1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
tfDIIer and authenticated by his seal of office, shall be a
legal ana sufficient evidence, in ali courts and places within
the United States or the jurisdiction of the Government
thereof, of the existence of such association, and of every
other matter or thing which could be proved by the pro-
duction of the original certificate.
The question may arise as to the genuineness
of the signature, and of course you would be com-
pelled in such a case to produce the original cer-
tificate. I move to strike out the words " and of
every, other matter or thing."
Mr. STEVENS. If those words stood by them-
selves I should think it proper to strike them out,
because that would be loose kind of proof; but
as the clause makes this copy the original certifi-
cate, it seems proper it should remain, because it
will prove what the original would, and nothing
else.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The seventh section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That no association
shall be organized under this act, with a less capital than
$100,000, nor, in a city whose population exceeds fifty thou-
sand persons, with a less capital than $-200,000.
Mr. KASSON. Not only upon my own mo-
tion, but in accordance with the views of other
members, I move to amend that section by add-
ing thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That tile Secretary of the Treasury shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to allow the organization of
a bank with a capital of not less than $50,000 at any town
having a population of not more than fitly thousand per-
sons; but in such ease the entire amount of capital shall
be paid in before it shall be authorized to commence the
business of banking.
I offer the amendment for the reason that in
many of the more thinly settled States there is an
amount of capital proportioned to the amount of
business transacted in certain local centers; and
many banks now under State authority are estab-
lished upon a basis of §50,000. In my own State,
for example, that is the minimum limit for the
branches of the State bank of Iowa. There are
several such in Maryland, and in other States;
and it has been deemed by myself, and by other
gentlemen also, important to conform the provis-
ions of this bill in that particular to the ascertained
necessities and condition of things in different
portions of the United States. This provision
has been inspected by the proper authorities, the
Comptroller of the Currency among others; and
I offer the amendment and ask the opinion of the
committee upon it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the words
"but in such case the entire amount of capital
shall be paid in before it shall be authorized to
commence the business of banking." In many
small towns in Michigan and other States, banks
are desirable and the people wish to establish them,
and $50,000 is sufficient capital to meet the wants
of the localities. Now, I see no reason for put-
ting such banks on a different footing from banks
in larger places. I would vote for the proviso if
the words I have specified are stricken out. I
hope they will be.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, a single word
on that amendment which proposes to strike out
the clause requiring the $50,000 to he pai'd up. I
believe we ought to have a respectable capital in
any>of these institutions before we give them the
general privileges of banking, while in all cases
where there is a population in any given commu-
nity demanding a bank at all, the capital ought to
be, I have no doubt, $100,000. There aie reasons
which 1 have already referred to, restingupon the
condition of things, which should lead us to take
that $50,000 as a basis. There is no banking sys-
tem that I know of that authorizes a bank wtth
less capital than $50,000. I think th.it in all those
eases which it is desirable to provide for, at least
fifty thousand dollars capital should be paid in. If
we get below thatsum, and allow persons tocom- j
mence the business of banking on twenty or thirty j
thousand dollars, it seems to me that we will be :
getting the banking system down to too trifling a
basis, and one notcalculated to inspire confidence
in the community. It is for that reason that we
have thoughtit best to accept the suggestion of the
Comptroller of the Currency, and fix that limit in
the case of these small banks.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to inquire of the gentleman
from Iowa whether the practical working of the
present law has been found objectionable with
the present limit of #50,000 capital? It seems to
me that if this banking system is a good t*ie, of
which I have always had doubts, and in which I
am free to say I have yet no faith, it would be
well perhaps_ to distribute it as widely as possible.
As the limit in our State, and in the State of Iowa,
and in other States is $50,000,1 would inquire of
the gentleman what reason there is for raising that
limit?
Mr. KASSON. If I understand my friend
from Maine, he says the limit under the present
law is $50,000.
Mr. PIKE. Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I presume it is a paid-up cap-
ital of $50,0C0. This only requires the capital
to be paid up, $50,000, before the business' of
banking is commenced. I think the people are
entitled to that much security of the bona fides of
the proprietors of these banks. I am informed by
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,]
that theie has been inconvenience experienced
under the present system, which authorizes the
commencement of the business of banking on less
capital; that there is a very large proportion of
small banks, larger than is desirable, larger than
contributes to confidence in the system.
Mr. PIKE. I do not understand that that ob-
jection should apply. A bank with $50,000 cap-
ital is organized on the same principle as a bank
with a capital of $5,000,000; and why should not
the bills of the smaller bank carry the same de-
gree of credit as those of the larger, when both
are alike secured by national stock ? The amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Iowa makes
an invidious distinction between the two. Be-
sides, it proposes that these banks with $50,000
capital shall only bo located in towns with less
than five thousand inhabitants. In our State,
which is sparsely settled, and where there are a
great many small town?, there are banks, very
convenient forlocal purposes,establishedin towns
of less than five thousand inhabitants.
Mr. KASSON. My friend from Maine cer-
tainly does not understand the proposition. It
is for the express purpose of giving the banking
privilege to towns of less than five thousand in-
habitants.
Mr. PIKE. Where towns have a population
slightly exceeding five thousand there have been
banks established with a capital of $50,000. This
bill will prevent that.
Mr. KASSON. It is necessary that the bill shall
fixa minimum of capita! and a designation of pop-
ulation. It fixes the capital of a bank at one or
two hundred thousand dollars, according to the
population of the city where it is established.
You must fix some figure for the population when
the capital is reduced to $50,000. Otherwise you
will bring the entire system into discredit by al-
lowing men of small means, and without the re-
quisite knowledge of banking, to establish a great
number of these small banks. I take the theory
which discriminates capital according to popula-
tion, and ask simply that Congress shall extend
this privilege to small towns not likely to have a
bank with a capital ©f$100,000, and permitthemto
do business on a capital of $30,000. My own town,
for instance, having a population slightly over
five thousand, would he able to raise a bank with
$100,000capital. But, sir, we had toselectsome
limit as a basis of action, and I took the mean of
the general estimates that were made; some were
higher, and some lower. The limit I havefixedin
my amendment will go beyond what it should be
in the judgment of some with whom I have con-
veised, and will fall short of it in the estimate of
others. I therefore fixed it at five thousand, sup-
posing that any town with a larger population will
be able to raisea bank with a capital of$100,800.
Mr. PIKE. Do I understand the gentleman
from Iowa to say that in practice the banks with
a capital of $50,000have brought the system into
discredit?
Mr. KASSON. 1 answer the question of the
gentleman from Maine, as I think I stated before,
that to give permission for the establishment of
banks with so small a capital in any place irre-
spective of population will fill the country in
cities as well as smaller towns with a great pre-
ponderance of these little petty banks; and 1 re-
new my declaration that it would not be calcu-
lated to give credit to asystem of public banking.
Mr. PIKE. My question was one of fact and
not one of theory. My question was whether in
the practical working of the banking system it
has been found that' the" conduct of the small
banks, such as those.having a capital of $50,000,
has been such as to bring- the system into dis-
credit?
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman misunder-
stands the application of my remark.- . What I
desire to say is that in practice under ihc^present
system of banking great inconvenience has been
found from the Targe preponderance "of' these
small banks. In other words, in the;large towns'
and cities where a capital of $100,000 or #1,000,000®
could have been raised a good many persons with'
very little capital, and knowing nothing about the;
business, have started those petty banks -with
$50,000 capital.
Mr. PIKE. Suppose they have, w;hat of it?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. The amend-
ment proposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man would prevent an undue accumulation" of
those small banks, because it leaves it in the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Treasury to say
whether such banks with a capital of $50,000,
may or may not be established in each case.
But I should like to know why a bank with fi
capital of $50,000, when it is authorized, should
have difficulties and obstacles thrown in its way,
why it should have special conditions imposed
upon it that are not imposed upon one with
$5,000,000 ? Why are we in these small towns
to be subjected to these inconveniences,that are
not placed upon the larger and more wealthy
towns? Why make this distinction? Sir,letuii
give.to all the same privileges, let us have equal
rights. There are a good many towns .with five
thousand, six thousand, or three thousand in-
habitants in which it would be convenient to have'
a bank, but where $100,000 capital could not be
easily raised and where the wants of the com-
munity do not require so large an institution; and
I can see no reason why the people of these
towns should be subjected to hardships which
are not imposed upon others. I,can see no rea-
son why a bank with $50,000 capital should not
be just as safe as a bank with $5,000,000 capital,
nor can I understand why these small towns in
Michigan, for instance, should not be permitted
to raise the banking institutions which are neces-
sary for their business with the same privileges
that are extended to New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, or Boston.
Sir, we in the sparsely settled country of the
West desire to avail ourselves of this national
system of banking. We desire to support the
national currency; we believe it to be a good cur-
rency. I am willing that the discretion should be
loftin the Secretary of theTreasury to say in each
instance whether one of these banks of $50,000
shall be established, but when authority has been
given I want all to be placed upon the same foot-
ing.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted;
and then the amendment, as amended, waa re-
jected.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out " one hun-
dred" and insert in lieu thereof" fifty."
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Brandegee reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill No. 333, to provide a national cur-
rency secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. OORB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 341) to carry
into effect the convention with Ecuador for the
mutual adjustment of claims; when the Speaker
signed the same.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. STEVENS moved that all general debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the national currency bill be closed in
five minutes after its consideration shall be re-
sumed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BROOKS, (at
twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
