1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2249
other men's opinions, I cannot conceive of any-
thing which to me looks so foolish and so fatal.
Mi*. President, I have reflected upon no one,
i have rebuked no one except in so far as I think
certain Senators on this floor sometimes in the
strength of their convictions, in the force of their
opinions, use what seem to me unjustifiable modes
of putting down their adversaries. 1 think my
venerable friend from Vermont [Mr. Collamer]
at one time called it " the crack of the whip" of
the majority over him. I hope there will be an
end ot that. Why should there not be? Is there
a man on this floor that desires for a moment an
empty triumph over an adversary? Is there a
man upon this floor who desires for a moment
that it should go forth in the newspapers that he
had said a smart thing of his antagonist, that he
had said a cutting thing1, that he had said that
thing which would wound, or hurt, or silence,
or if you please paralyze the free brain of an an-
tagonist? Surely not, Mr. President. Then I
suggest what 1 have meant to suggest ftom the
beginning, and what I rose simply to suggest,
that our opinions may be free, that our arguments,
if they be arguments, may be met, that our past
lives, our persons, whatever relates to the person,
may be kept out from the discussions in this
Chamber; and then ifwe confine ourselves to what
1 think is the legitimate duty of the hour, war,
and war only, the North will be a unit, or so
nearly a unit that its differences will sink into
nothing and will be inappreciable, and then and
then only we may hope for victory—victory I
mean not only on the field of battle but victory
at the council table, victory which will save the
Union, and victory which will inaugurate* re-
forms, victory which will punish past offenses,
and victory which will secure us against future
aggressions.
Mr. WILSON. It is very important to have
an executive session, and as itisevident that this
bill cannot be disposed of to-day, I move that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. HARLAN. Before that motion is put, I
desire to submitan amendment to this bill, which
I shall offer when it shall be in order to do so,
and I move that it be printed.'
The amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him; which was re-
ceived informally, and ordered to be punted.
The motion of Mr. Wilson was agreed" to; and
after some time spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, J\Iay 12, X8G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ltBD IttVJBR DISASTERS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a con-
current resolution from the Senate directing an
investigation into the causes of the recent disas-
ters on the Red river, &c.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was concurred in; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Offi'ICTAL AIIMY HEP011TS.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I ask the unanimous
consent uf the House to take fiom the Speaker's
table Senate joint resolution No. 21, providing
for the printing of the official reports of the oper-
ations of the armies of the United States.
There was no objection; and the joint resolu-
tion was taken up, and fcad a first and second
time.
Mr. A. W. CLAIIK. I move to substitute for
the Senate resolution that the Secretary of War
be directed to furmsh-*he Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing with copies of all such correspond-
ence, by telegraph ot otherwise, reports of com-
manding officers, and documents of every de-
scription, in relation to the existing rebellion, to
be found m the archives of his Dep.utnient suee
the 1st day of December, 18G9, to the present
time and during the continuance of the rebellion,
which may be, in his opinion, proper to be pub-
lished, which said correspondence, reports, and
documents shall be arranged in their proper
chronological order; that the Superintendent of
Public Printing shall cause to be printed and
bound, in addition to the usual number, ten thou-
sand copies of such correspondence, reports, and
documents in volumes of not exceeding, as near
as may be, eight hundred octavo pages each,
which shall be distributed by the Secretary of the
Senate as follows: five hundred copies to the War
Department, one complete copy to each State
library of every State in the Union, and five com-
plete copies to public libraries in each congres-
sional district of the United States, to be designated
by the Representatives of the present Congress
from such districts; and of the remaining copies
three thousand shall be for the use of members of
the present Senate and six thousand for the use
of the present members of the House of Repre-
sentatives; that it shall be the duty of the Secre-
tary of War to cause a complete index to the
matter contained in such volume to be prepared
and inserted therein; and that all resolutions
adopted by either House of Congress at its pres-
ent session directing the printing of any of the
coirespondence, reports, or documents, as above
contemplated, be rescinded.
The substitute was adopted.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered
to be read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to leconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. BUSH.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Punting, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, an act (S.
No 38) to authorize the settlementof the accounts
of A. Bush, late public printer for the Territory
of Oregon.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the proper
accounting officer to audit the accounts of A.
Bush, late public printer fot the Territory of Or-
egon,for printing, binding,&c., in 1855, five bun-
dled copies of the statutes enacted by the Legis-
lative Assembly at its session of 3853-54 and
1854-55, and allow for tiie same such prices as
were by iaw allowable for such services at that
time, and that the amount so found due shall be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly lead the third time, and
passed.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
APPOINTMENTS IN TUB NAVAL SERVICE.
"Mr. PIKE, from a committee of conference,
made the following* leport:
The committee, of conference appointed to take into con-
sideiation th« dis.aunjomg votes ot" the two Houses on the
bill £. No. 76, "An act relating to appointments in the
naval service and eourt>-maitial,-'liavm? met, after full
and (ret* eotileruieo have ngiecd, and do recommend to
their u'vpcetive Houses jo agiee, ay follow*:
That the House leccdelioni us voie^tnkmg outthc first
! section ot the bill, winch >hall be amended &o aa to read
| ah follows*:
t ilereaftei all appointments in the voiunteei naval ser-
vice of the United Htatc-. above the tank of.ieUn^masu r,
fchall be submitted to lie.  S«'nate foi coofmnanon nMhe
s.inw' wav and man net a* appointments in the legular Navy
aie icquired to be submitted.
JOHN P H\LE,
\V. T WiLLEY,
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
l>Taiiyi>t'i$ on the -purt oj the Senate,
V. A. PIKE,
IGNATfES DONNELLY,
Monusers on the part oj the House.
The report was agiccd to.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the lepoit was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to leconsider on the table,
(j The latter motion was agreed to.
i| Mr. PIKE &Uo, from a committee of confer-
l^ence, made the following report:
i J'hf committee of confidence appointed to tak" mtu
II consultation 'iic di.-agieemg vutc& ot the two llous  *
on the bill (H  R. No, 370) to appoint certain officers of the'
Navy, having met, after full and free conference have and
do recommend lo their respective Houses as thllows :
That the House concur with the fijvt amendment'of the
Senate, and that the Senate recede from the other amend-
ments made by it to the bill.
JOHN P. HALE,
W.T. WrLLEY,'
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
Managers <m the -part of the Sciudc.
F A PIKE '
IGNATreSDONNELt,1?, L
Managers on the part of the House* *r
The report was agreed to.
Mr. ,PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SEAMEN IN UNITED STATES SEKYICE.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Commerce a bill to repeal certain acts in relation
to the employment of seamen in the service of the
United States.
Mr. COX. I object to it now.
HOMESTEADS IN REBELLIOUS STATES.
The House proceeded, as the regular order of
business, to the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on Public Lands in reference
to homesteads in the rebellious States, on which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Julian] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I propose this
morning, after briefly referring to some of the ob-
jections which have been urged against this bill,
to call for a final vote upon it. I discussed its
principles and policy several weeks ago in a some-
what carefully prepared speech. Other gentlemen
have since resumed the argument; and believing
the House now prepared to vote upon the prop-
osition, I do not wish to hinder other important
legislation by needlessly prolonging the debate.
If there is any besetting sin which can fairly be
charged to this Congress it is a redundancy of talk.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood]' objects to thus measure because, as he
asserts, it assumes that the Ugion is never by
any possibility to be reatoied. Ilethinksit recog-
nizes and aims at the destruction of the Union,
and says he never will do anything to hinder its
restoration.
Sir, I do not understand the force of the gen-
tleman's objection. I do not see how the confis-
cation of the lands of rebels in arms against the
Government, or the sale of abandoned estates for
the non-payment of taxes by the villains who
have foiced the Government to levy them, can
in any degree harm the integrity of this Union.
On the contrary, if the Union is to be saved at all,
the best practicable mode of doing it is to lay hold
of these confiscated lands and these abandoned
estates and make such disposition of them as is
proposed by this bill.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I am very sure
the gentleman from Indiana would not intention-
ally represent me as saying what I did not say.
I said the bill was an obstruction to the restora-
tion of the Union. That was one of the objections
I made to it.
Mr. JULIAN. I accept the gentleman's quali-
fication, but I do not see how it lelieves him. I
wish he had explained in his speech on yesterday
how the passage of this bill could in any way ob-
struct the restoration of the Union. On the con-
trary, I think it would do more to cement and
pei petuate the Union than any legislative measure
that could possibly be devised. Here, for instance,
are lands belonging to Toombs, of Georgia, a con-
spicuous rebel. He owns,as I understand, some
forty thousand acrcs of rich land in the State of
Texas; enough to furnish an independent homo-
stead of one hundred acres each to four hundred
soldiers of this war. How will it militate against
the restoration of the Union to parcel out these
lands in free homesteads to the soldiers and sailors
now fighting for the lite of the Republic? Can
the gentleman tell ?
Let me state another fact. Mr. Thompson,
one of the Cabinet ministers of Jimmy Buchanan,
owns lands winch are said to be worth $1,000,000,
bought by him at ftom ten to eighty cents an
acre. 1 do not comprehend how the confiscation
of these estates and their distribution among our
soldiers can endanger the Union; how it can do
otherwise than subserve the ends of justice, or-
