1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
bill, with the amendments now under considera-
tion, does not answer the purpose we can adopt
some other in its place. I am tired,and the coun-
try is tired, of that temporizing policy of adopting
expedients when we have a sure and certain remedy
"within our reach; besides, the responsibility im-
posed upon us is too great to be trifled with. A
great and patriotic people demand at our hands
that treason be suppressed and the nation restored
to its integrity, while we are amusing them with
schemes how not to do it.
I said that we had not appreciated the magni-
tude of our undertaking in putting down this re-
bellion, and I now think it is time that we begin
to look the tiling earnestly in the face.
During the fust six months of the war we were
amused with the predictions that it was to be all
over in thirty, then sixty, tlien ninety days; nearly
a thousand days have elapsed, and two hundred
thousand of our brethren have fallen, while we.
are here devising means to keep (lie residue out
of the ranks.
We have raised armies just in proportion as
we supposed the rebels had power to resist them,
and our successes have been quite as atti ibutable
to the mismanagement of our enemy as to our,
own exhibition'of stiength, prudence, or fore-
thought.
The war has been a chapter of accidents—1 had
almost said a comedy of errors. After the fust
Bull Run the capital was at the mercy of Beaure-
gard, who was only restrained fi om occupying it
by his respect for the ordeis of a superior.
At Antietam and Gettysburg, victory hesitated
long before it perched upon our standaul. At the
latter battle the absence of a single regiment from
the center or the faltering of one there would have
tendered the last rebel c.baige sucreshful, annihi-
lated Meade and his army, placed the capital,
Baltimoie, and Philadelphia in the hands of the
rebels, a nd transfei red their lines to the Delaware.
In September, 1862, Kirby Smith's lines were
within four miles of Cincinnati, and in July last
Morgan in his iaid was within eightmilesof the
city. There was nothing to prevent the former
from taking and holding, or the latter from de-
stroying the Queen of the West, except their ig-
norance of its true condition.
When I look back upon these probable contin-
gencies it causes me to shudder, and -to feel how
important it is that no such terrible risks shall be
assumed in the future. The only way that [see
to avoid them is to dispense with commutation
and exemption clauses, and make our Army so
powerful as to be invincible.
Twenty thousand additional men would have
marched from Malvern Hill to Richmond, and the
same number would have destioyed Lee's army
at Antietam or Gett\sbuig. Ten thousand re-
serves at Chick.unauga would have saved our
right and enabled Rosectans to destroy Biagg.
Fifty thousand troops might have held Texas long
ago, and cut off the pimeipa! sou tee of supplies
for the rebel aimy. The men to accomplish all
these pui poses have stood ready at your bidding,
but you have not only had too much modesty to
demand their services, with the experience of
the past before your eyes you now devise a means
by which you nevei can get them.
I ask Senatois to contemplate the prospect of
the future. The great heart of the rebel States
has not yet been reached by our armies. During
the present winter no effoit will be spared to aug-
ment their forccs; the energy of despair will be
bent in that direction; and in the spiina, with a
concentrated and well-disciplined aimy operating
upon short interior lines, they will be able to hurl
a combined force against cither the army of the
Potomac or the Cumberland, one of'which, if not
crushed, will be rendered inefficient for at least
another year.
The present armv of the Potomac nor any
other will ever reach Richmond by their present
route. It will remain an army of observation, oi j
for the defenses of Washington, while your com- I
mutation clause wiU biitig money into yuurTreas- j
ury from the men at home who should be ap- :
proaching Richmond by the other and better route. j
[ know that it is a favorite theory with some |
that the armed resistance of the rebels must soon j
cease on account of the depieciation of their cur- |
rency. A createi delusion was never indulged in. j
While it is to a ceuam extent true that a recog- j
nized member of the family of nations isnotlikely |
to succeed m war or prosecute it foi a long period
without money, the history of all revolutions dis-
closes the fact that they have been piosecuted, and
in many instances successfully, with an almost
entiie destitution of funds. Take our own Revo-
lution as a precedent, how many of its battles weie
fought after its credit was reduced as low, if not
lower, than that of the confederates?
1 saw the rebel troops fight at Chickamauga
with a currency worth five cents on the dollar,
and I thought that they stood up to it about as
well as our own troops, who had at least eight
hundred per cent, the advantage of them on the
question offinancc. In a country like the rebel-
lious States, where their system of labor produces
abundant supplies for an army, they are compar-
atively independent of the outside world. What
cannot be bought is seized by an arbitrary and
tyrannical government. With their present re-
sources they have the ability to resist our tempo-
rizing policy for the next ten years, and to pro-
tract a war indefinitely which should have already
terminated.
If the admitted power of the Government can
be so exerted as to bring the war to a close within
the next six months, even if it should double our
piesent expenses, would it not be £oud policy to
make the effort, instead oi' procrastinating that re-
sult for a dozen yeais at the present annual cost,
with all the threatened dangers of foreign intei-
vention ?
We know that the strict enforcement of the
draft divested of the commutation clause would
promptly raise all the troops we desire, and at the
same time give the greatest satisfaction and en-
couragement to the people, who would thus per-
ceive that the Go\et nuient was in earnest in its
dibits to consummate the desire entertained by
the patuotie masses to sue the rebellion crushed
and the supremacy of the Government restoied.
The means to supply such an army we have in
the greatest abundance, and the people are only
too anxious to contribute them. You may reject
their proffered aid and pursue your past policy,
and write upon the tombstone of the nation,
" Died of commutation."
Mr. HOWE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of'the Senator from Oregon.
The yeas and nay.? were oideied.
Mr. HOWE. When this amendment was
before the Senate in Committee of the Whole I
voted against its adoption. I was anxious to pro-
vide some mode for commuting for the services
of those who I thought could not afford to lender
personal set vice without an enoi mous sacrifice to
themselves, and in many casts agieat sacrifice to
the community about them, and who might de-
pend in a gieut mcasui e upon them; and I thought
that could be done without imposing any addi-
tional hardship upon those who were compelled
to go into thu seivice because they had not the
means to commute. Severulexpedients have been
tried, several amendments proposed with the view
to lighten the burden upon those who can com-
mute for their serv ices. As 1 understand the mat-
ter, none of them have b( en adopted. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
SiiermaKj] and adopted by the Senate, aheady
piovidi.s one mode, and I think an adequate
mode, foi exempting this class of persons to whom
I have alluded. They can piocure substitutes if
they are to lie found; they can hire them as cheap
as the Government can hire them, if a substi-
tute cannot be found foi $300, the sum which is
proposed here as the measure of commutation,
they cannot procure him. If no substitute can be
hired for that sum it seems to me that sum ought
not to be fixed as the measure of commutation;
and since the Senaie has decided that this com-
mutation shall not constitute a fund to go to those
soldiers who are d raft' u, and who enter upon the
seivice, I feel comp< lied to vote now for the
amendment proposed by the Senator fiomOie-
£on, and to say that no man who is drafted shall
be allowed to commute for his services; that if
substitutes are to be had he can line them; but
that we shall not fix an arbitrary sum and say
the Government shall take that in lieu of personal
service, w he the r they can get a substitute for it or
not. If we do that, it is manifest that the law
becomes a mere drag-net by which those indi-
viduals m the community who ar^ unable to com-
mute for personal service are singled out from the
whole body of the community and forced into
the ranks to the exclusion of everybody else.
Such ought not to be the intent of the law; such
ought not to be the effect of the law; and 1 intend
to vote for the adoption of the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. lit own, Conness, Grimes, Harding, Har-
lan, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nesmith, Ramsey,
Bpiague, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Coliamer,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster,
Harris:, Hendeison, Hendncks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of
Knn>a«, yaulsbuiv. Sheiman, Sumner, Van Winkle, WU-
Icy, Wilson, and Wii ht—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a new section to come
in immediately after section four:
Jlml he itfuithcr enacted, That in addition to the substi-
tute tarnished by a drafted person, or, where no substitute
is funnelled, then in addition to the 5,11m fixed by the Sec-
retary ot Wai lorihe piocuiation ot a substitute,every such
diaftcd person shall, before itw disehai^e irom the draft, be
held to contnbute a eeitain piopoition, in the nature of a
tithe, of his annual cams, profit, or income, whether dc-
uved fiom any kind or piopertj, dividend-, salary, 01 from
any profe->ion, hade, or employment whatever, according
to the following rates, to wit: oa all i'ueoine ovei $1,000
alid not ovei £2,000, five pei cent ; ovei $2,000 and not over
$5,000, ten pci cent. ; and on all income over $o,000,
twentv per cent. And it shall be the duty ot every such
person seeking to be di.-ehaiged to make return, either by
himself 01 his yu.udian, to the piovosi marshal of his dis-
tort of the amount  >f Iih income according to the require-
ment of the act"" to piovide internal revenue'' of July I,
1^62: .'ijiri it is fin I her provul ed, That the contribution thus
made shall beumphnod by the Seeietary of War, in ! 3
discretion,to piomote enlistments, or tor the benefit of en-
listed men.
Mr. President, I offer this amendment now for
two reasons: first, because when I offered it be-
fore and it was voted upon, I offered it as a sub-
stitute foi another ptoposition. The Senate have
never voted upon this amendmentdirectly. They
voted upon it only as a substitute to the propo-
sition striking out the commutation clause. But
the Senate have determined to keep in the com-
mutation clause; the $300 are to be required; and
now the question is practically presented whether
the Senate will require that $300 of all alike, rich
and poor, or whether they will make this burden,
so far as possible, in a certain sense equal. I say
as it stands it is not equal. I say it is wrong to
requn e the poor man to pay $300 for that exemp-
tion and not to require more of the rich man. It
is my conviction. I cannot escape from it. I think,
sir, you embody in the bill, unless yon adopt my
amendment, a crying injustice, and I so declai enow
from my seat here. I make this effortsincerely,
with a view to make this important measure more
acceptable to the community than it has been,in
order to introduce into it an element of justice
which it seems to me down to this moment it has
not. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order now to
move an amendment to the Senator's proposition?
If so, I should like to have inserted among the
objects for which the money is to be used, " the
families of \olunteers," leaving it with the Sec-
retary of War.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will reduce hispioposiuon to wiiting if he moves
an amendment to the pending anif ndment.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal to the Senator from
Kansas to withhold his proposition now. It may
embarrass mine. Let us get a vote upon that, and
he can afterwards offei his as a separate propo-
sition .
Mr. CONNESS. That will be the best plan.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will do that.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I thought the bill as it
stands without the proposed amendment would
woik gross injustice, I certainly should vole to
adopt, the amendment proposed by the honorable
m< mber from Massachusetts; but 1 have been
unable heretofore to satisfy jnyself of thatinjus-
tiep, and I do not think it can be so very appa-
rent, provided U be true, as I rather think it must
be tiue, that tin1 honorable membei from Massa-
chusetts voted for the original bill which con-
tained it, and which is now the law.
Mr. SUMNER. I did vote, sir, for the original
bill which is now a law , and I am now trying to
amend it. I want to make it better, and I hope
the Senator from Maryland will help us.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 only meant by making the
reference to the honorable member to say that it
is not so very appment to me that the proposition
as it stands now m the law is very unjust. Itcan-
