2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
der, liberty, and peace in the revolted States.
These are the pledges, not the perils, of a real
Union.
Here is anotner conspicuous rebel, Robert W.
Johnson, of the State of Arkansas, holding an
estate perhaps equally large; and I believe Davis,
Floyd, Wigfall, Slidell, Cobb, and in fact all the
rebel chiefs have largely monopolized the lands
of the South, while owning and directing the la-
bor of the people, black and white.
This bill proposes to parcel out all these estates
among the soldiers and seamen of this war, and
the gentleman from New York says it will ob- |
struct the restoration of the Union ! Mr. Speaker, j
let me submit to the gentleman from New York (
a few other facts. Under the legislation of Con- ;
gross in the old days of slave-breeding Democ- i
racy, when old Jimmy Buchanan was its king ;
and such men as the gentleman from New York j
were its anointed high piiests, grants weie made j
to the States of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, 1
Mississippi, and Arkansas, under the name of
" swamp lands," amounting to more than thirty
million acres, and winch are to-day the very rich-
est lands in America. These lands wore chiefly
bought tip afterwards by the men who are now
conspicuous rebels, and many of them traitors
in arms against us.
The gentleman from New York argues that if
we seize these lands and parcel them out among
our soldiers it will hinder the restoration of the
Union. Sir, I am utterly ata loss to know how
this can be true. I apprehend, however, that when
lie talks about restoring the Union he means one i
thing, and I mean exactly the opposite. He means i
the Union as it was when the slave power ruled
the country like a throned monarch, and when
Davis, Floyd, Thompson, and their confederate
cut-throats and pirates were in the Cabinet, in
Congress, representing us at the courts of the Old i
Woild, and ruling the Government according to j
their own free will.
Mr. KALBFLKISCII. I would ask tho Son- !
tleman whether hemeans James Buchanan when j
he talk-* of" old Jimmy Buchanan r"
JMr. JULIAN. I think (he gentleman can
gue«;s my meaning putty siueuiJly if lie will !
remember that I grouped him with h'loyd and ]
Thompson, his distinguished Cabinet ministers, i
and brothers beloved m the work of undermining '
theUnmn. 1 called him " old Jimmy Buchanan " ;
familiarly, not dreaming that it would oflend any i
loyal man on this floor. j
I was about to say, Mr. Speaker, when inter- I
rupted, that if the gentleman fiom New Yorkdc- :
nmnds (he i est oration of the Union as it was when !
the Democratic pai ty, in the evil days of the past, !
ruled (he Government absolutely m the interest
of slavery, and when the nation was steadily
gravitating under the accumulating weight of its
guilt toward the bottomless pit of national ruin,
then 1 am not for the Union as it was, but as it
will be when this icbellton shall have wrought
out its providential lesson in these States, and
scouiged the slave-breeding Democracy forever
from our land. 1 am for a Union of regenerated
States, resting upon the basis of fiee labor and
the lights of man, and disowning, as an alio-;
eious libel upon humanity and republicanism, the i
dogma which demands that slavery shall be the !
cot ner-sione of the Government, as these rebels ,
and their sympathizers have labored so long to
make it. ;
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from New Yotk r
says that it would be " unconstitutional" to pass
this bill. I am again ata loss to know what the gen- j
tleman means by his aigument. If it be uncon- |
stitutionnl to pass this bill, then all the legislation ;
of Congress since this rebellion begun is uncon-
M.itutioual and void Our tax laws and revenue
laws enacted during the past tlnee years are all :
unconstitutional, including the tax bill which re- 1
ccntly passed this House. If this bill is uncon- ;
stitutionalj then our grand armies that have from ,
time to time been raised by authority of tho Gov- j
eminent were unconstitutionally raised, equipped, ■
and employed. Every gun and every cannon !
fired in the national defense has been unconstitu-
fionally leveled at the rebels. The war itself is j
an unconstitutional war, the Piesidentand Con-
gress are guilty of usurpation and treason, and 1
the most loyal men in the country are such as the :
convicted felon who once held a seat on this floor
from the Style of Ohio, and is now in exile, and ,,
the still more "unworthy" gentleman from Mary- ]
land, [Mr. Harris,] who prays God to-day that
the armies of the Union may never prevail over
the organized thugs and assassins whose daggers
are aimed at the nation's heart. According to this
philosophy the Constitution itself is clearly un-
constitutional, and there is no sure guide left us
save the new gospel of peace as expounded by
the distinguished gentleman from New York.
Sir, I do not exactly accept these Democratic
revelations, and I sayagain that if this bill, which
we propose to vote upon to-day, is unconstitu-
tional, then all the endeavors of this Government
to put down the rebellion are unconstitutional,
the gentlemen on theother side of the House are
on the loyal side, we who support the Govern-
ment are the enemies of the country, and as the
remedy for all our troubles, the Administration
should be utterly overthrown, and George B.
McClellan chosen President. Our heaven should
he slavery, and the devil should be our God. Mr.
Speaker, I respectfully decline the espousal of this
unsavory Democratic faith.
But the gentleman from New York says he sus-
pected, when this bill was introduced, that there
was a " nigger" in it, and that upon investigation
he has found him. He refers to the Nebraska
bill, of which Colonel Benton said it had a stump
speech in its belly, and says that this bill has a
" little nigger" in its belly. The contemptuous
spirit and characteristic language of the gentle-
man from New York would commend him to the
kindly consideration of the hero of the Fort Pil-
low butcheries, or the ringleaders of the late pi o-
slavcry mob in New York. General Forrest, in his
recent exploits, only displayed a larger measme
of the same unchristian and unmanly hatred of
"the nigger," which the gentleman from New
York exhibits on this floor as a leader of the
" peace Democracy !" Is it strange that (he rebels
of the South should defy humanity m their treat-
ment of the negroes? But, Mr Speaker, why is
the gentleman unwilling that negro soldiers shall
have a homestead on their nati\ e soil? They have
enlisted m the seivice of their eountrv; they aie
siiai f hg all the penis and hat dships of wai ; they
are helping by their valor 'o achieve our victories
and save the nation from impending destruction;
they ate to-day coveiiug themselves with glory
under General Gi nut, in driving back Gcneial Lee
and his legions. The country now pays them the
same wages as our white soldiers. Why would
the gentleman from New Yoik refuse to grant
them, at the end of the war, a home on the land of
their oppressors, who have enslaved their race
for more than two hundred years, and at last
sought both their lives and the life o! the Republic?
Mr. MALLORY, 1 wish, with the permis-
sion of the gentleman fi om Indiana, m connection
with the rematk he has just made, to iuquiio of
him, if he will be kind enough to answer, whether
it is not one of the provisions of this bill that the
nea'ro soldier may go and settle alongside of the
white soldier upon these confiscated lands in the
rebel States, and other lands which may come
into the possession of the General Government?
If that be so, then I wish to ask the gentleman
whether he does not intend this as one of a series
of acts by which he dewnes to woik'out the en-
tire equality, social and political, of the negi o with
the white man m thiscountiy?
1 desire nNo, in addition, befoie the gentleman
replies to that question, to ask him whether he
does not himself believe that if the negro is em-
ployed as a soldier m the Army under the policy
inaugurated by this Government to maintain its
hbei ties, as he says—1 say whether he does not
himself believe it to be wrong and unjust for the
black soldier who seived his country on the bat-
tle-field to be denied social and political equality
with the white soldier' I desire to know the opin-
ion of the gentleman particularly as representing
the peculiar portion of the party on that side of
the House with which he acts.
Mr. JULIAN. I take pleasuie m answering
the gentleman, but when he speaks of the 45 pe-
culiar portion "of the party with which 1 act I
do not know what he means.
Mr. MALLORY. I suppose the gentleman
will allow us to be as familiar with his party as
he assumes to bo with the Democratic pai ty when
he speaks of "Jimmy Buchanan." Thcgentte-
man of course understands his position on that
side of the House.
| Mr. JULIAN. I trust the gentleman will find
. when the vote comes to be taken on this bill that
! 1 am identified with no " peculiar party" on this
side of the House which separates me from the
great body of the unconditional Union men in
this Hall or throughout the country. I rather
think the gentleman is right in his remark that I
understand my political position.
In answer to the question of the gentleman
from Kentucky I have to say that I mean by this
bill precisely what the bill says in its plain Eng-
lish words. I mean that when this war is over
the black soldier as well as the white soldiershall
have a homestead of forty or eighty acres, as the
bill provides, upon the lands of these rebels
which shall be confiscated or otherwise come into
the possession of the Government. I mean,in
other words, that they shall have equality of
rights as to the ownership of the soil m these
insurrectionary States.
As to the question of social equality, I believe
the negro will work out that problem for himself
under the new dispensation which the military
and legislative power of the Government are now
inaugurating. 1 do not propose to enter into
any nice speculations upon this subject, but I
have no opinions to conceal. I behove in doing
justice to the negro, in guarding his rights, and
in giving him fair play in fighting his own battle,
leaving his social position to be* determined by
his own conduct, and the conditions of life in
which he may be placed. For one, I have no
fear whatever of Aftican domination. I trust
the gentleman from Kentucky is not seriously
alarmed. 1 must say, however, that I hope no
rebels or rebel sympathizers will ever have any
superiority of rights over the negro soldiers who
have aided in crushing the rebellion. Should
Afn< an domination take its turn, I trust it will
find Us true subjects.
Mr. MALLORY. As the gentleman from In-
diana is very candid and distinct in his utterances
and the expression of his opinions I do notthink
he will object if I endeavor to understand exactly
wheie he stands on this question before this col-
loquy is ended. 1 distinctly ask the gentleman
whether he does not contemplate by the bill
beioie the House, by which lie proposes to put
negioes alongside of white men upon these con-
fiscated lands, to establish a perfect equality of the
negro with the white man; in other words, whether
he does not advocate that the negro shall vote and
hold office and be fully the white man's equal ? -I
understand the gentleman to acknowledge that to
be true. 1 understand lnm in his answer to avow
that he is willing that politically the negro and
white man shall be equal, but that as to social
equality that was a matter which the negro would
settle for himself as soon as the shackles of bond-
age were lemoved. I undeistand that to be the
answer of the gentleman from Indiana. If not,
I hope the gentleman will be explicit.
Mr. JULIAN. I think I have answered the
gentleman fully. I will say in reference to tho
right of the ne^ro to vote- 
Mr. MALLORY. And hold office.
Mr. JULIAN. I will say that undertheCon-
stitution of our Government—which 1 hope to see
preset ved, as does the gentleman from Kentucky
—the right of suffrage in the States is to be de-
termined by the States themselves. When these
revolted regions shall be regenerated and dotted
j o\er with free homesteads, tilled by the labor of
freemen, and when these negroes have been con-
verted from chattels into men, with a common right
to the soil and stake in society* then the legislative
bodies ofthese re baptized Stales will probably deal
with the question of suffrage on just principles.
1 think they will not decline the logical conse-
quences of iadical democracy. But i shall be for
leaving that matter to them, as it is now left to
Alassachusctts and Kentucky, if they shall wee
fit to recognize the right of the negro to cast his
ballot; if fhe right oM-oting is conferred upon all
without discrimination as to color or race, 1 can
only say that 1 would not pronounce it an unwise
policy. But i would submit that question to the
States themselves. I bwieve the States of North
Carolina and Tennessee once allowed negroes to
vote; and the gentleman will remember that not
very many yeais ago two very prominent public
! men of those States, lion. Gcoige E. Badger and
1 Hon. John Bel!, admitted that they had been
j elected to office over their competitors by the
