3226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,.
poured into this natural ravine, the consequence
of which is that by the time it gets here it is
muddy water.* The first of these two items of
appropriation is to cover the expense of contin-
uing; the conduit around thi§ natural ravine or
receiving reservoir and connecting it with the
.pipes below, so that the city may have what was
originally designed, its fountain in the Potomac
river. I had the honor to be delegated by the
chairman of the Senate Committee oti the District
of Columbia to make some examination, and I
went upon the spot and found the facts; and i be-
lieve the committee on the part of the House of
.Representatives made a similar examination and
came to a similar result. I am satisfied that the
city will never have anything like what was con-
templated, water from the Potomac river, in the
condition in which it is received into the conduit,
until there is some way provided of avoiding tins
natural ravine, which was the original purpose
in the plan first submitted.
The next item is an appropriation of $50,000
for "completing the cut-stone dam across the
Potomac river, and constructing a telegraph line
from the fire department in the city of Washing-
ton to the said station-house below the receiving
reservoir." Now,in dry time, when the river is
low, no water runs into the conduit. You have
now spent about three million dollars,and in the
dry season, according to our examination, there is
not over a foot and a half of water in that foun-
tain, and it was not expected that there would be
without a dam thrown across the river. The
original plan contemplated a dam across the en-
tire river, not a solid masonry dam like this, but
an embankment of rubble stone, broken stone,
which it was supposed would raise the water to
n sufficient height to Kill the conduit. I believe a
subsequent examination has satisfied the engi-
neers—at any rate they so report in a very elabo-
rate documentsubmiticd at the commencement of
the session and again later in the session—that a
great saving may be made, instead of throwing
an embankment across the whole river, by con-
structing a solid stone masonry dam to an isl-
and just about one thiid across the river; and
they believe from surveys and measurement made
that we shall get by that dam a sufficient sup-
ply of water; not enough to fill the whole con-
duit nine feet, but what will be for the present
a sufficient supply. The estimate is that we shall
get a depth of water equal to about seven feet in
the conduit, nnd that is equal to the whole sup-
ply for the city of New York at the present time.
It strikes me that unless the Government have
come to the conclusion that this work had better
be abandoned, or had better be thrown upon the
city, there is a necessity for our continuing it :
until it is completed.
IVIr. GRLME^j. Not exactly agreeing with j
my colleague upon the Committee on the Dis- !
trict of Columbia so far as I have examined this \
subject, I wantto Hay a ninglu word. I think thus j
proposition involves much more than is appar- !
ent on the face of it. Several yeaia h^o, as has i
be(VB said by the Senator from Maine, Congress !
made provision for, and commenced the construe- <
tion of water-woilcs to bring into this city water !
from the Potomac nver, seventeen miles above '
here. After the water was brought over Cabin ;
John crerJc do wti to the receiving reservoir of
which the Senator from Maine has spoken, which
is a natural ravine, it was then contemplated to \
bring the water into a distributing reservoir which ;
embraces a huge number of acics and is nearly
completed. The oiiginal design, and it was a
pitHty expensive design, was to have the bnnksof
this distributing reservoir macadamized. Somp- 1
nine after this Administration came into power,
Mr. Silas Seymour, of New York, was appointed ,
the engineer of the Potomac water-works, and he
has proposed to buiid a conduit through this re-
ceiving reservoir, and bring it down past the dis-
tributing icservoii, so as to avoid the muddy!
condition of the water which is said to be caused 1,
by the rains and snows that flow into the rcceiv-
ing reservoir I think that the policy of the Gov- 'j
eminent was to have gone on and completed the
distributing reservoir as originally designed; but
instead of doing that, the engineer proposes a ,
much more expensive method^ by paving all the !
sides. The original design was to use rnacad- !
armzed stone on the sides. Instead of that they }
have gone to work now at great increase of ex- i
pense—I am not prepared to say how much, but
perhaps the Senator from Maine is informed as
to the expense—to pave all these banks, and in
order to wan for the completion of that work and
to obviate the trouble arising from the muddy
water in the receiving reservoir, it is proposed to
build this conduit right through the receiving res-
ervoir and make no use of that reservoir. Not
exactly concurring in that view of the engineer,
after the most patient investigation I could give
it with him on the ground, I am not prepared to
vote for the proposition as it is in the bill to make
this new conduit and change the original plan of
the work. If we are going to do anything, I
think we had better go on and complete it as
originally designed. This will add very materi-
ally to the expense of the work. I do not sup-
pose that the $100,000 proposed to be appro-
priated here will complete the conduit. It will
only partially complete it. I think we ought to go
on and complete the work according to the ori-
ginal design. If that had been done, we should
now have the benefit of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to Senators the
reason why the committee proposed to strike out
these items. There is no doubt that the appro-
priation as it now stands should be stricken out;
U provides for a change of the work, and it does
not seem to be recommended by any one. I hold
in my hand a letter signed by S. Seymour, chief
engineer of the Washington aqueduct, in which
he informs the Committee of Ways and Means
of the other House oificially that the appropria-
tion in the bill as'it now stands will not answer
the purpose. Perhaps I had better read it, as it
is brief and shows the reasons why the appro-
priation as it stands certainly ought not to remain:
Department op the Interior,
Office of the Washington Aqueduct,
Washington, 1). C., May2i, lSt>4.
DrirSir: Referring to our conversation yesterday rc-
upoeting the proposed appropriations for the. Washington
aqueduct, during winch >ou informed mo that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means would include in the miscella-
neous nppiopilatum bill an item of 100,000 for ihe new
conduit around the receiving re«ci voir and §00,000 for the
Potomac dam, I will lake the hbertyof siiSirestinc for your
consultation that if the appiopiunion he made in the pie-
eide foi in abov« stated it will be impossible to u .p any por-
tion of the amount for engineering,Miprrintcndetice, re-
pairs, or other miscellaneous expenses, cxeept tho^e di-
rectly thaigcablc to or connected with the above-named
two item*
It has always been found ne^es^ary to keep a superin-
tendent with night or ten men employed upon the line be-
tween the Ui-tubutinpfH'seivoir and (ireat Fall*?in cleaning
out drams repairing banks &e., and also a foree of tour
or five men between tin* navy-yard and the distributing
reservoir lor the purpu.se of hupetvi-mj,' the pipe line «nd
the distribution ol water, repainn^ leak-* oi breaks. &c\,
i &.<*., ail whieliamounts wiih other iiu>ed!anf*ous expends
1 to ten or hlteen thousand dollars per year, and t-hould be
provided lor in tne iippiopiuitinn. Thoie «xrn alt-o several
thoti-and dollais dir' loi peieenlage on unsettled contiaets
and othei accounts, which should be paid out of the next
appiopnanon,
11 the item in the bill should rend, u for continuing the
work upon the U\i,-hin£tou aqueduct, $150,0(30," (or any
other amount tlie committee mis ht think proper.) the difli-
(uiiy would be removed, and the money would be (l ox-
pended under the dneeiinn and Mipem.-ion oi the Secre-
taiy o( the Interim,'' aspiovided lot in tiie joint reflation
oMJongios, w Inch n.nisteired the wotk ttom the War to
thr Interior Dcpaitment. (^ee page 3 oupplcmental re-
port ) ■
I had hoped that Congress would feel justified in appro-
priating a Millit lot amount, in addition to the items above
named, to complete ihe upper section of tin: diMiibuting
re>ei voir to a depth of eleven foot. Tins will cost les-. than
liny thousand dollar, and would be of gieat service lu
pui u\ in? the waier. A lait?o amount of Ui« materials aie
on hand, and the svoi k can nevci be completed ao econom-
ically as now.
Wnh an appropriation of $2.13,000 for the whole work,
I have no doubt that all the items mentioned on page 19 of
the supplemental repoit may be completed withm one year i
fioin tlie date oi the appiopuatton. j
I have the honor to be. vrrv respectfully, vour obedient 1
servant, ' " S. SKYMOUR. i
Chief Engineer.
Hon. Thai")decs Stevens, Chairman Committee Ways and '
Means, House of llcpi cscntativcs, " i
This is the only official document wc had be- ;
fore us in regaid to the appropriation; and the ;
engineer says distinctly that the appropriation as ''
made in the bill will not answer the purpose; that j
it is not in the right language to cover the indis- i
p^nsable expenses of engineering, &e., nor is it !
of an amount suiRcieni, nor is it'm the form de- j
sired. On reference to the general estimates, I j
find submitted to us in the annual estimates this !.
item: 41 For completion of the Washington aque-
duct, in accordance with the repoit and estimate
of the engineer in charge, $401,383 62." The
objection to the appropriation as it stands in the
hill is that it proposes a radical change in the
original plan, proposes the construction of a new
conduit, and yet we have no designation of that
change. The engineer evidently does not ap-
piove it. Wc have no information as to what
the Committee of Ways and Means acted upon in
putting in this appropriation. We have no plans
or estimates. It proposes a radical change in the
construction of the work without giving us any
plans, estimates, or details. It seems not to have
been contemplated either by the Department or
by the chief engineer in charge. I have not the
slightest doubt, therefore, that whatever the Sen-
ate may think about the matter, we should strike
out the words which the committee propose to
strike out, and then, if Senators desire to submit
a well-considered amendment to continue the work
on the Washington aqueduct, 1 shall have no ob-
jection if the work cannot very well be suspended,
but my impression is that as Washington is now
deriving the benefit of a large supply of water,
although not in very good condition, we might
suspend the; work at present without any very
great harm. But if it is nccessary to continue
the work it ought to be continued in the old man-
ner, according to the old plan, or according to
some fixed plan, and we ought to have informa-
tion on the subject to enable us to vote-definitely
before changing; the plan or charactcrof the work.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is thought wise to stop
this work here, and let it Ije suspended in itspres-
ent incomplete condition, and the enterprise to
which the Government has contributed $3,000,000
entirely fail, fori suppose nobody acquainted with
the condition of the aqueduct will call it a success
at the present moment, then wemay afford to deny
all appropriations and suspend the woi k. But the
method pursued by my honorable friend from
Ohio strikes mc as a little remarkable. He as-
sumes that the appropriation asked for is not the
proper one for the reasons stated by him, and in-
asmuch as that is not proper no appropriation is
proper.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will allow me
to say that I do not, as an individual, objecttoan
appropriation sufficient to preserve and carry this
woik forward if it is deemed necessary; but it is
manifest that this appropriation is not in the
proper form, and the Committee on Finance, not
having clear information on it, as a matter of
course proposed to strike it out. If the Com-
mittee on the Districtof Columbiahavean amend-
ment to propose, very well.
JVtr. MORRILL, i do not think it is true, as
the Senator supposes, that there is no informa-
tion before the Senate of the United States in re-
gard to it. That there was no evidence before the
Committee on Finance was not the fault of the
Committee on the District of Columbia to whom
this matter perhaps more particularly belongs; but
if my friend had looked to the tepoit of the Sec-
retary of the Interior he would have seen this
work and these appropriations commended; and
more than that, he would have found the report of
the chief engineer who recommends this work in
detail; and there, too, he would have found (he
plan of the work, the present and prospective de-
mands upon it in tlie future, all set out in detail;
and more than that, the subsequent report of the
engineer within the last thirty days, made on the
application of tlie Committee on the District of
Columbia who have had this subject under con-
sideration, repeats thatand enforces it very elab-
orately, and that report was certainly accessible
to the Committee on Finance.
With all these facts within reach of the Com-
mittee on Finance, it does not seem to ine to be
quite the thing that, because the whole matter is
not specifically set out in this appropriation, the
appropriation should be stricken out wholly, un-
less some one else to whom the subject was not
referred should come forward with a specific
plan. It will be found by reference to the report
of the Secietary of the Interior and the chief en-
gineer that the wants of this work were specific-
ally set forth at the commencement of Congress
and repeated in a report to the Senate within the
last thirty days, in which not only these two
items were stated as quite indispensable, bat
other items calculated to cover the incidental ex-
penses referred to in the communication of the
chief engineer which has been read and which
was certainly before the committee, and from
