1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
IN SENATK.
Friday, March 25, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesteday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VrCE PRESIDENT laid before tlie Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 15th instant, a report from the
Secretary of State in relation to the establishment
of monarchical Governments in Central and South
America; which was referred to the Committee
on'Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ANTHONY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Rhode Island in favor of the pro-
posed exploration of eastern Asia by Dr. Mc-
GFowan; which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the petition of George W.
Hail and others, owners of the baik A 1, praying
for indemnification for alleged losses occasioned
by the seizure arid detention of that vessel at
Philadelphia on the 18th of December, 1863; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DIXON presented nine petitions ofcitizens
of Hartford, Connecticut, praying for increased
railroad facilities between the cities of New York
and Philadelphia; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
'Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying for the confiscation
of the lands of rebels, and their distribution among
the rank and file of the United States Army, and
such privates of the rebel army as will take the
oath of allegiance; which was ordered to lie on
the table. „
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Lawrence to PaoJn, and a peti-
tion of citizens of Kansas, praying for the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Topeka to the Sac
and Fox agency in that State; which were le-
lerred to the Committee on Post Ofliccs and Post
Roads.
REPORTS FItOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. IIAliLAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was leferred a resolution of the
Legislature of Kansas, in favor of a grant of land
to that State for the benefit of schools, reported
a bill (S. No. 193) to extend the eighth section of
an act entitled " A n net to appropriate the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands, and to grant pre-
emption rights;" which was read, and passed to
a second rending.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Commit tee on Post
Ofliccs and Pust Roads, to whom were icfeired a
memorial of the contractors on the overland mail
route, praying for a continuance of their contract,
and resolutions of the Legislatmo of California
in favor of a reduction of the present schedule
time (or the trarispuitation of the mails between
Atchison, Kansas, and Folsom, California, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 194) to authorize the Post-
master General to contract with the Overland
Mail Company for the carrying the mails; which
was read,and parsed to a second reading.
Air. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported a bili(S. No. 39G)
,o enlarge the powers of the cotpoiation of the
*,ity ot Washington; which was read, and passed
!o a second leading.
Mi. CLARK, irom the Committee on Claims,
(o whom were_ referred the papers in relation to
(he claim of Charles L. Nelson for services as
igentfor haibor improvements at But hn^ton, Ver-
mont, submitted a icport accompanied" by a bill
(S. No. 197) for the relief of Charles L. Nelson.
The bill wan read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
jHLLS introduced.
_ Mr. IIAIILAN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to intioduce a joint
lesolution (S. No. 36) explanatory of the tenth
section of an a^t to reduce the expenses of the
.survey and wale of the public Louis in the United
Stare:;, approv d th<> 'JOtli day of May, ]S6«;
which was lead twice by its title, and leterred to
the Committee on Public Land.-;.
Mr. TRUMBULL, m pursuance of previous
notice^asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S.No. 195) to constructa ship canal for the
passage of armed and naval vessels from the Mis-
sissippi river to Lake Michigan, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,leave to introducea bill (S. No.
198) to aid the Indian refugees to return to their
homes in the Indian territory; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That the legal repiesentatives of J. E. Martin,
deceased, have leave to withdraw their petition and other-
papers from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers of the heirs
of Joshua Chamberlain, deceased, be taken from the files
of the Senate, and rcfeircd to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
REFERENCE 01? A BILL.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to move to take up
a bill for the mere purpose of reference. It is a
bill that was reported yesterday morning by the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands. It
should have been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs. I now ask to have it taken up
and refcrred-to that committee. 31 is a bill (S. No.
149) granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid
in the construction of a military road Irom Port-
land to Dalles City.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thatorderwillbe
made, if there be no objection, and the bill will be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
REPORT ON EMIGRATION.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up a resolu-
tion that 1 offered the day before yesterday, asking
the President to transmit to the Senate an account
of the moneys expended foi colonization. 1 sup-
pose there will be no objection to its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. if that resolution will not
take up any time I shall not interfere with it, but
I desire very much to take up the naval appro-
priation bill this morning.
Mr. POWELL. 1 do not desire to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
now before the Senate m its order, and will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Tii.u the riCMdentof the United States be re-
quested to luinMt the Somite the lepoit of the Commis-
sioner ot limitation fot lt>03, with his account nf the ex-
i.-tii!£ contracts and other necessary information on the
que^ion ol enugi.Uion.
The resolution was adopted.
RETURN OF MANUSCRIPTS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which uas consideicd by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the ongirial manuscript copies of the re-
port.M>f the battle ol I'itt-bui^ Landingo! Sinloli, laid bcfoie
the fc?eu<uc on the 28th of Juno, i^Gv!, be returned to the
tfeeictaiy of War.
MESSAUE IW05I THE HOUSE.
A message from the Ilonso of Representatives,
by Mr. MePiihRsoN, its Clerk, announced that
the Ilousc of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 3G0) for tins prevention and punishment of
frauds in idation to the names of vessels*, in
which it lequested ihe <oneuneneeof the Senate.
The message furtherannounccd thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
of the Senate:
A hill (No. 34) m favor of the legal represent-
atives o( Israel C. Wait; and
A bill (No. 10.5) for the relief of E. F. and
Samuel A. Wood.
ENROLLED RILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident:
A hill (H. No. 341) to carry into effect the
convention with Ecuador for the mutual adjust-
ment o{ claims; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 31) authorizing the
issue ot a ic^ister to the bteamer Mohawk
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 360) for the prevention and punishment of
frauds in relation to the names of vessels was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and the bill (No. 306) to
amend an act entitled "An act prescribing the
times and places for holding terms of the circuit
court for the districts of Iowa, Minnesota, and
Kansas,'5 approved January 13,1863, was read
twice by its title,-and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITH ELECTIONS-.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 151, being the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will inquire whether
that will supersede the unfinished business of yes-
terday?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will not. The
unfinished business will come up at one o'clock
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will insist
on going on with his speech at one o'clock, i do
not know that I shall push this motion; but I am
extremely desirous, for the accommodation of
some gentlemen, to dispose of this bill to-day. I
do not wish, however, to inteifere with the just
rights of the Senator, if he desires to go orr to-day.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will say to the Senator
from Maine that my only desire on the subjcct
arises from this fact: 1 did not make any extended
notes of the speech .of the honorable Senator from
Michigan to whom I am replying, and if the sub-
ject goes over until next week I presume the Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] will press his
bill before the Senate, and I may not get an op-
portunity to finish my remarks at all. I assure
the Senator I shall occupy but a very short time.
I should not have occupied yesterday more than
an hour if I had not been interrupted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -Is the Senator ready to
proceed now? *
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I do not know but
that the Senator had better finish his speech now
il he insists on going on, and we can take up the
Navy bill afterwards, instead of breaking in on
it at one o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit that motion ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdiaw my motion
to take up the Navy appropriation bill,and move
to proceed to the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 37) to prevent officers
of the Army and Navy and other persons engaged
in the military and naval service of the United
States from interfering in elections of the States.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I assure
the Senate that my desire to go on this morning
does not arise from any wish on my part to inter-
fere with the business of theSenate; nor is it from
any desire to be heard in this hody; hut it is sim-
ply because the question under consideration is
one in which the people of my State have a deep
interest, one in which I, as the representative of
that State, feel a deep interest, and one which I
think is more important than any measure that
has been before this Senate at the present session,
or is likely to come before it; because it involves
no loss a question than the constitutional rights
of the States, and the freedom of clei lions ni~ the
States. It is a question of civil liberty; a greater
question than which cannot possibly engage the
attention of the Senate. &
Mi. Piesident, the Committee oq Military Af-
fairs, to whom the bill under considetation was
referred, notwithstanding the extraordinary re-
port in other respects which they have made, seem
to have received n^leam of light, which appeared
to flash upon their minds arid to influence their
judgment for an instantat least. Hence I find in
their report the following remarks:
_ "That election* should ho free ftom alt violence and in-
timidation, an axiom of free coveuunent accepted l>y -i)j
and -o evident that it need not be discussed. Violence and
threat- ot violence, and a!) iiu-uuhauce, actual or threat-
ened. calculated to keep the l/ <£ t! votei ho'n the noiJ*. or
to con-.trani tin free wilj and choice m ex^u-in" hi. na>1}
<ue plainly incompatible with the punciple* on whichout
govermmmts, whether State or Fedeial, iest.*•*
Now, Mr. President, the bill which is pending
