1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
votes of colored men. The case of Mr. Bell, I
think, was his first election to Congress.
The gentleman will also remember that several
■ of the slave States, and nearly all the non-slave-
holding States, permitted colored men to vole at
the date of the formation of the Government;
and they did vote, as he must know, upon the
question of adopting the Constitution.
Mr. MALLORY. I think I have obtained an
answer from the gentleman from Indiana, and I
want to show what I understand that answer to
be, so that there may be no mistake in the fu-
ture. I understand him to say that these States
may extend to this black population who settle
upon these lands the right of suffrage and the
right to hold office. . I understand the gentleman
to say that while as a citizen of Indiana, or Repre-
sentative from that State, he has no control over
the matter, yet if he had any control over the
matter his vote and voice would be in favor of
the exercise of the right of suffrage and to hold
political office by the black men jn the revolted
States. I understand the gentleman to say if
lands in Indiana be confiscated—and I believe it
is alleged there are men there whose property
may be confiscated—and these black men are lo-
cated upon them, he will, as a potential member
of the Republican party, advocate (he enjoyment
of the elective franchise by black men, of the po-
litical equality of the negro with the white man.
That I understand to be the exact object and aim
of this bill. I ask whether it is not the entering
wed"e for the purposes I have indicated.
Mr. JULIAN, lfearl shall not be able to sat-
isfy the gentleman's remarkable thirst for knovvl-
edge,and for exact information as to the ulterior
purposes of this bill and my own intentions in
urging its passage. If the bill, by a fair intei-
pretation of its language, is agood one and should
command the gentleman's support, I hope he
will not fight it because he fears it will be " the
entering wedge" to revolutionary measures, or
that my own intentions reach too farinto the dis-
tant and uncertain future. I hope lie will calm
his fears. As to rebel lands in Indiana, thegen-
tleman knows, if he has read the bill, that it ap-
plies only to the States'in insurrection. As re-
gards his reiterated questions, let me remind the
gentleman that if he will remember the answers
1 have already given ym he will find that they
respond fullv and fairly to what he asks. As re-
spects the question of " negro equality," let me
say to the gentleman that I do not think he ought
to'press it, considering his relations to his breth-
ren in the South. 1 think thesubjectasomewhat
delicate one for Democraticgentlemen to deal with.
• Mr. MALLORY. I would like to have the
gentleman explain that.
Mr. JULIAN. I will do so.
ivir. i .."l "v We who are
known as Republicans and unconditional Union
men sometimes associate with negroes. They
live among us, and of course we have dealings
with them. But no such intimate relations exist
between them and us as we find existing between
them and the Democrats of the South. Contin-
ually, habitually, and as the result of a well-rec-
ognized law of social order, the slave mothers and
slave masters of the South arc brought on to the
level of social equality in its most loathsome
forms. In some of the rebel States I believe the
number of mulattoes is nearly equal to the num-
ber of Democratic voters. In the State of Mis-
sissippi, if I am not mistaken, wherever you find
an orthodox modern Demociat you will find a
mulatto not very far off. The gentleman cannot
deny this, unless he can show that these mulat-
toes sprouted up from the soil, or were lained
down from the clouds,or reported their presence
through some other miracle. Ihissocial equality
between negro women and Anglo-Saxon Demo-
crats is the natural consequence and necessary
fruit of the institution which has proved itself to
be the mother of treasoi\and of all lesser abom-
inations ,
Mr. MALLORY. The Census Bureau estab-
Fishes' the fact that thiity-six per cent, of the free
colored population o£the free States have white
blood in their veins, while only one ninth of the
slave population shows white blood.
Mr. JULIAN. I have not examined the census
tables as to the fact stated by the gentleman. It
may be true, for I believe mulattoes more gen-
erally come into the northern States than those of
a daikei coloi, and of course their increase will
be mulattoes. The gentleman is not at all re-
lieved, however, by the white blood in the veins
of these negroes in the Noith, for they have mi-
grated from the South, bringing with them, per-
haps, the blood of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and other distinguished leaders of his party.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I have to Bay that the one
ninth white blood which exists in the South may
be attributed to the fact that we have among us
northern teachers, schoolmasters, and peddlers.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman assigns entirely
too large a work to these itinerantYankees. Cer-
tainly, my friend from Kentucky does not believe
them to be so wonderfully endowed, or so mar-
vclously successful over able and experienced
Democratic rivals. Besides, I think it was John
Randolph who said that " the best blood of old
Virginia courses in the veins of her slaves." It
was not the blood of northern schoolmasters and
peddlers, but Virginia blood, and what is true of
Virginia may fairly be assumed as to other slave
States.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. JULIAN-. I prefer not to be further in-
terrupted in this direction. My time is rapidly
expiring.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish the gentleman to an-
swer my serious question, and not act the dema-
gogue upon the subject.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman imputes to me
that which 1 think belongs exclusively to him-
self on this occasion.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman is mis-
taken  |
Mr. JULIAN. I decline to yield further. When j
imei'iupted by the gentleman from Kentucky, 1
was replying to some of the objections of the gen-
tleman fiomNew York [Mr. Fernando Wood]
to this bill. After urging its unconstitutionality,
he said he did not seek to save the negroes fiom
their masters, but from their white northern op-
pressors.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Before the gen-
tleman from Indiana leaves the point of replying
to me, I desire to call lus attention to tiie fact that
my objection was to conferring these homesteads
upon the black laborers, and not upon the block
soldiers. The gentleman has carefully avoided
alluding to that provision of the bill which allows
laborers to enjoy these homesteads, and not the
soldiers. . .
Mr. JULIAN. I have no disposition what-
ever to evade the fact that this bill provides home-
steads of forty acres for those who have been em-
ployed as laborers in the military service But
I wish to ask the gentleman from New Yoilt if
he is in favor of conferring these lands as home-
steads upon the black soldiers.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I am not, [laugh-
tSV,] because the lands do not belong to the Gov-
ernment, and hence they cannot confer them.
Mr. JULIAN. Then I have not misrepresent-
ed the gentleman, and he had no occasion to in-
terrupt me. As respects the inhumanity of our
own loyal people toward the freedmen of the
South, I agree with him in all he has said; and one
of the chief purposes of this measure is to pre-
vent the establishment of a remorseless system
of seifdom over the blacks. I know very well
what is being done in Louisiana to-day under
false ideas of reconstruction. 1 know thatasys-
tem of enforced and uncompensated labor isgro w-
ing up there but one remove from slavery itself.
It is to guard against all ibis legalized vassalage
and wrong by the white speculators o. theJNorth
Eiud the monopolists of the South that 1 desiie to
see this bill become a law.
Give away these lands in small homesteads to
the men who have earned them by their heroism
and their toils; for without a home no man can
have, absolutely, any rights. Land monopoly is
slavery in disguise. It is a stupendous system
of serfdom, as unnatural in a republic as wou <1 be
the recognition of universal liberty in an nbso-
i lute despotism. ,
I have alieady referred to the vast estates of
Floyd,Thompson, and other leading rebels who,
1 with their confederates, own the great body of
i the lands in the rebel States. If you seize these
lands and allot them in small homesteads, you
. destroy this monopoly and establish liulepend-
ienee, libetly, and equality on the rums of the
system which has ripened irito this war. You
establish closely associated communities on the
basis of free labor. You make it possible^ estab-
lish freeschoolsand churches, and by takingaway
the absolute power of capital over labor you se-
cure the right to the ballst, and thus enable the
people themselves to guard their political rights.
Sir, this question of land monopofy.is the grand-
est question of this tremendous conflict with the
rebels. It involves the whole problem of recon-
struction. If not decided wisely, what will the
President's proclamation be worth ? Of what avail
would be an act of Congress totally abolishing
slavery, or an amendment of the Constitution for-
.ever prohibiting it, if the old agricultural basis of
aristocratic power shall remain? Real liberty must
ever be an outlaw where one man only in three
hundred or five hundred is an owner of the soil.
Let it be remembered, too, that the work of set-
tlement and reorganization in the revolted States
must necessarily be attended by tumult and peril.
Guerrillas will infest the country and perhaps
carry on their work of rapine and murder for
years to come. Order and security can only ap-
proach their final empire by gradual steps. Noth-
ing, therefore, can be more entirely natural and
just than to send our veteran soldiers into these
"regions when the war is ended, with their rifles
on their shoulders, ready to defend as well as to
cultivate their homesteads, and to protect from
wrong and outrage those who may not be able to
help themselves. This policy would make every
settler in these regions, during iheir transition
from barbarism to civilization, a national police-
man and avenger, an efficient arm of that military
force which for a time will be required by the
state of the country. Both a military and an
agricultural necessity plead for it, while it is
commended by the highest statesmanship, and
embodies a beautiful poetic justice to our own
soldiers, and to the"rebels whose lands shall thus
become their righteous heritage.
Mr. Speaker, let me say in conclusion, to the
gentlemen on the other side of the House who
have seemed so anxious to increase the pay of
our soldiers, that this bill gives them a capital
opportunity to demonstrate their sincerity. My
colleague, [Mr. Holman,] who, I am sorry_ to
say, is not now in his seat, lias clamored during
Hie whole of this session for an increased com-
pensation for the brave fellows who are periling
their lives for the Republic. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] has also been
very anxious 011 the subject. It seems to be the
earnest desire of our brethren on the other side
of the House to have something done, and that
speedily, for the common soldier. We have al-
ready increased his pay, but our Democratic
friends are not yet satisfied. Now, here is a pi opo-
sition, made by a committee of the House, to give
all our sailors and soldieis, black or white, and
all who have sei ved the United States as laborers,
homesteads of forty and eighty acres of land on
the forfeited estates of the rebels. This is pro-
posed as a reward for their valor, and as the surest
pledge of the redemption and regeneration of the
insiu rectionary districts. Sir, I want to know
how these gentlemen are going to reconcile their
votes against this bill with their declared love tor
the soldiers of the Union?
e SUIUicia ui uiv wiuwi..
It is a simple proposition to parcel out tno
lands of the rebels by extending the homestead
law over them under the regulations of the (gen-
eral Land Office, a«d in pursuance of existing
laws of Congress on the subject of confiscation
and revenue. It is a proposition to make eflect-
ive for the benefit of the soldier, what Congress
has already done, and it will at once test the sin-
cerity of every man who professes to be the sol-
dier's friend. I submit to gentlemen upon the
other side of the House that now is the favored
opportunity, the accepted time,for them to show
their faith by their woiks. Not to vote for this
bill, it seems to me, is to vote to continue the im-
mense monopoly of the soil in the revolted States
without which this rebellion would have been im-
possible. Not to vote for this bill is to vote that
northern speculators and monopolists shall con-
tinue to buy up the lands every day sold by tiie
Government for the non-payment of taxes, ana
thus make them the basis of new and frightful
monopolies. Not to vote for this bill is to write
one's self down the enemy of the common sol-
dier, whose valor has covered him with glory oil
