1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. HOWARD. I will answer that question.
The Congress of the United States and the Ex-
ecutive have seen fit so to enact. They have
passed just such a law as that. Whether it is a
constitutional act has never been tested. I have
some doubts about it myself I confess, though I
do not sec any necessity for discussing that ques-
tion at this period.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i really cannot understand
the Senator from Michigan. The proposition
pending does not propose to naturalize any one
by virtue of a State law. We propose by an act
of Congress, an act of uniform operation, to make
certain persons subject to military duty; and by
way of illustration, I#said it was competent for
Congress to make them citizens. Congress has
repeatedly done it. Several of the naturalization
law3 have-declared persons in the country at a
certain period, and who took part in the defense
of the country, to be citizens of the United States.
This is not a proposition to allow the States to
make citizens of the United States, but it is a prop-
osition of Congress declaring that persons who
take part in the Administration of the Govern-
ment of the country shall be liable to military
duty.
Mr. HOWARD. f think that perhaps the
Senator from Illinois did not understand me. He
perhaps was not attending to my remarks. What
X said, or intended to say, was that the power of
every nation in carrying on war is restrained to
its own citizens m reference to the rendition of
military service. They can call upon their own
citizens, and their own citizens only, to render
that service. That is the ground on which I start,
as a principle of national law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not agree with the
Senator from Michigan as to the national law. I
think a nation may call upon all persons within
its jurisdiction to rally to its defense, and it is not
necessary that they should be citizens of the coun-
try; but that is not the point: the question here is
whethei, when foreigners have voluntarily placed
themselves under the protection of the Govern-
ment and token part in its administration, we may
not compel thorn to perform military service.
I may state that this proposition is in harmony
with the recommendation of the President, which
was to subject to military duty all persons who
voted at elections. It has been stated to mc by
the Senator from Pennsylvania that possibly this
amendment ought to be modified or changed so
as only to make liable those persons wfio vote at
municipal elections under State or territorial au-
thority; that as it is woided—I have not it before
me at this moment—itmight include persons who
voted at corporate elections. If so, it ought to be
changed.
Mr. CLARK. That cannot be the meaning
of the word " voting."
Mr. TRUMBULL. No change is necessary,
if that is not the meaning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to amend the
section adopted as in Committee of the "Whole
on my motion, hy adding the words stiicken out
in committee. I desire to make one mote effort
to increase the amount of the commutation. I
think that without this amendment this bill
amounts to nothing, or to very little. I therefore
submit the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiomOhio moves at the end ot line twenty-one
it) the section vefeired to by him, after the word
" calls," to insert the words, " and the. maximum
of commutation under this act shall hereafter be
$500, instead of $300."
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not at this late hour
intend to detain the Senate, nor would I move this
amendment but that I feel the importance^ it.
The bill as it now stands is not very material. I
have rend over this bill, and I believe it discharges
from enrollment more persons than it places on
the list; that is, the second section, which gives
States credit for the number of persons who arc
now in the naval service, I believe, will give a
credit for a number 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not those now ill service,
but those hereafter enlisted in the naval service
are to be credited.
Mr. SHERMAN' J^°'  those now in service.
Mr. WILSON. That have been enrolled.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; those that have been
enrolled the States getcrcdit for. I thinkthe num-
ber of persons included in the second section will
be neai ly as great as those who were in the old law
subject to exemption on account of the care of
parents and the like. I think the number will not
materially differ, so that I think there is no sub-
stantial, no striking, marked difference between
the two that makes this bill so preferable to the
old law. There are some amendments wisely
adopted; I have no objection to them, hut there
is no marked difference between the old enroll-
ment law which Senators have complained over
and over again failed, which the Department con-
sidered as having failed, and the proposed law.
I think wc ought to increase the commutation if
we do not avoid it entirely. I therefore submit
this amendment. It has already been sufficiently
discussed  %
Several Senators. Make it $400.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think $500 is too
much, but it is within the power of the Senate to
make it §400 if they choose.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, I have
favored the consciiption law; I have voted for it
qnd have spoken in favor of it; but I shall feel
constrained to vote against the bill now pending
in its present shape. It is no conscription lasv.
It is a revenue measure, not a cunsciiption law,
and it will not bring troops into the field, and I
shall at the proper time move an amendment to
the title of the bill. With proper regard to the
courtcsics of legislation, I think that amendment
should be adopted, and then the title of the bill
would read, "A bill to raise a tax of $300 by lot-
tery from certain able-bodied men who are unwill-
ing to enter the military service of the United
States." That is precisely what the bill is—no
more, no less.
I shall not repeat my arguments about the $300
commutation clause; it is unnecessary to do so.
I will state, however, that if you pass this bill in
this shape you will get no men under it. When
the time comes to move in the spring campaign
you must have more troops in the Held than you
now have. I will show you the great injustice
of the bill as itnow stands as affecting the people
of my own State. The State of Indiana has filled
*up by volunteering her full quota. The State of
Vermont, and, perhaps, the State of Rhode Isl-
and, have done the same thing. A call has been
made for three hundred thousand troops. Indi-
ana has placed her vol mi tee is in the field. At the
same time we say thnt the State of Pennsylvania
—I only use the name of that State for illustra-
tion—or any other State which does not fill her
quota by volunteering may buy an exemption for
$300. In other words, you require the personal
service, the blood, it may he the life of the biave
volunteers of my State, and you tell the people of
other States, whose patriotism has not been so
ai dent as to fill their quota, that they discharge
their full duty by paying $300.
Suppose, if you please, that in the next spring
campaign the Indinna volunteers shall march to
the frontiers of Geoiaria; a great battle is fought:
they are ovei powered by superior numbers, and
they fall by thousands; what answer is it when
these people ask why your armies were notfilled
to tell them that certain patriotic sections of the
country have bought exemption for $300? Sir,
this is simply a bill to pre\ent the operation of a
draft, 1 am in fa\ or of a consciiption law, and
would voto for it; but I will not vote for this most
expensive, most cumbeisome, and mo<u demoral-
izing system of taxation that has ever been de-
vised upon nni til, and that is to assess arbitrarily
by lottery $300 upon the man who is so imfoitu-
nate as to be dialled. 1 atn opposed to all com-
mutation. I shall not vote to increase it to $500.
I would rather vote to make it five dollars or one
dollar, and bring it within the leach of all, rich
and poor, to buy their exemption if they choose.
We need soldiers, and this is a imh'aiy bill re-
ported by the Military Committee. After it come?
into tin.' Senate an amendment is mover! to strike
out the report of thatcommiltce; and itis favored
by the chairman of the committee. I am free to
admit that he opposed this icpeal all the while in
the committee.
But if you are to have a conscription law, make
it effective; do not leave it a mockery. I will vote
for no such vicious and demoudiznig system of
taxation as this. T shall vote against (lie whole
measure, with the perfect cor.fidcuce that in less
than three moi th3 this SuuU.- will p'^s a con-
scription bill which shall be effective for the pur-
poses intended by it,and which shall not deceive
the people by proposing to raise men on the one
side and offering to allow the purchase of exemp?
tion by the payment of $300 on the other. If yoq
pass a conscription bill which will fill the ranks
of your armies and thus satisfy the confederate
States in rebellion and satisfy the world that we
are going to use the whole physical power of the
Government to crush out this rebellion, you wity
do more toward that object than by any other
means; but if you pass this bill I shall regard it
as more disastrous to the country than a reverse
to our armies in the field. You simply say that
instead of calling upon the whole power of the
country to defend the country you will suffer the
men whose patriotism isat fault, who lag behind,
who do not fill their quota by volunteering,to be
fully exempted on the payment of $300. I ap-
prehend nothing: but the most disastrous conse-
quences to result from such legislation as this.
Nor is the war over. Calculate the chances of
reverses. It may last for years. I care not how
many years it may last. I will fight it out to the
bitter end; and I ask this Senate to rise to the
height of this great argument, to remember whai
the country expects and what God demands.
is not a paltry sum of $300, but, if needs be, it is
the life of every able-bodied citizen in the Re-
''"The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended by the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to take the amendment as it wag
amended yesterday. His first proposition was to
make the commutation $500. That was reduced,
on motion of the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Harris,] to $100; and it stood in that position
whentheentire clause was erased from the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to get at the
sense of the Senate, feeling myself impressed with
the justice of my amendment. I offer now what
1 conceive to be the right sum; but if the Senate
think $400 better, they can vote down my piop-
osition, and the Senator can offer another, making
the sum $400. 1 prefer to stand by what 1 con-
sider to be the correct sum. If the Senate disa-
gree with me, as a matter of course the proposi-
tion to fix it at $400 can he made just as it was
HMr^FESSENDEN. Tiieonly ohjeciion I luue
to it, and which weighs on my mind, is the one
which 1 have stated when the Senator ollered thiw
proposition in Committee of the Whole. It was
one derived from our experience an this subject.
We made $300 the maximum m the lormer bill.
The result was that the maximum was offered,
and to veterans with theaddition of the $100 which ^
was befoie given as bounty by the War Depart-
ment. Then when it became advisable to oiler
premiums for volunteering, they arrived nt those
premiums in the same way. Now, if we should
raise this sum to $500, and it should be again de-
cided by the War Department or the Executive
that it was better to pioceed by way of offt ring
piemiums, my idea is that the amount we fix by
way of commutation will form the prccise rule by
which they will arrive at the sum to be offered as
premium, as it did before.
My habit of thought here in the Senate prob-
ably arises from the exclusiveness to which my
attention has been devoted to the suhjcct of money;
and perhaps that may have narrowed my Mews
in a very considerable, degree. I have been, how-
over, in the habit of thinking that that which lay
at the bottom of the whole struggle was the ability
to meet the expenditures of the war, and so to
conduct our affairs that at no time should we be
left in a position in which we had not th«  means
to carry on the war. I saw, or I believed I sow.
that if that time should come, we should find the
severest blow that could possibly be struck by us
or anybody else had been stiuck at the Miecess
(if anything in the world could prevent it) of the
war which we are carrying on at the present lime.
That forms my only objection to this proposi-
tion. 1 admit there is something in the argument
which my friend from Ohio has adduced, that
owing to the expansion of the currency th<  $500
would not probably be larger than the $300 was
at the time we passed the bill. I do_ not think
theie is that difference between that period oi tunc
