1MB (XXffjGBESSIOMb GLOBE.
June 24,
jsay, to the Senator that the water in that receiv-
" n% reservoir was purer before they let the water
into it from the river than it is now; ;and so far
from the river water having t>een .disturbed or
made impure by water washed from the receiving
reservoir, the latter is disturbed by its connection
with the Potomac, and the water we get is mud-
dier now.than it was before they put the Poto-
• ma<?^vater into that reservoir; 1 know the fact,
for I have used the water on both occasions.
You .are not going to remedy, the turbidness of
your water by changing the plan. The water in
the Potomac is actually dirtier than that .in the
receiving reservoir before it was put into it.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator does not know
how accurate he is on that subject. It is a sub-
ject that'was investigated by the committee; we
hereon the spot; and J have got a couple of bot-
tles of water which I brought down, one from
the Potomac at the Great Falls and one out of
this receiving reservoir. The one taken at the
Great Falls is what would fairly be called pure
water. The om> taken at the receiving reservoir
is puddle water. That is the difference upon act-
ual observation.
Mr. CLARK. I have got a much better test
th'an taking a little water from these two reser-
voirs at a lime. That would bo just as you hap-
pened to find the resorvoir or happened to find the
river at the given time. If the river was com-
paratively pure when you got the water from the
„ river and the other was tuibid, you would have
exactly the difference. I can tell the Senator that
1 have a better tost. I used the water from the
receiving rrservoir all winter.
Mr. MORRILL. This winter?
Mr. CLARK. No, winters ago; and I have
used the water from the liver this winter, and I
say it was better before than it lias been since,
you have pat the water from the river into it.
Mr. MORRILL. I am told that is so, and I
can readily give the explanation. If you com-
pare the water in the receiving reservoir now
'with the water in the receiving reservoir two
years ago, the water in the receiving reservoir
to-day is not so good, is not so clear as it was
two years ago. What docs that prove? That
it is better than the water in the Potonmc? No.
It proves that the water to-day in the receiving
reservoir i3 not so pure as it was two years ago.
The Senator assumes that it ia by reason of hav-
ing impure water from the Potomac let into it.
The fact is, and such was the evidence before
the committee, that since the water from the Po-
tomac has been poured into the receiving reser-
voir, tiie water lias not been so pure, and the
reason is that a strong current is cieatcd by the
water from the Potomac running into the water
in the reservoir, and the current foices up the
mud from the bottom. It creates a current against
the exterior surface, which is an unprotected
surface, a bank surface,clay bank principally, of
about fifteen thousand feet. The effect of this
strong current coming in from the X>otomac un-
doubtedly is to stir it up, and that accounts for
precisely the state of facts to which the Senator
from New Hampshire bears testimony; but it
does not account for the fact, which 1 found upon
examination, that the water in the Potomac when
there lias been no ieccnt storm is not turbid, it
is clear water. The vvatei in the receiving res-
ervoir undoubtedly when it had time to rest
would ordinarily be tolerably clear water; but I
do not think it needs an argument to show that
when a natural ravine is turned into a receiving
reservoir into which you force two hundred thou-
sand gallons of water a day, and subject that to the
flow of the water which comes from the surface
of the country, you cannot cxpect pure water
from such a fountain as that. Now, the object of
the engineer is, and it is exactly in harmony with
tlie old plan, having reached the fountain, no
longer to be compelled to rely on this ravine, but
just to take your fountain around it, so that when
the water in the Potomac is pure you take it di-
rectly from the Potomac and never pass itthrough
this receiving reservoir. In that way you allow
time to fill your distributing reservoir and ailow
time for the water to rest. I think the honorable
Senator will find if he examines the matter as
closely as I have done that these are the facts.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know but that I have
examined it as closely as the Senator, though it
is very true that I have not got the water in a bot-
tle, Rut wo have got one fact by the admission
of the Senator from Maine, and that is that from
some cause or other the water in the receiving
reservoir was purer before the Potomac was let
into it than it is now. He says that letting the
water.from the Potomac into the receiving reser-
voir has stir-red the water upand made it turbid.'
Where does the Senator propose to have it conic
in by his new .plan?
Mr. MORRILL. Not at all into the receiving
reservoir.
Mr. CLARK. Into what reservoir?
Mr. MORlllLL. The distributing.
Mr. CLARK. And what is that? Is not that*
all a ground bottom? Will it notstirthatupjust
as much ?
Mr. MORRILL. That is protected by the
sides.
Mr. CLARK. -Protected by what? Nothing
but earth sides and earth bottom.
Mr. MORRILL. That shows how little com-
prehension the honorable Senator has of the work.
That is nil I can say.
Mr. CLARK. Will the Senator tell me ?
Mr. MORRILL. I have stated twice particu-
larly in reply to my honorable friend from Iowa
how it stands. He complained that the distributing
reservoir was designed to be walled in entirely,
so that the wash of the water and the movement
of the water are not to disturb the earth at all.
The design is to make it a reservoir, to make it,
in the common acceptation of the term, a place
of rest for the water, and there is to be no current
in it, no stream in it from the outside.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that. Isit walled
in at the present time?
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK, isitnotearth unprotected now?
Mr. MORRILL. There is no water in it.
Mr. CLARK. It is merely a placc dug out of
the earth.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no water in it, and
never has been.
Mr. CLARK. Now, suppose we pave the bot-
tom of that, make it as the Senator designs- 
Mr. MORRILL. Not pave the bottom of it.
Mr. CLARK. I understand it is to be walled
in, and he proposes also to pave the bottom of it
Mr. MORJULL. No.
Mr. CLARK. At any rate, he nioposes to
rubble the sides. Now, suppose you let the water
conic first into the receiving reservoir and stand
there holden by the gates; it there settles some-
what, and then you let it out into the distributing
reservoir; will it not settle there just as well as
though you took it right from the Potomac if you
adopt the plan they propose? Now, if the place
where the water comes into the receiving reser-
voir is not properly protected, so that the water
casts up the dnt, you can protectit so thatitwill
not wash, you can bring it into your receiving
reservoir where it comes now, according to the
original plan, and then you can take it into the
distributing reservoir. In my judgment this is
nothing but a scheme of an engineer to expend
§200,000, nearly a quarter of a million, on some
new plan which will in the end bring the water
into the same reservoir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will Lhe Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly. %
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it contemplated to
abandon the Potomac as the souice of supply ?
Mr. CLARK. Not at all in any case.
Mr. I1ENDIUCK*S. I thought that was the
argument of the Senator.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all. The water from
the Potomac comes into what is called the receiv-
ing reservoir. It is to be taken from that, ac-
cording to the original plan, into the distributing
reservoir, und thcie settle. This proposition is
to take it fiom the Potomac directly into the dis-
tributing reservoir without going into the receiv-
ing reservoir in the first place,as I understand it.
But the main point, Mr. President, without
arguing as to the receiving reservoir one way or
the other, is that we have expended $3,000,000 to
supply water to this city, and we have got an
abundant supply, "such as it is, for the purpose
of extinguishing fires, for the purpose of washing
the streets, and for many other purposes; and that
being the case I submit to the Senate—and that
is the consideration which forced itself upon the
Committee on Finance—whether it is wise now
to expend $150,000 to change the plan at the pres-
ent time. Have we not done enough already,
and is it wise in the presentconditkm of the coun-
try to expend $150,000 for what may be at least
a doubtful experiment? That is-the point. The
committee thought it was not wise to do'it. The
committee do not design to throw-any obstacle i*i
the way of the final completion of the aqueduct
or of any attempt that may be made to give us
good water; but as we have expended $3,000*000
already the committee say that it is not wise at
the present time to expend $150,000 this year for
what may be at least problematical.
The Senator from Maine says the Potomac is
low in the summer season. That may be very
true; but had we any difficulty last summer? if
these leservoirs are in proper situations will it not
afford an abundant supply of water such as it is?
and is there any necessity for building a stone
dam for the purpose of getting water at this time?
The question is upon these two items, whether
we will appropriate $100,000'to make this altera-
tion and $50,000 for this dam, or whether we will
appropriate $50,000 or some other proper sum to
continue the work. I hope the amendmentofthe
committee will prevail.
Mr. JOHNSON. We have spent, I believe,
$3,000,000 and we have a supply of water; but no
one who has been here this year can fail to be
satisfied that it is not such water as we expected
to get,and all those who know anything about the
Potomac river must also be satisfied that the Po-
tomac river is capable of supplying us with very
good water. Now, I do not understand that it is
proposed to abandon the enterprise. The Sena-
tor from New Hampshire is satisfied with what
we have and is not dispose^ to expend any more
money in trying to improve what we have at this
time.
Mr. CLARK. I have not said that I was sat-
isfied with what We had. I think it is not wise
to expend money to make this alteration at this
time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I mean the Senator is satis-
fied under the circumstances; he will not try to
make it better.
Mr. CLARK. N.ot by this expenditure.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the Senator^
fiom Ohio (and in that it seems to me he is per-"*
fectly correct) as objecting to the appropriation
as it comes from the House of Representatives
on the ground that it will notanswer the purpose
for which the appropriation is asked, and he
founds that opinion upon a communication made
from the engineer since the appropriation was made
by the House of Representatives, dated May 24,
1864, in which the engineer says very corrccily
that as the appropriation made by the House is
$100,000 for one specific purpose,and$50,000 for
another specific purpose, it will not answer the
needs of tho wqrk, because there are a good
many other expenditures that are to be met in
order to keep the work in a proper and useful
condition; superintendents are to be provided for,
watchmen arc to be provided for, outstanding
accounts unsettled are to be paid, none of which
can be done under the appropriation in the form
in which it is made by the House of Represent-
atives. I give notice, therefoie, to my friend from
Ohio and to the Senate that if the Senate shall
strike out the appi opriation as made by the House
of Representatives, as I think should be done, I
shall then propose to insert as an amendment
these words:
For continuing the work on tlie Washington aqncduct,
$150,000.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that as I understand the rules his amend-
ment will not be in order unless it be proposed
by a committee, and therefore we had better ad-
here to the appropriation as it stands in the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member is
mistaken. The amendment that I suggest will
not increase tlie appropriation. Itis to amend an
appropriation, and therefore perfectly in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
is on the amendment of the Committee on finance.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they wwe oidered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 20, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs.. Buckalew, Ciaik, Coliamer, Cowan,
Fessenden, Foot, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Pomeroy, Powell, Richardson,
Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,-Councss,Dixon, Fo&ter, Har-
