1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
the first question will then lecur on agreeing to ;
the amendment to the amendment inserting four
instead of five, and if that is negatived, the ques- ]
tion will stand on the original proposition fixing I
$500.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky says he voted under a misapprehension.
Under those circumstances it is always custom-
ary, I believe,.to allow the vote to be taken over
again. I hope that will be done, and that we shall
then have a vote by yeas and nays on both piopo-
sitions.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment moved by the Sena-
tor from New York to the amendment, moved by
the Senator from Ohio, to strike our "five" and
insert " four."
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anthony. Cariile., Claik, ColJamei. Con-
ines, Cowan, D<ivi-.j Dixon, Doolittle, Foyemlcn,'Foot,
Foster, Halo, flatii^ Henriueks, Howard, Johnson, Lane
ot Indiana. Lane of Kansas Morrill, Powell, Sniil-bmy,
Trumbull, Van Wmkic, YVilley, "Wilson, ami VViltrhr—-27.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown. Buekalcw. (Mi.unllei, Grim''<,
Harding, Harlan, Henderson, Ilovvr. Mors-nn. Nf-initlt.
Ramsey, Sherman, Sumner, Ten Eyck,\Vaik'. and Wilkin-
son—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agieed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Ohio as amended upon the motion of
the Senator from NewYoik,and upon this ques-
tion the yeas and nays have been oidered. The
question is on substituting $400 as the maximum
price of commutation in the place of $300 as it now
stands.
4 The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 19j as follows:
YEAS — Mes-srs. 13'own, Chandler, Claik. Collamer.
Doolittle, Feff-enclen, Foot. Foster, Hah1, Hanlmcr.. Hai inn,
Hairis, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Moigan, Mouill.
mith, Ramsey, Sheunan, Suinnej, Wade,and Wihou—-22.
NAYS—Mes^is. Anthonv, Duckalew, Cailile, Conner,
Cowan, Davis, Devon, Henderson. Uenduck*?, Howard,
Lane of Indiana. Powell, SauNbuty. Spiague, Ten Eyeki
Tuimbull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wright—19.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer. It lias been submitted to the chair-
man of the Committee gn Military Affairs, and
there is no objection to it:
jfyd be it finthet enuctcd, That the fifteenth section of
the act to which thn e- amendatory he so amended that it
will read as follows: " That ;m\ j-unji'ou chained with tile
duty of such inspection who ^li.UI receive J'emi anv peison
wliouboov'T an\ money or othet valuable thm^ ot a^ree,
drreetlv or ind needy, to i eceive the same, to In- own or an-
other's u e, foi makunj an imperfect inspection or <i lal-e oi
ineoneet icpott.or who siiail w11!(i 1 j\ ne^ln-t to make a
faiihtul inspection and tine repoit.and each member ol the
boaid of phi oil men t\\ ho shall willtulis airrje to thedi-cliaige
from service ot any dtalfed pei-on who b not h«j.illy ami
propel ly entitled to "-neb di^cliaise, shall be tt u;d bv a com t-
martial, and on conviction thereof be pum hed in a line
not le-s than $30U and not more than £10,000, and shall be
imprisoned at the di-cietion of the couit, and b" cai-lueied
or dismissed the ^eivioe."
Mr. JOHNSON. Docs that apply to surgeons
in tlie Army alone?
Mr. HOWE. Surgeons of the hoard of en-
rollment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is all right.
Mr. JOHNSON. It may be nil n-ht, but the
suggestion I was about to make was whether it
be advisable- to try by court-martial 
Mr. HOWE., The law as it now stands pro-
vides for that mode of uial.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
Mi. LANE, of Indiana. If I understood the
argument of the honorable Senator fiom Maine,
[Air. Fes«enden>] either he or myself very much j'
misapprehends this whole bill. I understood that j]
his aigument proceeded on the ground that al- ;;
though the $300 exemption was paid, the States !!
were still bound to furnish their quotas respect- jj
ively without regard to that. If I am correctly
informed, under the operation of the old consei ip- j j
tion law (and I suppose it will be the same under jj
this bill) every single exemption on payment of j|
$300 was counted as pan of the quota of the State 'i
in which the man lived who paid the money. 1
so understand, and for the correctness of the po-
sition I appeal to those more familiar with the
subject than I am. Instead of taking on a double
burden, the quota of those States whose citizens
do not volunteer but buy their exemptions from
thp draft by the payment of $300 is considered
filled by paying the $300 precisely as much as by
putting a man in the field.
Mr. C9WAN. I do not know how that fact
was; byt I thmk before the drawing in Pennsyl-
vania, a certain number of men was required as
her quota, fifty percent, was added to that num-
ber, and then the drawing took place. This
drawing was made out of the enrollment before
it was purged of any exemptions whatever. They
drew on til! they drew the number called for, and
fifty per rent, additional, and then stopped.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Notwithstanding
those who had paid ?
Mr. COWAN. They drew a certain number
of men. If some paid, very well ; if not, other-
wise. If nobody paid and nobody was exempt
for physicaldisabihty or for any other reason au-
thorized by the law, then they would have had
not only the number called for, but fifty per cent,
more. They drew the number called for, and
fifty per cent, additional,and then stopped.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Was not every man
who paid $300 counted m making up t he quota of
ihat State as one furnished to the Army? That is
the question
Mr. COWAN. That question did not arise.
They drew the number of men called for, and
they diew fifty per cent, more, but it was not ques-
tioned whether the quota was made up in men or
whether it was made up in men and money, so
far .is 1 have understood.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how the
fact may he as to what construction was put upon
tli i.s portion of the law at the War DeptUtment;
I have not heard. 1 was only speaking of my
own consti uction. I regard this pi ivilege of pay-
ing $300 and being exempted thereby merely as
a personal piiviJegc. The Government calls for
so many m -n from a State. 11 provides that any
one man who pays a cettatn amount may com-
mute hy paying that amount, and that goes into
the Treasury, or goes into the hands of the War
Department to procure a substitute; but I remem-
ber nothing in the law winch snys in any way that
that shall excuse the State from furnishing tire
number of men called for. By way of illustra-
tion, let mo suppose (though it is an abstud sup-
position as a matter of fact) that everybody all
over the United States paid the commutation, we
should he without men, and the Government
would be hfi to get men by volunteering, and the
draft wuuld be at an end. Nobody can put that
construction upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. They have done it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 'The Senator I suppose
undeistands so, but I doubt it very much, and if
tiny have put ihat construction upon it, 1 doubt
very much whether it is the correct construction.
To be sure, I )m\c not scrutinized the law care-
fully so as to give an opinion upon this point as
a lawyer, but I nevci had that idea for a single
moment; and hem e 1 contended that the business
of the Government was, when the first diaft
failed to give the number of men requned, to go
on diafting until they got it. There was perfect
authoiity lor that. The law can be turned to by
any gentleman, and let him see if ho can find any-
thing m ^t which says that a man paying the ^300
shall" be credited to the State towaid the number
of men called tor fiom the State. There is noth-
ing of that sort in the low.
Mr. JOHNSON. The opinion of the Depart-
ment is otherwise, as I understand.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 wish to know what is
the question before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the amendment moved by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe.]
Mr. COLLAMER. This discussion seems to
hav.' nothing to do with that.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wish to say a single word on
the amendment before the Senate. I am in favor
of its principle decidedly, and if the Senator from
Wisconsin will make the civil courts the tribunal
to try the offenses that it lucogmzes, I shall vote
for it with a girat deal of pleasure. j
Mr. ANTHONY.^ They are military officers. ■
Mr. DAVIS. I do not so understand.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly they are.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I have nothing further to j
say, i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from W iscon-
sin.
Mr. HOWE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that this amend-
ment moved by the Senator from Wisconsin sim-
ply imposes the same punishment upon the en-
rolling officer that it imposes upon the surgeon.
Mr. HOWE. It increases the penalty.
Mr. WILSON. And it increases the penalty
slightly. At the time we passed the oi iginal act,
the emollmg officer was regarded as a temporary
person employed lor a short time; but as he is
now necessarily employed throughout the year,
and will be while the war lasts,there is no reason
why he should not be put under the same restric-
tions that the surgeon is. He is part of the board.
1 think the measure right, and I hope it will be
adopted.
Mi. HOWARD. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Massachusetts m reference to the
necessity of amending the fifteenth section of the
eonseiiption law. The boaid consists of three
peisoris; one of these persons is a surgeon, but
while acting upon the boaid he has no more au-
thority than any other member of the board; and
this boaid, acting jointly, is the tribunal to which
are referred ali cpu stions iWatmg to causes of ex-
emption. Now, the law as it stands, the law of
1863, inflicts a very seveie punishment upon the
surgeon foi misconduct in the examination of re-
cruits,but it inflicts no punishment at all upon other
members of the board who are guilty, perhaps,
of conduct equally corrupt, equally icpiehensi-
ble. It seems to be a casus omissus in the old
statute, which, it appears to me, ought to be sup-
plied. That is the sole purpose, to put all the
members of the board on the same level as to
guilt and as to punishment.
Mt. DAVIS. 1 do not consider that the other
membeis of the enrulling board than the surgeon
aie in the military sei vice of the United States. I
regard them as civilians performing an isolated
miiitai y duty; and I do not believe that they can
be ptoperly made subject to punishment by a
military tribunal.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 dissent entirely from the view
taken of this subject by the Senator from Ken-
tucky. I regaid the entire board as being in the
military service of the United States under the
Constitution, and subject to martial law, subject
to be tiied and punished by court-martial; but it
is too Uite in the day to argue that question; I
simply rose to •state my dissent from the view
which the Senator from Kentucky takes of it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays 7; as follows:
YJ.AS—Messrs.. Anthony, Biown ('handlei. Claik. Col-
lann'i, Connes-s, Cow an. Dixon. Doolittle, Fcs^enden, Foot,
Foster, Crimes. Hale, Ihiiian. Il.tnis, Hcnde^on, Howard,
Hom\.loluiM>n, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas. Morgan,
W-mith. JvaniH'y, Sherman. Simmer, Ten Eyck. Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiiie\, and Wilson—33.
NAYS—Me^rs. Buckalew, Davjs, Ilaidiu^, Hendricks,
Powell. SauMmry, and Wright—?,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, whether the
Senator from Maine is correct or not in the proper
construction of the act of last session in the par-
ticular to which he has alluded, I am not pre-
pared to say. I have not looked at the law re-
cently, nor do I remembei that I have looked at
ir at all with a view to the particular question to
which he has rufeired; but my belief is that the
Department have put upon it (he interpretation
mentioned by the Senator from Indiana, and they
have done it upon the theory that the payment of
<•,300 by the diafted person is equivalent to fur-
nishing a man. If Maryland, for example, has
eight thousand as her quota, and only four thou-
sand of them actually go into the field, either by
way of substitute or in person, and the other four
thousand pay each his ^300, Maryland's quota is
considered as full, because, according to the inter-
pretation put upon the law by the War Depart-
ment or by the President, the money is consid-
ered as equivalent to a man.
I can readily see that very groat mischief may
he the result of that construction: hut I am not
prepared to say that the c.ousti uction is not right.
If it be right, it is a mischief that I think conse-
quent upon that construction, that oughtto b<- cor-
rected, Itwouidseem to be but just, if the $300,
or the $.400 as we have made it now, procures a
