1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon the committee so many questions as to
whether there were any lands now in a condition
to be disposed of under the bill if it becomes a
law. I would have Congress pass this law if
there was not an inch of Sand m possession of
Government under previous laws. We have rea-
son to believe there will be thousands and mil-
lions of arres, and possibly within the next six
months. I do not know how soon or how late
we may get possession of these lands, nor is that
the business of Congress. But it is wise, it is
proper, it is just, that a provision should be made
for the disposition of such lands, should any come
into the possession of the Government of the Uni-
ted States under either of the two acts named in
this bill. These two laws, as I have said, are now
in existence, making provision for the forfeiture
of these lands, and are wise provisions, too; and
this third one, containing provisions for the dispo-
sition of these lands, is something which necdsand
demands the action of Congress. I hope it will
become a law. 1 move the previous question.
Mr. COX called for tellers on seconding the
previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Higby were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50, noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the passage
of the Dili.
Mr. PENDLETON" called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Miosis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Andei.son, A*h-
lpy, John D. Baldwin, Bavt^r, Bc:un:m, ftoutivHI, Boyd,
Brandegec.', Broomal), Ainlno^e VV. Clark, Fieemun Clarke,
Cole, Ures w( il, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Deming,
Diiggs, Famsworth, Fenton, Garfield, Goooh, Gunncll,
Hale, fligby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, A.-ahel W. Hubbard, John
II. Hubbaid, llulburd, Jenckes, Julian,Kdley,Francis VV.
Kcllogu, Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear,
McBride,McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel b\ M)llui,Moorhc*ad,
Moirill, Daniel Morns, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nor-
ton, Chailes O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Porham,Pike, Poine-
roy, Puce, Alexander II. Rice, Jolm If. Rice, Scbenck, Sco-
lleld, Shannon, Sloan, Smitber,«, Spalding, Stevens, Tracy,
Upson, Van Vai ken burgb, Ehhu B. Waahbtirne, VVilltam U.
Wa-O) bum, Wilder, Wilson, Window, and Wood budge—75.
NAYS—Messrs William J, Allen. Ancona, 15aily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Jllij-s, Btookv, James S.
Brown, Wjtlinin C. Brown, (/hauler, Cotlroth, Cox. Daw-
son, Liien,Edgerlon, Eldi id^ Engi^h.Fitick, Gnd< r, Gus-
wold, Half, Hardmg, Ilauffuitoii, Benjamin (i. Hatiis
Heniek, IIutelims, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalb-
lleiscli, ICeinan, King, Law, Ltizear,Long, Malloi y. Marey,
McAllister, McDowell, McKumey, Midilleton, William U.
Miller, James R. Morris, Moru.-on, Nelson, Noble, Udell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Robnt-on, James S. Kol-
1ms, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Slu.nt,
Thomas, Vooihees, Wads-worth, Whaley, Wheeler, Fer-
nando Wood, and Teaman—64.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. ELIOT stated that on this vote he was
paired off with Mr. Knapp, otherwise he would
have voted " ay."
Mr. J. W. WHITE stated that he was paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Eckley, otherwise he
would have voted "no."
Mr. SWEAT stated that he was paired off with
his colleague, Mr. Blaine.
Mr. FRANK stated that he was paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Ganson.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A REPRESENTATIVE FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. i have had handed to me the credentials of
T. M. Jacks, pui porting to have been clected as
a Representative from the State of Arkansas. 1
desire that they shall be read and referred to the
Committee of Elections.
The papers were read, and referred accordingly.
RAILROADS TO NEW YOIUC.
The SPEAKER announced as the business
next in order the consideration of the bill known
as the Rantan and Delaware bay railro'ad bill, the
question being on the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
Mr. WILSON. I desire to modify my amend-
ment by substituting for it the following:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert as fol
lows :
Rvciy railroad company in the United State* whose toad
Is npeiated hy -team, sueeusbois am! assign4*, be ami is
hereby authorized to carry upon and over its road, con-
nections, boats, bridges, and teiries, all freight, property,
maiis, baggage, troops, and Government supplies, on their
way from any State to another State, and to receive com-
pensation therefor. <
Mr. DEMING. I wish, on behalfof the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to accept the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Iowa.
The SPEAKER. It is not within the power
of the gentleman from Connecticut to accept it.
He may signify his desire to (Jo so.
Mr. DEMING. My desire is that it shall be
accepted.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, when I
took the floor o'n this bill several weeks since, it
was pressed with a great deal of vigor by the gen-
tleman who reported it from the Committee on
Military Affairs. I have not observed, since that
time, so much activity in pressing this bill. If
it be the intention of gentlemen to abandon the
bill, if they are willing that itshall be indefinitely
postponed, or to have it laid on the table, I have
no desire to trespass on the attention ofthe House.
I do not know whether there is any intention to
press this bill to a vote.
Mr. DEMING. It certainly is my intention.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, when I
took the floor before I said that I had no knowl-
edge of the facts connected with this bill, except
as they appear upon the papers which have been
presented to the House. I take no interest in it
exceptas it is a question of power in the Federal
Government, and consequently of the reserved
powersof the States. 1 shall not stop for one mo-
ment to inquire into the patriotism of the State
of New Jersey, which has been somewhat im-
peached during this discussion, or the wisdom of
her action or legislation in reference to the rail-
road companies within her borders. It is to me
a matter of entire indifference whether private
and personal interests will be advanced or not by
the passage or rejection of this bill. I have not
given to that branch of the subject the least atten-
tion. I did not consider it pertinent to the mat-
ters that are under discussion. I have never been
able to bring myself to the conclusion that this
House lias the constitutional power to pass this
bill, and consequently I have never come to the
consideration of the question as to whether it is
expedient or whether personal interests or the
commercial interests of the Stale of New Jersey
will be affected.
The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wood-
bridge,] who spoke last upon this bill, it seems
to me wandered very far from the subject, andin
wandering from the subject diminished the force
of his very clear and lucid legal argument by the
introduction of considerations which I know his
candor will lead him to say were not legitimate
to the debate. He told us that the management
of this New Jersey railroad was very bad; that
its prices were high; that its servants were un-
civil; that passengers were troubled about their
baggage; that they could notgettickets when and
wheie they pleased, and were subject to divers
other annoyances. He told us that this load is a
monopoly. Well, sir, I do not admit that it is a
monopoly. But suppose it js. If the; interests
of commerce are subserved by ii, does the fact
that it is a monopoly give to this House the least
power over it?
The gentleman told us that one of these rail-
roads, having retained the money received for
through fares, was obliged to account to the Cam-
den and Amboy Railroad Company for a portion
of its profits. Sir, I deny that that is the fact;
but if it were, is not the liability of one corpora-
tion in a State to account to another corpoiation
in the same State a fit subject for the judicial in-
vestigation and final determination of the tribunals
of the State, subject, of course, to the ordinary
rules of review in the Federal courts, if a proper
case for review shall be made?
The gentleman told us, also, that this corpora-
tion is a great instrument of electioneering power
in the State of New Jersey, by which Governois
of the State are elected and members of Congress
are sent here. Well, sir, if by means of this ma-
chinen^ Governors are elected for the State of
New Jersey, that is a question for New Jersey
and not for us, and if by that means, or by other
illegitimate means, the election of members of
Congress is influenced, that is a question to be
determined by this House on a contest for seats.
The gentleman also told us that the taxes im-
posed upon this railroad company went'into the
treasury of the State of New Jersey. W ell, sir,
suppose they do; is it notcompetent for New Jer-
sey to tax her own, railroads in her own Way aftd
to increase her revenue as much as she can by
this species of taxation ? ' * "
The gentleman said that a proposition had been
made in the Legislature of New Jersey to repeal
the charters of these two roads in case this bill
should pass. Well, sir, is not the granting or re-
peal of a charter within the power of that State?
And if this bill shall pass and be held valid a re-
peal of these charters by the Legislature will not
injure either the companies or the State. This
bill, if it is good for anything, is effective to ex-
tend the powers and maintain the corporate ex-
istence of those companies in defiance of a repeal
by the State. If I were a member of the Legis-
lature of that State and held the opinion which j[
do as to the power of this Congress to pass this,
bill, I would urge the speedy repeal of these
charters. I would bring to a final and conclusive
test the validity of this law before the proper
judicial twbunal.
But, sir, the gentleman had only just gone that
far into the discussion oWhis question ofthe Cam-
den and Amboy railroad when the amiable gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mi-.Washburne,] with a feli-
city ofargumentation and of diction which is all his
own, and with a grace of manner only equaled by
his fervency ofspirit, intervened to say that he had
heard of some Legislature in which a proposition
had been made to punish by fine ana imprison-
ment any person who should undertake toenlist
negro soldiers in the State; and then, with that
desire for knowledge which always characterizes
that gentleman, turned to the gentleman from
Vermont and gravely asked him whether he
could inform him in what State it was that such a
proposition was made.
Well, sir, the gentleman from Vermont gravely
turned round and said he believed it was the Le-
gislature of New Jersey; and thereupon the gen-
tleman from Illinois retired fiom the discussion,
seeming perfectly satisfied that he bad made an
unanswerable argument in support of the bill. He
resumed his seat with a self-satisfied smile, which
seemed to say, "If I cannotget satisfaction out of
the disloyal Legislature of New Jersey, I can at
least kick the Camden and Amboy Railroad Com-
pany." 1 was reminded of a picture which I onee
saw in Punch, intended to represent England
after she had been discomfited in some European
arrangement, turning to whip the Chinese because
they would not take opium. John Bull is repre-
sented as a small boy wiping his eyes on his coat
sleeve, shaking his fist at the backs ofthe Emperors
of Russia and Austria and the King of the French,
who were giants in size and were coolly pursuing
their several ways, and taking great satisfaction ill
saying,with impotentrage, "IfI cannotwhip you,
1 can make faces at your sisters." [Laughter.]_
Sir, these considerations are unworthy of this
discussion. They are not pertinent to the ques-
tions involved. They ought to have no weight.
They are an attempt to obtain by an appeal to
our passions what could not be extorted from our
sound judgment. They do not deserve serious
refutation. I pass them without furtherreference.
I desire to state, as briefly and distinctly as I
can, the circuinstances under which we are called
upon to exercise this power. In 1830 the Legis-
lature of New Jersey incorporated the Camden
and Amboy Company. Immediately afterwards,
for a valuable consideration paid in hand by this
company, the State Legislature entered into a con-
tract that no competing line should be established
between New Yoik and Philadelphia across the
borders of New Jeisey. That contiact is a valid
one. It has been so decided by the courts of the
State of New Jersey m this very case. It has
been so decided in Massachusetts in the case of
the Boston and Lowell Railroad Company against
the Salem and Lowell Railroad Company, re-
ported m a Gruy. It has been so decided in the
Supreme Court of the United States, in 13 How-
ard, in the case of the Richmond Railroad Com-
pany against the Louisa Railroad Company.
As to the validity of that contract made between
the Legislature of New Jersey and this corpora-
tion,no one can raiseaquestion. The Legislature
desired to live up to ils obligation. Application
after application was made for the grant of a
