1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3231
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Seriate put on this
amendment we might as well put on thirty or
forty more, and i shall call for the yeas and nays
to test the sense of the Senate upon it. There
are many cases of this kind for new works,and in :
my judgment no new work ought to be entered
upon at the present time without at least having
a full estimate of the cost and the specifications
provided fur by law.
Mr. MORRILL. I have them here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has told us
that he has three more amendments of the same
sort, and there are others I know.
Mr. HALE. I want theSenator from Ohio to
tell us the difference between this proposition and
the appropriation of $50,000 for the custom-house
at Portland.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that was reported
from the Committee on Finance. The reasons
for it were not stated to the Senate, but I have
no doubt if they had been stated they would have
been entirely satisfactory to theSenator from New
Hampshire and to the Senate. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall vote against this
appropriation upon the ground suggested by the
Senator from Ohio. If we commence making ap-
propriations for new -works, unless it is some very
special case, 1 know that a great many motions
of this kind will be made. Several years ago an
appropriation of $50,000 was made for a court-
house and post office at Springfield in my State.
That money has never been expended; the appro-
priation has been suffered to lapse; and there are
parties who desire to have a movement in that be-
half again. Similar appropriations were made
for custom-bouses at other places; I agice that
this is not the time to make appropriations of this
character. I recollect very well that at the time
this appropriation was put on for Springfield in
Illinois there were quite a number of places desig-
nated as proper points for the erection of court-
houses, custom-houses, and post offices. I think
theie were a dozen put upon one appropriation
bill at one time. We shall have the same thing
over again now if we commence it; and as I know
nothing peculiar about this case, I trust the Sen-
ator will not put any of these appropriations on
this bill.
Mr. HOWE. I think if the Senator from Illi-
nois understood the facts in reference to this prop-
osition he would change his vote. There issome-
thing peculiar about it. Some seven years ago
Congress appropriated a suni of money to build
a light-house at this very point; but at that tune
the only business at that point was lumbering busi-
ness. The Government thought that a light-house
there would serve only a local and to some ex-
tent a private inteiest, and therefore they did not
make the expenditure. At the present time, how-
ever, a railroad is nearly completed fiom this
point, Point Peninsula, to Lake Supeiior; it will be
completed during the next month, and then a line
of boats will be put on to run nightly between the
northern terminus of the Northwestern railroad
and the southern terminus of tiie Peninsula road,
and without the advantages of these lights that
navigation will be very dangerous. In view of
this new and absolute necessity, the Light-House
Board have recommended the erection of this
light and one or two others; one at the mouth of
the Pox river, I understand, and one at a point
close by this.
Mr. MORRILL. The whole expenditure for
all the light-houses proposed by the Committee
does not exceed $40,000 or $45,000.
Mr. HOWE. The moment the road to winch
I have alluded is opened, that is to be a thorough-
fare for a large travel, and the whole of it must
be attended with great usk unless there can be
some lights erected there to guide the boats to the
landings.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
the issue is in this case? I understand the prop-
osition is to authorize the construction of three
more light-houses atun aggregate expense of about
forty-five thousand dollars. I think it is a vast
deal more important that we should furnish fa-'
cihties for commerce on the western lakes than
it was for us to pass an appropriation a hule whil#
ago of #750,000 to build fortifications on the north-
ern lakes. %
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not done that.
Mr. GRIMES. Lam happy to hear it. This:
is something that is necessary, t understand, from
the authority of the Treasury Department, to
promote the commerce of that region of country
which is being more and more increased and de-
veloped 'every year. New harbors are being
opened, and large amounts of agricultural prod-
ucts are being sent off from places that hitherto
have furnished no commerce at all. I am pre-
pared to vote for such a pioposition,especiallyin
view of the fact stated by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance that this is the only bill
upon which a proposition of this kind can be at-
tached. I understand from the Senator from
Maine who represents the Committee on Com-
merce that nil the appropriations that he has for
purposes of this kind, that is, peaceful and com-
mercial purposes, amount to about forty-five thou-
sand dollars, i think the Senate cannot do better
than agree to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce examined every application for a light-
house very closely, and outof the very numerous
applications they selected only those which were
indispensable in the opinion of the Department.
I think out of perhaps twenty or thirty applica-
tions they selected five. They examined very
carefully every single one, and would not recom-
mend a single one that could possibly be dispensed
with for a single year. I trust there $ili be no
votes cast against this amendment.' 1 shall be
very jnuch surprised if there is a single one.
Mr. HOWE. I desire merely to say to the
Senator from Ohio that he i<* advised now by the
Committee on Commerce that they "have only
three or four or five, at the outside, propositions
of this kind to submit, and these are recommended
by the Light-House Board and indorsed by the
Secretary of the Treasui y; and because the Senate
sees fit to adopt these amendments coming from
the standing committee of the Senate and from a
Department of the Government, it does not fol-
low that the Senate will be obliged to accept every
proposition that comes from individuals. The
Government itself—that Department of the Gov-
ernment which has chaige of these expenditures
—asks for thi.s appiopriation; and there is no
reason for lefusing this appropriation that does
not exist for refusing every single appropriation
m the bill. The necessity for making this appro-
priation, and the two others that are to follow U,
I personally know is ns great as for making any
appropriation in this bill.
Air. SHERMAN. It is very manifest that I
shall he voted down on this proposition; and as
I simply wisli to make my caveat against the erec-
tion of new works being put upon this appropri-
ation bill unless in special cases and for special
cases, I will wuluhaw the call for the yeas and
nays. I do not wish to consume the time of the
Senate by making an issue upon which I am man-
ifestly in the minority.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomehot
in the chair.) The call for the yeas and nays can
only be withdiawn by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection. The question is on the
amendment moved by the Senator from Maine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose the following
amendment, to follow the amendment that has
just been adopted:
For beacon on Sand Point on the west side of Lit-
tle iiay I)c NoqinM, in the State of Michigan, $j;0U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer another amendment,
to come in at the same placc:
For benem h-rht at the mouth of Fox liver, itt the State
of \Vi cun-in,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer another amendment,
to follow fhe others:
For rcmovi!!2 and reconstructing bcaeon light on Cape
Ilenlop'Ti, $r/,50U.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I have another amendment
to offer, to insert the following:
For erootmir a light-house on Cape Arago, in the State ot
Oiejron, .^Id.OUU.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. MORIMLL. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer the following amendment:
For additional aids to navigation to facilitate the en-
trance t« Portland. Maine, by pmtnbly marking Alden's
rock and Bulwark: shoals, or otherwise, as may be found
necessary, $20,000, or so much thereof as may l>c found •
npcessaiy.
I send to the Chair two communications on ~
this subjcct, which I ask to have read:
The Secretary read thorn, as follows:
Treasury Department,. June 16,1864.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy of a
report from the Light-House Hoaui upon petitions referred
to them for the improvement of the aids to navigation re-
quired to mark dangers in the approaches to Portland.
I fully concur in the views of the committee as to the
necessity of a special examination by the board, and re-
spectfully ask the attention of your committee to the mat-
ter, and also its favorable action in regard to the "appro-
priation of §20.000 recommended by the hoard.
I am, very respectfully, S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. W. V. Fks.sevden, Chairman Finance Committee,
United Slates Senate.
Treasury Department,
Office or the Light-House Board,
Washington City, June 15,1S64.
Siv f*have had the honor to receive the letter of Hon.
W. F. FcssendIem, of the 13th instant, with accompany-
ing papers, in reference to additional aids to navigation
required to mark dangers in the approaelwfe to Portland.
in view of the direct testimony of shipmasters as to the
necessity of marking Alden's lock and Bulwark sbo/il,
this board is of opinion that the importance of the subject
demands a careful personal investigation by one or more
of its members, and it is proposed to enter at once, with
the sanction of the Department, upon the examination.
In the mean tune it i? respectfully recommended that
application be made to Congiess for an appropriation of
$20,000 for properly marking Alden's rock and Bulwark
idioul, or such other measures for facilitating- the entrance
toPnitlaud harbor as, after a close scruuny,siiali be found
necessary.
Very respectfully, W. B. SIIUMtfCK,
Chairman.
Hon. S. P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say in a singlo
word tluit the papers show that this was the point
where the Bohemian was lost recently, and that
fact 1 suppose contributed to the general examin-
ation and inquiiy which led to this application.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This cose simply amounts
to this: the attention of the Light-House Board ia
called to the propriety of marking some obstruc-
tion or rock near Portland, and they answer that'
in view of the testimony of shipmasters they
think a critical examination ought to be made.
They do not say that it is necessary, but that a
critical examination should be made; and in the
mean time they recommend that §20,000 be ap-
propriated, if it should be found necessary, to ac-
complish this object afterwards. It seems tome
tlmt is a very singular case to put on an appro-
priation bill at this time. The examination has
not been made. It is asking it in advance. If
you make the appropriation in advance, and send
out the Light-House Board to see whether they
can expend it, I have no doubt they will do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can explain this whole
matter, I- think, to the satisfaction of the Senator
himself. These papers were sent to mo a few
days since. I sent them to the Secretary of the
Treasury without any comments whatever, but
merely wrote him a note calling his attention to
them. He sent them back to me with the papers
that have been read, calling the attention of the
Committee on Finance to the subject. I did not
consider that the Committee on Finance was the
proper committee to investigate the subject, nor
did I wish it to come before a committee of which
I was a member for fear of the mfeiences that
might be drawn with reference to my own action.
I therefore sent them to the appropriate commit-
tee, the Committee on Commerce, and the Com-
mittee on Commerce have unanimously reported
in favor of the appropriation. The reason why
the Light-House Board say that an examination
should"be made is, not that they have any doubt
that something should be done, but that until the
examination is made they cannot tell precisely
what should be done, whether Bulwark ledge
and Alden's rock should be marked,or whether
only one of them should be, or what kind of aid
to navigation should be placed there.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senatorfrom Maine
will allow me, I will submit the ordinary motion
to take a recess at twenty minutes to five o'clock
unlil seven o'clock this evening.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us dispose of this
"jjr. SHERMAN. I wish to dispose of this
matter, and my motion gives ten minutes to do
U Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
