1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
subjoined answer, fiom which yon will perceive that not
only 1ms every po-sible piecautionto prevent the eprcadof
the contagion been taken, but likewise ample provision
made for the care and treatment of ail cases that may occur.
War Department,
Washington City, November 30, 1863.
Sir : The Secretary of War dnccts me to acknowledge
the receipt of your communication of the J6th instant, re-
questing tnat some piovif-ion may be made by the Govern-
ment for the care of "contrabands" and others than sol-
diers who are or have been connected with the Army, or
the camps and forts in the vicinity oi this city, who are
suffering with the small-pen, and lor whose care the city
authorities ate unable to provide.
In reply, the Secretary instructs me to say that on appli-
cation by the mayor, oi bis* authorised assistants, to Sur-
geon Abbott, Medical Director, such small-pox patients as
the corporation of this city is not able to provide for will
be taken care of. This dnection h.i  been given m order to
prevent the spu-ad ot the disease, as the Sutgeon Genera!
reports that ample provision has been made lor the eare of
all sick who have any claim upon the United States, whether
white or coloied soldier*, oi employes.
Very respectfully, yoin obedient seivant,
Ej>. M. Canby,
Bi igodier Goieral, A. Jl. G,
Ilis Honor R. Wallagh, Mayor IFa^hinzton City, D, C.
Unfortunately there h no provision foi that class of per-
sons vvho-e means enable them to dispense with the giatu-
ity of the Federal Government or coipoiatiori, and as there
is no power m either to force their removal to the hospitals,
they lenrtin m families m the mo-t populated pontons ot
the city, occasioning the spread of the disease and creating
alarm.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
■RfCriARD WALLACH, Mayor.
Hon. Owen Lovejoy, Chairman, 3'c., #c.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now report from the com-
mittee the following resolution, and I ask its adop-
tion:
Resolved, That in the judgment of this House it would be
advisable, as a precautionary measure against the spread of
small-pox in the District, for the city atnhoi  tie-> ot George-
town and Washington to futm>h to all the laimlies' in said
cities the means ot vaccination at then pl.ieesof residence,
and at ihe public evpense whetc individuals aie unable or
umvilhnsto defray the expense as-a private charge, and that
they inquire such cluldien as tor any ica^on have Jailed to
be vaccinated, to absent them>vdves from tlx- public school*
until they shall have complied with the requisition* ofihe
city governments in this respect, and it i* re pcetfuliy mc-
omtneiuled to the authentic* ot* said cities to take imme-
diate action m this dnection.
The resolution was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. LOVEJOY, the Committee
for the District of Columbia was discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
PAYMENT OF HOSPITAL DUES.
Mr. W A SHBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution; and
it was read, considered,  nd agreed to:
Jlcsoh-cJ, That the Committee on Oommeiee lie directed
to inquire into the expediency ot ptovidmq by law lor se-
curing hospital dues horn Anieuciui vcs^l-s told in foreign
ports.
UNITED STATES MAILS.
Mr. ALLEY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to provide
for carrying the mails from the United States to
foreign ports, and for other purposes; winch was
read a first and second time, ordeied to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
mailable articles.
Mr. ALLEY. I am diicetedto report from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads a
bill to amend the law prescribing: the articles to ]
be admitted into the mails of the United States,
and to ask that it be put on its passage at <^nce.
There was no objection, and the bill was le-
ceived and read a fiist and second time.
The bill provides thai articles of clothing, bring
manufactuied of wool, cotton, or lmeu, and an-
biaccd in a package not ex ,ceding two pounds in
weight, addressed to any non-commissioned offi-
cer or private seiving in the armn.softhe United
States, m;ty be trnnsmitted in the mails of the
United States at tin* rate of ei«jht cents, to be in
all coses prepaid', for every four ounces or any
fraction thereof,subject-to such regulationsas the
Postmaster General may niesciibe.
The bill was oidered t «> b<-engrossed and read a ]
third ume; and being engrossed, it was accord- '
ln^ly read the thud turn*, and passed i
Mr. ALLEY moved to 1 (.-consider the vote by ,
which the bill was pa^-ed; and utao moved that !
the motion to reconsider !u> laid upon the table. j{
The latter motion was agreed to. •;
HON'. G nOJtOK L. HECKKU. 'I
Mi. WILSON", by unanimous consent, from !j
the Conmiittec on the Judiciaiy, reported back ji
the memorial of Hon. George L.* Becker, of Min-
nesota, for compensation as a member or repre-
sentative in Congress from that State, and moved
that the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it do lie upon the table;
which motion was agreed to.
BRITISH SCHOONER GLEN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported a bill to indemnify
the owners of the British schooner Glen; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that there be paid to the own-
ers of the British schooner Glen $17,150 66, the
same being the amount awarded as indemnity to
the parties interested by the district court of the
United States for the southern district of New
York, for costs, damages, and expenses, by rea-
son of illegal seizure of said vessel as a piize.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If objected
to, the bil! must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but I think it ought to
be considered and passed at once. I ask the Clerk
to lead the letter of the President.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit to Congress a copy of the decree of the court
of the United States, foi the >onthern dUtric! ot New Yoik,
awarding the ?um of$l7J.">0 Gf> foi the capture of the
British schooner Glen, and jequcj-t that an appropriation
of that amount may be made as> an indemnification to the
prunes interested. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, January 7,18GJ.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OF NOAH -WISH-ALL.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, irported a bill tor the relief of the heirs
of Noah Wiswall; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill and report were both read.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask that the bill be now put
on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not see
but that this is a just claim. Does it only refund
$100 to these parties that was twice paid to the
Grorerninerit, without inteiest?
Mr. JULIAN. The amount has been paid
twice, and the bill pro\idesfor refunding it with-
out interest.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
o thiid time; and beiu  engrossed.it wt s accord-
ingly lend the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECOND ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF WAR.
Mr. SCITENGIC, from the Committee on Mil-
ilaiy Allans, '•eportul back Senate bill No. 50, to
authorize the Piesident to appoint a Second As-
sistant Secretary of War, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, and asked iljat it be consid-
er ed at once. The bill provides that the Piesident
shall be anthonzed to appoint, by and with the
advice and conM-iit of ihe Senate, for the leim of
ot-e yeai fiom the pa..sa^e of this eot, an oili i r
m the War Dopaitmont, to la called the Second
As
-•lunt Secreiaiy of War, who
bo fS.UOO pei annum, payable •>,) the same m in-
ner ns that of the Societ-ny of War, and who
shall perform all such duties belong!hit to that
Department as the Seetetaiyof War shall pro-
si'iiV or may be lequned by law.
Mr SCHENCK. Mr. ^peaki r, this loll 1ms
parsed the Senate, and the Committee on Military
Afians oi this lions'- dem that iheie is an enief-
geiu y n <piirini!; that. it Miould be enacUd into
law. The his'ory of the Wai Department m con-
nection with this roquiievnent is this:
An act was passed authoi izin<r I he appointment
of an Assistant Secretaiy of War. Under it
Mi. Watson was appointed, and is still seivmg.
Some two years ago ihcte was fir'th'T legislation
authorizing the appointment of two additional
Assistant Secretaries, on account of the great \Mor
thrown on that Department during the existing
war. The term of these two officers was limited to
one year. The year expired in tbespringof 1863,
now nearly a year ago. The Secretary of War was
of opinion that he might be able to get along with
such other assistance as he had in the Department,
without having the act revived. He has made the
attempt, and it proves to be, in his opinion, a
failure. He therefore asks, not that two Assistant
Secretaries shall be authorized as before, but that
the office shall be revived only as to one of thera.
That is the object of this bill. Itis proposed that
there shall be now an additional Assistant Secre-
tary, and that his term of service shall expire in
one year from the passage of the act.
As I propose to call the previous question, I
shall be glad before doing so to answer any further
inquiry that members may desire to make in re-
gard to this matter.
Mr. KASSON. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Militaiy Affaiis the only ques-
tion that'occurs to me as impoitant in this mat-
ter, which does not relate to the service of some
officer in such a capacity, but whether there are
not military officers already in the pay of the
Government, notcmployed in actual service, who
might be properly employed in this capacity. I
desire to know whether the Committee on Mili-
tary Aifairs has considered this question. There
are some major generals and brigadier generals
about Washington, as we have had occasion to
observe, who do not seem to be actually employed
in the military service of the Government.
Mr. SCHENCK.. I am perfectly aware of the
fact that a considerable number of Army officers,
of high grade, are now unemployed, and I am
equally aware that it may become necessary, be-
fore our legislation is ended, if the remedy be not
applied fiom some other quaiter, to attempt to
remedy that evil. But this bill is offered for the pur-
pose of meeting an emergency which cannot well
be provided for by the detail of an Aimy officer to
this position. Colonel Hardee is now detailed
to the duties. Major Vincent also gives his atten-
tion to a large number of subjects which would
come within the province of an Assistant Secre-
tary. There aie other officers employed in like
manner. These officers work fiom thirteen to fif-
teen hours a day, and arc almost broken down by
hard woik in the endeavor to perform the duties
of assistant secretary, who should combine, in
some degree, civil functions with a knowledge of
militaiy affaiis. The Committee on Military Af-
faiis has come to the conclusion, fiom inquiry
at the War Department, that one additional As-
sistant Secretary ot* War is lequired.
Mi. STEVENS. -I think that any person who
has had much business at the War Depaitment
must see the necessity of the passage of this bill.
We know that Mr. Watson, whom I think equal
to anybody that can be appointed to that post,
had his health nearly destroyed in office, and was
obliged to retire last summer for a season. No
one will say that he is not entirely competent and
hustworihy. If Colonel Hardee could remain
where he is, I think no better man could be se-
lected. So far .'is I have seen, he is both capable
and courteous; but it is not evei y military officer
who is fit for a place of that kind. Some of them
may be good fighters, but very little acquainted
with the laws of thv counLy, as I think an As-
sistant Sceietaiy of War ought to be. I think
that most of the ofTicois who aie not employed in
active Mervhe aie hciidly ft for anything else if
they arc not fit for that. Therefore I would inther
that a bill of this kind should be passed, so that
a man may be selected who is acquainted with
law as well as with business generally. I only
rose, however, to inquire whether the salary pro-
vide d in this bill is the lowest sum paid to the
Assistant Secretaries of any of the other Depart-
ments? 1 think that at least one of them is paid
*4,000.
Mt. WASTIBURNE, of Illinois. One of them
i it as $>1,000 a y< at; all the othei s have $3,000. Thia
i hill provides for the lowest amount.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move the previous
quc-iion on the thud reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its opeiation
ihe bill was read the thiid time, and passed.
| enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, fiom the Committee on Enrolled
I Bills, leported as truly enrolled a bill and joint
