2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12.
Now, sir, I do not know that there is anything
in State rights which ought to excite the ire of
the gentleman. J f lie means to say that the Fed-
eraf Government within the powers granted*to
it is Supreme, I agree with him. If he means
to say that whenever Congress exercises the
power which is clearly granted to it its enact-
ments are superior to State constitutions and State
Jaiws, I make no, quarrel with him. But if he
means to tell me that the powers not granted are
not reserved, and that within the powers reserved
the States are not as sovereign as they ever were
before the Union was formed, as England is with
reference to its sovereign powers,! disagree with
htm, and plan't myself on the language "of the
Constitution, that the powers not granted are
Reserved to the States.
The States shall not trample upon the rights of
the Federal Government; the General Govern-
ment shall not trample upon the rights of the
States. As the power to regulate commerce be-
tween the States is granted to the Federal Gov-
ernment, and shall not be interfered with by the
States, so the right to regulate internal commerce
is reserved to the States, and shall not be inter-
fered with by the General Government. That
is what we mean by State rights; and that we are
prepaied to preserve, maintain, and defend, for
we believe it essential not onlylor the preser-
vation of the Constitution, but of liberty itself.
State rights! They are the key of the Confed-
eration. They have solved the problem of free
government. They have reconciled liberty and
power. They have maintained the integnty of
territory and the rights of freedom. Theyaieas
essential to our Government as a free press or a
free ballot. "When the Coliseum falls Home
shall fall." When State rights fall the Ameri-
can Union shall fall, and all its honois, all its
glories, all its liberties shall be prostrate in the
dust. Sir, I believe the bill has no warrant either
in the Constitution as we read it, nor in the prece-
dents as we find them, nor in the judicial determ-
inations as they are handed to us in thebooksof
authority; and so believing, I think it is unwise,
unjust, and that it will be utterly void, and that
if you pass H New Jersey ought to resist it. I
have felt constrained to oppose this bill, and shall
vote against it.
Mr. WOODHRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I admit
that there is such a thing as a sovereign right
within a State. There is no such thing as State
sovereignty. Sovereignty rests in the General
Government; but that there are certain sovereign
rights reserved to a State over which the General
Government has iro control, I certainly do not
deny. For instance, it is undoubtedly within
the power of the State, by its own legislative
enactments or compacts, either to encourage or re-
strain the enterprise of its own citizens in the use
of its own soil. Inspection laws, health laws, and
those laws which lelatc to turnpikes and ferries,
&c., appertain to the State. No direct genpral
power over these objects is granted to Congress,
and consequently they remain subject to State
legislation.
Now, sir, the question here is not whether we
are impairing a State right of .New Jersey. It is
simply this: does the light to legulate commerce
between States exi.st within the State or within
Congress? if we find that under the existing reg-
ulations of the State of New Jersey the means of
transit for commerce between .New York and
Pennsylvania are adequate, if we find that the
existing line is capable of performing the service
which the wants of commerce demand, then 1
admit that Congress ought not fo interfere.
Congress being the supreme judge, having the
power delegated by the Constitution to regulate
commerce between the States, must determine
whether, under the law and acknowledged policy
of New Jersey, whereby the Camden and Amboy
railroad is a legalized and protected monopoly,
having the exclusive privilege of transporting both
freight and passengers between the gieat cities of
New York and Philadelphia, there is that free in-
tercourse between the States of New Yoikand
Pennsylvania which the demands of inter-State
commerce require. If Congress determines that
increased facilities are necessary, then it has the
right to declare that the Rautan road is a lawful
structure, and a public highway of the United
States.
The gentleman from Ohio says that we have
no right to interfere with the internal rivers of a
State. I admit that such is the law. But what
is the law that was read by the gentleman from
Ohio? It was substantially that the riparian own-
ers have a right to the channel of the stream, and
that therefore they may build docks and throw up
embankments. But if the gentleman had read still
further he would have found that that could not be
done so far as to impairnavigation, the power of
regulating which resides in Congress. If an indi-
vidual imagines himself injured by a railroad, and
calls for an abatement of the railroad or a portion
of it as a nuisance, it cannot be done. Any why?
Because the building and regulation of railroads
is within the power of the State—a power that is
supreme and cannot be interfered with, so far as
individuals are concerned, or at all unless free com-
merce between the States is impaired.
The gentleman from Ohio has said that we have
here no cases analogous to the one under consid-
eration. 1 do not agree with the honorable gen-
tleman. I cannot see why the same principle is
not involved in the Wheeling bridge case. In
that case the complaint was made against the
Wheeling bridge by the State of Pennsylvania
on the ground that by its existence the internal
improvements of the State of Pennsylvania were
injuied,and that it caused a loss to hertieasury.
The case came to the Supieme Court of the Uni-
ted States, and it was determined that the bridge
did affect the navigation of the Ohio river, and
therefore did impair the rights of the complain-
ants. But when the company did not comply
with the order of the court, and came to Congress
asking that the bridge be declared a lawful struc-
ture, Congress passed a law declaring it a lawful
structure, on the ground that, if removed, it would
interfere with the free commercial intercomse of
States. Therefore the State of Pennsylvania failed
in getting a writ of assistance to cairy the decree
of the court into effect.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman why it was that the Wheeling bridge was
not, as originally made, a legal structure.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. As originally made it
was not a legal structure because it interfered
with the navigation of the Ohio river.
Mr. YEAMAN. I yielded to the gentleman
from Yei mont, as I supposed, for a shoi t expla-
nation; but if there is to be a debate between
these gentlemen, i hope it will be understood that
it is not to come out of my time.
Mr. PENDLETON, f hope it will not come
out of the timeof the gentleman from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
gentleman from Vermont will please proceed. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio why the Supreme Court diu not
finally abate the Wheeling budge if it was an in-
terference with the navigation of the Ohio? The
answer is obvious, that the right to regulate com-
j morcp between the States being vested solely in
I Congress, and they, in their judgment, deciding
that the bridge was necessary for fiee commer-
cial intercourse between the States, then, whether
Congress passed the bill rightfully or improperly,
inasmuch as U was in the exercise of a legitimate
power, it was not for the court to say whether it
was exercised wisely or unwisely. " The court
was bound to respect the authority of Congiess.
Mr^PENDLETON, I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont whether the Wheeling
bridge was not held to be an illegal structure, be-
cause it contravened an act of Congress guaran-
tying the free navigation of the Ohio river.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It was held to bean
illegal structure because it interfered with the
navigation of the, Ohio, and Congress had prior
to that time passed an net to protect the naviga-
tion of the Ohio liver.
Mr. PENDLETON. Then, does not thegen-
tleman see any distinction between that case and
this? That was a case in which Congress sus-
pended the opeiatton of one of its own laws,
thereby making a structure before illegal a legal
structure. But this is an attempt by act of Con-
gress to suspend the operation of a law of the
State of New Jersey!
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I can only say that by
the law of New Jersey commercial intercourse
between the States is impaued, and that the case
before the House is a stronger one than the
Wheeling bridge ease, in that case Congress said
that although it had by previous act provided that
the free navigation of the Ohio should be protected,
yet as free commercial intercourse between the
States was of so much more importance, the law
it had formerly passed should yield to this para-
mount interest of inter-State commerce.
Sir, if this were a question affecting simply the
rights of New Jersey, Congress would have no
power to interfere. If this was simply a line
commencing and ending within the limits-of a
State, and capable of doing merely a local busi-
ness, Congress would have no right to interfere.
If it were not necessary, m order to protect com-
mercial intercourse between the States, that Con-
gress should say that this is a lawful structure
and a public highway of the United States, then
Congress would have no right to interfere.
I am perfectly willing to" admit all the gentle-
man contends for here. I only deny his appli-
cation of the law to this case. I claim that this
is not an interference with any right of the State
of New Jersey. It is a simple exercise of the
power of Congress in declaring that this line al-
ready in existence shall have the powertodothe
business which it is necessary that they shall do
in order to establish free commercial intercourse
between the States.
Now, sir, I do not know nor do I very much
care what the State of New Jersey may think or
what they may do on this question. I do not
care what effect it may have on the political con-
dition of New Jersey. I hope when 1 consider
a question in Congress 1 go above all local preju-
dices and feelings; I hope I rise above party; I hope
I act from principle, in accordance with the con-
victions of my own reason, and upon the facts for
or against any measure which comes before this
body.
Without reference to the State most nearly
interested in this bill, which State, I am free
to say, I do not admire, without leference to her
political status, to which I am greatly opposed,
without reference to her political action, with
which I have no sympathy, without reference to
the influence of this Camden and Amboy railroad
one way or the other, but strictly upon high legal
grounds, assuming that we have a right to declare
the Raritan railroad a legal structure and a public
highway, and believing, as 1 do, that it is neces-
sary to make that declaration in order to secure
free comme'rcial intercourse between the great
States of New York and Pennsylvania, 1 shall
certainly support the original bill.
But, sir, the Committee on Military Affairs
have signified their willingness to adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson.] I confess that it is not in accordance
with my judgment or wishes; but as the substi-
tute is not obnoxious to the criticism which has
been so freely made upon the original bill, of in-
terfering with the internal business of the State
of New Jersey, I am willing to give it my sup-
port. Itmerely provides that raihoad lines may,
independent of State legislation, do the business
passing from one State to another. It recognizes
the principle that the business from State to State
is a portion of the commerce of the country; the
freedom of which States demand for themselves
and the country.
Now, sir, the amendment has for its object the
giving of these roads the right that would begiven
them by the passage of the original bill. But for
the reason that it is more general in its character
than the original bill, that it is not liable to the ob-
jection of singling outa particular State, I will give
it my support, although I have more doubt as to
the power of Congress to pass the substitute than
I have of its power to pass the original bill.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, it would seem
as if nothing can be discussed here without at-
tempts being made to give it a political turn. 1
will aim only to place this question on its mciits,
and in doing that will not deem it necessary either
to magnify or to underrate real' State rights. 1
have everm my place here defended whatever of
State rights is found in the Constitution, and will
ever a>sail all assumption of such rights that
would destroy our nationality by means of nulli-
fication, secession, exclusive pavileges, monopo-
lies, and prohibitions.
What are we asked to do? The charter of the
Camden and Amboy road says:
" It Khali not be lawful at any tune dining the said rail-
road charier to conduct any other nulioad oi raihoads m
