1280
ffifi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
He was the overseer of our almshouse.
" My wife mvitcd them in, and at-ked them if they would
take something to dunk; they said they would. She then
asked themto take Mimodinner; they said they would; she
told them to take seats ; they said no, they would stand up
and eat. They ate their dinners and went into the sitting-
room. The lieutenant toid my wife that he did not want
to arrest me; that they had nothing against me; that she
must not think hard of them; it was that damned rascal
that stands at the gate who was the cause of their coming.
Adolphus Ewmg let my wife know he would have her ar-
rested. The soldiers told him no; that they did not come
out there to airest ladies."
And yet there was no intimidation, no inter-
ference with the freedom of election! All these
acts were done that there might be a free and fair
election!
Curtis W. Jacobs, on page 205,testifies as fol-
lows:
ic Question. The Governor of this State, in giving in his
testimony to this committee, stated, in substance, that one
reason for his asking that soldiers should bo stationed at
the polls on the day of the last general election inxhis State
was that he had been informed bya number of reliable per-
sons In Baltimoie arid other hundreds, that a number ot se-
cessioniststiom Alar} !and,amountinglo fifteen or twenty,
to be headed by Cums \V. J.uobs, had entered into ar-
rangements wall the Demociats in Delaware to take pos-
session of the polls in Daltnuoie hundied, and prevent
Union men Irom voting. I ask you, sir, whether this t-iate-
nient was tiue, or whether there was the shadow of foun-
dation for such a statement.
"Jlnswa. The whole statement, sir, so far as It applies
to myself, or any one else of my knowledge, is false in toto ;
fake in its conception and m all of its details. I never
conferred with any man m Maryland or Delaware with
the view of doing what the Governor of this State has
alleged I intended to do."
Mr. Jacobs then goes on to state that on the
day previous to our election, being a large land-
holder in our State, though living in Worcester
county, Maryland, he went down to visit some of
his farms, and the next day he returned from his
farm to see two men at the election. 1 will read
from his testimony:
" X had scarcely km upon the ground when the lieutenant
toid me, ' You rnunt leave or you will be attested.1 ll<
granted, however, that \ could see the two men on bus!
ne&s, and take them off the gionrui. While in that act
the piovost marshal, Samuel W. Lacey, came up, am
told me I should leave at once, or be ane-ted, winch I did
in company with the two men afoiesald. When nt the di*>
tiinco of between two and thiee hundied yards from the
voting place, and out of view of it, the lieutenant—Wal
teM, J think his name was—with a numberoi cavalry, over-
took nie, and anevted me
<4 Walters was a lieutenant ot the thirteenth I'enn^yl
vanla cavahy,stationed at Haltnnoje. This was about ten
o'clock in the da\. 1 wai «non(med in an old fctoiehouv
JYom then until half pai-t four o'clock in the afternoon,
requested to know ot the provost mai'hal for what 1 was
aj le^ccd. lie gave me unsatisfactory amsvervbut intimated
at different turn's in ihed«y that the chaiges against me were
quite sciiotis, and that theie would have to be a thorough
investigation of my ease, when I might possibly be re
leased at the < Iohc of the polls', or font on to (Jeneral Wool
in Baltimore."
Curtis W. Jacobs is a very wealthy and a very
intelligent man,and thi.s provost marshal is one of
the most insignificant creatures that ever crawled
on the fare'of the earth, with no social position
or anything el«e worth having. 1 suppose he
thought it was something grand for him to arrest
a gentleman, and probably that was the reason.
"I asked him to confront me with the witnesses or per-
<bo k who had made any charges against me, winch he de-
clined. I never heard any chnrgc against me up to the
time of myariest.andliad no suspicion that ihey intended
to arrest mc; nor do 1 now know lor what I was ari ested."
He then goes on to testify that they arrested
3V5 r. James and locked him up. All Mr. James, as
lie swears himself, did on that occasion was, when
he saw Jacobs arrested, who was in the habit of
staying in his house, not knowing that this fel-
low had been appointed provost marshal the Sun-
day night before, to tell him that he had no right
to arrest Mr. Jacobs, whereupon they arrested
him and locked him up. They arrested several
others also at the same place on the election ground
for no other cause than that they were Demo-
crats, and to intimidate all those who would not
vote the black Republican, abolition, disunion
ticket.
i will now read from the testimony of fsaac
Giles, pages 372 and 185. Mr. Giles is one of
tht- most intelligent gentlemen that leside in the
county in which I live, a man of high standing m
that county, and who is to be believed in what-
ever ho says:
On ;tiliving at Laurel on the morning of the election, I
saw the soldier parading the Mteets, and while I was yet
in my carnage J saw them uish into a store and drag out a
man. f heard the captain say to the men, < Take him to
the guard-house.5 They took him down the snoot. 1 did
not sec what they did with him. I then wentdown tothe
house where the election was held, the election not bmng
then open. Shortly afteiwards Captain Watkins came
down with a squad of soldiers, baid to be forty or fifty. He
went up to the house where the votes were received, and
ordei ed the people to fall back, or rather pressed them back,
and formed a square probably thirty by fifty feet in front of
the window, and ordered all persons outside of the square.
He then made a speech." *
These fellows become orators and statesmen
and everything else after you take them and give
them a little brief authority and tell them to go
and oppress Democrats. I speak of such of them
as would be guilty of such dirty deeds. I do not
apply it to the officers or" men generally, for I
hope there are very few of them who would like
to be engaged in such dirty work.
" He then made a speech in which he said there was to
be no intimidation, and that they mu^ttake care how they
talked; that their thoughts belonged to themselves, but
their words and actions belonged to the Government."
That is called a ficc election, and it is said there
was no intimidation!
In another part of his testimony this gentleman,
who was one of the judges of the election, says:
"Shortly after that a man by the name of James L. Da-
vis came up to vote. Being an Englishman, f demanded
his naturalization papers, or pioof thereof. The captain
came up shortly afterwaids and asked me what the conten-
tion was. 1 told him that the man was a loreigner, and I
demanded hisnatuiahzation paper-? or proof of his naturali-
zation. He says,{ Von require impossibilities.' lie then
said to the m&peetoi, 'Take the vote, or I wilt smash the
ballot-boxes and the whole damned concern.'"
And yet it is said there was no interference with
the freedom of election ! All this was done to
preserve the Union! Sir, it is one of the most
vital stabs that could be made at the Union, and
those who are guilty of such conduct or counte-
nance it tue the barest traitors that ever lived.
At the polls of one election district for some
two hour* a Democrat was not alio wed to approach
the poll; but Republicans could vote when they
pleased. That is all proved in this sworn testi-
mony; and if it were not that I do not wish to
trespass too long on the patience of the Senate I
would read the proof at large. Men who had
ribbons in their coats could carry up to the polls
whoever they pleased to vote. They could go
through the line which was funned of the sol-
diers or they could pass across it, but no Demo-
crat for some two hours was allowed to vote.
►Some who went up were forcibly driven from the
polls; some loft the polls without voting. The
candidate for the Legislature had a bayonet
scratching his flesh. This was all done to have
a fair election!
The next witness that I will call to the stand
is Henry Kidgely, son of the former Senator from
our State, himself the president of the Farmers'
Hank of the {State, and whose word will be be-
lieved anywhere where he is known without his
oath; but under oath, oil page 1S2, he declared in
reply to the question:
u What was the occasion which induced the soldiers to
make these several chaigeb of winch yon speak?"—
In the town of Dover they ehnigrd with bay-
onets upon the citizens on several occasions—
'^Inswcr. The cause of die hrst charge, as [ understood,
was imni a very unpiovokcd attaek of M i. George 1'. Fisher
(the same who filled up Stanton's blank commissions) on
Mi. Joseph Wick?, both of this place. The cause of the
second ciiaige I did not know. 1 heaid of it afterwards,
but cannot speak of my own knowledge.
"Quezon. YVa- tho*-, in your judgment, any necessity
for tiie presence of soldiers at the polls in Dover on that
day in oidei to pitserve the public peace and to insure a
qtuet election ?
'lusti er. No, Mr  not the slightest necessity.
u Question. Did theie appeal tn be much intimidation
anion" the \otci> ai lho pods on that day; and it so, what
pultliea! p«uty seemed !o heimM mtimidaud?
Answer. In my opinion there was inn (nidation t hat day
oil the pan of the i)einociutic voters.
Question. J)o you think that intimidation wasMulicient
to make u difleic nee in the it-Milt of the vote on that day,
and if so, to what extent5
''Slnswer. 1 think n did male* a difference in the result
of the vote, and m lavi oi the Ltepubhcan paiu. i cannot
say to what extent.
Question. Have you not been an active Democrat for a
numbei of years and in the euntidcnce ot the Denioeiatic
p«n v, knowing all its pitn<-ipai plans andopc iati<>n-s in con-
ducting campaign-:
''■^Hixver. Generally speaking. I have, I believe, sii.
Question. Did \ou evci hfiu'uf ;i pinpo«e, or an inten-
tion, oj a d"uire, on the pait of n.ny Democrat to mteifere
with the polk* at the laM election, so as to prevent a fan
election ?
^ tdniv cr. No. sir. Then seemed to be astrongdesne, on
the contiaiy, that e\ ei ) thing should pass oft'peaceably and
quietly."
Every promment Democrat who was examined
by the investigating committee confirms Dfe,
Ridgely's statement as to the earnest wish of the
members of the Democratic party throughout the
State that the election should be a fair ami peace-
able one. They were determined to give this
despotic and tyrannical Administration and its
unprincipled minions no pretext of justification
for interfering with the constitutional rights ®f the
people, or for disturbing the peace of the State, and
hence there was a general understanding among
the Democrats throughout the State that so far as
the party of which they were members could con-
tribute to such a result, the election should be free,
fair, equal, and peaceful.
"Question. Do you knowanytbingelsebearing upon the
subject of this investigation ? If so, please state it.
"Answer. 1 was particularly struck on the election day
with the remarkable good ordei obseived by the resident#
and voters of East Dover hundied. The mosttioublesome
and disorderly men m the town on that day were men
dressed m the uniform of United States soldiers, and sard
to belong to the fourth Dtdawaie regiment. They seemed
to be nearly all drunk, cubing and sweating, and threaten-
ing almo-uYvery one they met. They made frequent at-
tacks upon the peaceable citizens ot the place, and not the
bhghtest effort was made, that I could see, to keep them in
order by the Maryland home guaid^, who were in the town
that day. One case, in particular, came under my own im-
mediate notice. A man came running near me on the
couil-hou^e pavement pursued by another dressed in the
unifotm of a soldiei. The man who first came near me
seemed very much frightened, while the soldier was curs-
ing and swearing. I stepped in Iront of the soldier and
asked him what he meant by puisulng that man. He said
he wanted to kill the damned secessionist. £ asked him if
he knew the man was a secessionist. He said ' no ; and
he did not care.' I believe I only leeollect seeing one man
who lives in East Dover hundred, and who belongs to tho
Democratic party, and who was drunk and at all trouble-
some, and he was soon cariied oft"."
Sir, we all know that when soldiers are brought
on the election ground through the agency of tho
members of one political patty, the understanding
of the whole community is that they are brought
there to aid that political party in the election, and
that the very presence of the soldiers, even if they
did not touch a single individual on the occasion,
of itself would make a vast difference in the re-
sult of an election. The people not being used to
such scenes, and to be confronted in the exercise
of their peaceful rights by armed men, would ne-
cessarily be intimidated; and i have no doubt that
if no man had been assaulted, and if no man had
been forcibly prevented from voting on that day,
the difference would have amounted to hundreds
in the aggregate vote of the State, because timid
men would be afraid to exercise their influence or
th£r persuasion in older to benefit their party.
I now call upon the stand a gentleman known
to all of you, Senators; a gentleman who was as-
sociated with you in this body; a gentleman who
through all his life has voted against the Demo-
cratic party until the last two elections I believe.
J refer to Hon. Joseph P. Comegys, late a Sena-
tor in this body, whose testimony will be found
on page 222:
II Question. Mr. Coinegys, were you present at the elec-
tion m tins town on the 4th of November last?
" Jlnwcr. Yes.
4* Question. Did you see anything unusual and different
from what you hud ever seen before, at or near the polls
that day? If so, state what it was.
1 did. I saw a military force at different times
during the da), sometimes at and at other times near the
polls. They were armed with markets and fixed bayonets.
"Ques/ioji. Did you see them make a chaige upon any
of the cltizcns oi the town or hundied ?
llJlnswei, I did, <>n two occasions, see them make a
chaige upon the people at and about the polU, nearly all
ot whom 1 believe weie citizens ot the town and hundied.
"Qiu-ition. Was theie, in your judgment, any necessity
for either of tho^c chaige*?
'*Jhisucr. None, whatever.
'-Question Did not the soldiers themselves, or their
pics.-nce, occasion mo.-t of the diUiculty andtrouble which
oceinrcd aiound the polls?
''•jZnswcr. I was not at the polls often during the day,
_ and cannot say what oeca^om d most o! the trouble, but i
,, know that liieir pic^nee excited a great deal of commcnt
ji and bad leelnig; f think theie was an unusual degree of
ii the latter on that day. The only difficulty I saw at the
| poll?, independent ol the usual contest oi w<>ids on buch
occasions, was when the person in command of the mili-
, tary attempted to induce the odu-eis of tho election to ie-
| ecive a vote, wlueh they afterwards rrjeeted ; m speaking
, j heie about diflieulty, I did not intend to include the cluuge
ol bayonet^ of winch { have betoie spoken ; at the time of
ji the attempt to have the vote referred to taken, theie was
;i considerable diflieulty, though, asi recollect, no actual vio-
;! lence." ******** *
;| "Question. So tar as your observation wfnt, did you
'! think the soldiers weie acting in conceit with either of the
si political paru<&; and if>o, with which?
ii " Jlniwcr■ I coiHideied they vveif acting In concert
.! with the Republican p:ury, beeau-c the Democrats, so far
as I heard any expression, were hostile to th^ir being here,
i and they were umku the command, a* the ofheer before?
