234:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
January 15,
resolution of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (S. No. 57) declaring the assent ofCon-
frcss to an act of the Legislature of the State of
Hinois therein named; and
Ajoint resolution (S.No.15) amendatory of the
joint resolution to supply in part deficiencies in
the appropriations for the public printing, and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for boun-
ties to volunteers.
SITTINGS OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, 'I'bat the Committee 011 Military Affairs be
permitted to sit during the sessions of tile House.
The SPEAKER. The call of committees for
reports of a private character being finished, re-
ports are next in order of business of a public
character, and under that call the House resumes
the consideration of the resolution (H. R. No.
18) explanatory of "An act to suppress insurrec-
tion, punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the property of rebels, and for other
purposes," which was laid over from yesterday.
INTERNAL KEVENUE.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask leave of the House to
introduce an amendment to the bill of the House
JMo. 122, to increase the internal revenue, and for
other purposes. 1 do it at the request of ihe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. It is a new section
in place of section three of the bill, and 1 ask that
it may be printed.
No objection being made, the amendment was
presented, and oidered to be printed..
DAKOTA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish to call up now, if the
House will permit me, the contested-election case
of Jayne and Todd, from Dakota Territory. It
will lake but a short time to dispose of it.
The SPEAKER. It is a question of privi-
lege, and the Clerk will report the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, Tliat William Jayiic, liavin<r presented a cer-
tificate in due Inrinot' law ol'his election as Delegate irom
the Territoty of Dakota t<> die Tluru-Eishth Congioss, i-
entitled to tako the oatli ot office and ocenpv a seal uj tin*
House as such Delegate, without prejudice to the riuht of
J. ]). B. Todd, claiming to be duly elected thereto, lo prosc-
cure his contest therUoi, aceouhng to the lules and Usages
ot' tills House.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts lo allow me to oiler a resolution in refer-
ence to this matter, in order tjiat his remarks upon
the subject may be addressed to it.
Mr. DAWES. 1 have no objection.
The amendment, which was rend, was tostrike
out all after the word " resolved," and insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That inasmuch as neithcriMi. Todd nor Mi. Jayne, claim-
ants l'iOm Dakota Teri'ilmy, are adniilted lo a seal in tins
House, neither of them lie svvoiu now. lint the whoicnili-
jeet be referred hack to the Committee of Elections ior a
leport u[>on Ihe merits of the cum.'.
Mr. DAWES. The contest nt this moment is,
which gentleman shall occupy a seat here pending
the contest upon the merits of the case. The Com-
mittee of Elections had this particular question re-
ferred to them upon the first day of the session, and
the credentials upon which each of these gentle men
claims to be sworn in and to occupy a seat were
referred to the committee. The committee, have
liad that matterundcr consideration, and, without
entering into the question of which of these gen-
tlemen has actually been elected to the position,
have instructed rne to report that Mr. Jayne,
having presented certificates in^due form of law,
is entitled to be sworn,in and to occupy a seat
during the contest.
1 wish to state briefly the facts in the ease, and
then to leave it with the House. I think there
can be no doubt, provided the House ean decide
which of them presented credentials here accord-
ing to the forms of law, that he should be sworn
in. 1 know of no more reason why both of them
should be excluded from occupying a seat pend-
ing the contest than would prevail jn the House
touching any contest to a scat in this body. If
any one contests the right of another member to
a seat in this House, there is precisely the same
reason that both should be excluded pending the
contest as exists in this case. And if the facts
set foilh in the report be true, I think there can
be no more doubt as to which of these parties
presents a' proper prima facie case than exists to
the right of any other one to occupy a seat here
until some person shows a better right.
Therefore I am opposed in the outset to this
question being sent back to the committee, and to
both of these parties being excluded from a seat
in this House until that question be settled. If
one or the other of them has a right to occupy a
seat at this present moment—and it is either Mr.
Todd or Mr. Jayne—I take it for granted the
House is capable of deciding that question upon
the papers. The election at which both of these
gentlemen claim to have been elected to a seat
here, and in reference to which both of them have
presented documents which they call papers con-
testing the seat, was held on the 1st day of Sep-
tember, 1862, in conformity to the laws of the
Territory of Dakota. The laws of the Territory
have constituted the Governor, the chiefjustice of
the Territory, and the secretary of the Territory,
a board of canvassers, to canvass the votes for
this office, and to make a proclamation of the re-
sult; and they have also required the Governor of
the Territory, in addition to that proclamation of
the result, to furnish to the gentleman whom they
declare to be elected a certificate of this election.
It is required by the statute of the Territory
that this canvass shall be made upon the expira-
tion of fifty days after the day of election, or
sooner than that time if all the returns are in.
There is also a special provision that if the returns
uie not in from all the precincts within that time,
on the fortieth day the secretary of the Territory
shall send a special messenger to any precinct
from which the returns may not have reached
him. In this case there was no messenger sent
by the secretary of the Territory to any precinct
in the Territory; but after the expiration of the
fifty days prescribed by the statute the secretary
of the Territory and the chief justice of the Ter-
ritory, two of the three canvassers—the Governor
being one of the candidates at the election, and
the statute providing that if one of the canvassers
should be himself a candidate he should not par-
ticipate in the canvass—canvassed the votes as
they stood in the secretary's office, and found Mr.
Jayne to be elected by 16 majority. The sec-
retary of the Territory, in conformity with law,
made proclamation of that fact, and declared Mr.
Jayne to be elected, and this proclamation bears
date the 29th day of Novemberof the same year.
The proclamation was made by the secretaiy as
acting Governor, the Governor—Mr. Jayne him-
self—being absent from the Territory,and the or-
ganic law of the Territory devolving the duties of
the office upon the secietary during his absence.
The Governor returned to theTerritory before the
certificate of the fact of his election was issued to
him. By the same organic law he then became
Governor, and the authority of the secretary as
acting Governor ceased.
When he returned to the Territory the statute
required the,Governor to give a ccitificate of the
fact found by the canvassers. Mr. Jayne made
a ccitificate of that fact, and signed it himself as
Governor. Thus the matter stood until about
nine months after that time, when this same sec-
retary, without the assistance of either of the other
canvassers, gave Mr. Todd a paper under his
hand, and under the seal of the Territory, reciting
a fact, namely: that though the majority for Mr.
Jayne was 16, after the canvass was made, and
after the fifty days allowed by the statute for re-
turns to be made had elapsed, there came into his
office returns from Pembina, which is a precinct
a great, distance from the capital of the Territory,
and which is known, I believe, to the country and
in history. These returns were of 125 votes for
Mr. Todd, and 1!) votes for Mr. Jayne. About
six weeks after that, the secretary gaveMr.Todd
another paper, stating that he had not given any
certificate to any person, or affixed the seal of the
Territory to any such certificate. Those are Mr.
To'dd's credentials. Mr. Jayne's are the procla-
mation of the secretary and acting Governor of the
Territory, made in precise conformity to law,de-
claring him to have received a majority ofthe votes
in accordance with law, and also declaring him to
be elected Delegate from the Territory , and his
own certificate, issued by himself in strict con-
formity to the letter of the law, stating the same
facts. Mr. Todd presents only a statement from
the secretary of the Territory, that subsequent to
the time prescribed by law there came in these
Returns, from Pembina, and also another paper
stating thathe had given no certificate to any other
person.
This is the whole merit of the case. The Com-
mittee of Elections have entered into no investi-
gation astothegenuinenessof the vote from Pem-
bina, about which there is much contest between
the two gentlemen, and upon which, I suppose,
the right to the seat may_ultimately depend, the
one alleging it to be a genuine vote, and the other
alleging it to be entirely fictitious. It did not come
within the scope ofthe inquiry ofthe committee,
however, to examine that question at this pre-
liminary stage. I therefore submit to the House
that there can be no question on the prima facie
case,and thatMr. Jayne isentitledtobeswomin.
I believe that Mr. Todd, desiies to address the
House on this question, and I will, therefore,
now yield the floor. When he has been heard,
I propose to move the previous question.
Mr. SMITH. I regret to differ with the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections and with the
majority of the committee in regard to this case.
It is, however, a peculiar case, and one that de-
serves the serious consideration of the members
of this House before they vote upon the question.
Now, sir, an election was held in the Territory
of Dakota at the time prescribed by law. The re-
turns of certain portions of the Territory were
sent in to the secretary'soffice in propertime,and
the secretary ofthe Territory, not having received
the returns from one of the precincts or districts
of the Territory, Pembina? proceeded, with one of
the other commission >rs authorized by law, to
can vass the votes and to letermine who was legally
elected Delegate from the Territory.
The reason that the Pembina vote did not get
in was on account of the Indian disturbances in
that region, which cut off the communications.
The law required, however, that returns not re-
ceived by the secretary of the Territory in proper
time should be sent for. That requirement was
not complied with. Omitting the returns from
Pembina which had not come in, and counting
the rest of the returns, Mr. Jayne appeared
to have a majority of 16, and the secretary of
the Territory, in the absence of the Governor,
issued a proclamation declaring that Mr. Jayne,
having received a majority of 16, was elected
Delegate in Congiess from that Territory. The
secretary also gave a certificate to Mr. Todd—it
matters not when or how—that no seal had been
attached by him to any certificate of election. The
Governor of the Territory was absent when the
canvass was made and when the proclamation was
issued; but on his return, when lie assumed the
functions of Governor again, he issued a certifi-
cate to himself, sealing it with the seal of the Ter-
ritory, which should be in the possession of the
secretary, declaring himself duly elected Delegate
ill Congress from the Territory of Dakota. The
secretaiy of the Territory issued to Mr. Todd a
certificate, over his own signature, that he never
knew of the seal being attached to any election
certificate. Subsequently, or about that time, he
certified to Mr. Todd that the vote of Pembina
had reached the office and been counted, and that
the whole returns showed that Mr. Todd had re-
ceived a large majority over Mr. Jayne for the
oflice^if Delegate from theTerritory.
The fact that the returns of Pembina were de-
layed was no fault ofMr. Jayne, or of Mr. Todd,
; or probably of any person interested. It was
simply caused by the Indian disturbances in that
region of country.
Prom the complicated character of the certifi-
cates on both sides, I have thought it proper, as
far as I am individually concerned, to present the
resolution which I have offered as an amendment
to the resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections. I think that the House should say to
both these gentlemen that neither ofthem is shown
by the papers presented to be entitled to a seat as
Delegate, and that the whole matter should be re-
ferred back to the Committee of Elections for de-
cision.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I was
out of the Hall when the gentleman from Kentucky
offered his amendment, I would be glad to under-
stand its precise terms.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I understand
the gentleman's amendment to assume that there
