1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
has been no election in Dakota Teiritory. I think
that cither of these gentlemen must have a prima
facie oasti. If it be Mr. Jayne, t am foradmitting
him to a seat. If it be Mr. Todd, I am for ad-
mitting him. Either of them must have & prima
facie case; this being merely apreliminary matter
to determine who is entitled to he sworn in.
Mr. SMITH. I was coming; to that point. It
may probably turn out, on examination of the cer-
tificates, and of the testimony in the case, that
neither of these gentlemen is entitled to a seat on
this floor, and that the Committee of Elections
can do nothing else than refer the whole mattei
back to the people of the Territory. It is in that
"view that I wish the case to be sent back to the
Committee of Elections, so that the committee
may determine on the merits of the case and de-
cide whether either or neither of them is entitled
to a seat on this floor.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not propose,
Mr. Speaker, to discuss the merits of the question
now, but as I reside in the immediate vicinity of
this Territory, I wish to make a single renuuk in
regard to the wishes of its people. They are en-
titled to a representative on this floor, and in their
behalf I protest again3tthe adoption of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Smith.] Either one or the other of these
gentlemen has a prima facie case, and is entitled
to his seat; and the citizens of Dakota Territory
are entitled to have the benefits and advantages
of his representation. There are inteiests to be
represented here of importance to the people of
that Territory, and which demand immediate at-
tention. I therefore hope that the amendment
* will be rejected.
Reference has been made to the Pembina vote.
I do not think that that should control the action
of the Hvuse. A canvass was made at the time
prescribed by taw, and in that canvass Mr. Jay nc
was declared duly elected Delegate of the Terri-
tory of Dakota, and holds the certificate ofjhc
Governor of the Territory to that effect. That
certificate entitles him prima facie to a seat 011
this floor. On the other hand, Mr. Todd has 110
certificate either m substance or in form, lie has
no certificate even if Mr. Jayne were not heie
asking for a seat. Mr. Todd has no certificate
that would entitle him to be sworn in as a mem-
ber of this House.
This, Mr. Speaker, is all that I wish to say on
fhe question at this time.. I only rose for the pur-
pose of urging upon the attention of the House
the impoitance of admitting one of these men
upon the floor, so that the citizens ot'Dakota Ter-
ritory may be 1 ('presented.
Mr. GANSON. What Governor was it that
gave the ceittfkdte, and who attached the sea^ to
the certificate of election?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. It was the Gov-
ernor of Dakota Teiritory, William Jayne, the
only man under the laws who could issue that
ceitificate. I will state furthei, and u appears m
the report of the Committee of Elections, that.
Mr. Jayne holds a certificate in due form from the
present Governor of Dakota Territory, lhat
certificate is based upon the public records of the
Territory—a certificate not only from the present,
acting Governor of the Teriitory, butonc that is
countersigned bv the present sccretaiy of tiie
Territory, Mr. Hutchinson, the same man who
gave those several certificates to Genor.nl Todd.
Mr. GANSON. I am a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, and have attended every meet-
ing, and this morning was the first tune that 1
heard any ceitificate had been given by the pres-
ent Governor to Air. Jayne. I do not know
whether it came in before the action of the com-
mittee on the subject. 1 would ask the chairman
how this is.
Mr. DAWES. If my colleague on the com-
mittee will read the report he will see that after the
case was hoard by them, the House referred to
them another certificate given by the present Gov-
ernor, and countersigned by the same secretary,
John Hutchinson, bearing date December 26,
186.']. That certificate is appended to the icpoit.
Now, if any power was left in these paities to
make new papers 
Mr. GANSON. This certificate was referred
after the committee had acted on the case.
Mr DAWES. So the committee report.
Mr. GANSON. Therefore the position I took
jji tiie 1 nDimi'tf! is collect, that the only certifi-
cate before the committer when they acted on this
subject was the one which Mr. Jayne issued to
himself, and upon which the seal of the Teriitory
was not put by the custodian of that seal—not by
the secretary of the Territory, but without his
knowledge orcotiscnt.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I should like to
inquire of the gentleman from New Yoik whether
there is any law of Dakota Territory giving the
custody of that seal to the secretary of the Ter-
ritory?
Mr. GANSON. There is no law giving it to
the Governor, but it is made the duty of the sec-
retary to keep the records of the Territory, and
consequently the seal of the Teriitoiy. Tins cer-
tificate has never been recorded in ihe Territory
among the public records. 1 think that the < vi-
dence is pretty strong, and satisfies my mind that
it was surreptitiously obtained, especially when
a person certifies to his own election.
Mr. Speaker, 1 was nt favor ot leaving this mat-
ter until we had an examination into the merits
of the case. The cntiie evidence has been intro-
duced and refeired to the Committee of Elections.
It appears that the proclamation was issued by
the secretary in regard to the election befoie the
returns from this precinct had been made which
changed the result. It further appeal s lhat the
secretary omitted, as required by law if the returns
wcie not made within loity days from the enure
Territory,to send for them, and that tiie can vasset s
met, knowing that no returns had been made, and
that they had not been sent for from that ptecinct.
When they did come in they changed the lesult.
These cei tificates wen. all hud b< iuie the House
the first day of the session, and I well collect
that the pi oil action of the certificate of M1 Jayne,
ceitified to by himself, caused mei 1 lrnent in the
House, and 1 think that the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Hubbard] joined m it. i say mat there
was 2io pioper certificate of election befoie the
committee, and none befoie the House; and thai
when we look to the returns made, Geneiai Todd
has a majonty of the votes. Whether they are
to be counted depends upon the testimony relating
to the Hands wlncli it is alleged occurrcd in some
of the precincts. The commute* have not mves-
*tigated that. It took the gjound that it would
not. I think that file prima facie case is in la\or
of Geneiai Todd. The returnsshow that he has
a majority of ihe votes cast m that Terntoiy.
Mr. SMITH ERS. Before the discussion pro-
ceeds further, J would be glad to have Geneiai
Todd state his case, it he desires to do so.
Mi. DAWES. He bus the light to do so.
Mr. GANSON. After stating the giounds
upon which { dihsenud bom the repou ot the
committee, I intended to yield to Geneiai I odd.
I wish simply to say that if anybody lias a
facie case if is not upon the certificate, 111 my judg-
ment,. And if we tro beyond that, and look at
the returns, that prima facie case is in favor of
Air. Todd, because he has a mnjoi ity of the votes
that wei e cast.
Mi. WASflBURNE, of Illinois. My present
i impression would be that ihe proclamation issued
by the acting Govei noi is a sufficient« ertu'ieate to
eiiUth the paity holding. H to bo sworn in.
Mr. GANSON. By what law is jt 'dtclaied to
be so?
Mr. WASTIBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] who has
the law in his possession, will read it loi the ben-
efit of the ntleman fiom New "York.
| Mr. GANSON. By virtue uf what law is that
; proclamation made eudence here of an election'*
j Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. By value of
1 fhe law of the Ternary.
j Mr. GANSON. I do not undeistund that that
! amounts to a certificate at ail.
1 Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. And ail the
' remainder of the certificates are rrure surplusage
! m this case, i think that is sufficient here to en-
' title the claimant to be sworn m.
I Mr. GANSON. That proclamation is notde-
! clared by the statute of the Territory to be any
, evidence entitling a person to a seat. It is issued
j for an entirely different puipose.
! And I will state that at the time it was issued
i returns had been made from this distant precinct,
' and they were on file at the time the proclama-
tion was issued but not when the canvass was
made, and the reason they were not included in
i the <anvass was that the secretary failed to dis-
! charge a duty which was made imperative upon
j him; which was that if the returns were notmade
• in forty days he should send for them, ltisknown
here that there were disturbances there so that
the returns could not reach the seat of govern-
ment in forty days, and the person who was
charged with the duty of sending for them should
have sent a messenger for them, and when the
canvassers met he should have stated that he had
sent a messenger for the returns, and have re-
quested them to defer their canvass. They did
come in in four or five days after the canvass was
I made, and when they came in they changed the
entiie result.
j J?<>r these reasons I am in favor of this Terri-
! tory remaining unrepresented while this investi-
. gation is going on. J do not believe any great
' injustice will be done thereby, inasmuch as the
; committee have the entire testimony relating to
: the mei its of the case.
j Air. TODD, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker, inad-
; dressing the House it is my purpose to engage its
! attention but for a few moments. The remarks
; which I shall submit will be confined closely to
| the matter under consideration; and I design to
■ follow very nearly the line of argument j\dopted
| before' the Committee of Elections while investi-
; gating the subject now pending, deferring to a
| futuie occasion the privilege of entermgupon and
discussing the bioader field of the question in-
; votving tiie ultimate right to a seat in this House
! as the Delegate from the Temtory of Dakota.
! The matter now before the House to be determ-
ined is, which of two claimants shall be sworn
; in and occupy the seatas sitting Delegate, pending
; the contest now before the Committee of Elections
' for its examination. This pielimmary question
1 is one of fact. No tangled web surrounds it; no
; shadows obscuic it; no bidden secrets involve it
I in mystery. It is plain and simple, easy of solu-
. tion.
i Upon my credentials being presented, the Clerk
' of the House of Representatives placed my name
i upon the 10II of members. These consisted of
; certain certificates, given by the secretary and
I acting Governor of Dakota. Air Jayne presented
1 a proclamation issued by the acting Governor, and
also a certificate of election, signed by himself,
but not of record or duly sealed. Upon these
| exhibits the Cleik of the House decided, upon
1 the internal evidence, that I, having the largest
! number of votes, duly ceitified, was entitled,
, puma facie, to the seat as the sitting Delegate.
| The House, howevet, decided to icfer the whole
i subji et to the Committee of Elections, without
j admitting either of us to be swoin. I now pro-
I pose to examine these seveial papers, and will not
I :isk that they be read, as they have bcen-^read
I alieady.
I claim the right to have the oath administered
p to me as the sitting Delegate, upon the papers and*
i| pioois submitted, for the following reasons:
\\ Tin- credentials presented by Air. Jayne consist,
i first, of the pioclamauon of John Hutchinson, sec-
' reuu y and actingGovernoi of Dakota, (Governor
; Jayne being absent,) announcing l he result of the
i election, held m Dakota on the jst of September,
j 186:2,111 which he proclaims William Jayne duly
1 elected Delegate to the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
This proclamation beais date November 29,1£62;
and second, Governoi jayne's certificate, issued
■ to himself Jatiuai y ;>, 3trG3. Upon these he bases
[, his claims to a seat as Delegate m Congress from
j Dakota Teiritory, and asks that he be sworn to
! that place. I reply, lhat the ptoolamauon was
,, made, as claimedbut that such proclamation con-
i' furs no right, and of j tself cannot clothe him with
i any authority. It may he introduced asevidence
and treated as such, but cannot by the Hou.se be
i; made the basis for a seat m this body, his merely
!' declaratory of a fact; but the existence ofthatfact
does not depend upon the proclamation, but the
I' certificate, issued by the proper authonty, under
the great seal of the Terntoiy. The firoclamu-
' tion only notifies the people of the Tenhoiy of
; the ) e mi 11 of the election, and for this purpose
: alone was it issued. It might be true 01 false: in
neither case can it be resorted to for the purpose
! of sustaining or disproving n certificate ot election,
! properly made out and authenticated^
! It will be borne in mind that the point now be-
| fore the House is, which of the claimants is enti-
; tied to the seat upon the papers now presented:
I Mr. Jayne relying upon the secretary's proela-
