TIIE OFFICIAL PllOOEEDIXOS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, 1). 0-
TmilTi'-ElGHTH CoNTGREbS. 3 st SESSION.
SATURDAY, JUNE 25, 1804.
New Series No. 203.
of whom I speak went into the service under a
law which gave thorn these pensions. I think the
Government ought to keep good faith with th^m.
The Senator from Minnesota does not propose
that we should violate our faith; but he proposes
to let in on the same platform men who are meri-
torious I agree, but who did not come into the
service under any law other than that of patriot-
ism, which is, I agree, the higherlaw. Still, under
these circumstances I do not think they should
now be on a level so as to exclude and keep back
those who are clearly entitled by law to a pen-
sion, and the widows of such us have died ui the
service. I think we on^ht to let the bill pass with-
out this section; and then at another scssi^.i, or
within a short time, we may be able, and I trust
shall be able, to do ample justice to these persons.
Lctus at least get through with the cases of those
who went into the service under the law and re-
lieve them before we so incumber the office as that
they cannot be relieved in any considerable time.
1 go with the Senator in my desire, sincere and
strong, to aid these men, because I believe they
have a just claim; but i do not think their casts
should be interposed so as to prevent action on
the cases provided for by law.
Mr. RAMSEY. I take it the honorable Sena-
tor from Connecticut imagines a difficulty that
really does not exist. 1 take it that this section
of the House bill would not probably admit more
than one per cent, of the present number of per-
sons who apply for pensions. Then again there
is a class of men that we certainly should aunvt
who are entitled to pensions tqually with those
who are already provided for by law. A large
number of persons have been enlisted suddenly,
in th<£ exigencies of the service, and marched oif
to meet the enemy and brought into an engage-
ment before they were regularly mustered into
the service.
Mr. FOSTER. The bill provides for all such
cases.
Mr. RAMSEY. This section which it is pro-
posed to strike out certainly does.
Mr. FOSTER. There is another section that
does.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose then to amend this
section which is proposed to be stricken out, by
striking out the word "not" in the second line,
and after the woi d " enlisted,J fiddine: the woi ds
"and not regularly mustered into the service."
Mr. FOSTER. If the S<mVor will alow me,
the eleventh section of the bill provides i'.r just,
that class of cases. It is in th'-se words:
fc?ue. II. d he it further cna<h-l, That a'! en) -!<'d ?n]
in the Auiiy u ho --hali h.u e h'-emne <1i>:iim*d in ill"
mmvicej whcthi'i they shah have b"< :i rcfjnhuly .i.u t *i<*«I
in ot not, shall he entitled to tV* s..me benefit* ot the pen-
sion laws as tho-sc who have (m"m r 'juhuly mi: «tere i into
tin: United s-eivier; ami t'i" widow? 01 "Mcr de-
pendents entitled to pen^-sosw by L.w.as pie«"uhi <1 i>y f,te
act ot July 14, 3ct>2, of anv suet) soldier who ma\ nave
been killed, or shall irive died,?), MiaU heieanoj mi', in
it-a^uii of any wound ieo ■ ,'ed or <h ..Ms.,1 contnu feu woile
in 'j.ikI seiv.ee and in the hue oi tiu:y, shad be < .nined to
liie same pension a-' tliouirh such had b'j'.n legu-
Jaiiy musteied into the stivtce.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will withdraw my amend-
ment. 1 had nut tune to read the Lull tLr^'^h to
see whether it covered thos" c.t"es.
Mr. FOSTER. U covers the whole class of
c:ts< s alluded to by the Senator.
Mr. RAMSEY. I trust the Senate \\ ii! refuse
to strike out th<  ninth section.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 will r >y to the Senaf -r from
M'smoftOta thattheie mv tv/o or three te;j;ments
in my State m exactly :he :-atn" eondition as those
h) speaks of in Minnesota, who wese c.tbed off
into M:ssou!!, ami some of them ha\e been
wounded and killed; yet J jroow that safety to
the Xieasury requires that wo should ad"pt the
suggestions of the Comm^tee on Pensions, and
lei each one of 'hese c.isj-s at-itui on its own merits.
That is the only way.
Mr. RAMSEY. That i a poor argument to
the so hi ler or his fan.:'j".
Mi. GRIMES. It is the position they stand
mow; it is the posi'.on they have been m for
"h«  last sixty rears; and w.j aii^ht just as well
203
|| abandon all control overourTreasuryas toadopt
li the suggestion of the Senator from Minnesota.
| Mr. RAMSEY. I admit that has been the law;
! but here is a proposition from the House of Rep-
| resentati\fes to amend the law so as to cover their
11 cases, and it is now proposed to reject that amend-
I1 rhent.
ij The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
:j is on the amendment of the committee to strike
!| out the ninth section of the bill.
'j The amendment was agreed to.
\\ The next amendment of the committee was to
!j add as an additional section the following:
; Pec. 13 jlnd he it fui ther enacted, That the widows
mid children of eoloied t'oidieis who have been, or who
/j ni.u-he heieaft-'i, killed, or who have died or may bete-
11 altei* the of wounds received in b.mle, or who have died
i: or may heteafter die of di-ea^c contracted hi the military
ij seivicc of the United fcrtate*, nndm the lino of dutj, shall
he entnled to receive the pen-ton* now piovided hyhuv,
^ without other pioot of nmiui^e Than that the paities had
" habitually teeognized each oilier a-= itnn and wife, and
ij lived toaether a  such for a definite period, not lo.vs than
■I two yeai-, to be shown by the affidavits ot credible uit-
| ■ ne-ses: Pioriikd, That if such pames redded m any State
ii in winch then marriage may have been legally Mdcmnizcd,
the tibial evidence shall be requiied.
Mr. FOSTER. I will syy u word in regard
to this amendment.
The law now gi\es to black soldiers the same
■ i pensions that white soldiers are entitled to; there
| is no distinction now in our service as it respects
the soldiers themselves; but there is this unfor-
:| tunate distinction between the widows and elul-
!j dren of white and black soldiers: the blacks who
i1 come from the slave States, and who probably
' were slaves before they entered the service, al-
though they had wives and children, were not,
according to the laws of the States within which
they lived, legally married, and of course if they
were killed in the service tinder circumstances
which would entitle their wives and children to
ever so much consideration from the Govern-
ment, they could not by law he recognized as the
wives oi' widows and children ot the persons thus
killed. We thought that tins was unjust. -We
■ \ thought that the widows and c.mldien of the
|j black men who wete killed at Fort Pillow, and
ij since that the men who have been kiHed at Peters-
i| burg and elsewhere, lighting as gallantly and as
bravely as any men under the flag, be their coin-
plexion what it will, should be recognized by the
Government and should have the little peu.aon
that the law provides.
We therefore, in this sec'ion, provide for that
J| coii'in^eucy, saying tint the marriage shall be
11 sulliciently provcdif the partiesare shown to have
livni together for a definite period, recognizing
each other tis man and wife for a period not less
]i ihan two years. That m to be esteemed as proof
; of mamage that shall entitle the widow to a
wnlow's pension and the children born under
those circumstances to such pension as is pro-
!< vidod for the cb.l'hen of those wiio d.e in the ser- j
, vie-:. There is a proviso to the section that where j
j these persons come from States where their mar- j
!; riagcs'eould have been duly solemnized,the requi- j
'! sue proof of marriage shall be had. In cases, how- 1
is e\ei, whete by the laws of the State i;i which these j
■I parties uved tluy could notlegyily contract mar- j
t| ria°"e ther."1 was a necessity of course to provide }
!i what should be evidence of marriage; and this ;
;! the coMir.iive de uud to be suffuHit evidene.e, ;
,i for in ninior/. ail those ca^v, it is aU the evidence ,
,j that can L-- fo-i.'^H-d. I appeal to^tiu- Ser-ate, i
j tiierei'-re, -o pass this section hi oid^r that th's ;
,| chiss of uersom—aoi taey are nunurjus—may ,
ij be rei.ev J, •
•'j Mr. SMERMAN. I trust the Senator from ;
i| Conuec'icut wi'l allow tliis b.li to oe hud a^ide, J
■! as it evidently will load to debate, and ailow us to i
| proceed with the appropiiatton bill. I
If Mr. FOSTER, if it is likely to be debated at ;
i! any length, as the Sentator yielded to me, I shall
;J not piess it; but I have been waiting for a long
!j while to have it considered.
j| iVIr.SHEPi.MAN. i know from the remaiks
i! by Senators about me that this will excite discus-
!l s*on,andl trust we shall go on with the bill which
is the special order. This bill was allowed to
come in rather informally. I move that it be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL,
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
527) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1865-
Mr. HALE. On the 31th page, after the eighty-
sixth line", at the end of the appropriations for
the " Government hospital for the insane," I am
instructed by the Committee on Naval Affairs to
move the following amendment as additional
sections:
be it further cnacled, That the Secretary of the Navy
N hereby authorized and required to set apart from the pay
of any officer of the Navjr or of the marine corp«* who may
be under treatment by his order in the Government hospi-
tal lor the insane, such poition of the monthly pay of said
officer as may be needed for his personal use and comfort
m addition to the ordinal y lesoureps of that establishment.
be it juither enalted, That the snpeiintendent of
the Government hospital for the insane shall recommend
the poition of the pay of such olficei of hie Navy or of
thn marine corps that shall he set apait in the maimer and
for the purposes! de.sci ibed in the piecedm« section, but ihe
Suerefaiy of the Navy may in lus discretion increase or re-
duce the sum s--o recommended to be &et ap.ut.
.find be il further cuat'ed. That the said sum set apart
for the pei->'omil benefit of any officer of the Navy or ina-
rim corps undes ncatmint m the Ocvn nnicot hospital for
thj' insane by order ot the Secretary of the Navy, shall he
paid to the said superintendent of *hat institution by the
paymaster havmp chaise of the said officer's account-, and
the iceeipt ol «aid superintendent for the sum winch is
aufhon/.ed by the Secretary ot the Navy to he drawn fioiu
said pavma^ter shall he e<iuivalent to the receipt o! the
legal guuidi.m uf s-nd officer, 01 to that ol the oflicer him-
self. "The sa:d suncrnitendent shall disburse the money
thus set apait and diawn by ium,and he shall account for
it m the quarteily stat( meats to the Fointli Auditoi of the
Tieabury.
1 suppose thisamcndmentsafficientlyexplains
itself. There are some officers in the iiospila!
who require some luxuries or something1 ot that
sort that they have always been accustomed to,
but there is no provision for it; their whole pay
is paid to their guardians; and this amendment
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to set apart such sum as he shall think necessary
to be paid to the superintendent for the comfort
of those patients and taking care of them. That
is the whole of it. It is recommended by the
superintendent of the institutionary! by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer an amendment,
to insert at the end of page 14,under the head of
" Miscellaneous," the following:
Foi the conjunction of a biidse across the Republican
river on the mihMry load at Fort Uiiey, $10,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask theSenatnr if ho
is author.zed to offer that amendment from any
committee.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am authorized to
offer it ftoin the Committee on Territories. The
road where it crossed the Republican fork is on
the fort reseive, on the Government lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Has thcie ever been n
bridge there''
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think there has been
a budge thereuntil very recently. F<>rt Rtley
standstill the fork of the Kansas and Republican
rivers. Trains goin  west are very frequently
detained there for days by the want of this bi idge.
Mr. GRIMES, i do "not think there has ever
been a brida;-1 there
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I think there has
b^en.
Mr. GRIMES. There has been a ferry there.
Mr.LANE,of Kansas. I thinkthere hasbeen
a bridge. 1 have never seen the bridge, but [
saw the remains of one. My colleague knows
all about it. •
Mr. l'OMEROY. The Government built a
hi id'^e there some years ago.
Mr. GRIMES. How long did it stand?
Mr. POMEROY. I think it stood about a year.
During a freshet it was carried off; but it would
