238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Januftry 15,
mation and the certificate issued by himself to
himself'; and I upon a certificate from the secre-
tary and acting Governor after all the returns were
received.
That the proclamation was made, and that it
stated correctly the canvass of the vote at the time,
is not denied. Such canvass, however, took place
before all the returns were received and returned
to the board of canvassers.
I desire here to presents letter addressed to the
board ef canvassers of the election returns in Da-
kota, objecting to the canvass being proceeded with
and concluded until sufficient time had elapsed for
the absent returns to be received, and will read it:
-Yanktok, Dakota Territory, October 21,186a.
Gentlemen: Havmgbeen informed tins morning by your
board, at its first session, that ail the return* of the late ter-
ritorial election had been received from the different coun-
ties, with the exception of those from Pembina, I now
submit that further ttme should be given for those returns
to be received. The tbiity-third section, chapter thirty-
two, of the Code, requires the board of canvassers to moot
.on or before the fifueth day after the election. Thatiime
having arrived, you have mot aecouhug to the statute.
The thirly-fouuh section,fame ehajUcr, requires*that if the
returns m any county in thisTeiritoryfehall not be leeeived
by the secretary of the Territory within forty days after the
election, he shah foith\yuh dispatch a mc.s&enger to the
elefk ot the county whose returns have not been received,
for a copy of them. This has not been done, as I am in-
formed by tho secretary. The import, by fair and reason-
able construction of this section is, that due and reasonable
time shall be given for this messenger to go and leturn to
the county whose icturns are wanting, and I objcct to the
closing of the canvass until such time shall have been
granted and eiapsed. The county of Pembina is an essen-
tial element m this canvass, ami the rights and privileges
of its citizens should be so far respected as to afford them
the opportunity of being icpresenied by the returns.
ft is well known that"a cruel and lelentless savage war
*ag€S upon the northeastern border of thh Terutoiy, dis-
turbing, if not intercepting, tho eommnni&Htum between
Pembina and the capital, and that we havexvery reason to
believe that the returns from that county have been delayed
from this cause. Therefore it  s eminently proper thatthis
canvas should he delayed until sufficient time hastiapscd
for the communications to be adjusted or reopened and the
returns received. And I have no doubtthat they will Kill
he here as soon as it is practicable for a im-v^nger to pass
through the country, and for these ic.isons I ask the can-
vass be not closed until such time.
Ti e last advices from IVmbina that I know anything
about are to tiie 20th of August, in which it is stated the
returns will be forwarded immediately aftnr the election,
and I attach the certificate of the postmaster of this place
Of the date of its postmaik arid its receipt iieic.
Gentlemen, it is not to be disguised that there is a deep-
seated feeling in the minds of the people of Dakota in re-
gard to your awaid of tho£eiti(icatu of election, in view of
the great, glarenf, and patent fiauds which have been com-
mitted against the dignity of the Territory and the rights of
individuals, and with you rests the responsibility.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. B. S. TODD,
To the Honorable the Board of Canvas^erb of the Terri-
torial Election of Dakota Territory, Yankton, D. T.
The secretary of the Territory failed to comply
with-ihe thirty-fourth section, thirty-second chap-
ter, of the laws of Dakota, which requires him to
dispatch a messenger to the cleric of the board of
county commissioners within forty days after the
election,in case the returnsare not. received. The
object of this law is to prevent any canvass by
the board until all the returns were received; and
the candidate duly elected cannot be deprived of
his seat by the neglect of the secretary to perform
a duty enjoined upon him by law.
The proclamation, then, was not issued upon
the canvass and result of all the votes, but only
upon tho canvass and result of partial returns,
and hence was imperfect and incomplete. Upon
such canvass Mr. Jayne is declared elected by a
majority of 16 votes. It is therefore submitted
whether Mr. Jayne ran rely at all upon the pro-
clamation for the purpose of strengthening his
own certificate of election, and whether the House
must not determine the issue in the first instance
upon the question raised by the two certificates.
How, then, stands the ease when tried by the
standard of the certificates? The certificate of
Mr. Jayne bears date January 5, 1863. This is
signed by William Jayne, Governor of Dakota,
and issued to William Jayne, declaring him duly
elected as Delegate to the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress. It would be charitable to presume that
William Jayne, Governor, and William Jayne,
Delegate, were two differentand distinct persons,
as it could hardly be supposed that a man occu-
pying the exalted position of Governor would so
far forget himself as to become the author of his
own certificate in a closely contested election. I
repeat that such would be the presum-ption if not i
foiord to a different conclusion by the fact that
no other man of the name of Jayne was the Gov-
ernor of Dakota, or was ever a candidate for Del-
egate from that Territory. The two are one and
identical. • _ ■
Governor Jayne, then, issues the certificate,
upon which he relies for his seat, to himself.
This, I affirm, he could not do unless he procured
the secretary of the Territory to attach the seal,
and then it would be manifestly improper—
" charnna son gout." The certificate, to be valid,
must have the seal of the Territory attached. The
secretary is the custodian of seals, his office the
depository of it, and no other person has the right
to use it. He, and he alone, is responsible for
its use, and if surreptitiously obtained and the
impression made witnout his knowledge and sanc-
tion, such fact being made to appear, the docu-
ment thus falsely sealed is not sealed at all, and
of course void as a sealed instrument. This cer-
tificate is not attested or countersigned by the
secretary. The organic act of Dakota, section
three, requires the secretary to "record and pre-
serve all the acts and proceedings of the Governor
in his executive department."
The Secretary, under date of September 26,
1863, certifies that he had issued no certificate of
election to any person as Delegate from Dakota,
that there was no record in his office of any such
certificate having been issued, and that he had no
official knowledge of the seal of the Territory hav-
ing bce*Q affixed to any such certificate. How then
came the seal upon Mr. Jayne's certificate? The
secretary did not place it there, yet he was the only
person who had authority to do so.
There is no record of the certificate, no record
of the seal, and no such certificate has ever been
issued or recorded by the secretary. It is true
Mr. Jayne issued a certificate to himself. But
where did ho obtain tho seal? As Governor the
seal does not belong to him, nor is it under his
control, and most certainly not for the purpose of
authenticating documents issued to himself.
Painful as it is to contemplate, I am reluctantly
forced to the conclusion that Governor Jayne not
only issued the certificate to himself, but, without
the knowledge of the secretary of the Territory,
obtained the seal of the Territory, and attached'it
to his own ceitificatc. Upon this certificate he
asks to be invested with all the rights and privi-'
leges of a Delegate in Congress. Had there been
th« slightest necessity for such conduct on the
part of the Governor; this great breach of execu-
tive propriety might be palliated; but such was
not the case. When the proclamation was issued,
November 29, 1862, and signed by the secretary,
as acting Governor, why was not the certificate
then issued to Mr. Jayne, as mandatory by our
law, section thirty-three, chapter thirty-two, or,
if not then, why not afterwards? For it was not
only most clearly proper for the secretary, as acting
Govei nor, to issue the certificate ofelection to Mr.
Jay no,providing lie was elected, but it was his duty
to do so. Why, I repeat, does Mr. Jayne assume
to act in his case, declare himself elected, issue his
own ccrtificate,procurethe seal without the knowl-
edge or consent of the secretary, authenticate his
own certificate, when there was no necessity for
all this? Only one conclusion can solve this
strange conduct of the Governor, and that is that
the delayed returns having been received changed
the result as announced by proclamation, and,
shunning the test of truth, he took the nearest and
surest road to the object of his aspirations by is-
suing his own certificate to himself. It is true the
law contemplates the issuance of certificates by
the Governor; but surely not when he is a party
interested. This is one of those exceptional cases
not provided for by law. As well mightthejudge
upon the bench sit in judgment upon his own
conduct or decide a case in his own favor, or the
marshal execute a writ upon himself for his own
arrest, as the Governor to confirm his own acts
by which he was to derive benefit and advance-
ment, the law being equally directory in these
several cases.
Such being the condition of the certificate of
Mr. Jayne, how is it in relation to my own5 Be
its character as it may, construe it as you will, it
is issued by the proper authority—the secretary
of the Territory and acting Governor. It is duly
sealed; it comes from a disinterested officer in the
discharge of official duty. It is dated August 15,
1863—it is true nearly a year after the election;
but as the Thirty-Eighth Congress did not con-
vene for some months after this is immaterial,
and if issued in time to take my seat, then it is
sufficient. Prom the certificate it will be seen that
my majority is 90 votes. This certificate is is-
sued after the receipt of all the returns, and must
f re vail over that held by Mr. Jayne, issued to
imself, upon a canvass of only partial returns.
As an additional reason for claiming this seat,and
certainly one which will have great weight with
the House, I invite attention to the contested case
from Nebraska before the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress. Mr. Morton held the first, and of course
elder, certificate, issued by the Governor in due
form. It was based upon the report of the board
of canvassers declaring him duly elected. Many
months after the issuance of this certificate the
Governor issued another certificate, without fur-
ther canvass, upon his own volition, and gave it
to Mr. Daily. In this certificate the Governor
assigns his reasons for giving it.
There is only this difference between the con-
tested case of Nebraska and the one before On
House from Dakota. This difference is an im-
portant one in support of the position I assume,
and 1 ask attention to it. In the one, Governor
Black issued the first "certificate after all the re-
turns were received and canvassed, and justifies
himself for issuing the second on the ground that
a portion of the returns before the board of can-
vassers was a fraud throughout. In the case from
Dakota, the firsi> certificate was issued upon in-
complete returns, and the second one recites this
fact, and shows my majority to be 90 votes, as
ascertained from full returns.
It will thus be seen that the present case is
much stronger in support of the position I assume
than was that from Nebraska in favor of the claim *
of Mr. Daily, who held the junior certificate. In
his case the Governor, upon his own volition,
sets aside the vote of a precinct counted by the
board of canvassers for Mr. Morton; and in the
present case the acting Governor includes the vote
of a district which was not before the board of
canvassers at the time of the canvass, but which
when received changed the result of the count.
In one case the vote of a precinct was rejected*,
in the other the returned vote was counted. Yet
the House of the Thirty-Seventh Congress gave
Mr. Daily his seat, holding as he did the junior
certificate, based upon the opinion of the Gov-
ernor that the board of canvassers had included a
fraudulent vote in awarding Morton's certificate.
Upon precedent and parity of reason the House
cannot but award me a seat,claimed by virtue of
a junior certificate, based upon complete returns
made to the secretary of the Territory in conform-
ity with law.
For these and kindred reasons which will sug-
ge^themselves to the consideration of the House,
I submit the case to it in the ful^assuranee that
its decision will be governed in a spirit of equity
and with wisdom.
Mr. SMITHERS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man how he claims that the certificate of John
♦Hutchinson of the mere fact of the number of
votes dated on the 15th of August, 1863, is a cer-
tificate of election, when the same John Hutch-
inson, on the 26th of September, certified that he
had never issued any certificate to anybody? .
Mr. TODD. In the argument I made before
the committee, I did not claim that the certificate
I presented was in due form of law. I also de-
nied that the certificate of Jayne was in due form
of law, and it was so conceded.
Mr. Dx^WES. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put.
Mr. DAWES. I have one word to say now
in r^)ly, as I am entitled to close the debate after
the mam question is ordered.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Ganson]
and the member from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,]
both members of the. committee, and the contest-
ant, place this matter upon the ground that there
is no official evidence here that can be taken notice
of by the House of the election of Mr. Jayne
as delegate from that Territory. I call the at-
tention of the House to what the secretary, the
acting Governor, says in obedienee to the law
upon that subject. The law says that in this case
the secretary and chief justice shall,upon the ex-
piration of fifty days from the day of election,
canvass the votes. Of course they must canvass
the vote as they stood upon the fiftieth day. Their
duty is prescribed by law, and that is to canvass
