1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The gentleman from Kentucky, who last spoke,
sought to illustrate his argument by two in-
stances, which I will here cite. Why, he asked,
can Kentucky prescribe a condition upon which
parties may use the waters flowing through Ken-
tucky? I answer, yes; if Kentucky created these
waters. If they were not created by the Al-
mighty, and were merely by certain acts of Con-
gress prescribed as common highways, I say
yes, she would have the right, because they were
her own crcation. And Congress, when it seeks
to deprive Kentucky of that right, must compen-
sate her, because ownership and the right of pre-
scribing terms follow one the other. Let me il-
lustrate my meaning by a supposed case. New
Jersey proposes to build anew State House,and
makes a contract with mechanics. The plans
and specifications are perfect ones for that pur-
pose. Bu^-the United States want a powder mag-
azine, and it is absolutely necessary that Gov-
ernment should have it. No one will doubt the
power of the United States to build or establish
such a magazine. Could Congress direct the con-
tractors who are building the Stale House to
change the plan and construct vaults for powder
under the New Jersey halls of legislation ? The
answer is, that New Jersey may build its own
State House and the United States their own mag-
azine; the right of each is separate and distinct;
the one cannot interfere with the other. In like
manner New Jersey may construct her own
roads for her own purposes, and to be employed
as she shall prescribe,and Congress cannot change
their nature or object. But whenever within the
limits of the Constitution a road becomes neces-
sary for the purposes of the General Government,
Congress may authorize its construction. The
gentleman who last spoke refers to the power of
Congress to regulate commerce. Congress has
the right to say that upon such and such terms
goods may pass from New York to New Jersey,
or shall not pass. But Congress has'not the right
to say that ccrtain individuals shall carry at cer-
tain rates; it has not the right to lay its hand upon
any man owninga horse and wagon,and say you
shall carry goods at such and such a rate. It can-
not, without compensation, seize certain wharves
in New Jersey and devote them to purposes not
sanctioned by the owners. Itcan presenbeterms
of intercourse, but it cannot interfere with indi-
vidual rights in so doing.
My design m speaking at all was to call the
attention of the House to a distinction between
the extreme views expressed upon the one side
and the other of this proposition, and to insist
that the bill which I originally introduced, and
which was to provide for a grand highway be-
tween New York and Washington as an original
act, is the only mode by which Congress can se-
cure both objects.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Itis known
to gentlemen, Mi. Speaker, on this side of the
House that I have not had an opportunity of
hearing much that has been said either for or
against the passage of this bill. If, therefore, I
travel out of the usual line of debate, and shall ■
fail to answer the principal arguments heretofore
advanced in its favor, I am not without apology.
1 take up the subject as I find it upon my file,
and proceed to give the reasons which shall gov-
ern my vote against the bill.
The bill declares:
That the railroad of the Camden and Atlantic Kail Com-
pany. and the branches thereof built and to be built, and
the laihoad of the Raman and Delaware Cay Rail Com-
pany, and the blanches thereof built and to be built, are
her<"b> declared to be lawful fctructuies and public high-
ways of the United State*.
That the said railroad arid branches, with a feny or fer-
ries Hum Camden, in the State ot New Jersey, to Phila-
delphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, and steamboat:* and
other vessels? fiom Port Monmouth, m the State of New
Jersey, to the cjty of New York, mnmng in connection
with said roud^, u*ie hereby established and recognized as
a post route, military road, and public highway ot the
United Stales for the purpose of transmis&ion of the mails,
troops, and munitions of war of the United States, and for
the transportation of good-?, ware*, and merchandise of for-
eign giowth across the State of New Jersey, under permits
granted by" the collectors of poits of the United States au-
thorized to grant the same, and for commerce amt>ng and
between the several States of the United States.
And undertakes to grant:
That the Camden and Atlantic Railroad Company, and
the Raritan and Delaware Cay Railroad Company, char-
tered by the State of New Jersey, or either of them, 01
their assigns, are hereby authouzed and empowered to
complete, maintain, and operate the said raihoad^ and
branches, and to establish, maintain, and mu the said fej-
lies, steamboats, and otliwatfesscls as a line of transporta-
tion for goods, wares, and merchandise of all descriptions,
and passengeis between the cities of New York and Phil-
i adelphia, and between the- intermediate places and said
cities,respectively,and for cmnmcrce between and'among
the several States of the United States, anything in any
law or laws of the above-named States to the contrary not-
withstanding.
The first question that naturally arises is, wh^-
this proposed action of the Congress of the Uni-
ted States? Why this interference by the United
States Government in a matter so clearly within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of New
Jersey? a State which is still admitted, I believe,
to he a sovereign State of this Union, one of the
old-thirteen that made the Union, and therefore
one of the original pillars upon which our fathers
erected the grand superstrucU|gfc of all our national
greatness; and I know of no State in the Union
that has so outgrown her original proportions as
to have either absorbed any of the powers, im-
munities, or attributes of that State or crushed her
in any way into a smaller compass than she is
entitled as a sovereign State to occupy. She still
lia<! her Senators in the other branch of Congress,
and I observe some gentlemen on this floor who
are still recognized as coming from the State of
New Jersey. In the history of my country I find
that my native State still occupies the proud po-
sition of having been the battle-field of the Revo-
lution, and during the present war, although she
has less of the responsibility of bringing it on
than perhaps any other, yet with fewer general
officers in proportion to her population and the
number of soldiers sent, the footsteps, the graves,
and the crimson of her soldiers mark the pi ogress
of our armies in victory and in defeat wherever
the national banner has been thrown to the breeze.
And as a Pennsylvanian I have not forgotten with
what alacrity—less than one year ago—her Gov-
ernor and her sons responded to the call of my
State, and sent us regiment after regiment to de-
fend us against the ravages of the invader, and
that while our Governor was waiting for permis-
sion to call out his own militia. She proved to
our satisfaction then that she was not only a sov-
ereign State, but that her Governor and her sons
were loyal and patriotic citizens, ready at a mo-
ment's warning to discharge their whole duty to
the Union and to the citizens of her sister States.
If I go to the office of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral 1 find that she has responded to every call
that has been made upon her lor men and money;
and I believe she is the only one of the old thir-
teen that has notsuifered adraft, but has promptly
filled every call for men with volunteers, if I
recur to the rolls of her enactments, 1 find that
eaily in the war she provided by law for most
ample bounties to her soldiers, and at the same
time provided by fixed appropriations for a lib-
eral support of the families of her volunteers.
Yet in the face of all these things I find the Con-
gress of the United States gravely considering
the propriety, not of seizing or authorizing the
seizure of one of her thoroughfares for military
and postal purposes, nor complaining that their
use for such purposes has been refused, but after
having used them from the commencement of the
war up to this time, itis now proposed to'declare
certain detached railroad and steamboat routes
public highways, and to grant to them certain
powers, franchises, and privileges, to be exer-
cised and enjoyed by them in spite of the constitu-
tion and laws of that State, as well as of the States
of New York and Pennsylvania, upon which this
route terminates. Is there anything in the char-
ters of these companies that makes them private
roads? Are they not already public highways?
And can there be anything in the track of these
steamboats in and under the brine of the Atlantic
that requires congressional legislation to make
them pi^blic highways—tracks and routes threat-
ened by the privateers of the southern confed-
eracy ? By what authority does Congress pro-
pose to make these seizures and to grant these
franchises?
Gentlemen say it is a military necessity; they
want this route to transport troops, supplies, and
the mails, so as the better to Enable the Govern-
ment to carry on the war. Have we any troops,
supplies, or mails that we cannot transport over
the Camden and Amboy or theNew Jersey Central
railroad ? Do we expect to have such large quan-
tities of in the future that other roads will
be needed to transport them in addition to those
already built? What war are we about to beerv-
gaged in that will require such irarriense quanti-
ties of troops and supplies?"' I badvhoped;fV6'm
the promises of the party in power1 that th© re-
bellion was about being "crushed out-arid thfewar
soon to close, or at least that the demand/Vor
troops and supplies in the future-would bfe
half so great as it has been in the p£St; \ IfJthe
so, then 1 ask why this uneasiness astd oarabjil-
ity to transport all that we shall need? We'have
already granted, so -far as we could grant*Au-
thority to. the military to seize and run any rail-
roads in the Union found necessary for military
purposes, an authority which the Executive had
as much right to exercise, and more, than we to
grant. The executive branch of the Government
lias as much power growing out of public mili-
tary necessity as Congress can possibly have,
neither being able to go beyond an absolute and
immediate necessity. But what troops is it pro-
posed to transport over this route, and to what
destination? Is it expected that the battle-fields
of the rebellion are to be transferred from the
South to the East? Or is Massachusetts about
to " swarm" with soldiers marching to the field,
according to the ancient promise of her Governor ?
Are Greeley's "nine hundred thousand strong"
about to move? Or are we about to be involved
in a war with some foreignPower that may land
their forces on the shores of New England? If
the latter,"! would suggest that some route for
the transportation of our troops be selected which
is more inland than the one proposed. It seems
to me^|hat in such an event no prudent com-
mander would risk the transportation of his ar-
mies upon steamboats so liable to be demolished
by the iron-clads and gunboats of amaritimefoe.
Some two years ago I had the honor to repot t
from the Committee on Roads and Canals a prop-
osition to give to the Heading and Columbia rail-
road, m Pennsylvania,some governmental aidto"
enable it to be the more speedily completed soas
to form the connecting link of a mostdirect inland
route from Baltimore'to New York. Part of the
road was then graded, and my plan was for the
Government to advance to the company the cash
for her first mortgage bonds issued by State au-
thority, so fast as the road should be graded and
the track laid.
This route led from Baltimore by the way of
Yoik, Columbia, Reading, and Easton m Penn-
sylvania, over the New Jersey Central railroad
to New York. It was not proposed to either add
to or take from any of these roads their chartered
franchises. This was at a time when the peace
of the United States and Great Britain had just
been jeopardized by the Trent affair. This prop-
osition was based upon the fact that between Bal-
timore and Philadelphia, at Bush Creek, Gun-
powder, and Havre-de-Grace, a maritime foe
might break our communication, and it was aban-
doned because it was found there was no encour-
agement unless the friends of the measure would
conscntto " log-roll" with the Illinois ship canal
and several other military necessities of a similar
character. That road is now in running order,
and will be formally opened in a few days, and ,
then, as the report in that case shows, we will have
a perfect and direct inland route from this city to
New YorkJso far lemoved from the seaboard as
to be out of all danger from an invadingfoe. The
military necessity, then, was to avoid the coast
and the inlets, bays, and arms along it. Now,
however, the military necessity has changed, and
these are represented as the safer routes. These
conclusions are fairly drawn from the bill and
the arguments in favor of its passage.
But, sir, it seems to me that so far from there
being any military necessity for the passage of this
bill and the establishment of this route, there is
not even a military pretext in us favor,and that
the route, if established, will be found so incon-
venient and dangerous as to prevent its being ever
used for such purposes.
I can hardly believe, therefore, that this pro-
ject has the sanction of any military authority,
excepting it be the camp-followers, contractors,
and stock-jobbers, who hang round the capital
seeking new sources of plunder and peculation.
I regret, sir, to observe the parus&n spirit that in
some respects has characterized the debate upon
this question by the advocates of the bill. If we
were permitted to judge by the manner and tem-
per with which the Cumden and Amboy railroad
