1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1288
from the President and from his advisers. I turn
from him and I appeal to the august forum of the
Seriate of the United, States, in whose custody
are the rights of the States and the rights of the
people. 1 appeal fiom Caesar to the Senate, and
I invoke you by that love of constitutional lib-
erty which animated your fathers, by that love
of civil liberty which caused the effusion of such
precious blood in revolutionary times, by that
love of civil liberty which has animated the hearts
and awakened the hopes of the wise and good
in all ages of the world, interpose your power for
the protection of the rights of the people of this
country, save them from this impending military
despotism, allow no pretext of necessity to pre-
vent you from a manly, senatorial discharge of
your duty, because it is not only the! fate of those
now opposed to this Administration that is in-
volved in this question. If power accomplishes
its purposes in this instance, as it has in foimcr
instances and on former occasions, you who have
built up that power may find j^oursclves the sub-,
jeetsof the same common oppression. I appeal,
therefore, to a sense of right, to a sense of duty,
and to a sense of interest. Rising to the height
of this " great argument," and considering calm-
ly the importance of the appeal which a violated
Constitution and the sufferings of an oppressed
people make to you, interpose your high senato-
rial authority against furtherexecutiveusurpation..
Interpose now, or civil Jibci ty to yourselves and
your posterity will be forever lost.
Air. JOHNSON. It is my purpose at sonic
future day, with the peimission of the body, to
address the Senate upon the bill which linn been
the subject of debate for the last two or three
days; but I do not propose to do it at this ti-me,
nor to do it at any time when the Senate may be
engaged in business that requires more immedi-
ate attention. I move, therefore, that the bill lie
over infoimally, and 1 will call it up at some other
time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator fiom
Maryland inov'S to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate •uljourn to tiny, it be to
meet on Monday next.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the repot t of the committee of j
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 34) m.Jcmg ap-
propriations for die support of the Military Acad-
emy for the year ending June 30, 1865.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to say two or three svordn
to the Senate in vindication of my own course
upon this bill, and nut with any hope or any de-
sire of procuung a rejection of the ieport. The !
mischief in the present law which it was the pur-
pose of our amendment to correct was this: the
present law i^ives the power to select cadets for
theMiiitary Academy at West Point to the Presi-
dent of the United Stutrfi; it hunts the number of
those cadets to the number of congi essional dis-
tricts in the United States with t*_n jwiditional se-
lections to be made by the President at large. It
happens at this time that there arc sixty-one con-
gressional districts within the United States which
aie not only not represented in the House of Rop-
lesentatives, but which owing to their peculiar
position are so circumstanccd that the Picsident
cannot obtain the necessary infoi mation in order
to make proper selections for the School from
them. We have no communication whatever
with a laige portion of those districts. In many
of them, probably, suitable pupils could not be j
found. Thus it happened that there were sixty-j
one vacancies m that School until some appoint-
ments were made by the President recently. It
was the object of the amendment to enable the
President to fill up those vacancies by selecting
proper pupils, and not confining him to the sev-
eral congressional districts not now represented
at that Academy.
That was the purpose of the amendment; and
the amendment had this fuither purpose, to in-
stt uct the President to select those pupils fiom the
Ai my—me: it> i inus young men who have ren-
dered military set vice to the couutiyin this war.
The purpose I deemed a jus>t one, and am unwill-
ing to abandon it. The loyal people of the Uni-
ted States «re now sustaining the whole cost of
maintaining the School, and ought to have the full
benefit of the School. The School ought to be full.
If we are put to the expense of providing the
instruction and the accommodation certainly our
young men should have the benefit of the instruc-
tion for which we pay and those accommodations
which we have provided.
But it was objected to in the other House, on
the ground that the amendment proposed here
gave the right to the President to make these se-
lections. I have already stated that the President
has a right to-day to make the selection of every
pupil that goes to that School, and does do it.
Voluntarily, by his own will, he is guided in
those selections by the recommendation of the
Representatives from the several congressional
-districts, not as a matter of law but as a matter
of legulation which he has adopted for his own
guidance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Long practice.
Mr. HOWE. I understand "long practice,"
but it is sanctioned by no law whatever, the law
expressly giving to the President the right and
the power and the duty of assigning pupils to this
School. The amendment was amended in the
House of Representatives so as to provide that
each Rcpi escntative in the present House should
select an additional cadet to that Academy. The
effect of that would be to increase the number
about one hundred and ninety, to make the whole
number about five bundled, when four hundred
is the utmost limit to which the accommodations
of the School are equal. The moment this was
pointed out, it was conceded, and Senators have
undoubtedly noticed, from the statement in the
House of Representatives, that it was conceded
that theamendment proposed by that House must
be abandoned, that each member could not be al-
lowed to select a cadet because the School could
not accommodate them. There was no way there-
foie in which the House of Representatives could
by possibility, if the right were ever conferred
upon them, exercise this power of selecting this
additional number of delegates unless they could
go into Committee of the Whole by themselves
and select the given number to fill up the School.
In that state of the case, a majority of the con-
ference committee saw lit to abandon the effort to
fill up the School at all; and the result of our ac-
tion, if we concur in the adoption of this report, is
precisely this: to leave (he School, run atoui cost,
maintained at the expense of the people, unrep-
resented to the number of some fifty or sixty ca-
dets. I was unwilling to acquiesce in that neces-
sity, and therefore I declined to concur in the
report of th e committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, f should like to ask the
Senator from Wisconsin a question before he sits
down. Do I understand him to say that the Pics-
ident lias filled upheietofore from the vacant dis-
tricts by appointments recently made, and what
is to prevent bis continuing to do so 1
Mr. HOWE. I understand that the President
of the United States has made some appointments
to that Academy, exceeding the number of ten
which he is by law authorized to appoint, making
the selections at large. The precise number he
has so appointed I do not know; but it is said here,
and 1 think coirectly said, that he lias disregarded
the existing law in making1 these selections, be-
cause he is instructed by the existing law to select
them from the respective districts; they must be
residents of the several districts from which their
appointments purport to be made; and the object
of this amendment, as I have already intimated, is
to relieve him from that limitation and allow him to
make the selections from the Army, to give him
the express authority of law for doing what he
has done. It seems to me very necessary to be
done.
Mi. TRUMBULL. Then I understand that
the President already makes these appointments;
and if 1 undeistand the Senator from Wisconsin
rightly, it is not proposed to change it at all. 1 he
President proceeds, without strictly complying
with the law, as 1 undeistand him, to iiil up the
Acadcmy under existing laws, and this does not
change it. Well, will not the President pursue
this! practice? Tin"re is nothing in this bill, it [
understand it correctly, to change the practice that
tiie Prrsident has adopted of filling up the Acad-
emy without strictly conforming to the law, and
I suppose he will go on to make these appoint-
ments.
Mr. HOWE. There is an amendment already
agreed to by both Houses, which provides that
no cadet hereafter appointed not in accordance
with law shall be paid. , ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is intended to check
that practice?
Mr. HOWE. It is a positive instruction to the
President not to make any more appointments
unless he can select from those districts which
are not now represented in the House of Repre-
sentatives. ' .
The report was concurred in.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the joint res-
olution (S. No. 16) for the amendment of the
Constitution.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose the honorable
Senator from Illinois does not desire to go on with
that subject this afternoon, and I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; andaftersome time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 25, 1864.
The House metat twelveo'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approve#.
POST ROUTES IN IDAHO TERKITORY.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post ItoatU be instiuctcd to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a poet toute from Fort Bridger, in theTeiritory
of Utah, via ltichvilie, Soda Spring, the upper crossing of
Snake liver, and Viigima City to Hell Gate, in the Teirl-
tory of Idaho. Also, a post route from Bouse City, in the
Territoiy of Idaho, via Croylon, to connect with ihe mail
facilities leading to San Francisco at ot near Humboldt, in
the Territory 01 Nevada. ALh>, from Placeivilie to Fay-
etieville, in the Tejutory ol Idaho,
PR13VJBNXION OF FRAUD.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Commerce, re-
ported a bill for the prevention and punishment
of fraud in relation to names of vessels; which
was read a first and second time.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Treasury Department, .January 8, 1S54.
Sir: There aie no adequate statutory provisions in foice
for the punishment of masters and owners of vessels for
changing the name- of the latter, and foi Munlar fraudulent
ptaeticcfc. Worthier hulks have liefu vamped and re-
painted, either to he disposed of to Government agents on
som<? sudden enu'nieuc>, at e^oitmant prices, or to be sent
out under new iiamus, to endangi'i large amounts of prop-
erty and the lives of huridieds of pa^engei-;. The third
section of the actof Peeemhei 31,1/92, piovides that k{tho
name of eveiy ' reyi^ti-red' ship oi \essel, and ihe poit to
which she «hall belong, -hall he panned on h<>r s-tein. on a
black giound, m while letters., ol not le«s than three inches
in length and atnxes a penalty of filty dollars for a vio-
lation of the pioviMon- But thi-< has been evaded by paint-
ing, in larger letters-, on the wheel-houses, a different hut sim-
ilar name, and adeernsinc by the same; while complying
hleiallj with the statute by Keeping the old name upon the
stern, wheie it i< hjs^ conspicuous, <uid consequently less
less Jjkeiv to attract the attention ol the unwary.
Stungent enactment.-, for the prevention of {lauds of this
ch.'uaeter, and lot then adequate pmu&hmcnt, seem to me
to he desirable.
With great respect, P. CHASE,
Sec) ctaiy of the Ticasury.
Hon. E- B. Wamujlrnt, Chainnnn of Committee on Com-
meyce, United Slates House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not equally important
that those rules shall be applied to sailing vessels
as well as steamboats ?
Mi\ WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This fraud
cannot be perpetrated upon sailing vessels as easily
as upon steamboats. I have heard of no com-
plaint concerning sailing vessels.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that the fraud can be
perpetrated upon sailing vessels.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On the Mis-
sissippi the original name appears upon the stern
and another name is painted upon the wheel-
houses. There are few sailing vessels that carry
passengers. I deniand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
