2260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
and-the State of New Jersey have been assailed,
we might infer that the establishing of this route
was expected to run the stock of that road out of
the market and to knock the bottom out of the
State of Hew Jersey entirely.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,]
while speaking against the right of the States the
other day to tax the dividend and property of the
national banks/or State and municipal purposes,
took occasion to assail the State of New Jersey
by referring to that State as one that would^be
likely to attempt to tax these favored and priv-
ileged institutions out of existence. He spoke
in the most contemptuous manner of State sov-
ereignty, and threatened the people of the free
North, if they objected to this new congressional
currency, with the devastations of Virginia. It
was a lit thing, sir, that this tirade against State
rights and State sovereignty should come from
one who is so largely indebted to the overthrow
of State sovereignty for all the public positions he
has ever held, whose State has become a mere
dependency upon the General Government and
whose people have become the subjects of a sort
of viceroy.
If 1 read the history of Baltimore aright, the
gentleman did not come to Congiess until the
jaws of his State had been set at defiance by the
Plug Uglies, Black Snakes, and Blood Tubs of
his district, nor again until the popular will had
been overawed by Federal bayonets. Had New
Jersey ever allowed to be enacted within her bor-
der the scenes (hat have disgraced the soilof Ma-
ryland, she might veiy properly be held to the
opprobrium and contempt of all honorable men.
New Jeisey is one of the most law-abiding Suites
in the Union to-day, and always lias been true to
herself, to her people, and to the General Gov-
ernment. She allows no conscript to ii* ht the
battle of the General Government for her, nor
'does she allow one class of her citizens to either
sell or steal from another to exempt her from her
military obligations. There was a Slate of Alai y-
land once, and her people vfreie fiee, and she was
represented by statesmen in Confess. Were
tho.se statesmen here now .she mi;;ht ir^ain her
former proud position. If she had her vn tue yet
her honor might be restored. Then she made
grants ami ceded a pot lion uf her territory to the
General Government by well-defined limits. Now
the General Government overrides her State
boundaiies, crushes out her State government,
and absorbs the whole-Slate under the domina-
tion of the Distiiet of Columbia. Thin is the
kind of spun that demands the passage of ibis
bill, and yet the measure finds f.woi with honoi-
able gentlemen representing sovt reign States on
this Jloor.
Some gentlemen exclaim against the payment
of the ten cents tluough passenger tax imposed
by the State of New Jersey upon this company,
and hurl their anathemas upon the company for
paying it. We pay a similar lax on the Phila-
delphia and Baltimore road, yet the gentlemen
propose to connect then new i oute with this i oad
and make no complaint. If u be au.^weitd lli.\l
tiie fiee ticket of the member obviates the diJii-
eully in this case, I reply that the memhei \s con-
stituent is not thus favoied. To have to pay ten
cents because of this doetrine of State rights, ex-
claimed the amiable gentleman fiom Michigan
[Mr. IChli.ou(rj the other day, is*hn outiage.
Ten cents! exclaims anothei; across outrage!
Why, Mr. Speaker, I had no idea there weie so
many ten-cent " Jimmys" on the intensely loyal
side of the House. And I would be much grat-
ified if some gentleman would inform me what
soit of a military necessity it is that ptoposes to
relieve a member of Congress from the payment
of ten cents.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have hastily leviewed
this question in itsnution.il bearings, and finding
nothing that would warrant me in doing so much
violence to my conscience as to vote for this bill,
let me lor a few moments call attention to it as a
practical woi k of internal impiovemont. Let us
view this question stripped of ail the embarrass-
ments we arc under because of the want of con-
stitutional uuthonty in the General Govmiment
to legislate upon matfets so exclusively within
the jurisdiction of the Slates as the granting of
charters of incorporation and corporate franchises
to railroad companies is.
The trade of the United States, especially since
the breaking out of the vebellion, is between the
East and the West and through the middle
States in those directions; and if this war is con-
tinued much longer under the present plan of
prosecuting it and for its present purposes, this
generation will never behold any other channels
of trade in the United States. There are three
great thoroughfares which carry thfe trade and
travel. The one is the northern thoroughfare,
and is composed of the New York and Erie ca-
nal, the New York and Erie and the New York
Central railroads, and their connections east and
west. Anotherof these is the southern thorough-
fare, leading over the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
and the Pennsylvania railroad to Philadelphia,
and thence by the Camden and Amboy and the
New Jersey rallied to New York; while a third
is that which is now being rapidly developed
and carries part of the trade and travel of the
Pennsylvania railroad and the Philadelphia and
Erie railroad over the Lebanon Valley, the East
Pennsylvania, the Lehigh Valley, and New Jer-
sey Central railroad to New Yoik. The com-
pletion of the Morns and Essex railroad from
[laekettstown, New Jeisey, to Ea.ston, Pennsyl-
vania, now under contract, will relieve the New
Jersey Central raihoad of some of the burdens
imposed upon it, in addition to those of the Dela-
ware, Lackawanna, and Western railroad. These
two roads in New Jersey will soon carry the
bituminous coal of the West and the anthra-
cite coal of the SchuylciH, the Lehigh, and the
Luzerne coal-fields to New York and the East.
Add to these the connection now being completed
fiom Baltimore to Reading,and there is made up
one of the grandest thoroughfares of tiade and
travel in the world.
As a Representative of the Lehigh valley I can
perceive that it might be the interest of some of
my constituents to support this measure, for the
reason that while the loute it proposes to estab-
lish can amount to very little, with its dangers,
ferries, and reshipments, yet its establishment
will be, as I believe it is intended to be, a blow
at the Camden and Amboy railroad, which will
jesult. in damaging the southern thoi oughfai e,
and incidentally benefiting the middle or < ential
loute, in which some of my people are inti*i ested .
Philadelphia)!*! will oppose this measure be-
cause of its tendency to destroy their most reli-
able through route. No bridge can ever he erected
for ratito.ul cais to cios-i at that city, without a
diaw, and no drawcould be used for the cars be-
cause the vessels would keep it constantly, open.
The loute would then have two ferries between
Philadelphia and New Vol k, if that up the New
Yotk bay can be called afeiry. Hy the Camden
and Amboy i.ulroad there is a budge at Trenton,
ami Phihuielplnans know that it would he better
for them, instead of contributing to the annoyance
of this company, to encourage them to lay addi-
tional tracks, so that the volume of tiade and
travel between their city and New York may be
swelled to its utmost extent. The interests of
Philadelphia in this respect aie the interests of
Baltimore, and so of nil cities and poisons niter-
esu d in tin Pennsylvania uidrond, which, by the
I Philadelphia route, c.uries New York trade and
j navel one hundtid and six miles further than if
J that trade and travel left that toad at liamsburg
j and took the dnect cenhal route to that city; and
! the Philadelphia and Ene, bring owned in part
! by the Pennsylvania IVntial, is identified with
j the interests of that road.
| In this respect 1 find myself anil my colleagues
: fiom the Lehigh and Hei ks disturts dilfeientiy sit-
' uuted from gentlemen repiesenling the East and
1 the West, whose mleiests lie in keeping all these
j gieat thoroughfares open and in competition with j1
i eai h other. If by this measme Philadelphia
| could secuie such an enlargement of the;r facili-
i ties tor trade and tiavel with New Yoik as to
j (haw olf the tiade and travel from the valleys of
, the central route, they would then be expected to
j fa\ or it, and we to oppose. But it promises no such
1 tiling, whether so intended or not it will and must
; result only in embarrassment and annoyance to
the only tollable route between those two great
1 cities, and to the extent that the measure suc-
ceeds will Philadelphia be the loser in the end;
and whatever that city loses the State will also
:'lose. Hence my people are always nueiestedin
i the success of our large cities, for their growth
I and wealth and power add to the wealth of the
State, and lighten the burdens upon the rural
districts.
I shall therefore vote against this bill, not so
much because of any interest that may be in-
volved in it as because of the want of authority m
the Constitution to entertain it, and the dangerous
precedent its passage will establish.
Mr. PRUYN. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has yielded me the remainder of his hour.
Mr. STILES. If the gentleman from New
York will yield, I will move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 think ^e might as well
finish this bill this evening. We have had an
unusually full discussion, and I think it i& time it
was brought to a close.
Mr. STILES. Does the gentleman desire to
take a vote this evening?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. '
Mr. PRUYN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that several members are anxious
to leave the House to look after sick and wound-
ed soldiers, and it 'is questionable whether we
shall have a quorum here much longer. A gen-
tleman upon the other side of the House has just
asked me to pair off with him for that "purpose.
I do not think we Shall have a quotum to vote
upon this bill to-night.
Air. SCHENCK. Probably the absentees will
be about the same on either side. I do not pro-
pose to occupy but about ten minutes' time.
Mr. PRCJYN. How much time have I re-
maining of the gentleman's hour?
The SPEA KER. About thirty-four minutes.
Mr. STILES. I insist upon my motion to
adjourn.
J NEW NAVY-YARD.
Mr. HRANDEGEE. I ask the gentleman
fiom Pennsylvania to withhold his motion for
the puipose of enabling me to make a report
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, merely
lor the put pose of having it printed.
Mr. STILUS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. 1UIANDEGEE. f ask the consent of the
Houstj to make a repoit from the Committee on
Nuwil Allans, in response to a icsolution of the
House instructing them to inquire into and report
upon the expediency of the establishment of a
new navy-yard for the construction, docking,
and repair of iron-clad and other vessels, ami the
proper site for its location. All 1 ask is that it
be punted.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I do notobjectto the re-
ception of the report, but I do not see my col-
league [Mr. Kelley] in his seat, and I know he
is preparing a minority report, and I wish the
two irports to go together.
jVl r. B!i ANDEGEE. I include that in my mo-
lion to print.
Theiepoit of the committee, together with the
views of the minority, was then ordered to be
printed.
Mr. S TILES. I nowrenew my motion to ad-
journ, and demand tellers upon it.
Telleis were oideied; and Messrs. Stiles and
Noutox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 51, noes (j*>.
So the House refused adjourn.
RAILROADS TO NKW TO UK.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose, that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Piiuyn] having yielded
tor the motion to adjourn 1ms lost his right to the
floor, or at hast that the time occupied by these
proceedings tn relation to the adjournment will
be deducted from his hour.
The SPEAKER. It will not. The Chair will -
have a passage from the Manual read.
The Clerk icad, as follows:
'£ A motion tor adjournment cannot be made while a
memhei w .--peakm<4, inn, .loeouluiu to the pi.f-tiee, u m<*tn-
bei .NjM'akiisj: ma\ > n id foi a motion to adjourn, or ihat Hie
committee \v utiout lu.-iny las light to the lluoi when
the Hj!>j<-<.t i*5 ruMtmid.'1
MtvPRUYN. Mr. Speaker, this discussion
has rtheady coveicd so much ground and some
portions ot the subject have been so entirely ex-
hausted that I intend to pass by points upon which
I should otherwise have spoken, and to confine
myself to some views of the question which I think
the House ought to consider.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. With the per-
mission of my colleague, I desire to make a sug-
gestion. it is apparent, I think, that no vote can
