THE OQFGTOSIWAL GLOBE
June 24,
ninth sections "of that act, and I inquire of him
whether he has looked, with theacuieness which
&e always brings to the consideration of questions
efthat character, to the effect of his amendment,
ff ;th.e Constitution of the United States of itself
•would authorize a slave to be carried from one
.port of the United States to another port of the
United States, then they' may be carried, except
so far as Congress under the commercial power
may think proper to restrain it,and the object of
•the two sections he proposes to repeal is to re-
guain it. Thocighth section prohibits their being
carried 111 vessels of a less tonnage than forty tons.
-That he proposes to repeal. Then if 1 am right
—and I am sure I am right—in the judgment of
•the courts they may be cariiedin vessels of a less
amount of tonnage than that. The ninth section,
-the other one which he proposes to repeal, pro-
vides for the manner in which they may be carried
in vessels of forty tons or more than forty tons;
and for the purpose of protecting one who is
claimed to be a slave but who may be free against
being sold into captivity in a State where he may
•not be able to establish his freedom by evidence,
certain regulations are prescribed by Congress
for the protection of the freeman, who, because
be is black, when he gets into a State where sla-
very exists, may be sold and may be held in sla-
very forever thereafter.
If the honorable member repeals that section,
what is the result? The result is, that in all ves-
sels of any amount of tonnage slaves may be car-
ried, no matter at what hazard to the slave, no
matter at what hazard of life or liberty, pro-
vided I am right, and I repeat 1 know that I am,
and the courts will hold, that under the Consti-
tution of the United States there is nothing to
prohibit it except in the power which it confers
upon Congress to regulate commerce between the
States and foreign nations, and consequently, in
the absence of such regulation, these people may
be carried. If I wanted to accomplish the object
which the honorable member supposes southern
men in the past, at any rate, were anxious to ac-
complish, to open this trade entirely, to permit
the slaves to be carried from one port to another
without restraint, I would join hands with him
and repeal these two sections of the act of March,
1807. Nothing is clearer in my judgment than
that they may be carried in a vessel of any amount
qf tonnage, and they may be carried in any man-
ner in which the master of that vessel and the
master of the slave think proper to have them car-
ried, ifthose two sections are repealed. Instead,
therefore, by this particular measure, of accom-
plishing the purpose which the honorable mem-
ber says he always has in his mind's eye, of
striking at the institution of slavery wherever it
exists, he will grant a larger license to the insti-
tution than our ancestors granted, and a license
which they intended to restrain by the very sec-
tions which the honorable member proposes to
repeal.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course I differ radically
from the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
on the merits of this proposition. He is always
willing to interpret' the Constitution for slavery.
1 interpret it forfreedom. And yet he isanxious
lest the repeal of the two obnoxious sections reg-
ulating the coastwise slave trade should leave it
open to unrestrained practice. I do notsharehis
anxiety.
Where will the slaves come from? Not from
the rebel States, for emancipation is the destined
law there. Not from his own State, for emanci-
pation will soon be the law theie. But oven
should slaves he fmr.d for tli.s Gallic (which,
thank God, cannot bp the case) I am unwilling
that Congress should continu** to regulate the
ignoble business. Our statute-book should not
W defiled by any such license. Remove this
license and the Constitution, rightly interpreted,
will do the rest.
It is h«re that the difference arises between the
Senator and myself. He proceeds as if those old
days .still continued when slavery was installed
supreme ovv the Supreme Court, giving im-
munity to slavery everywhere. The times have
changed, and the Supreme Court will yet testify
to the change. Tome it seems clear that, under
the Constitution of the United States, no person
can be held as a slave on shipboard within the
national jurisdiction, and that the national fla°-
cannot cover a slave. The Senator thinks differ^
ently, and relies upon the Supreme Court; but I
cannot doubt that this regenerated tribunal will
yet speak for freedom as in times past it has
spoken for slavery. And I trust, should my life
be spared, to see the Senator from Maryland, who
bows always to the decisions of that tribunal, rec-
ognize gladly the law of freedem thus authorita-
tively pronounced. Perhaps he will be astonished
that he was ever able to interpret the Constitution
for slavery. If he is not, others will be.
But my special purpose now has been to re-
move odious provisions, and I have contented
myself with words of repeal, in the hope of pre-
senting the proposition m such a form as to unite
the largest number of votes. My own disposi-
tion has been to go further, and to add words of
positive prohibition. But, at the present mo-
ment, I am willing to waive this addition, and
content myself with the simple repeal, that our
statute-book may no longer be degraded, trusting
that the Constitution rightly interpreted will do
the rest. And yet the positive prohibition, which
the Senator seems to invite or to challenge, would
not only purify the statute-book, but effectually
guard against the future, so that both Constitu-
tion and law would be arrayed against an infa-
mous traffic. Clearly this ought to be done; and
if I have not moved it, do not set it down to in-
difference or inattention, but simply to mydesne
that the proposition, moved as U is on an appro-
priation bill, should be limited to the necessity of
the occasion. To do less than I propose would
be wrons. I should be glad to do more.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am surprised that any
Senator should oppose the proposition of the
Senator from Massachusetts, for we all know that
eventually it will be adopted. The objection as
to its materiality or proper connection wall this
measure is but an objection of time. No gentle-
man can question that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will-eventually carry his pioposuion.
Why, sir, about two weeks ago this body after
full discussion deliberately voted that the Con-
stitution imposed a duty upon Congress and the
President of the United States; the present in-
cumbent of the presidential chair in his inaugu-
ral address said that that duty rested as an oath
upon the conscience of every Senator to see that
there was an efficient and adequate law for the
return of fugitive slaves; and yet under some pro-
cess, not the force of argument, butthrough some
influence that the uninitiated cannot understand,
after the Senate had rejreted the proposition m
its original form, it was earned through yestei -
day by a large vote.
Why then contest the matter longor? Let tin
Senator bring in his propositions. The Senatoi
from Ohio [Air. Sherman] made an effort to stay
the progress at one point upon the Constitution,
and did for a while save the act of 1793 and the
signature of George Washington; but the Senator
from Ohio finally failed yesterday and it all went
by the board. He may for this hour and in tins
debate, upon a technical pomt, pievent the adop-
tion of the measure of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts upon this bill; but that it will come in
this body i have no doubt. It may as well come
now as at any time. Let it be understood that
all the positions assumed by our fathers touching
the relations of these States are to be wiped out
at once, and then 1 suppose the Senators that
accomplish so much will undertake the work of
reconstruction or the formation of a new Union!
Sir, I regret to see this. Every law put upon
the statute-book by our fathers with a view of
carrying out the pruvisions of the Constitution,
or in pursuance of the spirit of the union between
the States, I regret to see wiped out; but we have
witnessed it, and I think the eiFort to delay is
useless. We may just as well let it come now
as at any time, if misfortune comes of it I am
not responsible, and there are other Senators who
are not responsible. 1 believe this Union is to be
restored upon the Constitution, if it is ever re-
stored, and I do not believe there is wisdom or
patriotism or virtue enough now to make a new
Union, and if we do not come back again upon
the old Union substantially and upon the basis
of the Constitution I do not hope for a new
Union.
Mr. President, I am not satisfied that the true
friends of the Union are the men who are break-
ing all the bonds that our fathers made to hold
the States together. One ligament after another
gives way in the presence of the sentiment of the
hour; and yet Senators who will adopt these
measures call themselves specially Union men,
and upon some occasions doubt the fidelity to the
Union of Senators who oppose this policy. I
claim to be a Union man, because I'stand upon
the bond of the Union, the covenant that brought
these States together; and if 1 go outside of that
covenant I cannot well claim to be a Union man.
I do not suppose this law that the Senator pro-
poses to repeal is important in any respect, but
it simply shows the purpose that is to be success-
ful in this body—whether in the House of Rep-
resentatives or no I cannot say—of breaking down
all the institutions that our fathers* established
based upon the relations that exist between the
States and within the States. If in the end, some
years from this time, we iind a broken Union,
some States gone South, some Statesgone off by
the Pacific, some States gone to the West, some
perhaps in the East, it will not be charged upon the
men who stood day after day and year after year
upon the Constitution; but true history will write
it down that the responsibility is with that class
of politicians who from day to day weaken the
bonds that hold these States together.
Sir, at the commencementof this war the North
was a unit and the South was divided. Now the
North is divided and the South is a unit. Why ?
Let Senators that ask for success in the war an-
swer the question, why? Because here in this
Sernfe you said to the honest people of the coun-
tiy that this war should he to preserve theUmon
and the Constitution and not to break down the
institutions of any of the States, and the people
believed you, and they rallied from the wheat-
fields and the corn-fields and shops everywhere
to make a glorious army. You did not have to
send provost marshals after the young men then,
for they rusned forward themselves, and theques-
tion was who should get into the first regiment.
Now the bloodhounds of war have to be sentupon
the track of the you rig men of the country to bring
them into the Army; and why? Because faith
has been broken with the people, not by the
statesmen with whom u is my pride and pleasure
to think and to act, but by Senators and Ptepie-
sentatives who have attempted to takeadvantage
of this convulsion in our country to break down
the institutions of ihe States. The country had
aright to demand of the Senate, the country had
a ru>ht to demand of Congress and of the Presi-
dent faith to the Crittenden resolution, the high-
est. faith, because you asked the people for their
money, you asked them for their blood, and you
said it should be upon that proposition, I put it
to the honor of any Senator, has it been upon
that proposition? Has not every possible oppor-
tunity been taken advantage of to strike at the
peculiar institution of one section of the country?
1 have never considered, as a public man, the
question of slavery in a moral aspect. Our fath-
eis have agreed to it; they wrote it down in the
Constitution that it should be respected and pro-
tected in certain regaids; and as they have cove-
nanted in respect to it, so I have looked to it. To
stand upon that covenant and agreement I felt to
be my highest du'y as a citizen, and especially
when I took an oath to respect the Constitution
that they made.
Sir, 1 did not intend to discuss this question,
but rose merely to make these suggestions. 1
hope to see this Union restored; 1 hope to see it
restored with the Constitution preserved; bur 1
say to Senators that I have no hope of the Union
that will bring us greatnessor prosperity outside
of the compact that our fathers made. Is there
any Senator heie willing to say in his pl,^e HuU
the virtue and intelligence of this day uie superior
to the virtue and intelligence of the revolution-
ary day? I presume not. is the public mind now
in the proper condition to make a new Govern-
ment, to bring these States together again ? Sir,
our only hope is to go back again upon the old
Constitution—-the Union as it was, the Constitu-
tion as it is. Because 1 believe that is the only
hope of our country, I oppose all propositions
like that presented by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. They do no practical good, but every
such measure as that says to the Union men of
the South, V You cannot rely upon the Noith."
The southern men were eneouraged to h< r< de
upon :lie argument presented by southern dema-
gogues or statesmen, whichever you choose to
