12-8 '4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
main question ordered. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
• Mi'.WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reported adversely upon the
following cases; which were laid upon the table:
Petition of J. W. Roach and Joseph L. Haley,
for compensation for brig Madeira sunk by Uni-
ted States steamer Clyde, and other losses occa-
sioned thereby; and
" Papers relating to the compensation of collect-
ors of customs upon the northern frontier.
SATUKDAY SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that Saturdays here-
after be devoted to business instead of to making
speeches. Lnst Saturday the speeches seemed to
have run out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman wishes to consider public business on Sat-
urdays I do not object.
Mr. STEVENS I propose that public busi-
ness shall be considered.
The SPEAKER. That will require unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOLMiVN. I trust that the proposition
will not include to-morrow. Members have made
arrangements for to-morrow to attend at the De-
partments. Let it operate after to-morrow.
Mr. STEVRNS. I do not object to that.
Mr. HARRINGTON. Iff understand the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I liuvo an objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to move to rescind the order setting aside Satur-
days for general debate, hut the lule requires that
the morning hour of Satuiday be devoted for pri-
vate busmen.
Mr. WA8IIISURNE, of Illinois. Rut I sup-
pose at any lime tlu> chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Mi-ans or any other member may
move to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, oven during the morning
Hour.
TheSPKAICKIi. Tliatis Hue, Imtin the House
the morning hour will be devoted to private bills.
Mr. WAhSTi IJCIRNK, of Illinois. Unless the
chairman of the Committee of Ways ,uul Means
moves to go into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The chairman ean move to
£0 into Committee of the Whole ut any time. Is
there any objection to t he proposition of the gen-
tleman lrom Pennsylvania3
The Chair hoars no objection, and after to-
morrow the entire Saturdays will be devoted to
public business.
The  SPIv\ fvKR subsequently stated that under
theorderof the House in reference to setting aside
Saturdays for public business, the Chair could
eutcitain no motion on Fiiday to adjourn over
until Monday.
Mr. STEVENS. Of course that was the, rea-
son I made the proposition.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not think thai un-
derstanding was had generally by the House.
Surely the effect of the proposition of the gentle-
man horn Pennsylvania was not understood, or
it would have been objected to.
i lie The Chair thinks it is too
late now to ol'jiu.
ISN'UOIjTVED BILL.
_Ms. ( 013B, from the Comm.ttee on Enrolled
Billa, lepoiied that tlmy had examined and found
truly em-oiled a joint resolution (fc>. "No. 31) au-
thorizing the issue of a register to the stunner
Mohawk; when the Speaker signed the same.
A 0 liic I' I TV r, A L CUf, L U G KS.
The regular order of business having been
called fin —
The Si'EA KKll stated that the regular order
was a jepoit fioin the Committee on Agriculture ?
according to h-ave planted yesterday.
Mr. CLAY, iioia the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with a lecommondanon
that it do pay.-;, *. bill (S. No 1:2) extending the
time within which tin; .States and Teriitoriesmay
accept the grants of land made by the act entitled
" An act donating public lands to the several
States and Territories which may provide col-
leges for the benefit of agricultural and mechanic
arts/' approved July 2, 1862.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. HOLMAN offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the first section:
Provided, however, That tlie State oflndiana, instead of
appropriating the land, Jane] scrip, or the proceeds thereof,
to which that State shall be entitled by accepting the pro-
visions of said act, to the purposes specified in said act,
may, in the discretion ot'its Legislature, apply the same \o
tiie education of orphan children of &oklier  a.-d scainmi of
said State who have died, or may hereafter the, from
wounds received or sickness contracted in the line of duty
while in the military or navnl service of the United dtat'o
daring the piesent war, in such manner as the said Legi*-
latuie may provide; it being the intention of Un^piovt-ion
to enable the said State to apply the land, land scnp,or the
proceeds thereof, to either ot ihcpurpov-. al'mi^aul, but t?>
no other purpose whatsoever. And if applied to the pur-
pose specified in the act afinesaid, it is nor intended by thi^
pioviMon to relieve the &<ud tftato from any ot the condi-
tions of said act.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the amendment by inserting the State of
Illinois.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this bill before the Ho«se
for action ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest that the bill
had better be printed and the matter allowed to
go over for the present. It makes a very radical
change in the gencraljrolicy.
Mr. llOLMAN. It certainly makes no change
in the geneial policy. The joint resolution ex-
tends the time two years from this period, dming
which the States may accept the grant under the
conditions of the act, and this proviso authorizes
the State nf Indiana cither to apply the land to
this particular subject or else to apply il to the
benefit of and educating tin; orphan childien of
deceased soldiers and seamen who shalUbedui ing
the present, war. Uut the .State can apply the
land to those two objects only; and if they ac-
cept the land and apply it to the pui post s speci-
fied m the original net, then all the prowMonsof
that act will apply to the State. I think 1 am
prepared to say ih.it this amendment, which af-
fects Indiana alone, is not only generally satisfac-
toiy lo gentlemen upon tins floor who repiesent,
that State, but will be entirely so to the people of
thai State. It enables the Slate to apply the land
to one of two ohjei ts, ibe L< gishuure to determ-
ine whlih uould be Ihe most beneficial to the
people inteiest< d. The "rant lo the Slate is un-
impaired. Indiana ,o<epih the donation on the
same 0 1111■< a •> the otlui States, and if .she applies
the land.- to (be original object of the donation,
the conditions of thai donation must be complied
with as ni oilier States. If, however, the eil'ec.ts
of the wai, in the judgment of her Le-iislatme, de-
mands the appropriation of the lands to the ben-
efit of the oi phan child i en of hei citizens who have
fallen in the nationald< 'eiise, you eonfei the power
to make such appiopi latum, nothing more,
Mr. MOULtiLL. I tiust the limise wdl nil-
deistand the pi oposiiam which in presented by
the gentleman fioni Indiana. It' the House st e
fit to adopt that,any State can mine forward beie-
aiter with appropiiation to diveit this fund to
any other charitable and benevolent purpo.se, and
in the end the whole design of the act will be fi it-
tered away. I do not understand that the State
of Indiana has even asked that the act shall be
changed as the gentleman proposes by his amend-
ment. Uut if they do so piopose, 1 bust this
(louse will hesitate long before they divert a fund
solemnly dedicated to another and entirely d ifler-
eut pui pose. As I understand it, the object of the
ougmal donation was to enable the industrial
classes of the country to obtain a cheap, solid,
and substantial education. I ti ust the House will
not begin thus early to fritter away the whole
purpose of that act. If we aie to begin now,any
other State, as has alicady been suggested by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.WAbiniuitNE,] with-
out any expression upon the pan of the Legis-
lature or the people of a State for that purpose,
may come in herewith a similar request, and in
the end the whole purpose of the act will have
been destroyed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Voimont will have perceived, it he
listened to the reading of the amendment, that it i
proposes to leave it discretionary with the Leg is-!
lature to apply these lands to the education of the
orphan children of soldiers and seamen of the State
who have died or may hereafter die from wounds
received or sickness contracted in the service.
Mr. MORRILL. There are a great many other
worthy and benevolent objects. Another State
might come forward and, instead of proposing to
benefit orphan chddrcn,ask permission to estab-
lish a deaf and dumb and blind institution. I am
opposed to mingling these subjects together. I
trust the House will vote down any proposition
of so insidious a character as the one now pre-
sented.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not exactly like the
temper in which the gentleman fiom Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] approaches this subject. It may
be much better for the State of Vermont to apply
these lands to the purpose originally indicated by
the bill. It may be far better for the State of In-
diana to apply the lands for this other purpose.
The condition and wants of the States may be en-
tirely different. 1 do not know that the gentle-
man from Vermont can say to the Representatives
from Indiana that it is better for her people that
these lands shall be applied for the purpose of
agricultural colleges rather than to the benefit of
the children made orphans and rendered destitute
by the calamities of war. These children need
and must receive the fostering care and support
of the Government, unless the Government is will-
ing to foiget that in its defense their natural pro-
tcetois, tiie parents, who would have educated
them, have yielded up their life. If you would
treat these children justly, you will place them,
at least as to education, on the same footing as
other children of the States. If in your service
the father has fallen you must supply his place
in the education of his children. I do not think
that upon Mich a subject one State can properly
dictate to another. It is a question of local in-
terest, and whom vcr a Slate asserts that this
bounty of the Government can be hotter applied
within her limits to an object manifestly just and
proper and more deserving, than to the purpose
oiigtnally designed, 1 will not set up my judg-
ment against the judgment of her Representatives
and her people.
I say that so far as the merit of these two modos
of application is concerned there is no possible
cornpmison. This nation is now, sir, in such a
condition that she cannot look simply to her pres-
ent matenal interests. Othei considerations have
spiling up, other duties are imposed by this ter-
rible war, and those duties must be met. And if
there is any purpose to which this nation should
now devote its energies, it is liist to maintain its
national integrity, and then to mitigate, as far as
may be, the social misfortunes, the domestic mis-
ery, the tendencies to an unjust inequality which
ever follow m the footsteps of wai. The oi iguml
object of these grants was pei haps pi oper enough '
at the lime; it did not greatly matter then how
you disposed of your bounty; but now, sir, it is
nut a mutter of induferencc, it is not a question
of convenience or of policy, it is one of absolute
justice and duty. Fne thousand little children
sn my own State,-rendered orphans by your ser-
vice, demand not your bounty but your justice.
So far as the merits of the two measures are con-
cerned there is no comparison. The appropria-
tion of these lands to an agricultural college is a
measure of partial benefit; a handful of citizens,
presidents, and professors, a small number of fa-
voied youths already possessed of the benefits of
a common-school education, with parents able to
educate them, will always derive any benefit such
institutions can furnish. The State should have
nothing to do with colleges designed to benefit
favored classes of its people. The jeal farmers
of the State, the men of labor, would be the last
to reccive any benefit noin your Colleges. Shall
these lauds be applied to such a purpose while
the children of your dead soldiers w ho have given
their lives for the life of the nation are left to grow
up in ignorance and poverty? No, sir; they are
now the children of the nation, entitled to its pro-
tection and justice. You must provide for them.
All that Indiana asks through her IlepieseiHa-
tives now, is simply pei mission to apply these
lauds to opo or the other of those two objects, and
I trust that no gentleman repie&entmg any other
State will think that, upon such a subject, the
judgment of Indiana is not at least entitled to as
much consideration, so far m it afifccU herself! as
