1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the judgments of other gentlemen representing
other States. The merits, however, of the two
modes of application is a question the State her-
self should settle.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire toask thegentleman
a question.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I will yield for a question.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire that the provisions
of his amendment should apply to all the States.
1 am in favor of the amendment, and will vote for
it if it be extended to all the States. I believe
that originally this agricultural colleges bili was
wrong, and that the lands will be frittered away
anyhow, and placed in the hands of speculators,
and if we can do anything to correct it, I am in
favor of doing it, but I think the amendment
should apply to all the States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object to any amend-
ment the gentleman may desire to offer, and will
yield to him to offer it.
Mr. WINDOM. I move, then, to extend the
provision to Minnesota.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order- The.
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] has
moved to extend it to Illinois, and that is an
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to, dispose of the
amendment to the amendment I move the previous
question upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to say u word.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I think the
gentleman from Indiana takes a wrong view of
this question when he considers it a local question.
When the original bill was framed it was intended
to be national and to establish a national system
of education, bestowing national property for that
purpose, and anything that would mar the har-
mony of that great measure I think ought to be
discouraged by this House.
Now, sir, all these children to whom the gen-
tleman refers can come in now into the colleges
already started. There is no exclusion of them
now; but under the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana all others may he excluded from the
benefits of this bounty, and hence the institution
would become one for the benefit of a privileged
class. I hope before this great change is effected,
before the law is broken down by a change in
reference to Indiana, another in reference to Illi-
nois, and another m reference to Minnesota, that
the proposition will be well considered, and that
a general bill will be brought in. Let the matter
be referred to the Committee on Agriculture, and
let them report a bili applicable to all—one that
will be uniform in its provisions.
I hope the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hol-
man] will consent that the question shall be post-
poned to a day certnin, and that the bill and all
amendments shall be ordered to be printed, so that
we may see them. I move that us farther con-
sideration be postponed for two weeks from to-
day.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill is reported from the
Committee on Agriculture by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] and I must object to a
postponement.
_ Mr. STEVENS. The House ought to have
time to consider the diversion of thisgrantof land
from its original purpose.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that this is the proper
time to consider that diversion.
Mr. STEVENS. Unless there is some objec-
tion, I move to postpone the bill for two weeks
from this day.
Mr. HOLMAN. And make a special order?
Mr. STEVENS. I agree to that.
Mr. CLAY. I do not see the necessity for the
postponement of this bill. It is a simple ques-
tion. It js simply to extend the provisions of an
act passed at the last Congress to grant lands to
States foragncultural colleges. Some States have
accepted the grant and others have not.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to the
bill us lepoitcd from the Committee on Agricul-
ture, but it applies exclusively to the amendments
which have been offered.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the House will vote down
the amendments. I think they are destructive of
the whole bill.
As I have already staled, some of the States
have accepted the terms of the grant and others
have not. if any particular State is allowed to
do what it pleases with this land, then all the
States will come here for the same privilege. The
effect will be to destroy the whole force of the
lav/, and I hope the amendments will not prevail.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand it. will be in
order for me, after action has been had on the
gentleman's amendment, to move a postpone-
ment. I therefore withdraw my motion.
_ Mr. HOLMAN. My object in calling the pre-
vious question on the amendment is that the bill
may be still open for amendment.
Mr. DUMONT. I ask my colleague to yield
to me.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly. *
Mr. DUMONT. Mr. Speaker, the State of In-
diana has not embraced the benefits of this bill.
I understand that Illinois and other States have
accepted them.
I had the honor to submit a bill some time since,
the Legislature of Indiana not meeting until after
next July, to extend the provisions of the ori-
ginal law for the benefit of that State. If that be
not done the time will lapse before the Legisla-
ture will meet. My proposition was similar to
the original bill, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. Another bill came from
the Senate, which was also referred to that com-
mittee. That is the one reported back, I under-
stand, instead of the one I have introduced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Did I un-
derstand the gentleman right in saying that Illi-
nois had accepted the benefits of the act?
Air. DUMONT. I understood that she had,
but did not pretend to speak adv'sedly. Thegen-
tleman doubtless himself knows what the facts
are on that point.
^ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
from gentlemen who ought to know that such is
not the case.
Mr. DUMONT. I understand the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Holman] to leave it to the
discretion of Indiana to determine what shall be
done with the lands granted to her, and I am in
fivor of that amendment. I have a letter from
the secretary of the Indiana Sfate board of agri-
culture, who does not seem to think it would be
very wrong to pass the act in the form of the
amendment, but 1 cannot say that he speaks for the
board of agriculture, but simply to utter his own
patriotic sentiments for what they are worth. It
is hardly true to say that he favors the amend-
ment. It would, pel haps, be a more just inter-
pretation of his letter to say that he does not seem
to think badly of the amendment.
Mr. JULIAN. Did my colleague state that
the Indiana board of agriculture is m favor of this
amendment?
Mr. DUMONT. I did not so state. I stated
that I had a letterfrom the secretary of the board,
not purporting to be written on behalf of the
board or in an official capacity, who does not seem
to think badly of such an appropriation of the
land as that proposed by this amendment. He
would doubtless prefer the original bill, but lam
willing that, if the grant is secured to the State,
the Legislature of that State may determine winch
of these two great and good objects tfie grant shall
be applied to. Either is a worthy object, and I
am willing to submit the choice to my State; but
I would prefer that a grant should be made for
each purpose; and with the hope that may be
done, I am willing the bill and amendments may be
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands,
of which my colleague is the intelligent and able
chairman. In his hands I know the interest of
the soldier and that of agriculture will be safe; and
if he can provide for both objects, all the better.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire tosay that theamend-
mentof my colleague was offered here three or four :
weeks ago in the form of an original bill, was re-
ferred by this House to the Committee on Public
Lands, and that committee is now considering the
proposition. I am not opposed to my colleague's
amendment, but the State oflndiana has in no way
signified her wish to divert this fund from the pur-
poses designated by Congress originally, and I
submit that some little time for deliberation and
for the consideration of this bill should be had
before any final action is taken upon it. I hope
my colleague will alio wins proposition to be print-
ed and postponed, as the Committee on I^ublic
Lands arc considering it and will report very soon.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague will certainly
agree that it is the proper time to consider this
subject in connection with this bill; it is the only,
chance we have of obtaining action on the sub-
ject. The very fact that this proposition has been
before the House more than three weeks,'anti re-
ferred to, the Committee on Public Lands—un-
necessarily, I jthink—takes away the force of the
argument in favor of postponement. The'hrop-
osition is the naked one of applying these lands
to one Or the other of two objects, either oiie of
which, my colleague will admit, possesses at least
some merits. OurS'tate should determine for''her-
self which is the most meritorious.
Mr. JULIAN. The delegation from Indiana
are themselves divided upon this subject, and it
seems to me that some time should be had for con-
sidering the propriety of making this inroad upon
the general policy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say to my colleague
that if there is any diversity of opinion in the
delegation from Indiana, beyond the objection of
my colleague to its passage now, I am not aware
of it. I thought I couid speak for every member
except my colleague as being in favor of confer-
ring this right upon Indiana. I"felt that I ,was
authorized to say that it would receive no oppo-
sition from Indiana. Although I had not consulted
my colleague on the subject, I had consulted the
other members from Indiana,andIthoughti'couId
speak of their general approval of this measure.
Mr. ORTH. This matter was brought to my
attention for the first time yesterday, I remarked
to my colleague [Mr. Holman] that I was favor-
able to this measure, but I preferred to hear from
our State before I took definite action upon' the
matter.' I did not understand from him then that
this matter was to be brought up at so early a day.
I prefer now that time be given for the delegation
fiom our State to correspond .with the agricul-
tural board of our State, which represents all por-
tions of that State, as is well known to the gen-
tleman; and I would ask now that this subject be
postponed for a week or two until we can get that
information. In the mean time we can perfect this
matter.
There seems to be a disposition upon the, part
of the House to make this bill, in the shape indi-
cated by my colleague, [Mr. HolmaNj] general;
and for that reason, if for no other, it ought to be
postponed in order that we might perfect it. I
told my colleague yesterday I was in favor of this
measure, but preferred to ascertain, as far as I
could, what the sentiment of our people was in
reference to a diversion of this fund, and .as the
board of agriculture was the only organized board
in our State with which we could consult, I pre-
ferred to consult with them."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. -As my col-
league, the chairman of theCommittee on Public
Lands, has intimated a wish for the further con-
sideration of this matter, I suggest that the bill,
with the amendments, be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I am in favor of the two
piopositions going together. They should not be
disconnected.
Mr. HOLMAN. If th{3 gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] will consent—andl would not
make the motion without his consent, as he has
charge of the bill—I will make the motion to re-
commit, and 
Mr. CLAY. If the bill is to be recommitted I
have an amendment here which a gentiemanfrom
New York proposed to offer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will en-
large my motion and embrace any amendments
which gentlemen desire to offer, so that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands may have possession of
the whole subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. The proposition I propose
to make is this: that the subjcct shall be post-
poned for two weeks from this day, made the
special order after the morning hour, and that the
pending amendments and such as may be offered,
shall be printed.
Mr. CLAY. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HALE. I object to that. Friday should
be devoted to private business.
The SPEAKER. The bill can be postponed
by a majority vote, but it cannot be made a spe-
cial order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my colleague will not
object to it.
Mr. HALE. Make it some other day.
Mr. HOLMAN. After the morning hour. We
