1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323?
call them, that the North could not he trusted,
that a sectional parry controlled the North, mid
that if they remained with the North in the Gov-
ernment ihoir rights would bo trampled under
foot. Has any occasion been lot slip in the Con-
gress of the United States to make good that as-
surnnceof the southern statesmanand demagogue?
Has not every prediction that they made to the
people to fire their minds against the Government
been made good by the action of Congress?
Will any wan he good enough to state how it
is that tho cause of the North is strengthened and
th.u of the South weakened by dividing- the North,
and uniting- the South'1 Jt was a hard thin# to
conquer this rebellion when it was true, an Mr.
Lincoln said m his message of July, 1R61, that
in till the States of the South, except perhaps in
South Carolina, there was a Union majority.
We. had enough work to do tlu n. Congress
even then, with that assurance given it in the
President's message, thought fit to call out half a
nidlton men and to apptopiiate $500,000,000 to
carry on tlnx wai—to carry on the war against a
rebellion that did not contain within it one half of
the people of the South—to carry on the war
against a divided South, the majority of the South
being against the rebel cause. But after that,
when you have united the South, what force does
itiequire? The contest of this year shows us.
As was suggested so wll by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] you have
so united the people of the South as to bring the
women into the field. This is the change that
has been brought about within a short three
years. I submit to you, sir, was that change
biought about by any sentiment of the Democrats
of the North when they asked that the Constitu-
tion and the Union should stand as our faiheis
mad" them with eveiy compact remaining invio-
late? You know, every Senator knows, that if
we had stood by that assurance the Union party
of tlic South would have been strengthened in-
stead of weakened; the South would have be^n
Mill fwttbei divided instead of being united, and
tin; North would have continued as a solid wall
in this war.
But if Senators think they promote the good
of the country, if they think they strengthen the
aim of ihe Government by \ otinic down the laws
which our falhcrseftt.ibhshfd, which ourfatheis
thought but reflected the true relation between
the Siates; if Senators* think that this is for the
good of the coun'ry, of course they will vote for
these propositions. 1 shall do my duty by voting
against all mu h schema, and hope, some tune to
so* iheday when there, will be a sentiment in this
cm ut i y that u ill !>r.n<i us b irk a-rjin to tlx; s.- n-
!,nn nfs of the (atheis and the time? that we have
tuna d our bach's upon.
All . SUA! NElt. I propose to add a few wot ds
to the sec ion, so that there shall b< e <'*n noth> eg of
friiiui^ foice in the argu uient of ibe SenatOi bom
Alai y hurl. 1 propose to and at the < nd, " and
tne coastwise >,iu\e trade is piohioiti d b^ever;''
so tuat tin WFert of ihe amendment will be to t r-
p'.'al the tw-j secuoity of tie- ,-mtute of JdOT tha:
undt ruike to regnlatt the coastwise s! ive f*\wle,
and then there is the gener .! nroVition that the
trad" shall he proh;!;i."d v.-;
'J'ho PRESIDING OFFICE!!, (ATr Po-.rrnov
m the chair.) The amendment wdl be so modi-
fier*.
Ali\ COLLAA1UR. i always regret ttiat I
should feel uniy i>' isonal dmy to detain th" n-
ate by any remarks of mine; but occasionally inch
a point and crisis anses. i desue to make a tew
remarks about the amendment thai is now pro-
posed.
i have nothing to say about the nroniiety of
p:oposiug it a? tins tm>-\ 1 dr. not think u calls
for any. It is hn-e; the atm-mbm nt is o/Fernd;
we mu-.t vote fi,r it or vo'e against it; and in-
asmuch a-? i always vote on questions of this
kind on tle-ir merits, and <xpec? to vote for this
on the fame ground, f desire* biielly to state the
reason why j shall so vote.
Air. Piesi'ieni, the clausj of the Constitution
in relation to the power of Congress to le^tdate
coinmi ice !o, 1 believe, m tln^o woids: ;
''Tho Cou-jti;-- taiall nave powfi to te^iilaf; eornmeret; 1
una folium naiioM-;. and aaio.i^ tiie !-e\ciai Stater., and
Witii fiie Indian
Some have thought that matmueh as it was
cox c.:ed in the same pmw.eoiugy the measure
of this power was the same in relation to each
of these subjects. i think otherwise. I do not
believe that Congress has the same power,with-
out limitation in relation to regulating commerce
between the States that it has in relation to com-
merce with foreign countries. I do not believe
that Congress has power to lay an embargo upon
any State. I think Congress has power to lay
an embargo upon the whole country as to foreign
nations, regulating foreign trade, but I deny that
Congress has any power to prohibit by way of
embargo, if you please, the trade of any Slate.
I merely mention that as an illustration, a distinct
one, I think, showing that there is not the same
measure of power existing in the two cases.
hi the next place I would observe that this
j statute which is now proposed to be repealed is
I an attempt to regulate the slave trade. I forget
! precisely the term of expression used, but it is
, called the internal slave trade commercially reg-
I uhued. It legulates how they maybe carried m
! ships, how they shall make duplicate manifests,
I &c.; m shoit, both those sections arc an attempt
I to regulate the commerce and trade in slaves by
| water. My impression is that Congress has no
such power, if Congress can regulate it they
can prohibit it. That the Supreme Court very
fully decided in thecase of the Embargo. If they
can prohibit it, they can allow it, heensc it any-
where and everywhere. 1 believe it was very
fully decided in the Merriman case that when
goods were imported under an act of Congress
the man impox ting the goods and payingthe duties
had the right to sell and dispose of those goods
in spite of any law tin; State could make.
Air JOHNSON In the original package.
Mr. COLLAMER. Well, i take u that is the .
way negtoex aie generally sold. [Laughter.] J !
think they are sold in the original package, if at j
all. [
If it be true that Congress can prohibit the ;
e.urying of slaves as articles of commeice from !
one Stale to another ihey can allow it ftom one j
State to another, and theStatn cannot pievent it. '
1 i.ay if they can prohibit or legulate it they can
allow if and license it, and no State can prevent
it. If they can prohibit the carrying of slavey,
if you please, black persons, as attHes of com-
meice tn regulating commerce, as these sections
of the law of 18;)? do, by water to Maryland, they
can piohibitthe carrying of wheat fiom Illinois;
they can prohibit the cariying of wool from my
State, Vej mont, down into Massachusetts to be
uianufaciuied. I do not giant the existence of
any such power.
Again, if'hey can prohibit, it, as I before said,
they can license and allow it, and no State can
; present it. is it ti uo, then, that you can take
; ; hues, if Congress had a mind to allow it, and
' carry ihem from Virginia and Massachusetts and
sell them in the original package, to be used there
and held there, and Aiassaehusctts cannot help it
| nor prevent it? I d<ny it utterly. I theietore
. d"ny that they can authorize, 1 deny that they
can piolnhit it, I deny that they can ngulate it;
for regulating it, us tin Supreme Court says,m- I
i ebid< s the power to prohibit it altogether or to
; licence it altogether.
What js the great difficulty in regard to it? It
is thi< they are not aiticles of commei-'o; they
are not unieitsof trade and merchandise; they
do not g<> into the category of aiticles which Con-
gress can legislate about m that wvy, and m the
exercise "f that powergiven in the Coi^titutioii to
rt gu] ue commeice. That is the tiifil.:w!ty that lies
at the loot i,f it a! 1. The moment you giant that
Cmgrees may make leguiations of commeice
which shall cov-r this su!ject-mafter, that is,
blacks, negroes, \on grant thet they aie articles
of commerce, which is a position that lias b< en
utter ty (hih''d ft o>n the beginning to the < nd ; it
has always been ludd that tin y were persons and
not things.
But you say to me, inasmuch as the power
given in (he Constitu'mn to regulate commeice
whh foie.gn nations, and among the Suites, and
with the Indian tribes, is ah in the same woids,
where did Congress get the power to prohibit the
foreign slave trede? 1 think it is perfectly easy
to answer that question. The power to regulate
commerce, &c., i eiates to subjcct-mattcrs of eom-
meice, articles of trade, and merchandise, goods
and chattels, but the jurisdiction which the Con-
gress af the United States has over the foreign
slave trade, if you please, over persons, comes
,from entirely a distinct part of the Constitution.
The Constitution provides that "the migration
or importation of such persons as any of the States
now existing shall think proper to admit shall not
be prohibited by the Congress prior to the year
1808." I take it, the plain English of that clause
is that after 1808 they shall have power to pro-
hibit it. It does directly grant the power. There
is, as every lawyer knows, what is called a neg-
ative pregnant, than which nothing can be more
sure; that to say you shall not do such a thing
in such a time is to say you may do it after that
time. Every court has decided that over and
over again, not about these particular words that
I have mentioned, but in relation to every such
provision. Congress did exercise the power im-
mediately in 1808; and if that was not a grant of
power how came they then to have any right to
do that at all? Certainly they were not articles
of commerce. They did not come within that
clause. Cungressdid it within thatgrantof power
in relation to the importation of certain persons:
" the migration or importation of such persons
as any of the States now existing shall think
proper to admit shall not be prohibited," &c«,
meaning slaves. There is no doubt of that in any
candid mind. There can be no doubt that that
meant and intended to mean slaves, and all the
legislation subsequently shows it conclusively,
and it is an equivocation to try to get rid of it in
any other way. These attempts to make it out
that in these three or four cluuses the Constitu-
tion did not use the won! 44 slave," and therefore
did not mean slave, is all a quibble, an equivoca-
tion, pettifogging. It is unworthy of any man
standmgup here seriously. They evidently meant
slaves.
But some persons say, " I know they meant
slaves, but they did notj^et it m there." If that
man is a lawyer lie ought to know enough to
know that what was intended to be in a contract
and agieed to be m a contract, in law and chan-
cery is in the contract; and further, if it is not
there already the chancellor will order it to be
put there by reforming the contract, and will en-
join persons from setting up anything to the con-
tiary. Every court, of chancery does it. There-
fore, as the thing was intended to be in and the
persons who framed it thought it was in, it is to-
tally immaterial whether it is in or not; that puts
it in, and it is in.
Now, Mr. Prt sidont, in my judgment, all laws,
I do not cure when they are attempted to be made,
nor when they were made, thatundertake to deal
with slaves, who are persons under the Consti-
tution and our laws, as articles of merchandise
in any form under any regulations of trade what-
ever, are nr.constitutional; and I believe to make
a law now to prohibit the carrying of slaves fi om
one State to another for sale is totally unauthor-
ized. You might as well undertake to ptohibit
the carrying of any kind of property fiom one
Suite to another; but mote particularly is it bad
because it undeitakes, under the power to regu-
late commerce, to deal with slaves as articles of
commerce, trade, merchandise, chattels, which
they aie not. Therefore, inasmuch as the sec-
tions of the law to which our attention is now
called and which it is ptoposed to repeal are of
that character and attempt to deal with the sub-
ject as of that character, I say repeal them.
Air. JOHNSON. Perhaps there is no states-
man orjuiist m the country to whose leunuks I
listen with mure confidence of being instructed
than the honorable member from Vermont, and
i have not m this instance failed to listen, but
without being instructed for once.
Before i proceed very briefly to siate the reasons
why I differ from the honorable member, one
thing is contain, that if lie is light he cannot vote
for the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts it now stands. The honorable
member evidently seems to suppose that the
amendment as it now before the Senate is to
repeal merely the eighth and the ninth sections of
the act of Alarch, 1607; but it is not in that situ-
ation now. The Senator from Massachusetts has
aimexi d to thatamendmenta provision forbidding
what is callcd the coastwise slave trade; and ifmy
friend from Vermont is right in supposing that
the subject of the carrying of slaves coastwise
from State to State is a matter with which Con-
gress has nothing to do, then Congress has no
