1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
generally dispose of our business in the morning
'hour.
Mr. HALE. Say Monday; we never do any-
thing that day.
Mr. IIOLM AN. I will then say one week from
Monday next after the morning hour, that the bill
be made a special order, and that the bill and
amendments be printed.
Mr. ASHLEY. Say, Saturday two weeks.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to the bill being
made n special order for any day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indi-
ana moves that the bill be postponed until Mon-
day week after the morning hour.
Mr. ttOLMAN. It does seem to me that the
bill ought to be made a special order. I ask that
it be postponed till to-morrow two weeks, and
made the spccial order for that day.
Mr. MORRILL. My own impression is that
that would clog the business of the House, and
there may bo more important subjects that we
ought to dispose of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Indiana will not postpone it till
Saturday.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will not object to the bill being made a
special order for Friday—this day two weeks—
after the morning hour, as that,is piivate bill day.
Mr. MORRILL, I do not objeet to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I malce that motion.
The motidn was agreed to.
An order was then made for the printing of the
pending amendments, and of such other amend-
ments as gentlemen might desire to offer, and
which might be handed in at the Clerk's desk.
JOSIAII 0. ARM lift.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was I he consideration of bill No. 1G1,
for the relief ofjosiah 0. A rmes, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House without amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I was about to move to go
into Committee of the Whole on tin; state of tIn-
Union on the sptcial older.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but the special order will notcoinenp
until the expiration of the morning hour, which
will be m twenty-five minutes fiom this time.
Mr. STEVENS. Then 1 will waive my mo-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill be-
fore tile House involves very impoi taut questions,
some of the must important that can arise during
this whole session of Congress. It involves the
question of paying for the destruetion of private
property. 1 desiieto submit some remarks on
the subject, and am not now piepared to go on.
Mr. HALE. When will it come up again if
passed over now?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order every Fri-
day until disposed of. Tins chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims can call it up on any Fnday.
it will be passed over for the pieseiit.
BUSINESS OS HIE DISTRICT Of COLUMBIA.
Mr. DUMONT. I ask unanimous consent of
the House that, two weeks from to-day he set
apart for the consideration of the business of the
.District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. Two weeks from to-day
after the morning hour has just been assigned for
the consideration of tmothei bill,
Mr. DUMONT. Then I will ask that two
weeks from yesterday be assigned for that busi-
ness.
There was no objection, and itwassoordered.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for re-
ports of a private nature.
INCREASED MAIL FACILITIES.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, (he Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was discharged
from the further consideration of a petition form-
creased mail facilities between Philadelphia and
New York; and the same was referred to the
select committee on a railroad between Washing-
ton and New Yoik.
SHORT RATIONS.
Mr. 1 K.'v Si A S, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported back, with a tecommenda-
tion that it do not pass, joint resolution of the
House No. 28, providing for payment to soldiers
in the field of the value of short rations; and the
same was laid upon the table.
REPRESENTATIVES 01 ISRAEL C. WAIT.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, bill of the SenateNo.34, in favor of the
legal representatives of Israel C. Wait.
The bill was read. It provides that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury pay to the legal representa-
tives of Israel C. Wait, late a lieutenant in the
United States Navy, the sum of $1,500, that being
the amount of unpaid balance due him under the
" act to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. HALE. I ask that the bill be acted on
now.
The SPEAKER. That will require unanimous
consent, as the bill contains an appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the bill
take the usual course.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, asked for the
reading of the report.
Mr. HALE. Let the letter from the Fourth
Auditor be lead.
The letter was read by the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It appears
by the letter from the Fourth Auditor that there
is a balance in the Treasury really belonging to
this man. I withdraw my objection.
The bill was ordered to a third leading; and
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
K. V. AND SASIUlSli A. WOOD.
Mr. HALE also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, a hil! (iS. No. 105) for the lelief of
E. F. and Samuel A. Wood.
The bill was lead. Itdiioets the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause to be issued, executed, and
dehwred to E. F. and Samuel A. Wood duplicates
of the following described bonds of the United
Stales of America Treasuiy Department, lor the
Oiegi^i war debt, issued by the United States
under an act of Congressapproved March 2, 18(31,
payable at any time alter July 1, 1881, at the
Treasuiy of the United Slates, with interest at
the i ale ol six per cent, per an nun), namely: Nos.
1.TJ1) and 133-1 to 1338, inclusive, for (he sum of
yj()U each, anil No. -71 loi ;?50, dated Washing-
ton, Mai\h 21, IcC'J, aad Nos. 1352 to 1.159, in-
clusive, f'oi $.">00 eaeli, No. GG5 tor ^ LOO, and No.
2t>(> foi «,.)(!, dated Washington, Match 24, 1862,
and No. 877 foi ^100, No. 400 lor ^50, daled
Washington, May'22, lSCxJ, ami each and sever-
ally signed L. E. Chittenden, Register ol the
Tieasury, entered R. E., recorded I. O. with thir-
ty-seven interest, coupons attached lo each of the
4,501) bonds for $15 each, payable semi-annually;
eighteen interest coupons attached lo bond No.
005, and nineteen inteiest coupons attached to
bond No. 877 for §6 each ; eighteen interest cou-
pons attached lo bonds Nos. 2GG and 271; nine-
teen interest coupons attached to bond No. 400
for $3 each, payable annually, all of which cou-
pons are signed G. Luff, for the Register ot the
Tieasury; in nil nineteen Oregon war bonds,
aniouniing to the sum of $7,350; provided that
before the issue of such duplicate bonds E. F. and
Samuel A. Wood, or either of them, shall exe-
cute, or cause to be executed, and deposited with
the Secretary of the.Tieasuiy of the United States,
lo the full acceptance and satisfaction of the Sec-
retary, such bond of indemnity as is usually re-
quired by the regulations of the Treasury Depart-
ment for the issue of duplicate certificates of
msciibed stocks and bonds.
Mr. HALE. These bonds were delivered to
the Adams Express Company, and lost when the
Golden Gate was destroyed.
Mr. WILSON. Is there a report accompany-
ing the bill?
Mr. HALE. There is.
Mr. WILSON. I ask that it be read.
The repott of the Senate Committee on Naval
Affairs was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understood
ihe gentleman fiom Pennsylvania to say that
these bonds were sent by express
Mr. HALE. I was mistaken in that. They
were sent by mail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It appears
that this was a package sent by mail and lost, and
now Congress is asked to make good that loss.
Mr. HALE. There is no money required to
be paid. The bill is merely to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue duplicates of these
bonds, taking a bond that if the papers are ever
found they would be of no account.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would not
give a snap of my finger for all the obligations of
that kind that the Government can get.
Mr. HALE. Is it possible that an honest Gov-
ernment can refuse to replace one of its bonds
that has been lost? Certainly not. This bill is
only to replace bonds issued by the Government
and proved to have been lost by these parties. I
move the previous question on the third reading
of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will not move the previous question,
or that the House will vote it down.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied that the gentleman
from Illinois shall have an opportunity to speak;
and I therefore withdraw the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
has listened to the reading of the report it will
perceive that these claimants make a demand for
legislation that is without a parallel in the history
of this country. It is alleged, anil perhaps may
have been proved, that these bonds were lost on
the steamer Golden Gate, and now it is proposed
to issue duplicates of them, with a proviso that a
bond shall be taken to hold the Government harm-
less.
There aie two reasons why I think this sort
of legislation should not be adopted. In the first
place, we are establishing a precedent, and no
man can tell where it will end. How many bonds
out of the $100,000,000 of the national debt may
have been or may be lost, or may be alleged to
be lost? If we pass this bill,parties will come in
and, on the allegation that they have lost bonds,
ask Congp ss to authorize the issue of new bonds.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois if he is not entirely satisfied that the
Government should adopt such rules for replac-
ing lost bonds as railroad and other corporations
adopt? If a railroad bond owned by the gentle-
man is destroyed the railroad company will reis-
sue it.
Mr. WASHBUPiNE, of Illinois. Let some
general law be passed. But as the matter stands
now I am utteily opposed to having special legis-
lation on the subject. It is said that these bonds
have been lost on board the Golden Gate. I un-
derstand that divers are at work fishing up valu-
ables from this wreck everyday. It may notbe
Ions before the safe in which these bonds were
will be found, and the bonds put on the market.
Mr. IIALE. These, bonds are ail numbered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Suppose
they are. They can be passed from hand to hand.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania might pur-
chase one of these bonds to-morrow, and would
never think of going to the Treasury to see
wheiher there was not a duplicate of it issued.
Mr SCHENCfC. Are these coupon bonds
transferable by delivery, or are they registered
bonds? They may be good in the hands of the
holder without any assignmentor indorsement.
Without inquiring, however, further into the
ease, 1 move that the bill be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. I think it proper, as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbup.ne] has
suggested, that, if any provision should be made
in regard to this care, some general law should
be flamed m reference to bonds alleged to have
been lost. If there he any legislation needed it
oucht to be geneial, coveitng the whole subject.
Mr. HALE. 1 have no objection to the law
that the gentleman suggests. I think itis a proper
one; but when gentlemen come with a plain case,
prove that they have lost Government bonds, and
offer to indemnify the Government for issuing
new ones, I think they ought not to be exposed
to the inconveniences of waiting for a genera! law
to be passed. I will vote for such a general law
when it is submitted. These men come within
the rules. They have established that they have
lost these bonds, and no Government ought to
refuse to supply others for them.
The ship upon which they were, we all know,
