1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1281
was entirely destroyed by fire. The presumption
is that these bonds were destroyed. There is no
reason why this act of justice should he post-
poned. i think the proposition is a fair one.
They arc entitled to this now, and they ought to
have it now. I gave way to the gentleman from
Illinois with the idea that when he had concluded
what he had to say he would renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman had intimated such an understanding I
would have done so.
Mr. HALE. I withdrew the demand for the
previous question to hear what he had to say,-ex-
pecting that he would renew if.
The SPEAKER. The Choir did not under-
stand the gentleman from Pennsylvania to ask
the gentleman from Illinois to renew the demand
for the previous question. The motion has been
made to refer the bill, and it must be entertained.
Mr. SCHENCK. Gentlemen ask me to with-
draw the motion to refer the hill, but I must in-
sist upon it. I think it is proper that the House
should vote on it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
these questions ought not to be subjected to the
chances of a bill which may or may not pass.
Why, that is what they are now subjected to.
Here is a bill which may or may not pass. Mem-
bers may vote againstthis proposition who would
be willing to agree to a general bill. They are
now subjected to the contingencies of the passage
of this bill. I am, sir, for geneial legislation on
this subject. However clear the gentleman may
think this particular case, I believe that special
legislation is one of the troubles that ought to be
avoided wherever it can be.
We ought to have a general act providing how
proof should be taken, under whose supervision,
and in what form it should be presented. And
my question has not yet been answered whether
these bonds were transferable by delivery or as-
signment. We might as well have legislation for
the relief of those who lose greenbacks as for
those who lose coupon bonds. The whole mat-
ter requires to be investigated; and with a view
to that investigation and the bringing in a general
bill covering all cases where bonds are lost, I
have moved that the pending proposition be re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WASllBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
does not say that they are registered bonds.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I do not know
this special case, and i only look to the principle
involved. I think it unsafe for the Government
to legislate for the security of these parties with-
out knowing all of the facts. 1 know nothing of
these parties, but I do know if we establish this
t sort of legislation we will have a good many cases
of the same character before us. When it comes to
be known that such claims are allowed, men will
lay their plans for the purpose of committing ^reat
frauds upon the Government and the publicTreas-
ury. I have in my mind an action brought against
an insurance company m New Yoik for the re-
cover of insured specie lost coming from San
Francisco. That company resisted the claim,
because they believed the claim was founded on
fraud, though the loss was established by affida-
vit after affidavit of persons belonging to the ves-
sel. Pending the investigation the insurance com-
pany took the precaution of sending down and
finding the sunken vessel. On reaching the hold
and bringing up the boxes said to contain £old,
they found nothing but old rusty ironfalls. If we
act upon the principle of allowing men to receive
pay upon bonds which they pretend to have lost,
and which they may in tins way prove to have
been lost, we will expose this Government to great
depredations. I protest against such action.
MKSSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Nicolay, his Piivate Secretary, informing
the House that he had appiovrd and signed an
act for carrying the mails from the United States
to foreign ports, and for other purposes.
15. F. AND BAMCI2L A. WOOD AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. .STEVENS. I move that the rules he sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Umon.
Mr. HALE. I appeal to my colleague from
Pennsylvania to allow us to take a vote upon the
pending bill,
Mr. STEVENS. I will if you will call the
previous question.
Mr. HALE. I move the previous question.
The previous question was secondea, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS. With the permission of the
House I would inquire whether the committee
had clear proof before them that these bonds were
destroyed ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. The bill passed the
Senate and the report of the Senate has been read
to the House. The Oregon war bonds were regis-
tered bonds and payable to particular individuals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
any further remarks, as the previous question
has been seconded.
Mr. WEBSTER. The gentleman from Illinois
objects, when he himself held the floor by the
courtesy of my colleague on the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
hold the floor by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. HALE. I gave it to the gentleman from
Illinois. I would inform gentlemen that these
bonds do not pass by delivery. I am informed
that they have to be specially assigned before a
judge or notary public. They are not payable to
bearer.
The question recurringon the motion to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands—
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays, and called for tellers on the same.
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Hale, and
Wasiidurxe of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-one; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 35, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Mef-rs. Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Bearnnn,
TJoutwell, Ciaiidegoe, James S. Biown, Ambrose YV. Clark,
Cobb, Cole, Thoma^ T. DavU, Uenini<j. Puinout, EeMey,
EUor, Fruu^woith, Frank, Charles M. Hari K\ Iliyhy. Fran-
ce vi\ KeUojrg, Moirtll, Norton, Oith, Pike, Pomeroy,
Pnce,Jolm II. Rice, Sdieock,Seotield,Smithors,Spalding,
Up-iun. Van Valki nbuigh, Elilm 15. Washhurne, Witaon,
and Y<*aman—35.
NAYri—Messis. Jaine^ C. Allen, Alley. Allison, Ames,
And^ifOti, Baiiy, Aujrustu-* C. Baldwin. Baxter, Blaine,
Jacob B. Blau, Bh*-, Bioo':^, Bioouiafl, Ch.inlei, Clay,
Ciaveis*, Dounelh. Dn^-, EnnlMi, Cnn>un, Giiswold,
I In le, Hall, lla'dm'.', J I'-inck, Hoi man, Hooper, Ilolchki^,
John II. Ilubb.ud, Iluihmd, Julian, Kalbflei-eh, Law,
Loie'veai, Marrj MeBud<*. MeClum, Samuel F. Miller,
Jatne^ 11. Moru^N.'Non. Noble, Odel!, John O'Ne;!!, Pat-
teiion, Pendleton Perluu'n. Pei iv, Pruyn, Jiadfotd. William
I-I. Uumiali, Ro-^, Shannon, John U. Steele,William
G. Stfele, Stevens, Stuart. Sweat, Wadnwoitli, Webster,
Whalej, Wheek'i. Williams, Window, and Winlndil— 65.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; nnd also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter moticn was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew my motion to
go into Committee of the Whole upon the cur-
rency bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
v/hen the House adjourned yesterday a motion
was pending to close all debate in five minutes
after the committee should resume the considera-
tion of that bill.
Mr. BROOKS. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I wish to make a sugges-
tion. There are a great number of men r on nee ted
with the clearing-house of the rify of New Tcork
and representing the gieat banking interest of that
city who desire to be heard upon this subject sec-
tion by section. They have their amendments m
print, and they wish to present them to the House.
If possible I wish this bill might be passed over
until Monday, and those men allowed to be heard.
They are nor in my way of political '(pinion, and
they expect this bill to pass, and they desire it to be
passed; but they wish >t to be made as perfect as
possible. Anions? them isMr. G.iMatm, I believe,
whom the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hooper] referred to yesterday in con-
nection with the honorable gentleman jrom Al-
bany. There is hardly a quorum in the House
to-day, as many members have gone home, not
expecting action upon this bill at present. I said
these gentlemen desired this bill to pass; £ should
say my opinion is they expect it to pass. They
did not wish it as an original system, but it is bet-
ter than the existing system, and they wish to
make it perfect. They are among the most in-
telligent financial gentlemen there are in the Uni-
ted States, and their interests are-wrapped up in
the interests of their country, and it would be only
proper to give them a fair opportunity for' con-
sultation.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to say
that I concur in the views which my colleague
[Mr. Brooks] has presented in respect to the pro-
priety of delaying action upon this bill, and for
the reason that there are many intelligent men
upon the subject of banking to whose notice this
bill has been presented only within the last two
or three days, and they are here for the purpose
of conferring with members of this House Sand
with the committee on the subject.
I believe that they are acting m entire good faith.
They wish to have this bill presented in such form
as will best accommodate the views of the Gov-
ernment and protect the interests of the country.
They wish nothing else. I can say this from my
personal knowledge of gentlemen who are herein
reference to this subject; and therefore, inasmuch
as this biil is one of very great and universal im-
pottance, I hope that the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will consent to its
temporal y postponement.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, if there had
not been sufficient time for deliberation upon this
measure, these requests would seem reasonable.
But the bill has been before the country for ten
days in its amended form, and its main features
have been for a year before the country. All the
gentlemen referred to saw it, I presume, imme-
diately after it was printed. They did prepare
amendments—and not a few—which 1 now hold
in my hand, and they have been fully heard be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means. Their
amendments are all matured, and any gentleman
can offer them when the bill is taken up section
by section.
I do notunderstand the learned gentleman from
New York to say that they desire to be heard at
the bar of the House; they have been heard be-
fore the Committee of Ways and Means person-
ally as long as they desired.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken in saying that they have been heard before
the committee personally. One institution has
been heard before the committee, but the others I
think have not been. Let me say to the gentle-
man that the representative of the clearing-house
in the city of New York, who represents these
grent institutions, has not been heard.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think thegentleman is mis-
taken.
Mi. BROOKS. I am quite sure I am right.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cnli upon my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Hooper] to say whether he
has or has not.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Eyrai n, the head of the
clearing-house comrmtteo, u «s present u ith Mr.
Gallatin and eight or t^n othets, and spent nearly
a whole forenoon with the committer, and they
submitted their amendments, which I have here
m a printed form, most of which were very judi-
cious, and had m fact been adopted by the com-
mittee previously to this interview. The only
class of amendments recommended by them that
we did not adopt, that I remember, were those
proposing to remove the office of the Comptroller
of the Treasury to New Yoik and place ii theie.
But I think almost all of the amend men ts relating
to the business of banking had been previously
adopted by the committee.
Mr. BROOKS. The amendments proposed by
the representatives of the banks of New York
have only been brought to my attention since I
came to the House to-day, and I have not had
time to read them. They are voluminous, and I
should wi^h time between now and Monday to
exa'Time them.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think we had better pro-
i ceed v, ith the b: 11 now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois^ It is only
the representadves of the banking interest who
apply for a continuance. The people themselves,
