1288
THE COMxRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
who are interested more than anybody else in re-
gard to the currency, are not asking a continuance.
Mr. GRIS WOLD. I would merely suggest to
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania that 1 think he
is mistaken as to there having been opportunity
furnished to examine this bill. I have myself sent
to the document-room for it several times, but have
never been able to get one.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot be mistaken in the
fact that a large delegation from New York, headed
by the eminent men who have been referred to, Mr.
Gallatin and Mr. Lyman, have been heard pa-
tiently before the committee. They went over
every part of the bill and proposed their amend-
ments, and they have all been deliberately con- i
sidered by the committee. I think the House had
better consider them now and go on with the bill.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. I did not lefer to those gen-
tlemen from New York at all.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania insist on his motion to close debate r
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do, sir; the five minutes'
debate will still be open, of course.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the motion will not prc-
vail. „ .
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. This
general conversation has been indulged in by
unanimous consent.
The question was put; and on a division there
were—aye3 4G, noes 4(5.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, and
announced that the motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. On so important a matter as
this I feci it my duty to demand the yens and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the call
comes loo lale.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 made Has (illicitly ua l could.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made ti short
speech before he called the yeas and nays
Mr. BROOKS. Well, I can assure the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania that no progress will be
made in the bill to-day.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and ilintthe House resolve itsell into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on I he special ni der.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in older to have the yeas
and nays on (hat motion '
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. liliOOKS. [ want to lie in tune.
The SPEAK Ell. The Chan' is yet unaware
w hether the genth man dijure;: the ; e.ui ami nays
or not.
The question being put on J\1 r S rr.\iah \ mo-
tion to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union —
Mr. BROOKS. On I hat quest ton, Mi. S] leaker,
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wele oidered.
Till! question was taken; and it, was derided ill
the aflinnauve—yeas oV, nays4~; follows;
YH \W—Mc-His, Allev, A!h ,eil, Ashle*, John I).
Butdwin, Diixin, iic.uiiiiii, Maine, JUntiuvll, Ut.inde:r<
Brwoinall, Am hi dm- IV. Cl.u k, Fieeman < 'larke, < '<>bb, Col*1,
Donnelly, Diiinoiil, l'-eKiev, HUM, {-',11nsu mii!i,
Prank, llitrbv, linopri, John II. IfuSibaul, K<'lie\.
PliUMM.-* VV. K«ll<Lout;vein, Me ill id", M«'( 'inI", >1111111 el
j'\ Miller, Mum tie,ni, Mounl, Noi ton. Oith, i'aiiei mhi, i'et -
li.ua, i.'umon>\, I'ik'e, William II. {vandal!, John II
llKTj,Sl li'.uclv, HcotU'UI, Shannon, until'1 r^, Spahiuiy. St''
v. n-. Tiaey, I'p-on, Van V.ilkeubm h, Ilhhu 15 \V.i-!i-
hume, Wcb.-tcr, Whaley, Wihoti, mid Wimloin—r'i.
Janu' C. Allen, AndeiMm, Haily, An
^UotsisC. lialdmu, Biook'i, S. Hunvn, Chan
lei, Ciavi n-, Gamon, Gum\oM, Hall, il.u-
diu-r, fl.anii^foii, Chailcs M Dane;, llemek, Hotmail,
Kitlbfleihch, Law, M.ut v. Mt-Alln-tei, James J\. Moiiis,
Morrison^ .VeNon, Noble, John OriVedl, Pendleton, Prru.
"ruyn, H.n'foid, Janus S. Hullui,;, Stebbni-",
WiHum <i. riiceie, MuaH, Sweal, V o-ub'M.w, W mtjchj am!
W?mu u —i'}.
The rules w tut*  aun dnigly ouspended, and'the
House itsolwd itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hranok-
ukk m the chair,) and resumed the consideration,
as a special order, of the bill (11. R. No. 333) to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
(.Tinted St.iteH ytocks, and to provide for the cir-
culation and redemption thereof; on which, by
order of the House, all general deoatc was to close
in five minute*.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee rose last
evening pending a call for div
mont of the gentleman
organized under this act with a less capital than
§50,000.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will withdraw his amendment, and allow
me to offer in lieu of it a proviso at the end of the
section, somewhat varying from the proposition
yesteiday.
Mr. BEAMAN. Let it be read.
Mr. Hooper's amendment was read, as follows:
Add to section seven the following:
Provided, That banks with a capital of not less than
«&;,0,000 may, with the approval ot ttie Secretary of the
Treasury, he organized in any placc the population of
which does not excecd six thousand inhabitants.
Mr. PIKE. I withdraw my amendment, and
will consent to the* proposition of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I object to this
amendment, for the reason that it gives the Secre-
tary of the Treasury the power to say whether
a bank may or may not be established. He can
withhold his permission from one of these §50,000
banks or let it be established, just as he pleases.
I suggest that, especially under existing circum-
stances, that is a power which ought not to be
lodged m the Secretary of the Treasury, however
safe it might be to lodge it in the Comptroller of
the Trensuiy. Indeed, it seems to mo that the
whole bill, undesignedly without doubt, concen-
trates extraordinary powers in the hands of the
Smetary of the Treasury. This is a high and
dangetous power to give to anyone man,partic-
ulaily to the Secretary of the Treasury at this
moment, standing in the peculiar relation to the
country that lie docs. It is a mischievous and
dangerous experiment to allow him to say whether
in wome mnall town of Illinois, Michigan, Maine,
or any other State, a bank shall or Khali not be
allowed under this law. There should he cer-
tain fixed principles established. Congress, not
the Secretary of the Tieasnry, should lay down
tin: chart. 1 object to that feature of the amend-
ment.
Mr. IIOS.S. 1 move to amend the amendment
of (he gentleman from Massachusetts by sti iking
out the woids, " with the appioval of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform
the I louse that the time to which general debate
was limited ha* expired, and thai debate is now
in oider only under the five minutes title.
The question being on Mi'. Ross's amendment
to the amendment,
Mr. PKUYN. Am I in older m speaking to
the amendment p
The ( HI A i RM AN. J f the gentleman lises to
oppose I he amendment he us in oidt r.
Mr. PRU Yj\. Mr. Chairman, this proposal to
lessen the minimum ofcapitai, and consequently
to meaeaf-e the number oi* institutions to be organ-
ized uuder t hi'-* law, affords nie the opportunity to
say a few w-inh on a subject I inadvertently omit-
ted to allude to )e«teiday,and that is theiemaik
of the jM-ntIonian from Massachusetts, jiYlr.
11 ooI'EU, J that the State bank system had ptoved
to be a failure, and it had thmrfoie become noees-
s;iry to e<tablMi a national system. My < o|-
lea^ue [.Mr. Rp.ook^J noticed this statenu lit quite
fully in the lematks made by him, and 1 (shall not
mo over the i;aound he occupied, (hit let me ask,
why was ittliat the State bank system failed; that
is, that th. vp bunks suspended specie payments'1
Had any legitimate demands been made upon
(hem which they could not meet? Had they
faded to do their dutv m aiding the comment or
conducting the exchanges of the country' Had
they not 'come up in the boldest mannci to the
aid "of I he trovornment ? Wnx it not the emuse
adopted by the Secretary of the Tieasury which
led to then suspension?
Let us look at this: the Secretary at the npon-
i v of the war had two courses before him to
cany on the finances of the country. The one
was that vi hich he adopted. My limited time will
not allow mc to comment on this. The other would
have maintained our finances on a specie_basis.
A large part of the additional currency which the
country needed would have been immediately sup-
plied by the State banks, and with peifect safety
to the community, as that currency is nowalmost
for division on the amend- j! universally bused' on the security of the State
from Maine [Mr. Pike] to <A stocks in addition to the liability of the banks. If
the seventh section ofthe bill, to .strike oufgJOO,000 || needed the Secretary of the Treasury might have
and insert $50,000, so that no association shall be u added an amount of Treasury notes or exchequer
bills, one or two hundred million dollars, if you
please, just as much more or less as the wants of
the country demanded, receivable at all points m
payment of all obligations to the Government.
This would have given us an ample amount of
currency. For, as my friend from New York
[Mr. Brooks] well saiu yesterday, currency does
not consist of small notes, ot five and ten and
twenty dollar notes only, but of drafts of w?1!"
established houses, of checks and orders, which
pass from haJTdto hand throughout the length and
breadth of the country just as readily as if they
were bank notes or Treasury notes. Had this
course been pursued the State banks would not
have been forced to suspend specie payments; and
had the Secretary of the Treasury continued to sell
the stocks of the Governmentat what they would
bring in the markets, with specie payment main-
tained, the result would, in my judgment, have
been that a large five per cent, stock which before
the war sold at a considerable premium, instead
of being worth as it now is only something over
sixty per cent, in gold, would never have gone
below eighty-five or eighty per cent. Not only
our own people but foreigners would have had
that confidence in our engagements which unfor-
tunately does not now exist. More than this, the
Government would have procured its supplies for
the war at their real value instead of paying the
largely increased amount which they are now
paying. If, as is generally believed, our public
debt will, at the close ofthe present year, be
§4,000,000,000, at least £1,000,000,000 of this
amount has, in my judgment, been uselessly in-
curred by the erroneous financial policy of ths
Government.
Mr. HOOPER. I hope that the amendment
will not he adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
On a division on the amendment, there were—
ayes 5, noes 40.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg,
of Michigan, and Brooks, were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 1, noes 50; no quorum voting.
The CH AIRMAN diiected the roll to be called.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Wilii-Ui) J.Allen, Aneona, Anderson, Arnold,
Ki.uieis l'. JJl.ui, Jaeoi) J>. j>l;ur, l>o}d, Hiooks, WiDuun
t>!uw (i, (Jluuiiei, (Jull'toth, ('iu, CiowUl, Ilemy Winter
JUvi^- ?i-nvev. i),iwsoti, Ih'tnmff, IJenison, lltxoti,
]■',deli, Pil'jriion, Hiding, FarnMvoith, j'Yuton, Fiuek,
(inorh, (iimncll. Hall. Hauling, Hamilton, A^.iUe! W.
11ubh.tul, John II. Jfluhhaul, llutchu.-:, Jenekc-, Philip
Jnhnson. William Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Kellej, Or-
lando Kellojr^, Roman, Kim, Latfcai, Lo lMond, Little-
jolitij i -nii'f, ijov ejoy, Malloty, Mai\ m, McBi itle, AI«. Pow-
i;ll, Alelndoo, MelvunieN j MuUUelon, William II. iMiile},*
Daniel Morit^, James 1\. Morns, Allium Mjeis, l^'onard
Oilcll, Chailes O'Neill, Oitli, rcudleton, Samuel
J. l'.utdall, Alrxandoi II. Rice, llobni"oii, Roiier-^Edwaul
II. Rulluis, ^ehenek,Hcofield,Seoit, Sloan,Smith.Hpald-
um, Starr, John U Steele, Stiles,Stroud, Thayer, Thomas,
Waul, William 15. Wai-hhurn, Whaley, C'lniiDii A.VN'lntf,
JtiM'ph W. While, Wilder, Winlield, lk'iijamm VVdOd,
LVinamio Wood, and Woodbudge.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Brandkgce re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
.state of the Union had, according to order, had the
Union generally under considciation, and paitic-
ularly the national currency bill, and finding itself
without a qumum had caused the roll to be called
and directed him to leport the names of the ab-
sentees to the House.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that there be a call of
the [-louse.
Mr. STEVENS. Let us have a call of the
House, and make an example of those members
who will not attend to the business of the country.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called; and the follow-
ing membcis failed to answer to their names:
IVIe^sr?. Ja'nes C. Allen, William J. Allen, Aneona, Ar-
nold. Jacob IJ. Ulan. Bo\d, William G. Riown, 'Joilrotli,
Co\,' <Jre«wcil, Metny Winter Davis, ])awe«, Dawson,
Demsoi,. Dj.von, Eden, £<lgeiton, Eidudpt;, l-'amswoith,
denton, fnu-k, Gooch, Gnnuell, liaU, Asahtl W. Ifuhbard,
John H. Huhbard, Ilutcimw, Jencke^, I'hilip Johnson,
U'lUiam Johnson. Julian, Oilando KciJo^L'. Kernan, King,
Lazear, he IMond, Littlejolm, Long, Love]oy, Mallory,
IMarvui, McAllister, McDow ell,McTiidoc, McKm ey,Mid-
dleton, William 11. Miliei, James R. Morris, Amo5? Myor->,
Leonard Mjeis, Odell, Charh^, O'Neill,Patter^on, Samuel
J.Ilandall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Kice, Itobmson,
Bdvvaul II.Rollins, Schenck, Scotiold, Scott,Sloan, Smith,
Spaidmg, Starr, Sulcs, Strouse, TJiayer, Ward, William
