242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
I think, therefore, the argument of the Senator
from Maine is not conclusive. Men do not all
cost the same amount of money. Colored men
can serve in the armies of the Republic in certain
capacities. They may labor as well in the ditches
and on the fortifications, but nobody need pretend
that they are, on an average, worth as much as
white men. It never has been so,and neverwill
be so, that men of less cultivation are worth as
much as those who are cultivated, in the armies.
Intellect has something to do with the courage of
men, with their persistence; and an ignorantcom-
munity never did furnish as good soldiers as those
that are cultivated. It never has been so, and
neverwill be so. An enlightened nation always
furnishes the best armies. While I have believed
from the beginning that colored men ought to be
employed, and may be employed with greateffect,
I never did believe they would be equal to the
white men of the Republic, even as soldiers.
They may have, and do have, I think, an equal
amount of brute force; they can perform an equal
amount of physical labor; but they are not worth
as much; and I think the result of the service of
our ownarmsin the field will show that they can-
not be trusted to some extent. They may serve
in connection with white troops, but we cannot
rely on them exclusively.
While I am on my feet, I might as well say that
I think the bill as it now stands is wrong in this;
the commutation is not enough. You propose to
allow a man to buy himself off for $400, while a
man in the market, if I may use such a term, costs
$600. Theie is no recruiting station, I believe,
in the free States anywhere where volunteers can
be procured for $400 each. There are other in-
ducements held out besides the $300 or §400 of-
fered by the Government. In my own State, 1
think in all the counties of the State, at every
recruiting station, either tho county or the town
or Lhe township has added lo the Government
bounty, and has agreed, in addition, to provide for
the welfare of the families of the men that volun-
teer for the purpose of avoiding a draft. There
ispeihnpsa neighborhood pride, a town pride,
a county pride brought to bear, which weighs
something in the settlement of this question; and
then the county, town, or township adds money
and agiecs to provide fur the welfare of his fam-
ily in the absence of the soldier in the field. It
has been stated hero repeatedly that in New Eng-
land some of the States give a bounty of $300 in
addition to tho Government bounty. Then, I
have been told, tho towns and cities add an addi-
tional sum to this ylate bounty, and thus run up
the price of substitutes. Then wo as a nation
agree to allow a man who is drafted, whose ser-
vices are needed in the field, to buy himself oil*
for $300 or $400, and then the Government turns
around and pays all equal sum of money, and the
States individually add to that sum, for a substi-
tute, who thus costs the Government double the
amount that enables the party to buy himself off
from the performance of this service due to tho
Republic.
It seems to me the correct rule ought to be to
compel the man to go or to pay enough money to
hire another man equal to himself. I can never
agree that he may be peimitted to release himself
from this service by paying money enough to hire
an inferior man. I do not think colored soldiers
will ever be equal to the white troops, and hence
I am unwilling to agree to the proposition advo-
cated by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was not my proposi-
tion at all. The simple truth of the matter is that
the Senator's colleague got up this scarecrow, the
possibility that colored men might be obtained
and that this amendment might operate in that
way. The proposition is simply that the Secre-
tary of War shall procure the substitutes. The
probability is that he would procure them in just
those States where there is a deficiency; but tile
Senator from Iowa imagines that possibly he may
go down South and get colored men; and on that
he predicates' his argument, and on that his col-
league follows him.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will pardon me
for a moment, the Senator who raised the " scare-
crow "is the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] who stated that this might be tho course
which the Secretary of War would pursue; and
it was on that hypothesis that 1 based what I had
to say, hee.uirc 1 wanted to avoid oven the possi-
bility, and ho said the Secretary would probably
do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a question be-
tween the Senator and the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. GRIMES. It is a question that occurred
in the presence of the Senator; and I do not choose
that the Senator shall say that I introduced the
subject.
Rdr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how that
may be. I did not raise the argument; nor did I
imagine that the argument would arise to anycon-
siderable extent. Nobody imagines that it would,
except the Senators from Iowa, who really seem
to be alarmed for fear that somebody may be re-
lieved—that seems to be their great" trouble—of a
burden to some possible extent, and therefore the
great State of Iowa may suffer. That is the whole
logic and benevolence of the argument from the
beginning to the end. The Senator says a sub-
stitute in New England costs $600, and shall we
permit them to be employed elsewhere for $300?
That would be an outrage on the State of lovva.
In other words, if the nature of our labor is such
as to make it necessary or convenient, or for our
interest, that a man should be procured possibly
elsewhere for a loss sum than we are now obliged
to pay, we shall not have the benefit of it, be-
cause we thereby relieve oursel ves of serving under
the draft; whereas in the State of Iowa there is no
necessity for such a thing. The Senators have
stated here that in Iowa they paid no bounties;
tho State pays none, the county pays none.
Mr. HARLAN. I know the Senator does not
intend to misrepresent my State. I have just
stated that they do pay a bounty in excess of the
Government bounty, I think at every recruiting
station in the State; and in addition, they provide
for the welfare of the families by making monthly
payments to the wives of those who volunteer and
go into the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that the
Senator and his colleague do not agree in their
ideas of what is the state of the case in Iowa.
The State, I see in some statement with regard
to it, has incurred no debt.
Mr. HARLAN. The State as a State does not;
but counties and towns and neighborhoods do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 am corrected. I
had my information from the Senator's colleague
that there were no bounties whatever paid in the
State of Iowa; that all there was there was a pro-
vision for the families of soldiers. We make the
same provision for the families precisely,and we
pay the bounties besides, cost what they may.
That is the simple truth of it. The labor in some
places is so needed at home and is of such a nature
that it is essential that the money should be paid
and substitutes obtained. Now, here is a bare
possibility presented—because after all it is buta
possibility—that by this proposition tho men, to
a certain extent, might possibly be secured by
the Secretary of War for a less sum by procuring
them somewhere else perhaps. That idea seems
to afflict my friends, who think that it is not fair as
between usand others. If that argument is one that
addiesscs itself to the Senate, I cannot help it.
Mr. CONN ESS. If I thought this amendment
would bo construed as the Senator from Iowa
seems to fear, I should vote against it; but 1 have
not the slightest fear that the War Department
will so construe it. On the contrary, I know that
the War Department is determined to enroll and
enlist and muster into the service of the United
States colored men as United States soldiers, and
that it is totally opposed to allowing the agents of
States to go down into the southern States and
make commerce of those men by grabbing among
them and putting into the States' quota relatively
as many as shall be necessary to make it up.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator
from California if he does not know that Massa-
chusetts has mustered in regiments of colored men
heretofore, and been credited for the number thus
mustered in, procured beyond the limits of Mas-
sachusetts; some of them in South Carolina, North
Carolina, Virginia, and St. Louis.
Mr. CONNESS. I know that that has been
done; but I also understand it to have been puta
stop to; and I understand that the Department,
acting upon its discretion, will no longer permit
such a thing to be done.
I know that that evil went further, and I will
say to the Senator from Iowa that Massachusetts
has about four hundred of the citizens of Cali-
fornia ill its service as a part of its quota. I have
complaints from those men daily since they have
been in the service. They are not satisfied, and
they never will be satisfied, because they find them-
selves working in the field and the result of their
prowess and efficiency as soldiers credited to an-
other State than their own. They enlisted among
the troops of Massachusetts in order to obtainact-
ive service and to serve the country, owing to the
distance of their own State from the great theater
of the war; but they are dissatisfied; and so it will
always turn out in such cases.
I am utterly and entirely opposed, as I know
the War Department now is, to allowing this
thing to be done; but I am entirely satisfied that
this amendment, if adopted, will not be so con-
strued by the Department, while it will serve the
other purpose, which I think very essential, of
supplying a want of the old law as pointed out
clearly to us by the Senator from Maine this
morning; and therefore I am in favor of it.
Mr. CLARK. I d esire for a moment to call
the attention of Senators to what is the law. A
party drafted may pay his $300 or $400 com-
mutation money, and that commutation money
the Secretary of War is required to expend in
procuring substitutes. Is there any limit onhim
at the present time that he must get the substitute
in the district? Notatall. He may expend that
money now any where, wherever he pleases, and
he credits the State, not with the amount of men
obtained, but counting each $300 as a man,
whether he gets the man or not. This amend-
ment provides that he shall only credit the amount
of men he actually ohtains. It alters the law no
further in that respect.
Mr. DAVIS. I think, sir, the loyal States
ought to be restricted in malting up their propor-
tion of soldiers to their own limits; at least they
should not be permitted to go into the limits of
other loyal States, whether the agencies by which
troops are to be drawn from them be State or
Federal. I admit that it is very desirable to tho
New England States to keep their laboring pop-
ulation at home and not permit them if they can
avoid it to go into the Army. For what reason ?
The most skillful, available, and valuable labor
on earth is the labor of the New England me-
chanics. In point of result, both in the achieve-
ment of manufactured articles and in creating
wealth, there is no labor in the world that com-
pares with that of New England; consequently,
considerations of political economy would make
it very desirable to the leading minds of New
England to make every arrangement practicable
to keep her laborers at, home.
How is it with other loyal States, especially
the border slave States ? A large proportion of
their labor is negro labor, unskillful, not pro-
ductive at all in comparison with the skillful,
cultivated labor of tho northern States. Here is
the way it is going to operate and does operate:
the border slave States may furnish theii quota of
volunteers or of drafted men, and yet, under the
operation of the law that allows the Secretary of
War to go into other States and recruit negro sol-
diers, although my Slate may furnish by volun-
teering or by drafting its full quota, it would not
at all exempt its negro laborers from being re-
cruited and taken into the Army. How is it in
Maryland and in Missouri and in Tennessee at
this time? The Secretary of War Would sooner
enlist a slave in those States than a white man.
His object and his policy, and that of the Presi-
dent, is to break up the institution, to demoralize
it, to withdraw from tho fields and other theaters
of labor in the border slave States their entire
effective male slave population, and to leave the
remnant of that race, old men, women, and chil-
dren, and in that way to make the institution of
slavery a burden upon the owners, and thus to
make it repulsive to them by leaving only the non-
effectives to be supported by them, and in that
way to wring their consent to emancipation, of
themselves, or its abolition by the usurped power
of the President.
Mr. President, it is complained that Kentucky
is not a recruiting ground for the enlistment of
negroes. That was professedly the state of case,
but it is not and has not been the fact for some
time. Indeed, I am informed that within a few
days recruiting of negroes has been ordered in
thatState. The Secretary of War has sentspecial
