1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
248
agents to recruit negroes in the lower or first dis-
trict of Kentucky. Bui for some considerable
time this has been in practical operation: they
have established recruiting stations within the
boid<->is of Tennessee, along the southern Ken-
tucky line, and they allure and receive all slaves
escaping from their masters in the State of Ken-
tucky. They send over emissaiies from those
camps and inveigle men, women, and children.
On the application of a member of Congress from
that Slate, and of other citizens who are interested
in (his property—although they arc as loyal to
the United Suites and its Government as any men
whatever—they denied to them wholly the piivi-
lege of reclaiming any of their slaves.
Mr. President, I do not make these remarks
with the expectation that they will have theleast
influence upon gentlemen to correct the wrong of
which I complain; but I make them for the pur-
pose of presenting the state of fact to the coun-
try. Here is the State of Kentucky, that has I
suppose sent twenty thousand of her sons, her
miwoithv and traitorous sons, into the southern
army, and she has sent upwards of fifty thousand
of those who are loyal and true into the Union
Army. If she were to be consulted she would
piefer to make up her quota of troops entirely
from the white population, and she would sooner
furnish five white soldiers than that one negro
soldier should be recruited in the State, because
the effect of the recruitment of negro soldiers is
to demoralize the whole of her slave population.
She may fill up her full quota, every man, by vol-
unteering or by drafting from the white popula-
tion, and then, for the purpose of carrying out
indirectly and furtively the policy of the Govern-
ment, the Secretary of "War sends his agents to
establish recruiting stations along the Kentucky
border within Tennessee, und they allure all the
slaves from the State that they can induce to go
to them, and still protest that they are not recruit-
ing m the State of Kentucky.
Now, sir, here is the injustice of the operation:
the northern States, that luue a manufacturing
population that constitutes their true wealth and
true glory, and so large a pait of the common
gloiy and wealth of our country, are desirous to
save to themselves this valuable population. It
is a reasonable desire; but here is our inferior la-
boring population in the border States, consistur
of negioes. thatare abstracted from their owners
and from the State, though the State may make
uj) its fall quota of white soldiers, for the purpose
of taking the place of these northern operatives
and of enabling those States to keep then-laboring
population at home. After our white freemen
peifoim their full duty by musteung in the force
that is required fiom the State to match to the
battle-field, the negro laborers, who ought to be
left there forthe purpose of raisingthe necessaries
of life to support their white owners who have
gone to the battle-field, are also taken into camp,
and their owners left destitute of labor, hi that
way the border slave States are deprived of their
necessary laboring population for the purpose of
keeping at home the laboring population of other
and distant sections.
Sir, the system is unjust and unequal in its
operations It has had a most deletenous effect
in Maryland, and it is producing the same conse-
quences in my own State and the State of Mis-
sonn. Bntnomatter howunjust and oppressi\e
it may operate upon the people of these loyal
States, that will have no influence, I know, upon
the Secretary of War or the President. On the
contrary, so far as they can magnify these unjust
fruits of their unconstitutional and illegal policy,
they will do it by expanding them and aggravating
them in every way they can. This war policy ix
in,,!!' against slavery than the lebelhon, and in
wagm°" it they are reckless whether they strike
the loyal or di'sloynl. 1 merely make these le-
nt.u ks for the purpose of showing the state of the
fact, and for no other purpose whatever.
All. CONNESS. I desire to make a very short
answer to the Senator from Kentucky, and it is
this: hf'i etofoi e, for over eighty yeai s? the blacks
m the slave States have heen voters and not
fighters; that is to say, their white meters ha\e
voted for them. We piupose in this hour of the
eo f ntry's need and m the ad vanced stage of ca il-
lation, as we believe, to change the pulicy a
huh.*, so that hereafter, I trust, they will votu less
and tip ht more. 1 am in favor of that policy.
' Mr. DAVIS. 1 will ask the honorable Senator
I from California by whose arrangement and whose
I law was it that the black population voted through
j their white masters' Who ordered that5 It was
1 the framers of the Constitution. If they had not
I made that arrangement there would have been no
I Constitution, there would have been no Union,
j If that is a grievance, and operates unjustly on
| the white man of the free States, there is a mode
| of remedying it, and thatmode is provided by the
Constitution itself in its amendment. That feat-
ure in the Constitution, as well as any other, may
be changed according to the mode prescribed by
the instrument itself, through the medium of a
national convention. I protest against the Sec-
retary of War, or the President, or any other
power producing the results upon this or any
other subject connected with constitutional law
which can be effected propeilyand legitimately
only by a national convention.
Mr. "CONNESS. So far as changing the voting
part of the proposition is concerned, 1 a^iee with
the Senator fiom Kentucky that it ought to be
done, when done, by constitutional amendment;
but I think that by the statute as we are now pio-
viding, and by the necessities of the nation, we
can apply the remedy in the other direction, that
of making them fighters.
Mr. IIARLAN. I have a question to ask of
the Senator from Kentucky, and that is, whether
the Secretary of War has sent recruiting officers
to Kentucky to recruit colored men after the quota
of Kentucky has been filled?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not suppose he has. 1 do
not suppose the quota is full there; but they aie
taking steps to fill H. 1 have no doubt it would
be filled; that if Kentucky had the option to raise
her quota of white reciuitsor submit to regro re-
ci uitment, she would accept and execute the first
alternative.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the oppor-
tunity was given to the people of all the States
until the 5th of January to fill up their quota of
the three hundied thousand men. Some of the
States have filled their quotas; some have not;
and we now leam that Kentucky is of the latter
class. The Secretary of War, according to his
showing, has sent recruiting officers to Kentucky
with authoiity to receive colored men. The
white men have had the oppoi tunity to volunteer
and fill up the quota. They have not done so.
The privilege is now to be extended to the colored
men; and if they should be moie pauiotio than
the white men, and come to the help of the coun-
try, I do not, as o Senator, feel inclined to com-
plain. Nor do I see any injustice, ni the levying
of the blacks, in meiud nig the colored men of Ken-
tucky or any other State. ] do not think, as i have
said a few minutes since, that they will make as
good soldieis as white men, but they will be better
than no hoMkmt; at all. If the white men of Ken-
tucky would volunteer in sufficient numbers to fill
up her quota I suppose no effort would be made
to enlist her coloieci population; that is, no d:aft
would be executed. But why should not a col-
ored man serve in the armies of the Republic m
the absence of a disposition or willingness on the
part of the white population of the State to do so?
It cannot giow out of the fact that the colored
man is supposed to owe service to the white man,
because many of the white men of Kentucky, I
doubt not, owe service to other men. All those
under fwtnty-one yeais of age doubtless do so;
but thosewho areover twenty and under twenty-
one years of age are subject to the operation of
the d i aft. In the execution of this law the Gov-
ernment does not consult the father of the youn<r
man who may be a minor ovei twenty yeais of
age, but his name is cniolled, and if, when the lot
is cast, it should be selected, he is compelled to
serve, a* mm h eo as if be w eie twenty-one or thn ty
years old. On what principle cmi you exempt a
man who owes service during life to another from
serving in the mimes of the Republic when you
do not exempt the son who is still a minor' You
compel the father to give up his son, the offspring
of his own loins, aithough he owes him service
for another year. You do not consult his will or
wishes. Is the relation of masUr and slave
stronger than the relation of father and son?
It seems to me the complaint ought to be from
the other quaiter, that while these able-bodied
colored men ate exempt the minor sons of white
men are compelled to serve. As it seems to me,
justice to the white people of Kentucky and the
white people of the whole country requires that
all the able-bodied men of the Republic embraced
within the age indicated in the law should be sub-
ject to the draft. If the people of the States vol-
unteer and fill their quota of course they are re-
leased. If they do not do so, then it seems to me
that justice to the white people of Kentucky, as
well as the people of the whole Republic, requires
that the diaft should be executed impartially on
all. If colored men are selectedj it releases that
number of white men who may be citizens of Ken-
tucky. On principle I can see no reason for the
exemption of the colored men of Kentucky or of
any other State; but if the white men would vol-
unteer, us 1 believe they would make better sol-
diers, of course I would not be in favor of com-
pelling the coloted men to serve.
Mi. DAVIS. One word m reply to my friend
fiom Iowa. I believe that but two or three States
have filled up their At 11 quotaas yet by volunteer-
ing. Another, New Hampshire, has nearly com-
pleted hers.
Mr. ANTHONY. Ours was completed long
ago, and half of another quota.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not recollect whether yours
was one of the few in my computation or not.
Then there are some three or four States that have
completed their quota. According to my inform-
ation, the State of Kentucky a month or two
ago had come within about three thousand men
of completing hci quota. I do not know how the
fact is. Now, if Kentucky was in default and the
proposition was to make up the defalcation o^
white men by enlisting negroes in that State, there
might be a show of reason and justice m it; but
this is the point of\iew m which I complainof it
strongly: that no matter whether Kentucky has
filled up her quota or not, even though she may
fill it, the Secretary of War goes on to recruit
fiom our laborers, and to depuve the owners and
the State of the benefit of their labor.
Now, sir, we of the present generation did not
select our class of laborers. If we had the free
option to have hiboiers all white or partly white
and partly black there is not one man in a score
in the State of Kentucky but would have them
all white. We aie not attached to but are op-
posed to slavery as an institution in the abstract
if we could chango it even as a matter of public
or political economy. It is a most expensive sort
of labor. I know, myself, that such is the fact.
Hut we have that labor upon us to the extent of
two hundred and fifty thousand people. It was
imposed upon us by former generations. The
pritamt people of the State have no option, no
choice, m relation to the subject at all. They are
either to continue those laborers or they arc to
tuin them fiee among themselves. If they could
liberate them and colonize them to-morrow, next
week, or next year, it would be done by the voice
of the people of that State; but they cannot do a.
The evil is upon us. It is beyond our control or
correction. Rut the pomtof view in which I com-
plain is this: that when we arc about to fill our
requisition of soldiers, and when we are but a few
thousand in default, the Secretary of War comes
into our State and l ecriuts irom among the labor-
ers our loyal people without regard to the fact
whether we have filled or are about to fill our
quota or not.
Vuiious gentlemen bcie have stated how Mas-
sachusetts h \s been swe< ping ovei the whole land,
from New York to Hilton Head and New Or-
leans, lor the purpose of recruiting her quota from
net/Toes. I do not censure her for it; that, is, I do
not say it, is unnatmal for her to make such etlorts
to substitute m the military service the labor of
ofherStates for her valuableand skillful median
ical labor. But I complain that she should be al-
lowed by the military authorities to shelter and
to keep hei laboieisat home by a system thatun-
iawfully and oppressively takes fiom other States
their labor and tends to the impoverishment of
their people.
Mr. CONNESS. I a^ree to that proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. Of course the ju&t and fair-
minded Senator from California agrees to that
proposition. Itseems to me it ought to strike the
sense of justice of every man so as to receive his
assent. 1 should be glad to offer a proposition to
lestiict the lecrumngof negroes under the Jaw or
under the piactii e of the Department in any State
to the number sufficient to make up the quota of
