1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
against the conclusion to which the committee
has arrived. The report says:
v< Tt should be remembered that the fuct sought is not
wlmt the ballot boxes contain fix months or a year after
the election, but what they did contain after the last vote
was deposited on the day of election."
When we remember that the boxes in tins
case are as secure now as they were when closed
by the officers, the position of the committee has
not the semblance of argument.
There is another thing in the report of my col-
league which I think is not justified by the evi-
dence and facts in the ease. It is, that the con-
testant waives the other matters of contest, besides
the question as to the boxes. I did not under-
stand that the contestant waived any point of j
contest,
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I understood the chairman
of the Committee of 'Elections to ask the gentle-
man who now has the floor, speaking for Mr.
Kline, whether he desired to be heaid on any
other point than in regard to the ballot-boxes, and
I understood the gentleman to soy he did not.
Mr. STILES. I told him that 1 desired to
present no other point until this point was de-
cided. The chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions will bear me out as to what I said.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is the way I under-
stood you.
Mr. STILES. I have no doubt that you so
understood me. I find no fault. The act of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, passed specially for
the city of Philadelphia, enjoins the mayor and
recoider of the city to be the custodians of the
boxes containing all the ballots cast for all the
officers voted for. The boxes were placed in the
hands of those officers. They were summoned
to appear before the judge who took the testi-
mony. The recorder was willing to have thebal-
lots recounted; but the mayor declined, giving as a
reason that the Committee of Elections was the
proper tribunal to call for the production of the
ballots. I will not road his testimony because it
is somewhat lengthy. The question was referred
by the mayor to the Committee of Elections, and
that committee have declined to open the hoxps,
upon the ground, as I have said before, that we
laid no preiimmaiy ground. I submit that there
isevidence in this case which showssome ground
for suspicion of fraud at this election.
There is another point to which I desire to call
the attention of the Hoime. These judges assem-
bled and for the purpose of getting the returns
from the prothonotory's office they adjourned
and some of them left. Immediately aftersvards
 . peremptory mandamus wag served upon the
judges present and they gave the certificate to the
sitting member. That circumstance was suffi-
cient itself to cast suspicion upon this election
and return. In addition to that a paper was sub-
mitted to the committee, though not an official
paper, that the returns of one precinct was omit-
ted, whether intentionally or by mistake I do not
know. The slightest evidence of fraud ought to
suffice, even if the view of the committee is adopted.
1 think that a lecount was a matter of justice
to the contestant as well as to the sitting member,
and 1 do not see why he should have objected
to it.
The gentleman who presented the report of the
Committee of Elections referred to the manner in
which the ballot-boxes are generally kept in that-
State. Now the thing complained of was cor-
rected by the law of 1861. The ballot-boxes
are so kept there that there is no possibility of
tampering with them. No person is allowed to
go into the vault where they are kept. The
mayor cannotgo in there himself without the con-
sent of the recorder. The keys of that vault are
held jointly by them. There is nothing therefore
in the argument that these boxes may have been
tampered with. They may be kept there for-
ever without any probability of their being tam-
pered with. 1 do not desire to detain the House
or I would read the testimony of the mayor.
He testifies that these boxes have been safely
kept and that they have not been touched since
they were deposited there. J would like to know
whether the statement m this report is meant to
be general, or only to refer to this particularcase.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If my colleague had noticed
the report he would have had his answer. The
committee say that it ** makes no difference in set-
tling the rule, that in thispaiUcular case the votes
had been carefully guaided by the mayor and re-
corder, under a special law for the city of Phila-
delphia." The committee have decided against
the abstract propriety of counting votes over and
over again whenever anybody wishes it.
Mr. STILES. The report seems to go upon
the ground that these boxes have been tampered
with. I will  ead from the report:
" To adopt a rule that the ballot-boxes should be opened
upon the mere request of the defeated candidate would oc-
casion more fraud than it could possibly expose. The
number of ballot boxes in each congressional district is
M'ldoni less than fifty, and often more than two hundred.
They are usually left in the care of a magistrate or some
township officer, by whom they are deposited hi no safer
place than an upper sln-IMn a public office. The oppor-
tunities of tampering with the boxes thu* scattered through
the district would be abundant; and if it was known in
advance that a second count could be had withoutdiserod-
iting the fma,the temptation to do *o would be strong."
I submit that that does not apply to this case
at all. Under the law of 1861 these boxes were
kept where they could not be tampered with.
The mayor so testifies.
In deciding to refuse to allow a recount the com-
mittee has decided the whole case; and I suppose
no argument here could reverse the report m this
House. Mr. Kline is satisfied he was duly elected^
and that upon a proper investigation of the case
this fact would appear. Protesting for him against
the conduct of the mayor of Philadelphia in re-
fusing to do his duty, and protesting against the
action of the committee, I submit the case for the
decision of the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded the previousques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the lesolutions were adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OKI)Elt Of BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
dispense with private business during the re-
mainder of the day.
Mr. STILES. * I hope my colleague will yield
a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I had hoped this would be
the last time I should be asked to yield. This
has been a vei y unlucky day for me. I hope we
shall proceed with the Pacific railroad bill now.
The House divided on the motion; and no quo-
rum voting,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Stevens and Mr. Stiles.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 55, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The first business is the
Pacific railroad bill; the previous question has
been called upon the pending amendments thereto.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION-
Mr. DA WES. 1 rise to a privileged question,
j call up the contested election case of Carrigan
vs. Thayer.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot call
that case up now, as the House is now engaged
in the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DAWES. 1 ask the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania to yield for that purpose.
Mr, STEVENS. What is the case?
Mr. DAWES. Carrigan vs. Thayer, upon
which I propose to call the previous question.
Mr. S TEVENS. If it will not occupy any
time, and the gentleman will call the previous
question and stick to it, I will yield.
Mr. DAWES, i propose to do so.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon that condition I yield.
Mr. STILES. I ask leave, on behalf of Mr.
Carrigan, the contestant, that he may be permit-
tod to print the icmaiks he has prepared, as he is
not present.
Leave was granted.
The following are the remarks;
Mr. CARRIGAN. Mr. Speaker,! embrace
this opportunity to present, to tliis honorable
body over which you preside with impartiality
and ability my sincere acknowledgments foi the
courtesy of the floor, pending the contest about
to be decided, and Tor the privilege accorded me
ef addressing the House m my own behalf. The
honorable Committee of 'Elections, after a patient
heaving,- have, by their report, made me respons-
ible for a defect in the law of 1851, prescribing
the mode of taking evidence, which defect ex-
cludes the great mass of testimony adduced,'
Construing the law with judicial nicety, the de-
cision of the committee may be right; but viewing
the equities, as well as thegreat latitude invariably
allowed in cases of this kind, I think the commit-
tee, without straining their delegated authority
or asuuniing aity more than the usual responsi-
bility, might have admitted the whole of my tes-
timony. In their judgment they have decided
otherwise; to it I respectfully submit, but not
without my earnest protest.
At an earlier period in the session I would have
spoken at length upon this point, as well as the
merits of my case, prepared at the cost of much
time and labor; but in view of an early adjourn-
ment, which all desire, and the unfinished busi-
ness of much more importance to the public and'
this House than any remarks 1 might make, I
waive the right you have accorded me, ask leave
to print wha't I maydesireto say,and awaitwitli
submission the judgment of the House on the
resolutions reported from the committee.
Mr. DAWES. 1 call the previous question
upon the resolutions reported by the committee.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be putf and under
the operation thereof the following resolutions
were agreed to:
Resolved, That Charles W. Carrigan Is not entitled to a
neat inthis House as a Representative in iheThirty-Eighth
Congress from tlie fifth eoiigre-sional district in Peimsyl-
\ iania.
Kcsolrwl, That M. ltusscll Thayer is entitled 10 a seat
la this limine .is <1 Ucpresentauvi; in the Thirty-Eighth
Ootigr("<s from the filth congressional district in Pennsyl-
vania.
leav15 op absence.
On motion of Mr. W. J. ALLEN, indefinite
leave of absence was granted to Mr. J. C. Allen.
quartermaster's department, etc.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentlemen from
Pennsylvania to give way a moment to allow the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
two Senate bills that they muy be printed and
recommitted to the committee. One is a bill to
reorganize the quartermaster's department, and
the other the engineer department,
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I usk leave to report the
bills for the purposes 1 have mentioned.
Mr.HOLMAN. Willi the understanding that
they are not to be brought buck by a motion to
reconsider, 1 shall not object.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is an independent
question. 1 tiro going to askunanimous consent
to be permitted to report them back atsomegiven
time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Aie there two bills or one?
The SPEAKER. Two.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SCHENCK thereupon, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported back with
amendments the following bills, which, with the
amendments, were ordered to be printed and re-
committed to the committee, namely:
An act (S. No. 154) to provide for the better
organization of the quartei master's department;
and
An act(S. No. 151) relating to enlistments, and
for other purposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Military Affairs may be
permitted to report back these bills at such time
as suits the convenience of the House and the
committee.
Unanimous consent was granted.
board of HEALTH for the district.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 ask-fte gentleman from Penn-
sylvania' to allow me to present a petition for the
establishment of a boaid of health for this Dts-
tilet.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, no; it is too hot for that.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DRiGGS. I merely wish to hare it re-
ferred to the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well.
Mr. DRIGGS thereupon, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the petition alluded to, and the
f^ame was referred to tlie Committee for the Dis-
i met of Columbia.
