1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Government of the United States. There is no
opportunity for cross-examination; no opportu-
nity for the introduction of witnesses on the other
side. If the Courtof Claims has jurisdiction, on
which*I am not informed, this is one of those
cases which ought to be referred to that tribunal.
Mr. PENDLETON. I .am not prepared to
say that the Courtof Claims has not jurisdiction.
If there were the least doubt, if f thought there
could be entertained the least doubt on the evi-
dence in the case, I would not ask the House to
determine it, for no person has a worse opinion
as to the capacity of the House as a tribunal to
try disputed facts. They are as clear as clear
can be. The testimony admits of no doubt.
Mr. SLOAN. Has that testimony been re-
ported to the House and printed"?
Mr. PENDLETON. It has not. The evi-„
dence is all here before me, and it is embraced in
the affidavits of all the parties. The facts upon
which this bill is based met with no question in
the Committee of Ways and Means. They were
perfectly satisfied of the facts stated.
Mr. SLOAN. Another question. "Were the
witnesses before the committee?
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir, they were not.
The testimony of the witnesses is contained in
their written affidavits, which were furnished to
the committee.
Mr. SLOAN. Which are ex parte affidavits?
Mr. PENDLETON. Of course they are ex
parte.
Mr.JENCKES. Iflunderstandthegetttleman
from Ohio, this bill is in violation of one of the
settled principles of commercial insurance law.
If! heard correctly the bill read, it proposes that
the Government shall replace to the insurance
company certain new notes of the United States
in the place of some which have boen destroyed
while on their transit through the mails in a Gov-
ernment vessel. Now, I ask the gentleman if he
knows of any precedent in the commercial or in-
surance law of this country where it has been held
that an insurer, who has received a premium for
the risk taken, has been subrogated to the right
of the insured ? The point of all the decisions is
this, that the insurer takes his risk absolutely and
takes his premium for his risk, without hope of
reimbursement from any quarter. When a loss
accrues, he is bound to pay it, and he has no right
to call upon any party interested in the property,
or to use the name of any party interested in it,
unless it is stated in the contract of insurance that
the insurer shall be subrogated to all the rights
of the insured. The risft is separate and inde-
pendent,and when alossoccurs, theinsuier must
bear it.
Mr. PENDLETON. It is commonin policies
of insurance to have a provision that insurance
companies shall he subrogated to all the rights of
the insured. But I understand that even in the
absence of a clause of that kind in a policy, upon
an abandonment the insurance company is sub-
rogated to all the rights of the owners of the prop-
erty.
Mr. GANSON. I understand that there is a
doubt upon that point. In Massachusetts the
courts held that there is no subrogation whatso-
ever. In Vermont there was a dictum that the
right of subrogation did exist, but I think the
courts of that State have not held to that. They
now treat the matter upon the ground that the in-
surance is a separate and distinct bargain, based
upon an adequate consideration for the risk as-
sumed, and that therefore the relations which are
necessary to subrogate one party iri the place of
another do not exist in such a case'.
Mr. PENDLETON. Even if the insurer is
not subrogated to the right of a party insured,
there is no principle in the insurance law by which
a party who holds a claim may not assign it to
the insurance company for its indemnity. And
that is the case presented here, in which, after
the insurance company has indemnified the party
for all the loss by paying up the $8,000, it took
an assignment of all the claim which the party
had upon the Government. It is not important
in this case to settle the law of subrogation.
Questions may arise between the insurers and the
insured. They do not arise here. There are no
such questions between the insurer and the debtor
of the assured.
Now, sir,! want to know upon what principle
it is contended that by the louaof these notes the
debt is extinguished. I wafit to know who is pre-
pared to say that the Government of the United
States can honestly refuse to pay these $8,000 to
its citizens because the notes have been destroyed ?
Somebody has lost them.
Mr. THAYER. *1 f the gentlemar^ will allow
me a moment, I will answer his question. The
question is not whether the Government of the
United States shall make good to the bona fide
holder the lost evidences of its indebtedness. The
question is whether the Government of the United
States is bound to interfere in behalf of a party
situated like this insurance company. The only
question, in my judgment, is whether this par-
ticular party has a right to come upon the Gov-
ernment for its interference in a matter in which
this company has assumed the whole risk, and
for assuming; which it has been paid.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if he would con-
sider it a good claim if it were prosecuted in the
name of the original holders of the notes.
Mr. THAYER. Unquestionably I should;
and I will add that I have no doubt whatever that
the facts, if they were divested of the feature of
insurance, would call upon us immediately to pass
this bill in order to have these notes reissued, and
I have no doubt that the evidence on file sustains
the facts; fori have confidence enough in the gen-
tleman from Ohio to believe, without having read
the evidence, that he would not report the bill
unless the evidence was entirely satisfactory in
that respect. Butthe point is that the partieswho
ask for this remedy from the Governmentare not
entitled to the icmcdy. These parties have in-
sured against a peril,and have received the price
of incurring that peril. I believe no one doubts
that in all ordinary cases it is the bounden duty
of the Government to make good all losses of
this kind to the owners and bona fide holders of
its paper; but when an insurance company,^ho
have made it their duty to insure against the very
loss for which they now ask indemnity, comc
here, and come with an assignment of the claim
from the original holders, the position of such
persons or company is by no means the same as
that of ordinary holders of Government paper.
It is, on the contrary, the position of partieswho
ask the interference of the Government to make
good a loss against which they have insured, and
for incurring the risk of which they have been paid.
Now, the simple point that I made when 1 rose
was that aparty so situated, who made a business
of trading m these very penis, had no right to
call upon the Government for its interference in
its behalf. That is the simple point I make in
regard to the case.
Mr. STEVENS. There seems to be a confu-
sion of ideas in regard to this matter. The Gov-
ernment is not called upon -to make good this
money because it was on a Government vessel,
or because the Government was acting as a com-
mon carrier. But the Government stood in this
condition: here were notes issued by the Gov-
ernment; if those notes had not been held by third
parties there would have been no difficulty about
the matter. But here were notes issued by the
Government. Those notes are proved by un-
questioned evidence to be totally destroyed.
Now, if that be the fact, and the Government
should be sued, would anybody'say that the
Government could not be recovered against upon
the lost obligation, and that persons having in-
terest in it, whether by assignment or otherwise,
could not recover? It is not the case of an insur-
ance company asking to be indemnified. It is
a claim to be paid for notes which belonged to
them. These notes have incontrovcrtibly been
destroyed, and were due by the Government to
somebody. Is the Government to getclearof the
obligation- to pay them simply because of this
misfortune? If an individual has given his bond
for $1,000, and the bond be burnt, or be proved
to be m some manner destroyed, cannot the holder
of that bond, or his assignee, recover upon it as
a lost obligation—an obligation which once ex-
isted and is now destroyed? What relieves the
individual from the obligation? He has never
paid or discharged his obligation. What right
could he have to interfere and inquire how much
money I paid as assignee ? It is none of hisbusi-
ness. it has long ago been decided that the con-
sideration of the assignment cannot be inquired
into in the decision upon an obligation.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania whether this insurance-company
has not a remedy in the Court of Claims.. "
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose, sir, that all.that
is wanted here is that the bonds be repl&cetL
When the money becomes due they can, %ue in
the Courtof Claims, but not before. These bonds
are not due.for some time. Therefore it is that
simply the fac similes are asked to be issued by
the Government. The Government eannobpos-
sibly be ever called upon for the originals, for
they are at the bottom of the deep sea, where
nearly everybody on board went. If this were
a claim against the Government as-oi common
carrier it would be a different thing, but it is not
placed on that ground.
Mr. WILSON. I had understood from the
gentleman from Ohio that these were notes, lid
bonds.
Mr. PENDLETON. Legal-tender notes.
Mr. WILSON. Then there can be no such
difficulty as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
suggests, for these notes were an existing demand
against the Government at the time of the loss.
If therefore it be a claim against the Government)
it can be brought before the Court of Claims.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know what hasbe-
come of the gentleman's bill to annihilate that
court.
Mr. WILSON. 1 can tell the gentleman. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania insisted that the
Courtof Claims should stand intact, in order that
these claims should not be .brought before Con-
gress.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman insisted that
the Court of Claims should be annihilated, be-
cause it was not so good a tribunal as this.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman was stronger
than I. I wish to ask the gentleman whetherthe
Committee of Ways and Means had before it the
policy of insurance in this case.
Mr. STEVENS. I am not quite sure that we
had.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not know that 1
have ever seen the policy.
Mr. WILSON. Can thegentleman inform me
whether that policy contained a condition pro-
viding that the insurance company shoula be
subrogated to the rights of the insured?
Mr. PENDLETON. I cannot.
Mr. WILSON. Then I can see why this party
has not gone to the Court of Claims; for unless
theie is a condition of that kind in the policy the
company could not be subrogated to the rights of
the party. It has no legal claim whatever, and for
that reason it did notgo to the Courtof Claims.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Iowa whether the company could
not use the name of the original owner in bring-
ing suit.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir.
Mr. PENDLETON. Why, undoubtedly it
could.
i Mr. WILSON. The basis on which the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania puts his claim is that
this is an existing legal demand against the Gov-
ernment for the Government to supply notes in
place of those lost. He says that the company
has got a legal right against the Government. If
that be so, there can be no difficulty in having this
case determined by the Court of Claims. If it
be not so, then we should not pass this bill.
Let the case go to the Court of Claims, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania insists that that
court shall live. I have not yet submitted to this
House a bill for the entire abolition of the court,
but only to take away its jurisdiction over war
claims. If the gentleman thinks he is right on
the question of law, let that court determine
whether these parties have a legal claim against
the Government. Otherwise we will be making
the Government an insurer of all the insurance
and express companies of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. We did not become insurers.
This bill is not based upon the supposition that
the claim is against the Government as insurers.
You are debtors, you owe rrvoney, and if you
are honest you will pay it; you will not take ad-
vantage of a quibble to prevent the payment of
the money you owe to the parties to whom it is
due under this legal assignment.
Mr. WILSON. I am sure the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has too much respect for the well-
settled decisions of the courts of the country,ond
