1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
voting. If they had disguised themselves in the
clothing of citizens and approached the polls
would they have been any better entitled to vote
than they were as armed soldiers of the rebel gov-
ernment? I apprehend not. Then, instead of
presci ibing the qualifications of electors in Mary-
land, the Government here have provided a means
of detecting rebels who may, for the time being,
have laid down their arms; and they, in order to
test the character of the man, whether he is or is
not a real citizen of the Republic and a citizen of
Maryland, require that he shall first take an oath
and swear that he will support the Constitution
of the United States and the constitution of Ma-
ryland; and that is all there is of it. If he declines
to take this oath the presumption is that he is a
rebel, and that he has laid down his arms for the
time being for the purpose of voting and thus ef-
fecting by his ballot what he has been unable
hitheito to effect by the use of the musket.
Now, whether an abuse has been made of this
purpose of the Government I am not prepared to
say. If may have occurred here and there in
Maryland and in other States. Men are not per-
fect. I suppose we do not expect to find absolute
perfection in the military officers of the Govern-
ment any more than the civil officers of the Re-
public. This, doubtless, has been the purpose,
and the only purpose, on the part of the Govern-
ment; and 1 think it was right; it was due to
Maryland, who was unable to protect the civil
rightsof her own people, thatthe Government of
the United States should protect them,and ptevent
rebels, either with arms or without arms, from
voting at the polls. Nobody will pretend that,
during the past year or the past thiee years, the
people of Maryland have been able to protect the
purity of her own elections, have been able to
prevent rebels from voting at these elections. We
have had a hundred or more thousand men in arms
here for the purpose of protecting Maryland and
the country adjacent thereto, and without the in-
terference of these armed soldiers of (he Republic
no citizen of Maryland would have been able to
discharge this right of citizenship. The com-
plaint, I think, is founded in error.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I have no right
to complain of the Senator from Iowa, but I should
like to know where he discovered, upon what au-
thority he ventures the opinion, that there is not
loyalty enough in Maryland to protect itself. The
Legislature of Maryland elected before the recent
election, was just as loyal as the Legislature of
Iowa. They were, if there can be ultiaism at all
in such sentiment, ultia loyal; and they were;
abundantly competent and just as willing by any
laws which they deemed necessary, to protect the
ballot-box against the impurity of treasonable
votes. What we object to is that they were not
permitted to protect themselves, through the in-
terference of the Executive, or a military officer
acting under the presumed authority of the Execu-
tive. I say to my friend from Iowa that he is
grossly mistaken if he supposes that there is any
lack of loyalty in the State of Maryland. There
are, no doubt, persons there who.se sympathies
are so strong with the South that they are unable
to do the duty which they owe to their country.
Are theie none in the State of Iowa? I rather
think such would be found. Are there none in
Massachusetts; none in New York; none in Penn-
sylvania; none in any of the other States against
whom the military has not been used ? If we learn
fiom the press of those several States, there is as
much if not more disloyalty in those States than
theie is within the State of Maryland, and if you
lo< k to the efforts which Maryland has made, and
is now making, to fly to the suppoit of the Gov-
ernment, I tell the Senator from Iowa that his
troops, brave and gallant as they are, ate not at all
the superior of the troops o( Maryland. They have
an ancestry which renders it almost impossible
that they should beotherwisc than true, loyal, and
gallant; and there is nut now-—1 am proud to say
it, delighted to say it—there is not now within the
limits of tins great land a State in which loyalty
beats stronger or more universal than it beats with-
in the heart? of the sons of Maryland; and it the
time >-he!i come when it shall become ne<ossary
to rail to the aid of the United States every man
within inn:!* to save the Republic, theie is
not ioi'1 of them who will be permitted to remain
in lid boid'-rs who hesitates for a mornuit to come
to !'11 'j.iuJai.l of the U nited States.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, I think that'
perhaps a little injustice has been done me by the
remarks of the Senator from Maryland, uninten-
tionally, doubtless. I did not say one word im-
pugning the patriotism of Maryland. I only spoke
of her inability to protect herself, and that is patent
to the whole wotid.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where?
Mr. HARLAN. It has not been long since
my colleague here was compelled, I was about to
say, to crawl around Baltimore, the great com-
meicial metropolis of Maryland, in order to reach
the capital of the nation, on account of the disposi-
tion of the people of Baltimore.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him when?
Mr. HARLAN. Since the commencement of
this rebellion.
Mr. JOIINSON. In April, 1861, when the city
was crazy.
Mr. HARLAN. It has not been long since
the Government of the United States was com-
pelled to manufacture, patch up a way to bring
troops to the capital of the nation, in orderto avoid
the commercial metropolis of Maryland, on ac-
count of the disposition of its own people. Now
that there has a manifest change taken place
for the better, is of course known to all. The
Senator himself cannot be more gratified at that
result than I am; but then, sir, it is history, and
not very old history, that Maryland has been
in varied, and the armies of the Republic have been
assembled in multiplied thousands to diive those
invade! s from Maryland. It was not the fault of
Maryland entirely, perhaps not to any very great
extent; yet it was her misfortune. 1 spoke of the
propuety of the interposition of the Federal Gov-
ernment to prevent those invaders from usurping
the civil authoiityin Maryland, whcthcrthey had
arms in their hands or whether they had thrown
down their arms for the time being and disguised
themselves in the clothing of citizens for the pur-
pose of securing the privilege of voting in Mary-
land. That is all that the Government has at-
tempted to do. It has done it with a greater or
less degree of success in Maryland and in other
places; and I think the Government ought to do
so. What difference would it be whether this
Republic is to be overturned by the votes of men
who refuse to take an oath of allegiance, or by
arms in the hands of those men ? In the very dis-
tiict of countiy to which the Senator refers, down
the Potomac here, it is known to the whole coun-
tiy that perhaps a majoiity of those people, at
least until a very recent period, have been in open
sympathy with the rebels; and the military au-
thorities." the officers of the Army and thesoldiers
there, have, for the protection of the loyal people
of this part of Mai yland, required that those who
were supposed to be disloyal should purge them-
selves of that implication by swearing that they
would suppoit the Constitution of the United
States and the constitution of Maryland before
they should be permitted to vote. What great
harm in it unless it damages a man to purge him-
self from an implication} It is his misfortune,
perhaps, but it is the result of circumstances over
which this Government has no control. If a man
is so surrounded that his neighbors believe that
he is a disloyal man and is about to exercise the
piivilege of voting for the purpose of overturning
the Republic, and the Government interposes and
requires that he shall take an oath of this kind
and thus purge himself from this implication, who
is damaged? Certainly not Maryland. Doesshe
desire thatthe votes of rebels should be polled?
And when she has the manifest mabdity to pro-
tect heiseif in this regard, why should she com-
plain that the Federal Government comes to her
assistance'1
Mi. JOHNSON. Who says that Maryland is
unable to piotect herself' The Senator from Iowa
says so, but i do not think Ins evidence is eon-
elusive on that question. Now, as uwhe troubles
in the city of Baltimore, jn Apiil, IdGl, peihaps
there is no pai t of the State that lamented them
moie than the city itself; and I say now what I
believed then, that u was a sudden outbreak, not
nn-diiatud at all, confined to a v-ry few. Every
city has a combustible population, and whenever
any particular cau^o of cxctteuK-n; is started, a
few wicked men can get up a mob. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa forgot the mob that was in jNew
York only a few months ago, excited for the very
purpose of resisting a law of the United States?
Does he forget the cond uct of those who are charged
with disloyalty in Ohio, occurring before the late
election? Was there any interference with the
exeicise of the elective franchise in either of those
States, on the ground that for the time being they
were unable to protect themselves? Why, there
is not a city in the Union, there is hardly a State
in the Union that has not at times, owing to some
local excitement, been found for a moment impo-
tent to its own defense; but docs that extinguish
all its constitutional rights, and convert the Gov-
ernment of the United States into one consolidated
mass of power, authorizing them to interfere in
any way that they may think proper in order to
preseive what they think should be preserved—
the free exercise of the elective franchise? If they
can require the oath, they can dispense with the
election. If they can say who shall vote and who
shall be voted for, let them say at once who shall
be the representatives, or whether we shall have
any representatives. What I protest against is
the power. The practical operation of the exer-
cise of the power in any particular instance is not
so material; but the existence of the power is
fraught with evils that the tongue of no man who
is fond of constitutional freedom can adequately
^depict.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now have a
vote on this proposition. It is very important to
pass the bill to-day.
The PRESID1NG0FFICER, (Mr. Anthony.)
The question is on the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Clark,] which is, after the word " be" in
the seventh line, to insert11 procured in and;" so
that the clausc will read," which substitutes shall
be procured in and credited to that district."
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the oiiginal amendment offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Several Senators. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWE. I am very sorry to interfere with
the immediate vote on this amendment, which
seems to be desired by several Senators. 1 would
not interfere with it if I was at all sure that the
amendment would be rejected. I think, however,
it will not be rejected. I think it will be adopted,
and I am very sorry to believe so. I tried yes-
terday, upon the motion of the Senator from Or-
egon, [Mr. Nf.smith,] to abolish the commutation
clause. I tried, when that motion was pending,
to point out to the Senate the injustice of the op-
eration of that clause. I tried to show the Senate
that if substitutes could be had at the price fixed
fur commutation, no drafted'man was benefited
by the commutation, because he could go into the
maiket and piocure a substitute, and thus that
form of exemption would come to him just as easy
and just as cheap, and that the only condition
upon which the drafted man could getany benefit
from the commutation clause was thatemergency
or that occasion when substitutes could not be
obtained at the price fixed for commutation; and
I tried to show, therefore, that this was unjust as
between man and man. that it was an cdict of the
national legislature saying to a man," If you have
not got $300, or $400, whatever the sum may be,
with which to buy your exemption from this per-
sonal service, you must go into the ranks and
serve, no matter what your labor may be worth,
no matter what the sacrifice may be to you, no
matter what the discomfort, no matter what is
I considered the market value of this service which
| the act imposes upon you, no matter although you
I cannot get a man to take your place at home tor
| an hour; you have not got so much ready easdi to
| buy your exemption; you must go into the ranks
[] and serve." At the same time u says to another
! | man," If you have this amount of ready cash, $300,
:! or as it now stands, $400, you may pay it to the
I1 Government and may be exempt, although the
! Government may not be able to procure a man
to perform the service that they need of you for
$1,000 or for $2,000.
1 thought u was unjust to the poor man, and I
: do not Lke to vote for an injustice anywheie or
under any eiicumstanees. I do not Anew, how-
: ever, but that 1 could have voted for even this
!j wrong, but for what has occurred here. I desire
;; to stand by the Government. I desire to admin-
