1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i20i
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman states he
knows it, that is sufficient.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I cannot be certain
ofthu fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think it
would be well for the Cicrk whenever leave of ab-
sence is granted to make a separate memorandum.
I propose that by unanimous consent an order to
that effect be made.
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk states
that he will follow the suggestion ofthe gentleman
from Illinois hereafter.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. White told me that
he had leave of absence from the House.
The SPEAKER. That is sufficient.
Joseph W. White. Absent on leave.
A. Carter Wilder. No excuse offered.
Benjamin" Wood.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Mr. Wood has been
so constantly in his seat that I think he ought to
be excused. [Laughter.]
Mr. GANSON. I understand he is absent by
the force of habit. [Laughter.]
Mr. CHANLER. He is detained at home by
sickness. I move that he be excused on that
ground.
The question was put, and the negative vote
seemed to prevail.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the House that it is always usual to excuse a
member who is absent on account of sickness.
Mr. GARFIELD. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chanler] state that his colleague
is absent in consequence of sickness?
Mr. CHANLER. I stated it in so many
words.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state fur-
ther that he has received a note to-day from Mr.
Wood himself, saying that he is absent on ac-
count of sickness.
Mr. Benjamin Wood was excused.
Fernando Wood.
Mr. CIIANLER. I have the same motion to
make in regard to him. I am informed by him-
self that he is detained from the House by sick-
ness. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Frederick E. Woodbridge.
Mr. BAXTER, 1 ask that, Mr. Woodrritigr
be excused. Last night he received by mail a
letter from the Lieutenant Governor of Vermont
asking him to go to Fortress Monroe to see Gen-
eral Butler, and if possible get ins son ftom the
Libby prison, where he now is in a very low
state. I qpove that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
The call being completed,
Mr. STEVENS. I move that warrants of ar-
rest for ail the unexcusud absentees be now is-
sued, and that they be brought to the bar of the
House.
Mr. BAILY". Before that motion be put I ask
that my colleague [Mr. Strouse] be excused, he
being absent for the same reason for which my
other colleagues have been excused.
The SPEAKER. That motion can only be
received by unanimous consent.
Mr. HiGBY. I object.
The objection was afterwards withdrawn, but
was renewed by another member.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] be ex-
cused. He had stepped out accidentally when
the doors closed.
Objection was made.
Mr. CRAVENS. I ask leave to move that the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Boyd] be excused.
He is m the lobby, and has been for half an hour.
Objection was made.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask that the House
will entei tain amotion to cxcuse my colleague
Mr. Hubbard.
Mr. KNAPP. I object.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I will say
to the gentleman that I have voted to excuse every
member on that side. [Laughter.]
Mr. KNAPP. Then I do not object. [Laugh-
tei\]
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. BROOKS called for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Stevens's motion.
The yeas and nays were not oidercd.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken by division; and the
Speaker announced that the noes had it.
During the count,
Mr. STEVENS said: I make the point of order
that the gentlemen from Ohio and Connecticut
[Messrs. Spalding and Hubbard] shall not be
counted in the vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not count
gentlemen who are reported as absent. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will suspend a moment till the Chair signs a war-
rant of arrest. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to waive process.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. FRANK. I understand that my colleague,
Mr. Marvin, has been called home on account
of illness in his family. I move that he be ex-
cused.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Marvin
was accordingly excused.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr. Speak -
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot recognize
a member who is reported as absent.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say that my
colleague, iMr. Morris, was called from the House
by a message requesting him to attend to receiv-
ing the property of a disabled officer in this city,
and left the House for that purpose. I move that
he be excused.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Morris,
of Ohio, was accordingly excused.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to say that Mr.
Scott is at home in Missouri, and has, I believe,
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
one ofthe clei ks that they have no recollection of
the gentleman fiom Missoun having received leave
of absence.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move that all further
proceedings und'-r the call be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SWEAT. I uwieistand that the gentle-
man from New Hampshire [Mr. Pattlrson] is
sick. I move that he be excused.
The SPEAKER. That motion has been stated
to the House twice already.
Mr. WINFIELD. Th^gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Thayer] has been an unusually
attentive member of the House. I know that he
has been quite unwell for several days past, and
I have no doubt that he is absent now in conse-
quence of indisposition.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object.
Mr, WJNF1ELD. I state it as a fact known
to myjjclf that Mr. Thayer has been indisposed.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman from New
York says that he knows that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tii\yf,r1 is absent on
account of indisposition I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. WINFIELD. I am not sufficiently cog-
nizant of the facts to pledge my word that he is
sick.
Mr. GARFIELD. And I am not sufficiently
cogmzant of the fact to withdraw my objection.
The objection was subsequently withdrawn,
and Mr. Thayer was excused.
Mr. PIKE, I ask unanimous consent to ex-
cuse my colleague, Mr. Rice. He is a very
pleasant gentleman, and 1 know he would be
very glad to come in.
Mr. STEVENS. I think these gentlemen had
better enter into bonds and be escorted gallantly
into the House bvthe Sergeant-at-Arms. I object.
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to say that every
other gentleman from Pennsylvania who is absent
attending the State convention in that State, ex-
cept Mr. Strouse, has been excused. Now, sir,
I see no reason why this discrimination should be
made, even if the excuse in the first place was not
a sufficient one. I hope, theiefoie, that Mr.
Strouse will be excused.
At this point the Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at
the bar of the House, presenting under aircst
A. Carter Wilder, H. Winter Davis, and
Semtronius H. Boyd.
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to the question of
order, that there is no order in the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and hopes the House will preserve "order.
Mr. STEVENS;. . I-hope the House will pro-
ceed to amiign the .members at the bar of the
House.
The SPEAKER. A. Carter Wilder, yqxjl
are under arrest for having been absent from tHe
House without its leave and against its order.
What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. WILDER. I have been absent in conse-
quence of sickness in my family.
Mr. CRAVENS. 1 move the gentleman be
excused.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by adding
<con payment of fees."
Mr. CRAVENS. I accept that amendment.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to; and
Mr. Wilder was accordingly excused.
The SPEAKER. Henry Winter Davis, you
have been arrested for being absent from the
House without its leave and against its order.
What excuse have you to present?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Peccavi, sir.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the gentleman
be released from arrest upon payment of fees and
a fine of one shilling.
Mr. KNAPP. I move to amend by making
the fine two shillings.
Mr. PRUYN. I rise to a question of order.
That is not American currency.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
the question of order.
Mr. CRAVENS. I did not understand the
reason the gentleman gave.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman said u pec-
cavi," which the Chair supposes to mean thathe
pleads guilty.
Mr. BROOKS. A shilling in my State is
twelve and a half cents, but in New England
where I was boin it is one sixth of a dollar, and
it is that, I believe, in other portions of the coun-
try. How is the exact amount of the fine to be
ascertained ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will have to
settle that with the Sergeant-at-Arms.
A Member. It means an English shilling.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If it means an
English shilling, docs it include exchange?
The SPEAKER. No. It must be paid in law-
ful money, according to the bill of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
The amendment submitted by Mr. Knapp was
agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was agreed to; and
Mr. Davis was thereupon released from arrest.
The SPEAKER. Sempronius H. Boyd, you
have been arrested for having been absent without
leave, and against the orderof the House. What
excuse have you to present?
Mr. BOYD. I was absent, sir, attending to
the business of the people of the county of Doug-
las, State of Missouri, at the Post Office Depart-
ment. They sent me a petition with seventy-five
names to it asking to have a post office established,
and I went to attend to that business.
Mr, STEVENS. I move the same fine of a
shilling and the payment of fees, and that the
gentleman be released from arrest.
The motion was agreed to.
The Sergeant-at-Arms reported that he had ar-
rested in their seats Rufus Spalding and J. H.
Hubbard.
The SPEAKER.. Bring them to the barof the
House.
The Sergeaxt-at-Aiims. They refuse to come
to the bar of the House.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House is
that the Sergeant-at-Arms take into custody and
bring to the bar of the House such members as
are now absent without the leave of the House,
The gentleman from Ohio and the gentleman from
Connecticut have failed upon two calls to answer
to their names, and are therefore properly subject
to arrest. The Chair can only instruct the Ser-
ge.'ini-at-Arms to obey the order of the House.
The Sergeant-at-Arms presented Mr. J. H. Hub-
bard at the barof the House, who was thereupon
arraigned by the Speaker for being absent with-
out leave. .
Mr. HUBBARD, ofConnocticut. Mr. Speaker,
I have this cxcuse to offer. I have stated it al-
