246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
ister by my votes here on all occasions to the ne-
cessities of the Republic. I am not disposed to
be difficult; I am not disposed to be squeamish.
Give me anything a little more respectable than
petty larceny, and i will go for it. I donotmean
to hesitate. Give it to me without the confession
that it is larceny, and I do not know but that I
could go even for this wrong. There is not a
fiber in me but thrills with indignation—I am
obliged to say it—when I look at this feature;
but if the Senate would be still, if the Senate would
not confess that it was an outrage, that it was a
wrong, I do not know but that 1 could vote for
it; and when they sat still yesterday, and neither
said that this was just nor unjust, I had not really
made up my mind that I would not take the dose,
bitter as I knew it would taste to me; lmt when
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Lane] got up here
as if he was the genius of a sovereign State him-
self; when he held up the indignation of a million
and a half of people in his two hands; when he
did not stop to say simply that this is a wrong
upon the man who has not got the money, and an
unworthy privilege granted to the man who has;
when he did not stop to speak in behalf of the
pauper who has nobody to speak for him, but
stood up here to speak in behalf of a State 
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow me a*
moment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. I want to ask the Senator ifl
understood him to say that this commutation was
a wrong to the man who had not the money. 1
think I understood him so, and it is the first time
I have heard that charge in the Senate. I heard
it said last summer in the country; but our whole
argument has been precisely the contrary—that
the clause is inserted to help the Government be-
cause it eases the people; that it is for the benefit,
of the poorer classes.
Mr. HOWE. I said most distinctly that the
commutation clause was a wrong to the man who
has not got the money to comply with if. I have
said twice before, and I repeat it, that every man
owes his seivice to the Government if the Gov-
ernment needs it. No man has a right to com-
plain because his neighbor is not compelled into
the ranks, although he may he drafted, if he puts
a good man there in his place; and when you al-
low that privilege to the diafted man, you allow
him all he needs, because he can bargain with the
man with whom he can bargain cheapest, and the
Government is not injured; the man who has not the
means to bargain is not injured, because another
man is put by his side, and ^ives lnm the same,
support that his drafted neighbor would give if ho
went himself. Therefore I say the commutation
clause is wrong. I said, however, that [ did not
know but that 1 could have gone for the measure if
it were notfortheconfession which,itseemsto me,
this amendment makes of the wrong that is to b'1
done. For when the Senator from Indiana ar-
raigned the Senate for intending or attempting to
puss a law which would enable Pennsylvania to
commute for $300 ahead for the volunteers which
she had put into the field; when he said that was
a wrong done to Indiana,and not toa man; when
ho said that a volunteer who went from Indiana
should have a soldier from Pennsylvania and
Aom each other State to make it equal between
State and Slate, everybody confessed it; Senatoi s
here, half a dozen of them, gathered together in
convention to see if it were really so, that the law
as it stood would enable Pennsylvania or any other
State to relieve herself of any portion of the bur-
den by paying money when Indiana and other
States fit i rushed men. They found it did; that cash
was leceived from one State as a compensation,
as an equivalent for soldiers from others. The
purpose of this amendment is to remedy that, to
make it equal between State and State, to prevent
any injustice being done as between one State and
another. Now, if cash be the equivalent of ser-
vice; if $400 is as good as a soldier, then, when
Pennsylvania pays $400, she does as much for the
Government as Indiana does when she furnishes
a soldier; but it is becausc you confess that it is
not the equivalent of the soldier, that you want
to make this thing equal between one State and
another by this amendment. If it is wrong be-
tween one State and another, that can be remedied
by this amendment; but the wrong still exists be-
tween man and man, and the wrong is confessed
by the making of this amendment. Withdraw
this, vote it down, keep still, do not confess the
wrong, and 1 will try and go for the bill; but
place "it upon the bill, and I will notgo for it. It
is enough to ask me to go for a wrong that is not
confessed, it is a little too much to ask me to
confess the wrong and still embrace it.
Mr. GRIMES. I have one more amendment
to propose to the amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire. I move to insert the word
" white" before the word " substitutes," so that
it shall read, " for the procuration of white sub-
stitutes."
Mr. WILSON. I hope there will not be any
" white" or " black" put into this bill. There
is nothing of that kind there now, and I hope we
shall keep it out. There is no need of it. It will
not do any good in the world. If any Senator is
worried about Massachusetts, if he will only
leave her out, and not let her get soldiers any-
where, I am willing; but I must confess that I do
not want to put " slave" or " free," " black" or
" white" into this enrollment act.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have not said
a word about Massachusetts to-day. I have a
very great affection for Massachusetts, and es-
pecially for her Senators. I am willing that Mas-
sachusetts or any other State may go down into the
rebel States and recruit white men, but I want the
negroes to remain there for the United States to re-
cruit them. I want to be interestedin them myself
as one of the constituent portions of this Govern-
ment. I want them to be recruited by the United
States and put under the patronage and protection
of the Federal Government; and I do not want
any State, my State or any other, to be permitted
to go down into Louisiana and there pick up ne-
groes and take exclusive jurisdiction of them and
claim them as part of her quota and have her re-
sponsible for them to the exclusion of other States.
I will state again that another purpose which 1
have is really this: I want to stimulate the Gov-
ernment to recruit colored men into the Army. I
think, as I said the other day, that we ought to
have had, and might have had two hundred thou-
sand of them in the field to-day, so that there
would not have been any necessity for this draft.
Whenever we do that, there will not be any call
upon my State, or Massachusetts, or Rhode
Island, or Connecticut, or any other State, for a
second quota. Why on earth cannot the Federal
Government recruit these colored people as well
as a State, if they will do it? I want the benefit
of it to all the States in proportion to the Federal
population.
Mr. CLARK. I have one word to say in re-
gard to what has fallen from the Senator from
Iowa in reference to stimulating the Government
He wants to stimulate the Govcrnmentto recruit
the black soldiers. What stimulation will it be
then to put the word " white" in this section; to
say in this bill, " You shall not recruit anybody
but white men." Docs that stimulate the Gov-
ernment' Is itnotsaying by implication, "Wo
do not want the black man; you may recruit no-
body but white men, and you shall not have a
black man here?" I do not want any distinction
of that kind.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, we are not ar-
guing special demurrers here, i want to stimu-
late the Government to rceruit colored men for the
United States Government, for the benefit of the
Federal nation, for the benefit of my own State,
as well as othcrStates, and not stimulate the State
of New Hampshire or any other State to 
Mr. HOWE. Steal them.
Mr. GRIMES. No, I will not use that phrase.
I do not want to stimulate any particular con-
gressional district or State to recruit them for the
purpose of filling out her quota, and thus deprive
me of any advantages that might inure to me and
my constituents, if the Government was stimu-
lated to iccruit them for the United States. That
is the difference.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to know if the Senator
is opposed to the States of Delaware, Maryland,
West Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri sending
their colored men into the field as part of their
quotas. I cannot see any reason for putting in
the word " white" here. The effect will be pre-
cisely what I have just indicated. The State of
Maryland cannot go on and enlist her black men
and fill her quota with them. I see no reason
why she should not be allowed to do so.
As to the few colored regiments that have been
raised in the country, some of them were raised
in the West. I believe Kansas commenced the
work, and she raised a very large portion of them
in the State of Missouri. We have raised but
two colored regiments in all New England, and
they were raised in Massachusetts. 1 believe in
Pennsylvania they are raising two or three regi-
ments there.
I see no reason why we should make any dis-
tinction, or why we should putthe word " black"
or the word "white" into this enrollment act.
The act of last year provided for the enrollment
of persons without distinction of color; and the
Administration decided that the enrollment only
applied to citizens and to free colored men, and
did not extend to slaves; and they have enrolled
the free colored men all over the country. Why,
then, should they not go to make a part of the
quota of the State in which they live? It appears
to me that we are spending all this day on a mat-
ter that is of no earthly account. I do hope the^
Senator from Iowa will not press the insertion of
the word "white" in this bill. I do not want the
word " white" or " black" in a bill of this kind.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Did the Sen-
ator from Iowa ask for the yeas and nays on his
amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Iowa proposes to amend the amendment of
the Senator from New Hampshire, by inserting
the word "white" before the word "substitutes,"
in theseventh line. Thequestion is on thisamend-
ment to the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Davis, Doolittle, Gtimes,
Hardin?, Ilenclncks, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nesmitli,
Powell, Ramsey, Salisbury, Sherman, and Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Drown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Har-
lan, Haius, Ilnndeibon, Ilowaid, Johnson, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sumner. TenEyck, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, YVadc, Wilkinson, Willcy, and Wilson
—
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment proposed by Mr. Clark.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
amendment, by adding to it this proviso:
Pioviderf, That colored troops enlisted and mustered into
the seivicM* of the United States shall be credited upon th«
quota of the State within which they are enlisted, and not
upon the quota of any other State.
If they enlist them in Kentucky they ought to
be credited to Kentucky.
Mr. DAYIS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin to insert the word " from," so
as to read " within which and from which they
arc enlisted."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I accept that modification.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know precisely the
effect of the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin. If it means that although we organize
and enroll these men in our States the States from
which they originally came are to be credited with
them, I am opposed to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I did not give much at-
tention to the effect of the amendment suggested
by the Senator from Kentucky, and I will not
accept it as part of my amendment. I prefer to
take a vote on the amendment as I introduced it.
Mr. POMEROY. In the State where I reside
i none of our people have been there very long,
J white or black. We were from Massachusetts
i and other States. Some men enlist in ourregi-
j mentswhen they have not been there a fortnight,
| some perhaps not a week; but we do not propose
to give other States the credit of them. We have
! got two or three regiments of colored troops, the
| men for which principally came to us from Mis-
! souriand Arkansas and other States. They came
to our State to live, to remain, and because they
wanted to come. They came there from the same
motives that I went there, I suppose. They are
a part of our people; we have enlisted them; they
are our troops. I do not propose to give credit
for them to any other State.
Mr. DAYIS. I move to strike out the words
" within which" in the amendment, and in lieu
thereof to substitute the words "of which they
are legal residents."
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt whether the amend-
ment is in Older at this stage. This is an amend-
