1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pointment of a naval commission by the Secre-
tary of the Navy, to be composed, as I now rec-
ollect, of one civilian, one Navy officer, and one
Army officer, whose duty itshould be, after mak-
ing proper investigations, to determine upon a
site, their decision to be final.
Now I take it for granted that this House will
prefer to hold the power in its own hands, and
not to abdicate its authority in favor of any com-
mission. The whole question came up in the
Senate in regard to the proper course to be pur-
sued, whether a commission should be appointed
by the Secretary of the Navy, or whether Con-
gress itself should determine upon the locality,
and that is the only question before the House,
for I do not believe theic can be any doubt that
wo must have a naval depot somewhere on the
Mississippi river; and taking that for granted, I
cannotconceive there can be any doubt that Cairo,
or some point in its neighborhood, is the only
suitable point there can be for its location. There
is always water enough for ordinary-sized boats
there. There is never ice to interfere with the
operations. Cairo and Mound City are both
healthy, and I believe there is no'rcasonable ob-
jection to its location at that point.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
fioin Illinois whether, if this bill passes, there is
any possibility of the location of this naval de-
pot at Mound City?
Mr. WASH BURNS, of Illinois. The bill
says "at or near Cairo."
Mr. WILSON. I think it says "at Cairo."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. « At or
near Cairo" is the language of the bill. I ask
the Ciei k to read it.
The Clerk read from the bill.
Mr. WASflBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman if he is not satisfied that 1 am light.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will permit
me to answer his question I will say that I am
aware of the fan of there being a heavy lobby
influence al woik in both Houses to secure the
passage of this bill, in order that the location
may be fixed at Cairo; and that if the bill must
pa^s it is a foregone conclusion that Cairo is the
point at which it will be fixed. 1 know thai
those who me best acquainted v. ith the locality
of Cairo dechue that it is entirely unfit for die
establishment of a naval depot, and thirefote I
desire the appointment of a commission.
I ask the gentleman, before he attempts to put
this bill through under the previous question, to
allow a fur opportunity for the discussion of the
merits of the question involved.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentic-
man has made a char sre m regaul to the lobby.
I to a^k him who (he lobby are and what
niK'sotes they have taken to foice this bill for
CjiK'o thtou^h Congress. Let him give us the
• name y of tin: 1 >hby membeis.
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to give nny
name** to the gentleman from llhnois. 1 propose
to me>jt him exactly as he lias met other ques-
"mV.WASIIBURXE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has charged that there is a very heavy lobby
to <xet the naval depot located at Can o. lie says
he knows the fact. I ask him to give us the names
of some of the puitie« who aie h're lobbymg.
Mr. WILSON. I Jo netpiopnse to do any
su< I' thnijj.
Mr. WASKBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
gnitii'intn had no r:ght'o make such a statement.
Mr. WILSON. lam doing exactly what the
genth man has done on other occasions.
Mi. ELDR.IDGE. I rtse to a point of oider,
I ifis'st that it is not m order for two gentlemen
to talk ot the e-ame time.
The. SPEAKER. Tno Chsirsustains the point
o! order.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, The gentle-
man from Iowa has failed to make good the charge
whi-.h he has made here before the House. He
says chat he has only done the same as I have
done on other occasions. Sir, I have made no
chatges upon any bill which I have not been pre-
pared to meet. When I make charges and I em
called upon to stand up to them I never take the'
backtrack. I do not say my mend does.
Mi. WILSON. I do not do so euhn.
Mi\ WASLIBITRNE, of Illinois. 1 d< sire to
say that I oiler"'! .tie"1 amendment to the bill m-
ti'\!no«d by ! he U"}.th-umn i.nm
for the reason that my colleague, [Mr. W. J.
Allen,] in whose district Caiio is, and who,
therefore, feels a 'deeper interest in the matter
than I do, was absent. I will yield now to my
colleague.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. It was not my purpose
to have said a single word upon this question,
deep as is the interest I feel in its decision by this
House. That the House should be informed as to
the character of the entire question, at an early
period of the session I took the trouble to have
laid upon the desk of every member a memorial
in regard to this matter, and evidence as to Cairo
being tiie proper location for a depot and navy-
yard. With this I expected to be content and
bow submissively to any conclusion the House
might reach. Remarks have been made, how-
ever, by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson]
and others that would seem to require a passing
notice from me. I represent the district where
!> this depot is proposed to be located. I under-
jj stood the gentleman from Iowa to say that there
i: had been a very heavy lobby interestat wotk for
, the purpose of passing this hill. Now, if that is
11 the fact, I deshe t<> state that it is wholly un-
known to me. I think I know almost every
prominent citizen in Cairo. I live within fifty
miles of the place, and I do not think there have
been half a dozen citizens of Cairo in Washing-
ton during^he present session. If any one had
been here lobbying in regard to this matter 1
rather think they would have approached me upon
the subject. If any one has approached the gen-
tleman and attempted to influence his action, or
has approached any member of the House for
that purpose, 1 should like to know the names of
the persons who have done it.
I understand him to say that Cairo is not the
proper place for the location of a depot of this
character. Thot may be his opinion,but I hope
such opinion will not he binding upon this House.
All 1 have to say to the gentleman is that m ex-
pressing that opinion he comes m direct conflict
with Commodore Foote, and very many other
gentlemen who are perfectly familiar with the lo-
cation of Cairo, and all the facilities at that point
uev..essaiy to carry on successfully a navy-yard
depot. I have the wiitten opinion of Commodore
Foote and of nt he naval officers based upon their
actual know ledge, as well us upon surveys made,
which refute any such judgment as that pro-
nounced by the gentleman from Iowa. 1 heard
it remarked in the Senate the oiherday thatover-
flows of theOhio river could riot be prevented m,
at, or near Cairo, and some gentlemen heie are
reechoing the statement. Now, I desire to say
that that is quite a mistake. Since the present
Jl levee, including fifteen hundred aciesof land, was
!' constructed it has never been overflowed. Atone
j! time there was a hre< k in the levee where it was
]| not protected, but this was soon repaired, and
jl Cairo is as safe from overflow to-day as if the
lj hanks of the two rivers were forty feet higher,
ij The floods of 1844 and 1849 ought to have tested
ji satisfactorily the quesiion as to the sufficiency of
: that levee. At each of those floods the levee re-
si mained unimpaired; and the rapidity with which
i i capital is seeking an investment at that point, the
[; vast improvements whicn every day develops there
j; in buildings and nuMiio^ of evf ry description,
l[ show that ti\" pubhchave.s'o/ne confidence m Cairo,
j| even if the lionoiaole gentleman from Iowa has
i! none.
]: Mr. WASliBURNE, of Illinois. Will my
i! cdlet'Hie yield to me ?
j| Mr.'W.'j. ALLEN. Or'umly.
Jl Mr. WASIiiUiRNE, of Illinois. My friend
'' from New York ;-aysthat he understand ; it over-
I flows dunn'r the yeai—that for a large portion
|! of the \'( ar it is under ua'ei
jj Mr.'W. J. ALLEN. What friend is that? I
' should like to huve h's explicit statement.
!; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
jj the gentleman from New Yoik wants the truth
|! in regard to tins matter.
j| Mr. DAVIS, of Now York. I said that I had
j' known of the Mississippi c. lowing the lands at
i Cairo. I have not known that fact within the
■; last two years, but I have known it in years gone
j by. 1 have known it within the lust eight years,
j; not from personal observation, but fiom those
\] who bought hind there, that they had to take a
ii boat and a Ions: pole to find those lands. [Laugh-
<; ,*rl
I will say*that I have had some little personal
experience with the Mississippi river. I once
bought a farm of one hundred and forty^five
acres, lying upon the banks of the Mississippi
river, it was a beautiful farm, nice location, but
the next time I went to see it it was fourteen" feet
under water. And I went back to Chicago to
find the man who screws up whole blocks in that
city to know whether I could not make a con-
tract to have my farm screwed up. [Laughter.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire to say that I have re-
sided on these rivers and have known the Ohio
river to fall forty-five feet. All the lands adjacent
to the table lands were inundated, but I take it
that did not destroy the value of most of the fine
town sites.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I desire to say to the
gentleman from New York, if he will allow me,
that there is no question but what the land at
Cairo Hooded before the levee was constructed.
There is no sort of doubt about that, else there
would have been no use of a levee; but I hardly
think my friend will have the temerity to ssay
that it has been overflowed since the levee was
built. If he were to hazard that statement it
would be reckless, to say the least of it. That
the Mississippi overflows at many places, and
that the gentleman's fine farm was inundated, I
am ready to believe; but that has nothing to do
with the question we are considering. There are
other gentlemen upon this floor who are so mueh
more familiar with the facts of the case—I do not
include myself—than the gentleman from New
York, that I hope for his own sake he will not re-
peat the statements he so unadvisedly indulged
in a few moments since. 1 repeat, whatever the
gentleman has to say in respect to the Missis-
sippi river I have nothing to reply. I suppose,
as I before remarked, that it does overflow m
many places. But the point where itisproposed
to locate this naval station is about two and a
half miles up the Ohio liver, whore it seldom
b overflows without there being any protection af-
jj folded by a levee. There may have been in-
stances of overflow, but I think the j' have rarely
occuired. When it is remembered that the pro-
posed site of the navy-yard is about thirty-live
feet above ordinary low water, and about seven
below extreme high water, as detertermmed by a
competent and careful engineer, the fears aflhet-
iug gentlemen so seriously from overflow will, I
hope, be allayed. Gentlemen talk about the cost,
at this time of national trouble.
I will remark upon this point that the Cairo
City Company oilers the Government forty acres
of land, if that quantity should bo necessary, at
a place having abundance of water, with ample
anchorage to float the largest vessels, only two
miles and a half from the city of Cairo on the
Ohio river, not the Mississippi. That company
also owns the river front for four miles up the Mis-
sissippi and four miles up the Ohio, and it gives
the Government the tight to select any place
deemed most ad vantagcous upon either river, and
as much land wherever the selection is made as
| may be necessary for this naval yard and depot.
] Mr. DAVIS, of New York. What has been
; the average rise of the Mississippi at Cairo?
' What has been the highest flood there?
| Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I cannot answer the
I first question with certainty: indeed, a feeling of
' trepidation comes over me by the sad attempt
I made by the gentleman himself a short time ajjo.
In regard to the second, I have just stated that the
■ site indicated on this chart [holding it up] forth**
navy-yatd, two and a half miles above the con-
fluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, is
seven feet below extreme high-water mark.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Is it between five
and six feet?
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I cannot pretend to say
that, or be more prccise than i have, unless I
follow the example set me by the gentleman, and
I have a repugnance to doing that.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I wish to cor-
roborate the statement of my friend from Ohio
m regard to the Ohio river. I have seen the
same tiling.
Mr. FENTON. I understand there is a letter
from Admiral Porterin the possession of my friend
from Maine, which I hope will be read.
Mr, PIKE. When the gentleman from Illi-
nois closes his remarks i wish to &ay a word.
Mr. FENTON". Heve tins letter read.
