1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
March 26,
of history there was no actual grievance what-
ever. This is most vigorously and clearly pre-
sented by the following extract from a speech of
Alexander H. Stephens, delivered in the seces-
sion convention of Georgia, in January, 18G1:
"This step [of secession] once taken can never lie i(v
called; and all the baleful and withering consequence4-that
inu^t follow will ronton the convention for all coming time.
When we and our posterity s hall -see our lovely South des-
olated by the demon of war, which this actoj yours will inev-
itably invite and call forth, when our green fields of waving
harvest shall be trodden down by the muulerous soUUeiy
and fiery ear of war sweeping over our land, our temples of
justice laid in ashe?, all tlie horror* stud desolations ot war
upon UsJj who hut this conv-ention will be held responsible for
W! and who but him who shall have given las vote for this
unwise and ill-timed measure, as I honestly think and be-
lieve, shall be held to strict at count for this suicidal act by the
present generation, andpiobahly cwsed and execrated by pos-
terity for all coming time, for the wide and desolating rum
that will inevitably iollow tins act you now propose to pei~
pctratc. Pause, I entiuat vou." * * * * *
<k What light has the North assailed? What inteie.st of ili«'
South has been inv.uk <1? What justice ha* been denied,
ami what claim founded in justice and risjht has been with-
held? Can cither of you to-day name one governmental
act of wione delibeiately and puipo.-eiy done bj the Gov-
ernment at Wa-Iiington, of winch the .South ha* a right to
complain? 1 ehalk'ngoth«  an-wor " * * * *
"We have always had the conttol of the General Gov-
ernment. and can yet if we lemain in it, and arc a* united
as> we have been. Wc have had a majoiny oi the
dent> chosen from the South, a4! well a-: the eontiol and
managementof most of those chosen from the Noiih. We
have had saxty years othouthern Pre-idem* to their twenty-
four, thus controlling nu> I'xccutivy Dcpaitment. .So of
the judges of the Supieme Oomt, wc have had eighteen
from the South, and hut eleven trom the North; although
nearly four filths of the judlc ial business ha-- arisen In the
free States, yet a inajoniy of the (JoinI lia- always been
from the South, Tim we have icipttred, ?-<> as to u;ud
against any mteipietation of the Constitution untavoiahle
to tis. In like mnmn'i we have be<n> equ illv watehlul to
guard om intercity in the legi-lativv bianch of Government,
fn ehoo.-mg the piesuhn^ pn'sideu^ (/no tempo) <•) of the
Senate, we have had i w« niv loin to tin n eh vcn. Spi ukers
of the House we have had twenty-flnce and ihey twelve.
While tile iua|oilty of the Rcpie-entativi'-,) mm their gieatei
population, have always been hotnihe North, yet we have
s.0 gencnilly t-eeuied the Speaker, h« < ause he. to :i ^ic.iter
extent, shape-, and eontiol-. the legislation of ihe counti v."
* * * * 4  Aitornev Gencta^ we have had
fourteen, while the North have had but five. Imh ei u nun
isUiis we have had eighty-six, and they bin fifty four.'" *
* * * u Wo Ihive had tlie p> incipal cmb.bM^,
M) ns to secure tin- vv«uld\ in.uket1- fox win eotinu, iohac<-n,
nii(l sugar, on the be.-t po--al)Ie teniH. W'e have had avn-t
majority ol theitighci olhee-,)[ both Army and \'av\\ while
a laijjo piopornon of the -uldteis and miIois wete diawn
1'iOiu the Nouh.' Kqually * o ot cleik^, audit oi s, .uni ci >mp-
tlolier^, filling tin' Kxeetuive J)ep.ntment The nronh
show for the la-t lilty j e;ns that ol tlnee iIioumiuI thus en,
ployed, we have had moie than two thud- ol the same,
while we have but one thud '>{ the white population ol the
Republic"' * * * v '• A liaelmii o\et Ihiee
fourths 0! the icvemie collected loi the aippoi | oi' tiiM Jo\ -
eminent has ijmloimlybeen iniscdhoni the \oiih. I\uw>
now while you can. gentlemen, and '-ontempl ite e.uWnlly
and candidly these impotent itejnV * * v
{; Fot j on to attempt t>> ovci tinow Mich a Government as
tin*, uniiei which we have hv <1 foi more than rtu< equ.li-
ters of a eenluiy, in which wc have«:aincd out wealth, our
standing as a n.uum, our domestic s.ttetv. while the ele-
ment* o! pen! are mound us, with pcaee and u.mquilhiy
ae<'oin[):uii',d wiih unbounded prosjxjiiiy, and iiyhH uu as-
sailed, js the height of madness^ folli/, and irirl,edju'ss, to
which f can neither lend my sanction nor my vote."
Sir, this rebellion was a cold-blooded, premed-
itated, it)famous attempt of ambittour, desperate,
and wicked conspirators to destioy tho Union,
overthrow free government, establish a sectional
one over the southern poi lion of it, and t bus pie-
pale the way by European mttigues tor an ori.s-
tocratic or monarchic form on this land of (rec-
laming the Oon^fitutitni tjf tho countiy. T > make a point
ot icsi-tanee to the Government, to withdiaw trom it be-
cause a man hits been constitutionally elected, yttl? us in
the iwoii?. W e an plodij< d to main tain tlie; Const itul ion.
Many <d us have swotn to t,uj>poii it. Can we, tiiereioie,
for the jm re ele. turn o( a man to the Pie^idency, and tli.it,
too, in iieeoid.utee with the pie-cnlu'd fotm< oi the t.'un-
stifntm/i, make a point ol resist,nu'e to tho (Jovciiim"i!t
without becoming the breakers ot shat saetcd lristniment
om-' Ives, wumtiavv nuiscjve^ tioin it: Would we not be
in {he wjone? Whatever late is io h"t'ah thi-, countiy, let
it ntvi'r be I'inl to the ehaige ol the people of tiic rfouth
and especially to the people ol G Oiiria, tk-.l u-c veic untiue
io our national < n a«ciiunt<i. L''t Uh; t.uiU and the wiong
rc,st upon oitiei->. It ;d! oni hope"' ,ne to ii,; Halted, if the
Republic is to^j down, let us be fomul to the last moment
standing "it the deck, with the Constitution <■( the Unit'd
Stat< c wavm? over our Iks'uN. Let tin tanatics ol the
iVoriii bieak (.lie Coii-uuition if' siu-h is theu tell purpose.
Let ths rc-pon-ibibu l>e upon ifiein. I r-hall speak pn's-
ently mtae of then act-v, hut let imi the ^omli, let Us nor
hi* fh'' one-- fo comm.) tin- i^s10n We went into the
election wuli this people. Til" 'e-ul! was dilTeo ni hum
what wewi ii 'd ; but the election lias bi .mi < on-ntinion-
ali\ u'-id. W<i''W: to liiak' a point ol i e -1-tane<- to the
Go* ci 'oil. ni. an;' i'o out o Hie i men on that aeeonut. lite
m ">,•'/ r'jiJ,' l f> -,,r'ilr' nt/ /,0c >//(./• ?i.$/ u> —''jiivtii ,f
JllcTundi'f i7"' friCyhr/is firroi a th-i L.'gi'ilatu) is oj (roorgia}
dcliccrc-l Nuctmbi'f S 1, 1?JU.
dom. The man whom the loyal States tolerates,
sympathizes with, or fails to check this move-
ment, would in revolutionary times have been
denominated a traitor. The mart who halts in his
fidelity, who quibbles about this technicality or
that, who aids the rebels by dccrying the power
of the Government to suppress the rebellion and
by decrying its finances, should be ranked and
despised as an Arnold who would sell his coun-
try.
"But it is said by these sympathizers'with trea-
son that it is the fault of tiiis Administration and
its friends that this war exists; that it is an un-
holy war, and should -be stopped, and that Mr.
Buchanan's policy was one of peace and concili-
ation, while that of Mr. Lincoln has been one of
usurpation and tyranny.
While the answer to these allegations, full and
ample as it is, may be important to the future his-
torian, I will not slop to make it here, as the war
is upon us, and our present duties are to suppress
it and its cause. It is waged for the purpose of
dissolving this Government. It is enforced by vast
armies, which ate kept in the field by a military
despotism of the most relentless character. The
great question of the day is, not by what process
this condition of things has been icached, but how
to suppress the rebellion, how to beat back our
rebel foes, hosv to save our people from spolia-
tion and slaughter, our country from division, our
Government fioin overthrow—duties m whose
presence eveiy other political duty "hides its
diminished head." I have, Mr. Chairman, uni-
formly observed that the men who waste their
energies in discussing the past are the least will-
ing to meet the l esponsibilities of the present and
lise to the stature which it demands of all loyal
citizens.
Still, sit, I am not willing to let so much of that
pai t of the charge remain unanswered as fixes
upon the loyui JNoilh the iesponstbihty for this
war. Tiie imputation is wholly false. The slave-
holders weie (he aggressois. The v weie stimu-
lated to ihe heinous ei mm by hatied of the prog-
ie,;s of hee communities, by jealousies of their
rising- power, by envy of then- great superiority
m e\i ry art and pursuit of life, and of the higher
civihz uion which paid, intelligent, and free labor
has confeiied upon the fi ee State?, of the Union.
Doe, -j any one d< >ubt this ? J f so, let hi in read the
debates in Congress of the last fen yeni but expe-
etally flaring tlie sessions of IHolMiOaml J8GO-03
—debates to which I was compelled to listen, anil
which abounded in the. most malignant expt < s-
sions of bailed, scorn, contempt, and disloyalty,
plainly foiohhadowing the base revolut muai y
schemes then fairly enleied upon, and hurling de-
fiantly ut northern Representatives the vile and
untenable doedine of the right of secession. One
class of not thern membcis, I regret to say, en-
couraged these dee.huatious, sympathized with
their authors, and abetted their designs, believ-
ing that they saw in them the material of success-
ful political influence. But for this there would
hfive been no secession. Another class boldly
denounced the falsehoods, resented the insults,
and hurled back the threats of secession, declaring
that under no circumstances would they consent
to a reparation of these States, or peuintthe mere
lesnlt of an election to be made the pietext for
levolution. Sir, I firmly believe that had all the
northern members joined in these clear declara-
tions offuh lity to the Constitution and the Union,
and announced their detei initiation to maintain
the existing Government at ail hazai ds, the seces-
sion movi men?, would never have risen to formid-
able proportions, or given cause for sei mus alarm.
Hue eveiy when; over the South secession was
proclaimed to lie a peaceful letnedy for alleged
! grievances, and it was publicly and constantly
piochumed that any attempt to coerce the South
would be followed by a division in the North,
that blood would flow in northern stieets, and a
civil v/straniongourselves would render secession
safe, certain, and complete. It is too true that
many northern llepiesentatives m that ciitical
period misrepresented their constituencies, fear-
,j fully deceived the rebel leaders, and thus coveied
j| themselves with b guilt scarcely less deep and in-
!j famous than belongs to Jeff. Davis himself and
i! his tiaitorous cabinet.
i Wjnie this was the position of members on
I] this floor, what was the attitude of Mr. Buchanan
J and his administration? He cowered before the
storm. Floyd shared his confidence until he had
transferred a large portion of the arms to south-
ern arsenals, without interference, until arrested
in his treasonable attempt to remove the cannon
from Alleghany arsenal to pretended forts in
Louisiana, by the determined patriotism and
courage of my constituents at Pittsburg, and then
resigned because Mr. Buchanan retused to order
Major Anderson back from Fort Sumter to Moul-
trie,and thereby maintain the promise previously
given to South Carolina by Floyd, with Mr.
Buchanan's consent, " that the status of affairs
should not be disturbed in the harbor of Charles-
ton." Cobb remained in the Cabinet until by his
financial management the credit of the Govern-
ment was so low that money could scarcely be
borrowed at any rate even to pay the necessary
expenses of the Government, and in that time of
peace temporary loans could not be made except
at most exorbitant rates of interest. Thompson,
while holding a seat in the Cabinet, journeyed to
Worth Carolina to aid in switching the old Noith
State out of the Union, and continued to possess
himselfof Cabinet secrets to be transmitted south
for the benefit of rebels, until his sensitive honor
could not endure the alleged concealment from
him of Mr. Buchanan's tardy effort to provision
Fort Sumter. Meanwhile the President, trem-
bling with fear and overcome by the threats of
rebels, was dragooned first into a modification of
Ins last annual message so as openly to abandon
tlie doctrine of coercion, which greatly corrupted
northern opinion and contributed vastly to south-
ern acccptancc of the rebel progiamme; and then
for weeks, as if struck with paralysis, when it was
proposed to do anything m assertion of the right-
ful and inherent power of the Government to pre-
serve itself, this weak and timid old man per-
fotmed a lole which has covered his name with
infamy, and will forever load it with the nation's
contempt. Such is my estimate of the reputation
of James Buchanan, (once,l regiet to say, known
as "Pennsylvania's (avonte son,") as finally left
for thejudgment of posterity.
General Cass, in his expiessionsreferred to be-
fore, eired in one point. He miscalculated the
extent of the evil done by Mr. Buchanan, and
overestimated the influence of his imbecility and
treachery upon the loyal masses. Yet at the time,
so datlc and protentous were the clouds, so gen-
era! was public suspicion, so wide-spread and
powerful the conspiracy, that it seemed to be
hoping against hope to have any chceiful antici-
pations when looking into the dark and gloomy
future; and it is not surprising that his patriotic
heait was overwhelmed with giief. On every
hand the enemy was busy, the Government silent
and indifferent, bound hand and foot by its At-
torney General, who, narrowly paring down the
powei of the Govei nrnent In protect ilself, advised
the Picsulent " that the Union must utterly
perish at the moment when Congress shall arm
one part of the people against another for any
purpose beyond that of meiely protecting the
Generul Government in the exercise of its proper
constitutional functions." Such was the chosen
and deliberate plnaseology within which linked
the fallacious and destructive ci ior that our fatheis
had consliucted a Govern men t without power to
preserve itself or enforce its laws, to assert its
unquestioned and inherent rights, to suppress in-
sui rpction, and save its own existence from active
and aimed treason; and in my opinion, Mr. Chair-
man, to the enunciation of this legal opinion, more
i than any other cause, are we indebted for the open
outbreak of war. When, however, the overt act
was committed, the long-impending blow struck,
the dignity of the Government insulted, its rights
invaded, Us power defied, and the stai s and stupes
fired upon in Charleston harbor, the patriotism of
tin' people, long dormant, and by some supposed
| to be extinct, was electrified into life with the
I power ot a giant, their instincts stripped off the
I wictched sophistries of the ex-Attorney General,
; tlie hem t of the people burst into lire, burning
] with the sense of shame, injustice, and wrong
t which timid and faithless counsels had too low
j invited, and the cry of stern judgment upon the
j traitois rang throughout the'land. The'Umon,
! plotted against,and deem, d not worth preserving,
, or not capable of preservation, at once asserted
1 its supremacy over the national heart, and, safe
' from the intrigues of tile pliant and the expedi-
- cuts of the cowardly, it became a national divinity,
