248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
objection to it, and I am inclined to think that was
his intention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. To the form of this amend-
ment as drawn by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, on the question as to what is to be done with
the money that is raised in these various districts,
I have not given very careful attention. In con-
nection with another honorable Senator I spent
some little time this morning in endeavoring to'
draw a section which would make the disposition
of that money perfectly clear, and, perhaps, by
reading what I had drawn I may suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire some language or
form of expression which will make the first part
of his section clear on that subject as to the pur-
pose for which the money shall be employed. I
had drawn it in this form:
That unless the number of substitutes, within such time
after s-iiid dr.iftasthe Piesulenthhall de.si^nate, is procuied
to procure which commutation has he<jn paid by persons
ritafted within any district, theie shall bo another draft or
dralts Iroin time to time 111 &uch district as the President
shall designate, until its quota in filled ; <iml that the Seere-
taiy of War shall cause to be. kept an account ot the coin-
mutation money received Irom men drafted within each
district in paid State ; and any portion of *aid money which
may remain unexpended by hnn in the piocuration of sub-
stitute:* to fill the quota of Mich dutiict tdmll he-applied for
the procuration ot substitutes upon future calls in said dis-
trict.
If there is any ambiguity in the amendment as
it now stands before the Senate, as to the point
that the money is to be expended for the benefit of
the district where the money is paid, I wish the
Senator from New Hampshire would adopt some
form of expression to relieve it from all ambiguity.
Mr. CLARK. I think I can cure the ambi-
guity by adding these words at the close of the
section as now amended: " and the bounty, pay,
or expense of such enlistments," that is, enlist-
ments of coloied troops, " shall not be paid out
of said commutation fund."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tiie Chair thinks
ib is not in order.
Mr. CLA UK. It is only adding to the section
as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
otherwise.
Mr. CLARK. I submit, of course, to the rul-
ing of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will entertain the amendment.
Is there any objection ?
Mr. BIJCKA LEW. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no difficulty
in adding woids.
Mr. CLARK. I do not wish to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and I shall not;
but if the Chair will paidon me, I beg to surest
that my proposition is merely adding additional
words to the whole section as amended, to make tt
° The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
have no doubt that the amendment was in order
if the woids proposed to be. added did not vaiy
what has already been adopted by the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. The Ch air will pardon me for
asking whether it is entirely clear that these words
do vary the meaning of what has bt en adopted?
Do they not make the meaning of the other part
of the section explicit? Do they not merely make
the matter more clear?
Mr. HOWARD. Itstrikes me that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New Hampshire
changes entirely the meaning of the clause. The
clause, as it now stands, manifestly gives to a
State in which a colored man is recruited by the
use of the commutation money paid in a fiee State
a credit to which it is not entitled, which would
be a gross injustice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairhas no
doubt that it would be perfectly in order to add
other words which did not change the chaiacter
and meaning of the words already agreed to; but
if the proposed amendment does change or modify
them, or m any way alter the sense, you might
as well move to amend the amendment in the body
of it which has already been agreed upon. That
is the impression of the Chair.
Mr. CLARK. 1 shall not undertake, of course,
to argue the matter after the Chair has decided it.
Mi. DOOLJTTLE. I believe that it is in or-
der to move a substitute for the amendment as
amended ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I then move as a substi-
tute for the amendment as amended, the words
contained on that paper as it stands together with
the words now proposed to be added by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order to
strike out the words which the Senate have just
agreed to insert, provided the motion to strike out
includes other words with those which have been
inserted. The motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin is therefore in order to strike out all of the
section after the word " that,"and insert what he
proposes to insert.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I make that motion. It
brings us to the same result. I move to strike
out all of the section after the word "that," and
then to insert the section as it has"been amended,
together with the words which the Senator from
New Hampshire has proposed to add.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
proposed amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to amend the pendingamend-
ment by striking it all out after the word " that,"
and inserting in lieu of the words stricken out
what will now be read.
The Secretary read the words to be inserted,
as follows:
The commutation money paid by persons drafted in any
congressional district shall be applied by the War Depart-
ment for the procuration of substitutes, which substitutes
shall be credited for that distuct in filling its quota; and if
the quota of srteh dStrict shall nut then be full, a further
rhalt shall be made in said district according to the provis-
ions of this act and the art to which it is an amendment, and
like proceedings had until the quota ot such district Minll be
filled ; but this section shall not be con?trnod to nffect in
any way the commutation money paid under the eigh-
teenth section of this act: Provided, That colored troops en-
listed and musteied into the service of the United States
shall be credited upon the quota of the State within which
they are enlisted, and not upon the quota of an v other State;
and the bounty, pay, or expense ot said enlistments shall
not be paid out of said commutation fund.
Mr. WILSON. We have heard all mound of
a stiong desire to raise colored troops, and some
of the money that has already been obtained is
used by the War Department now in raising col-
ored troops, and this is to put tin end to it. I
confess I do not see the wisdom of this kind of
legislation. We are paying down in General But-
ler's department ten dollars as a bounty to colored
men. The Government rs paying it out of the
commutation money already paid in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They have other money
out of which to pay it.
Mr. WILSON. If they have, I shall not object.
The amendment to tins amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is on
the amendment as amended.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 24, noes 12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following as
an additional section:
.tfnrf be it ftnthcr enacted. That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and he hciebv is, authorized and dnected to
call for one bundled thousand v olunteers, to seive not ex-
ceeding one hundred days, to be u->ed exclusively in con-
nection with othei ttoops now in seivice, for the purpose
of di ivmjMhe tcbel armv liom the State of Virginia, and
luleasing the Union t-oldiers therein confined; the volun-
teets raised undri this provision to receive the same pay as
other volunteer soldiers now in the seivice, but not any
bounties.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this amendment will
not be pressed upon this bill. The bill is an
amendment of the enrollment act, and this is a
proposition which ought to stand by itself, and
not be connected with the bill. If the Senator
thinks it is better to raise men for one hundred
days let him offer a proposition of that kind by it-
self; but I beg Senators not to put it. upon this bill.
Mr. TRUMHULL. This is a bill for the pur-
pose of raising troops to put down the rebellion.
Now, sir, in my judgment, if the army of Lee's
in Virginia that has threatened this capital for two
ycais can bo overwhelmed and driven out of that
State the rebellion will be substantially put down.
I believe that one hundred thousand men added
to the forces we have in the field, with the zeal
and enthusiasm with which they would go into
the seivice, uniting with the old troops, the vet-
eran troops who have seen service for the last two
j or three years, would expel that army from Vir-
' ginia not only in one hundred days, but I believe
they would do it in thirty days after they had
united with the other forces.
As to obtaining the men I have no sort of doubt.
I received a letter from the State of Illinois this
morning from an officer, who states that a regi-
ment can be raised in a week which will arm and
clothe itself for this service. I believe you will
get the troops; I think you will accomplish the
object; and when that object is accomplished, in
my opinion the rebellion will be substantially
crushed. I think it is the most effective way to
raise and to accomplish the object we all have in
view. It is with that view I offer it. It seems
to me this is the very place to offer it, on a bill to
raise troops to crush this rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator expresses the
opinion that this is the place to put a measure of
this kind. I do not agree with him in that. I
think that if a proposition of this kind is to be
entertained it should stand by itself as a separate
measure; but I, for one, believe it is the wildest
kind of proposition that can be made, costly to
the Government, and of no value on earth. What,
sir,one hundred thousand men to drive the rebels
out of Virginia! Suppose you bring one hundred
thousand militia into the field and arm and equip
them at enormous expense, what will they be
worth when you come to launch them on veteran
armies? They will be of no account on earth.
It will bean enormous expenditure of the resources
of this country for no purpose on earth.
I hope this proposition will not be pressed upon
this bill, which I have endeavored to keep entirely
as a bill proposing amendments to the enrollment
act. We shall have some other military bills
here within a day or two to which it may more
appropriately be offered; but I think a measure of
this kind, to raise one hundred thousand mihtia
or volunteers at this time for one hundred days,
should stand by itself, and let us vote upon it by
itself.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Illinois
would increase the number to three hundred
thousand.
Several Sbntatoiis. Make it a million.
Mr. TIOWE. TheGovernmentissupplied with
any quantity of arms, as I am informed. The
Senator from Massachusetts thinks these men can-
not be raised, and thinks they would be useless
ifthtiy were raised. lam impressed with the be-
lief that he is mistaken upon both points. I in-
troduced a proposition here the other day, which
some of my friends have—I suppose intending to
Hatter my judgment at the expense of my sinceiity
—professed to think was intended as a joke. I
never was more sincere in a proposition in my
life. T believe the men would come, come at once,
and 1 believe they would dogood work when they
did come; and if the Government will consent to
arm the people of the loyal States, 1 believe you
can put an army on every road that leads into Vir-
ginia within ninety days as large as that which
defends the direct road to Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend if he thinks we could put one on the road
south of Richmond?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How are you going to get
them there?
Mr. HOWE. Through North Carolina very
easily, by way of Goldsborough.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend another question, whether he can give us
any assurance that while we are raising these one
hundred thousand men the prisoners will be kept
at Richmond, retained there until our men get
there to take them ?
Mr. HOWE. They might not wait for the
execution of a proposition of that kind; and if
they would retire before a threat, is it not worth
something to the Government that they should
retire ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the prisoners them-
selves, would they not be sent oiF to some other
place ?
Mi. HOWE. Let me say to the Senator from
Maine that if they will be content to send thepiis-
oners further South and to lemain there them-
selves, we shall be abundantl y able to make repri-
sals to indemnify the peojde of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would not release
the prisoners.
Mr. HOWE. The honorable Senator admits
that the proposition to arm these people would
amount to something. If it would not secure the
witluhawai of that body of men who call them-
