2270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
from the commencement of the session, and not
to allow it from the commencement of the Con-
gross on the 4th of March. The committee thought
the rule adopted prior to the time a salary was
paid a very good one to follow, and that under
the circumstances the amount which this resolu-
tion would involve would perhaps be a sufficient
compensation. They do not desire to encourage
contests upon frivolous grounds for the purpose
of enabling the contestant to make a profitable
speculation out of it. The majority of the com-
mittee, as I remarked, decided that neither of these
parties was entitled to occupy a seat in this
House. They declared the election to be void,
but under the rule the contestant had sufficiently
a prima facie case to entitle him to some compen-
sation, and the committee therefore determined
to report the substitute.
Mr. GANSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man, the reason why the principle was adopted
was that if it had been otherwise the contestant
would get more than a member of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose that Mr. Loan had
been unseated, according to the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections, would he have been paid or
not? Now, would he not have been paid ?
Mr. BAXTER. Fie would, because he held
the certificate of election.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose that the House had
decided that he was not elected, would he not
have drawn pay from the time of the election?
Mr. WOODBRiDGE. In former times, in a
case like the one under consideration, Congress
would have voted him eight dollars a day from
the commencement of the session until the time
he retired from the House. They could do noth-
ing more; because if they did they would vote
him more than the sitting member would have.
Under the circumstances of this case, it is clear
to me that Mr. Bruce made a prima facie case.
It is true that the Committee of Elections, on in-
vestigation, decided that the election was void,
and that neither of the parties from the seventh
congressional district of Missouri was entitled to
a seutupon this floor. The majority of the Jlouse
decided that Mr. Loan was entitled to a seat, it
revised the repoitof the majority of tiie com-
mittee.
Mr, A. MYERS. I understand the gentleman
from Vermont to say that Mr. Bruce made out a
prima facie case. What does he mean?
Mi, WOODBRIDGE. He was here under
that apparent right which enabled himtocome as
a bona fide contestant from the district which he
claimed to represent.
Mr. A. MYERS. Did the committee decide
that he made out.a prima facie, case?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The committee decided
that neither of the gentlemen made out a case;
whether that neither made out a prima facie ease,
I do not know. The report of the committee
was that neither was entitled to a seat.
Now, the case comes within the i ule when eight
dollars per diem was allowed to members of Con-
gress. ifeightdollarsperdicm were now the pay
of a member of Congress, he would be entitled to
that pay from the commencement of the session
to the time that the case was decided. I think
thathecamehereingood faith; coming here with a
prima facie, case, the committee having decided that
neither was entitled to a seat, and then the House
having decided that one of them, General Loan,
was entitled to a seat, 1 think that Mr. Bruce is
entitled to bis pay and traveling expenses up to
the time that he was retired as much as any mem-
ber of Congress.
I believe *n doing jt&Jce. I do not believe in
saving a few dollars to the Government at the
expense of the principle of justice. If there ever
was a contestant entitled to pay, in my judg-
ment, from what I have learned from the report
of the committee and the arguments made in this
case, it is Mr. Bruce. If he is entitled to any-
thing he is entitled to the amount he would have
received if he had been decided to be a member
of the House. I would not vote for this if he
came without an apparent right. In the case of
Mr. Sleeper it was decided that he should receive
nothing; and I suppose that decision was made
on the ground that there was not sufficient reason
for him to present his application. Butitisclear
to my mind that Mr. Bruce had sufficientground.
It took a long time for the committee to decide
the matter. They did not decide that the sitting
member or the contestant was entitled to a seat.
The House having revised that decision decided
that General Loan was entitled to the seat. I
voted with the majority. But while I deemed it
proper under all of the circumstances to vote for
General Loan, 1 deem it justand proper that Mr.
Bruce should be paid.
Mr. SPALDING. I am entirely in favor of
the amendment proposed by the Committee of
Elections, if I understand correctly wbatitis. It
proposes tb pay to the contestant from the com-
mencement of the session a monthly compensa-
tion such as any of us receive by the month, and
it proposes further to pay him mileage from his
place of residence to this city, the same as mem-
bers receive. Now, I put it to members to know,
and I ask them to answer me and tell me, whether
this man now asks compensation as a member of
Congress, or compensation as a contestant. If
they say as a member of Congress, 1 reply that
he has neve/been a member of this Congress, and
therefore is not entitled to compensation as a mem-
ber of Congress. If he claims as contestant—and
nobody doubts his right to claim in that respect—
he receives pay for his time and services in con-
testing the right to his seat, and that right arises
from the first day of the session until the right
was determined by the action of this House.
And in addition to that he has a large mileage
which must amply pay him forany incidental ex-
penses. I say we have not money enough to al-
low us to be anything more than just, and if we
are just it is all we can be expected to do at this
time. I do not think there will be a dissenting
voice in this House in regard to paying the
monthly compensation and the traveling fees from
his place of lesidence to this city. But I think
we have a right to object, and that our constitu-
ents would have a right to object, to our paying
the contestant at the rate of the salary of a mem-
ber of Congress—paying it to a man who has not
been in the service of the country, and never had
the prima facie evidence of a member of Congtess,
for when he came here and submitted his claim
the committee repoi ted that neither petson was
entitled to the seat, though the House determined"
to jjivo the seat to the sitting member. All, there-
fore, that the contestant can ask is a monthly
compensation and traveling fees.
Mr. GANSON. 1 would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he would not allow pay for
sixty days engaged in taking testimony, in addi-
tion lo the time that Congress has been in session.
Mr. SPALDING. We allow compensation
for that in thus very ample mileage. The mileage
will compensate the gentleman for more than
sixty days' labor.
Mr. HALE. I think this question is well un-
derstood, and therefore I demand the previous
question.
Mr. UPSON. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognized the
gentleman from Pennsylvania because lie sup-
posed the gentleman from Michigan had yielded
the floor;butifthegentleman says he still holdsit,
the Chair will decide that he is entitled to it.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman will move
the previous question.
Mr. UPSON. I intend to do so very soon. I
will say in reply to thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that the pay of a member is fixed by law
as a matter of right, but the pay of a contestant
is to be fixed by this House; and therefore they
regulate it as they deem just and proper in the
case presented. We adapt the pay in each case
to the circumstances, doing what we consider sub-
stantial justice. In the case of a contested elec-
tion from Louisiana a nominal sum was fixed for
the contestant; and in the case from Massachu-
setts, this present session, the committee reported
a certain amount, but the House refused to vote
anything.
hi this case the committee have, not fixed a
specific amount, but have adopted a rule which
will determine the amount of mileage and six
months'compensation,commencing with the pres-
ent session, and including the whole of the pres-
ent month. That we think right and equitable
under all the circumstances of the case. We have
numerous other cases like this, and the rule de-
termined upon in this will be a precedent for the
cases which will follow, and hence the import-
ance of adopting a rule in this case which shall
be just and equitable. The compensation and
mileage recommended by the committee will
amount to $2,636, and, under all the circum-
stances, the committee consider this a fair and
just compensation.
Mr. DAWES. As has been stated by my col-
league on the committee who reported this res-
olution, the committee have had no rule until this
session with reference to compensation to contest-
ants since the change of the compensation law of
members of Congress, and there have been all sorts
of rules adopted by the House. The House at
one time voted $3,000 to a contestant when he had
been here only a few weeks. Again they voted at
another time $18,000 in one resolution to be divided
among a number of contestants who had been here
contesting seats different lengths of time.
But it seemed to thp committee highly import-
ant that a rule should be adopted,and thecommit-
tee adopted this rule in the Massachusetts case,
in establishing a fixed sum, although it reported
the resolution in a different form. It was, how-
ever, an amount arrived at by the same rule, ex-
cepting that there was no mileage included m the
resolution in that case, but simply a monthly com-
pensation from the 1st of December.
In that instance the House declined to payany-
thing, because it thought the contestant had not a
prima facie case or any reasonable ground of con-
test.
The committee in this case came to the conclu-
sion that it should adopt the rule which obtained
universally here before the compensation act was
passed*, namely, a monthly compensation to be-
gin when the per diem would have begun under
the old system. They know of no better rule
than that, leaving the House to judge in cachcase
whether there should be any compensation or not.
I believe that in this case everybody admits there
should be compensation, and the only question is
what shall be the rule. What better rule can
the^e be than the one reported by the committee?
1 had some doubts whether compensation ought
not to be allowed for the sixty days during which
the parties had to take depositions; but on the
whole I was of opinion, and the committee was
of opinion, that this was the best policy to adopt.
Mr. VOORHEES. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections what the rule is
which he now announces.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps I ought not to call it
a rule; but the committee was of the opinion that
in each case where there was reasonable cause to
justify compensation at ail, it ought to report in
favor of paying mileage and a monthly compen-
sation from the commencement of the session to
the conclusion of the case. That is precisely
the same rule that was always adopted when the
compensation of members of Congress was a per
diem one.
Mr. SMITHERS. I will only state that the
compensation of this contestant will amount, un-
der this resolution, to something over twenty-six
hundred dollars. The House will bear m mind
that the committee reported that there was no
prima facie case on the part of Mr. Bruce. He
came here not in the character of a contestant,
butas a party who was vindicatinga public right,
asking that the seat should be vacated. Under
no circumstances could he haveoccupied the seat,
and therefore I do not see that we ought to pay
him as a member of the House. I think, how-
ever, that we should hold him harmless, and give
him liberal compensation. I think the sum ar-
rived at by the Committee of Elections is not
only sufficient to save him harmless, but to give
him something more than his expenses.
Mr. UPSON. I now demand the previous
question. "
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being first upon the sub-
stitute reported by the Committee of Elections.
Mr.BLAIR,of WestVirginia,demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The substitute was agreed to—-ayes 68, noes 44.
The resolution, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE COLUMBIA BANK.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the lehof of the Columbia
