1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2271
Bank; whichwas read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report,ordered to be printed.
JAMES E. KILGORE. '
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the claim of James E. Kil-
. gore, executor of William Kilgore; whichwas
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
GEORGE MOWRY. *
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of George Mowry;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying re-
port* ordered to be printed.
BENJAMIN ROACH.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution for the relief of Benjamin
Roach; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying; report, ordered to be printed.
0. B. AND 0. S. LATIIAM.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief o£ 0. B. and 0. S. La-
tham; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of.the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, oideied to be printed.
CHARLES L. NELSON. *
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 197) for the relief of Charles
L. Nelson.  
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Charles L. Nelson §308
for his services as agent for the impiovement of
the harbor of Burlington, Vermont, from 15th
January, 18G3, to 2d April, 1863, inclusive, atfour
dollars per day.
There being no objection to consideiing the
hill in the House, the bill was read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES B. CURTIS, JR.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, reported
a joint resolution referring back to the Court of
Claims a report made to Congress oil 20th Janu-
ary, 18G2, in the case of Charles B. Curtis, jr.,
with the accompanying papers; which received
its several readings, and was passed.
G. II. CLARK.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee,
reported back a joint resolution for the relief of
G. H. Clark, with a recommendation that it be
referred to the Court of Claims.
It was so referred.
SARAH ROBINSON.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill' for the relief of Sarah Robinson,
widow of Hon. John L. Robinson, late United
States marshal for the district of Indiana; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. Itauthorizes thoSecretary
of the Treasury to credit to the account of Hon.
John L. Robinson, late United States marshal,
the sum of §675, for services rendered by him in
making preparations for taking tffecensus of 18C0;
and directs that in the legal adjudication of such
accounts judgment shall be rendered only for the
balance found to be due, without any interest or
penalties whatever.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to the consideration
of the-bill in the House. It makes an appropria-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It is not an appropriation
bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN C. M CONNELL.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief
of John C. McConnell; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be printed.
HOOPER AND WILLIAMS, AND OTHERS.
Mr. PRUYN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Hooper & Williams,
Livingston, Kincaid & Co., Gilbert & Gerrish,
and others; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to
be printed.
GERIIARDT AND STEVENS.
Mr. PRUYN. The case of Gerhardt & Ste-
vens was before the committee, but the papers
are not here. I ask leave to present them after
the reading of the Journal on Tuesday, that they
may go to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
It was so ordered.
BDllNSIDE AND COMPANY.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, from the Committee of
Claims, made an adverse report on the petition
of Burnside & Co., praying compensation for the
loss of beef cattle taken by the rebels; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN J. MICIIIE.
Mr. HOTCHKISS also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back House bill No. 338, for the
relief of John J. Michie, of New Orleans, Louis-
iana, with an amendment.
The bill and amendment were readi
The bill makes an appropriation for the pay-
ment of John J. Michie for cotton belonging to
him on the Yazoo river seized by order of Gen-
eral F. J. Hcrron in 18G3, and sold by order of
the Treasury Department.
The amendment changes the original bill so as
to provide for releasing and remitting to the claim-
ant the net proceeds of the sale after deducting
cost of transportation, &c.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
original bill makes an appropriation, and that it
will require unanimous consent to consider it in
the House.
Mr. WILSON. I think the bill had better go
to the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I hope the bill will be
considered in the House and passed. This cotton
was seized on the plantation of the claimant and
sold by the Treasury Department. The matter
has been thoroughly examined by the Commit-
tee of Claims. It is fully established that the
claimant is a loyal citizen, and has at all times
been such; that he has never taken any pai t in the
rebellion or given aid and comfort to the enemy.
He took the oath of allegiance as soon as he bad
the opportunity after New Orleans was taken.
His title to the property is fully established, as
well as that it was seized, has been sold, and that
the money is now held by the Treasury Depart-
ment. The case is made out by the clearest evi-
dence, and I see no reason why there should be
any delay in having this amount refunded to him.
We do not piopose to pay any specificsum out
of the Treasury; we do not propose to conclude
the Treasury Department by this bill; we merely
send him to the Secretary of the Treasury and
give the accounting officers power to scrutinize
the matter and determine. If upon further ex-
amination the Department find any objection to
paying the claim it will not be paid. All that
the committee recommend in his behalf is that
the proceeds of the sale of this property shall be
paid to him after paying all necessary expenses,
if they find the claim established upon principles
of right and justice. I think there is no shadow
of doubt resting upon his case, and I hope the
House will consent that the bill be passed._
Mr. WILSON. I must raise the question of
order that the bill makes an appropriation, and
must therefore go to the Committee of the Whole.
TheSPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and the bill is therefore in the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I wish to suggest that
this whole claim has been examined by General
Grant, and he has recommended that it be paid.
He is satisfied of loyalty of this man, anil
made this recommendation in his favor. I be- *
lieve that whatever has been recommended by.
General Grant has generally been unanimously
adopted in this House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from New York that the bill is jn the
Committee of the Whole. ,
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I respectfully sugges.t to, "
the Chair that the bill is before the House, and
I hope it will be passed.
The SPEAKER. The point of order having
been raised by the gentleman from Iowa, the Chair
decided that the bill must go to the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. FENTON. I understood the gentleman
from Iowa to withdraw his point of order.
Mr. WILSON. Th? gentleman from Iowa
did not sD understand it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. As amended by the com- •
mittee it is not an appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The original bill made an
appropriation. Itis true the committee proposed
to so amend it as to bring it outside the rule, but
that does not affect the question of order which
applies to the original bill.
Mr HOTCHKISS. I move to. go into the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar for the purpose of considering this bill.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in order, cxcept by general consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The motion
to gn into the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar is in order, is it not?
The SPEAKER. It is, but there are other
bills which will take precedence of this.
AMBROSE MORRISON.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Ambrose
Morrison, of Nashville, Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time. .
Mr. WINDOM asked to put the bill on its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill making an appro-
priation, cannot' be considered in the House ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed. #
•T. D. TURNER, ETC.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of J. D. Turner and
W. G. Raymond; which was reada first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the ac-
companying report, ordered to be printed.
DEBORAH JONES.
Mr. WHALEY, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Deborah Jones; which was read afirstand second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
C. A. HAUN.
Mr. WHALEY, from the same committee,
also reported a bill for the relief of C. A. Haun;
which was read a first and sedond time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly readthethird time,
and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the-bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY A. HYDE.
Mr. WHALEY, from the same committee,
also reported a hill for the relief of Mary A. Hyde,
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The lattet motion was agreed to.
