1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n
vessels have been on tlte stocks here, redely for launching,
several months, awaiting the rise in the river, and their
launching draught I- only five feet.
The location for a navy-yard should be where vessels of
anylequued draught used tor naval purposes could reach it
every day in the vear.
Yours, ttnly, J- W. KING,
Chief Engineer United States Navy.
lion. J. K. Mookiieajd, M. C.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will now
give way to the gentleman from Maine to offer
the resolution of the Committee on Naval Affairs
as an amendment to this resolution.
Mr. PIKE. I offer that amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am a little
surprised, I must confess, at the hostility which
gentlemen on the Naval Committee manifest
to this great western interest. I am surprised
that my friend from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] from a
part of the country which has been for many
years the recipient of aid from the Government
in the way of fishing bounties, and which has
been also receiving millions and millions forecast
fortifications, should come tri here and make an
argument, theeiTeetof winch is,as lie must know,
to prevent the people of the Mississippi valley
from being; adequately defended.
Mr. PIKE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois I wish to clinch this matter
of fishing bounties. The fishermen of Maine do
not receive teuliy one cent at the hands of the
Government, for they pay back to-day day by day
as duty on the salt which they consume every
dollar that is paid them as fishing bounty.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend will not get into a passion about the cod
fisheiies.
Mr. PIKE. Not at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There arc
other people besides the recipients offishing boun-
ties who pay duty on salt and do not get it back.
If I read aright the report of the Secretary of the
Tieasuiy there is about $350,000 paid annually
by the Government to these fishermen.
Mr. PIKE. Thry pay it back.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They pay it
back the same as I do when I put a little salt in
my porridge. [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. You will admit that under the re-
ciprocity treaty codfish is brought in from Nova
Scotia free of duty, salt and all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I admit
nothing, Mr. Speaker. [Laughter.] I know there
is no disposition on the part of the House to do
a great act of injustice to the people of the valley
of the Mississippi. I do not see why it is that
in the piesent position of our affiiis the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] object to legislation
which is absolutely neeessjry torour protection.
Is it because they do not want to have the Missis-
sippi river open: Do they not wish the Govern-
ment to have some point on the western waters
where it can have our gunboats repaired which
are to keep open the great channel of communi-
cation with the ocean, so that the farmers of the
Northwest can have an easy and cheap access to
maiket instead ofhaving their products subjected
to the tolls of railroads in getting to the Atlantic
coast?
No gentleman has controverted the fact that
there is a necessity for a naval depot in the West.
But the object seems to be to delay action here
until it shall be too late to accomplish anything.
A letter has been read here, addressed to a Sena-
tor from Iowa, who resisted the passage of this
bill in the Senate to the utmost extent of his abil-
ity, but ineffectually. That is the letter in which
Admiial Puiter speaks of this as being a project
of speculators. Who are the speculators that Ad-
miral Pot tor refers to ? The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] spoke of a lobby from Cairo.
Mr. WILSON. I beg leave to correct the gen-
tleman.
Mr. WASUBURNE,oflllinois. Wel!,alobby
in the interest of Cairo. I tell that gentleman and
the House that no man outside of this House has
ever mentioned to me the subject of a navy-yard
at Cairo. No mar. has appioached me in lefer-
ence to it; and I am sure that no one has ap-
proached the gentleman from Iowa, because if
they knew him as well as I do they would know
his incorruptibility and the vigilance with which
heguards the pubhcTreasury,and they would not
come near him.
Mr. WILSON. They would find out before
they got through how foolish it was to lose their
time in that way.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
what I thought, and therefore I thought it strange
they would so lose their lime. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] has alluded to the com-
munication of Admiral Foote, and has tried to
put a construction on the bill, I think unfairly,
that the navy-yard is to be located at Cairo.
There is no such provision in the bill. It is left
open. It may be located either at Cairo or at
Mound City; and if there are the objections to
Cairo which the gentleman suggests, there are
no such objections at Mound City. It has all
the advantages of Cairo, with the additional one
of being on high rolling ground,
• Mr. WJLSON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Illinois I desire to ask him
whether he will consent to have the Senate bill
so amended as to read, "at or near Cairo or
Mound City?"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will.
Mr. WILSON. That will help the matter
some.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I ask that the joint res-
olution of the House may be read for informa-
tion.
The joint resolution was read by the Clerk.
Mr. rlKE. I have not the slightest objection
to the gentleman from Illinois boasting'of the
Northwest as often as he pleases; I like to hear
him boast of the great Northwest, whether it is
once a week or twice a week. 1 have no objection
to his flying the flag of the West as his colleague
did last session, but in doing that he need not
take the trouble to talk about Maine. We ask
no odds of the great Northwest; we can take care
of ourselves as well as the Northwest can.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman fiom Maine know what he is talking
about?
Mr. PIKE. I know veiy well 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, f say does
the gentleman from Maine know what he istallc-
mg about when he proposes to pit little Maine
against Illinois' [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. I do not pit Maine against any-
body. I know very well what I am talking about,
and I know what the gentleman is talking about
when he speaks of4' our North west"'and of u op-
posing the gieat northwestern interests." I have
heard him say that several utnes befoie,and some-
times lie means by "Noi thwestna ship canal, and
sometimes a sunken strip of land at Cairo. What
la the question here ? It is the question of a lath*
town sometimes under water and sometimes out
of water, owned, as I understand, by speculators
in eastern States; and that is M the ^reat north-
western interest" the gentleman from Illinois talks
about; and for the sake of that little town the gen-
tleman from Illinois proposes to declare war
against the little State of Maine 
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. Oh, no. I
cannot yield the floor any further. The gentle-
man from Maine is getting so excited for this
watm weather that I really must be excused.
Mi. BLOW. I hope the gentleman will not
call the pt evious question before some other posi-
tions have been biought to the attention of the
House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope my
friend from Missouri will keep cool and he will
have an opportunity to be heard iti due time.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope every body will keep
as cool as the gentleman from Illinois. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I am as cool
as a calm summer's morning. I say to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that I do not propose to
call the previous question. 1 know that my friend
is interested in another locality, and it is proper
that he should be heard. He does not differ with
me as to the importance of this great Navy im-
provement.
Mr. <JRAYENS. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment? I cfosire to say a word in behalf
of another locality.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. The gentle-
man will have an opportunity after I get through.
Mr. CliAVEiNS. Is it the intention of the
gentleman to call the previous question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh no, I
Iiavejust informed two gentlemen that Mid not
intend to call the previous question at all, I pi
for a free fight on this question,and if the House
prefer to take the amendment which has been of-
fered by the gentleman from Maine, I shall "be
compelled to be satisfied, as lam always satisfied,
as the House knows, with itsactioo. [Laughier.l
Mr. STEVENS. I did not know the gentle-
man was entirely satisfied about the canal last
year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was about
as well satisfied with the action of the House
about the canal as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was last night with its action upon the loan
bill, I imagine. I think we may as well pair off
about that matter. I do not sec any ground for
a quarrel. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. 1 do not quarrel with any-
body.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Now, Mr.
Speaker, the gentleman from Maine in reading
from the report of Admiral Foote did not read
the entire document, and it sometimes happens
that to read a particular portion of a document
torn from its context will produce an entirely
different impression from the document read asa
whole.
I will ask that the letter of Admiral Foote
may be read, so that his opinion may bo shown in
regard to all of the localities that have been "men-
tioned. The House will see then whathe thinks
of Mound Cityand the other localities where this
naval depot may be located under this bill.
The Clerk read, as follows;
ijniieau or Equipment and rucruxtino,
Washington, Fohi uary o 3 1863.
Sat: Your letter of the 4th instant, to the Secretary of
the Navy, in reference to the advantages of a navy-yard on
the Mississippi river, has been leferred to me by the Navy
i Pepaiiment.
I The importance «>t a navy-yaid at some point on the Mis-
! ."dssippi river caimot bo ovei-estimated, especially in time
jj oi war.
[ Regarding the host location for a navy-yaid, I must
! iiaukly eonie<s that 1 am not at piesent prepaied to give
[ an opinion uhollv satisfactory to myself, not having visited
| .Memphis, nor given that attention to Caroivdciet. Cairo,
j and Mound Cny, which is lequisite in one who is thus
i suddenly called upon for hi  views.
I I picsume that my opinions are wanted more in refer-
i ene< to tiif physical eondilion of the site Cora yard than
' the polities! state of ii> locality, or even. peihapN", of its
j accessibility and faeihly in pioeuung the material for con-
; siruuion and « qiupcncut of vessel.' While at the Wesl,
| m inipioti-ing the gunboat flotilla, theie vveie only tinee
j point" which struck ine as adapted lor navy-yaid purpose?.
, These were, Caromielet, neai fc?t. Loai>;*Oaiio, at the
! junction of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers; and Mound
City. on the Ohio river, nine miles above the cilj of Cairo.
I Caiondelet. the first named, lias a good water front of
i sufficient depth, I believe, at all bcatons of the year, for
, tloatini* gunboats of any draught. The fact of thi* point
■■ having been '-elected in buiidieg (our of the first iron-clad
j boats that u eie launched on the we.-teru averts, and all the
I heavy iron clad-- a* piem-n* Uiiciet eontraet on the Missis-
i bippi river, fei em  lo show that this place contain* many
; nnp'Uinni advantages. Here theie m no overflow in the
jj highest >tago ol the river, to s-ay nothing of the advantage •
I j ol' i' < being in the vicinity of so large a eity a« St. Louis,
, together with the at number of iron-clad gunboats con-
I: «tiucted, and now beingbmlt, at this place. On the other
II hand, the disadvantages ot Carondelet arise from in^offi-
cieno} ot water in the autumn <tnd early paitof winter,
preventing, at tunes, the large boats horn reaching Cairo.
Tins obstacle may exist for three niontha in the year, as will
be seen by the eorieet tide or water table. Of the tendency
oi' the channel to diveigo iroin iu present course £ have
no data sufficient to form an opinion. In the month of Oc-
tober, 1B6J? out four irori-c)ad gunboat* built by contract,
a* well as the purchased gunboats, tteuton and .Essex, could
not be floated over two or tinee of the -shoals until most of
the eo.tl. guifs, and heavy stores were taken out to lessen
their draught to live teet. I believe thatduring nine months
of the year, as a general rule, gunboatfe of a diaught not ex-
ceeding seven feet might safely reach Cano w ithom diffi-
culty from t-boai water.
The city ot Cairo contains many advantages for a navy-
yard. It lies at the terminus of the Illinois Central railroad.
It can be easily defended again.-tan attack, and h«i&, on the
()nu> nver p.Mt of the town, an extensive water front suf-
ficient to Moat gunboats of the heaviest draught. But, on
the otiicr hand, the soil i- alluvial, and in the highe-t stage
oi water it difficult at times to pievcnt the overflow of the
levee, involvmj senou-a damages ot mateual and stores.
Tins was the case in May last; the powder and &heil could
only be saleiy stored aboaid wt steamers lining the levee,
while it afford* no safe place for a magazine ot even store-
houses containing perishable articles.
Mound Cuv, a di&tanee of nine miles up the Ohio river
from Cairo, lias rather more elevation titan Cairo. Already
tinee iron ciad gunboats have been built there, and thin
p! ice has waj >" for hauling up and repan mg &tcainers.
Lnse CiHUn.eiu, n also has i^eihnes, though in a lesser
degree.'o' building a; d i«pairing steamers. Still the &oU
Kr<- is alluvial aUo, and it is not well adapted for tlte ptea-
crvanou ot .-tore!*. A branch of the Illinois railroad cx-
tend-5 to Moiin.l Cit), but the place !•  not so well adapted
to detense a^ Cano.
I make no reference to the city of Memphis, other than
to say i had no opportunity of visiting it, and therefore am
