1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
selves the government of the confederate States,
but would lead to the withdrawal of the prisoners,
why would it lead to that? Because they would
not be safe at Richmond. If they would not be
sate, that organization called the government of
the confederate States would not be safe.
I have had piles of letters on this subject within
a few days. 1 received a letter from Pennsylvania
the other day from a gentleman whom 1 do not
know, saying that he had a hundred men in his
employ, and that he and every man he had would
go if the Government would arm them. A gentle-
man, one of the most energetic men I know m
Wisconsin, was m the gallery when my proposi-
tion was offered, and he said that every man capa-
ble of bearing firms in Wisconsin could be put un-
der arms, and lie could arm a regiment in twenty-
four hours. I have had letters from Massachu-
setts, I have had letters from New York, and from
other Suites to the same effect.
The President of the United States has said a
great many true things, and one of the truest
things he ever said I think he said in 18G1, and
that was that the people of the United States would
put down this rebellion if the Government but did
its duty indifferently well. I want to improve
upon that remark, if it be possible to improve
upon it, by saying to-day that the peopie of the
United States will put down this rebellion if you
will let them do it. I do not know that one hun-
dred thousand men would be adequate in one
hundred days to achieve any decided advantages,
but you can have three hundred thousand as
quickly as one hundred thousand, and the more
you call for the more you will have. I know
that m 1861, when the first call was made, almost
every man in the loyal States got up at once and
was ready to offer his services. A great deal of
fault has been found with the army of the Poto-
mac. It has seemed to me that the army of the
Potomac has had Loo heavy a burden, too heavy
a labor imposed upon it. It has had the double
duty imposed upon it of defending Washington
and of taking Richmond. The result of that
double duty is that they have been lequned so
far to go toward Richmond over just such route
as General Lee's army lias prescribed to them;
and if General Lee, having the choice of position
and standing on the defensive, cannot defend
Richmond against any one hundred thousand men
you can send there, he ought not to command an
army. Let an army stand between Richmond
and Washington; call forother men to go where
Lee is not; take routes which he does not pre-
scribe to you. General Lee has not been able to
march over the army of the Potomac when com-
manded by Meade, or Hooker, or anybody else,
but twice he has marched around that army. I
wish the Senator from Illinois would increase the
number t hat he proposes to raise. I shall vote for
the proposition anyhow,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In a few weeks from
now, I shall be willing to vote for such a propo-
sition as this; but 1 submit to the Senator from
Illinois whether it will not prevent the Govern-
ment from filling up the old Army, and turn the
attention of the people to this more favorite ser-
vice. I hope that the Senate will not adopt the
proposition. After we have filled our old Army, I
shall vote heartily for a proposition of this kind;
but not till then.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should have no objection
to raising one hundred thousand men for the spe-
cific purpose stated in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, but for two reasons, i have
no doubt that the men could be had, provided the
money could be had; and that the men, if they
could be at once in the service of the United States
for any piactical purpose, might accomplish the
object which we all have so much at heart, the
driving of the rebel authorities fiom Richmond.
But the cost of one hundred thousand men, 1
think, is at an average of about $100 a man. and
that is $111,000,000. The cost of transportation
cettainly will be half as much mote. But then,
when we have got the money, if it is tn be had, a ml
we have got the men into our service, and we have
got from time to time the means of transposing
them to the 5-oeno of operations, i rather think the
hundred days would be pretty much exhausted,
and you will find yourself at the end of that period
with one hundred thousand men on youi hands
who would have only a few weeks to serve after
you had expended some fifteen or twenty million I
dollars.
The second reason which will operate on my
mind in the vote I shall give on this question is
that I think the practical cffect of the amendment,
if adopted, will be to suspend the operation of this
enrollment act for at least one hundred days, for
I suppose it muslrbe very obvious that if men can
be paid the same rate, or nearly the same rate, for
a short service of three months, they will not be
found enlisting for a period of three years. In
other words, they will prefer the short service to
the long service; and if they do prefer the short
service to the Song service, then the enlistment for
three months of such of them as would enlist for
the long service but for the privilege of enlisting
for the short service, will postpone the practical
operation of the bill which is on our table. 1 sug-
gest, therefore, to the honorable Senator from Il-
linois that perhaps, on consideration, he will sec
that he may be doing moie harm than good if lie
shall succeed in getting this particular measure
adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, perhaps
we look upon this rebellion and the power of the
rebel armies from differentpoints of view. I never
would have offered a premium of $300 or $400 for
men who have yet twelve months to serve, to re-
enhst. It looks to me very much like an admis-
sion that this rebellion was not to be put down for
twelve months to come. The feeling of the peo-
ple of this country is that the rebellion has aheady
lasted longer than it ought to have lasted. They
have been wilhng to make any sacrifices that the
Government required either of men or money, to
submit to any taxation, and to volunteer them-
selves. The only difficulty we have had in fill-
ing our armies with volunteers has been an im-
pression that the war was not to be prosecuted
with efficiency. Satisfy the country that the troops
to be raised are to be moved at once upon the rebel
armies, and you will get men enough. That was
the undei standing in the earlier stages of the war.
Now, there is a very general impression all over
the country, so far as 1 know, that this rebellion is
to be put down m the spring campaign. There
is a general feeling that we can do it then as well
as in a dozen campaigns. We want men to do
it. I think, if you will say to the people of this
country that you desire one hundred thousand
men to' come forward and unite with the armies
we now have in the field for one hundred days
for a specific purpose, that you will get them.
I do not agree at all with the Senator from
Massachusetts that they willbe worthless. Why,
sir, some of the best fighting men we have l.adm
this war, men who have behaved as bravely as
any otheis under the most trying circumstances,
have been the new regiments. Men from my
State who had not been thirty days in service
have fought as well in the battles m the West as
those who have been a year in the service. Such
has been the case with the soldiers from Michi-
gan, fiom Vermont,and othei States. Take these
one bundled thousand men, with the enthusiasm
they will bring, and put them in with the old sol-
diers who have served, and I tell you they will
not turn their backs on the foe in battle. I should
have no apprehension of a stampede from such
men.
I believe so far from this costing the Govern-
ment money, as the Senator from Maryland sug-
gests, it is the most economical way to putdown
this rebellion. Perhaps the Senatoi fiom Wis-
consin is right that we should call for a greater
number. 1 believe you could get more. I be-
lieve the men could be Kiised m the next forty
days, that we would ha\e them by the 1st ot
March ready to move, and then, giving themthe
hundred days, it leaches until midsummer, the
time to accomplish the object, if it can be accom-
plished at all.
But, sir, I am not disposed to take up time on
this hill which has delayed us so long. All I ask
is to ha\  a vote "it the pioposmou. If it docs
not meet the approbation Senatoi s, \ ote it down.
In mv judgment the most economical and the
uu'fct efficient way to putdown thi« rebellion is to
raise a suificient foiee to put it down during the
next campaign, and early m the campaign.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator a question Ik fore he takes Ins seat: whether
existing laws do not authorize the President to
call out such force as he thinks the exigencies of
the war require for such a length of time as he
may designate, not exceeding three years, and
whether as Commander-in-Chief he has not the
authority to appoint them to such service as lie
desires? Is not that the existing law?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 believe that the President
has authority to call out troops, but i want an
expression of the opinion of Congress on this sub-
ject, and a direction to raise these troops for a
specific purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator if it would not be better for Congress to ex-
press its views in the form of resolution, and not
to reenact what is on the statute-book?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In my judgmentit would
not. I would make it the law, and then it is the
duty of the Executive to execute it.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I believethere
is a very strong feeling throughout the country in
regard to the condition of our prisoners at Rich-
mond. I know it to be the case in my immedi-
ate neighborhood in Connecticut,from which there
are some hundreds who have been confined there
and on Belle Island ever since last .Tune. Some of
them have suffered death; many still survive, daily
suffering what must, if protracted, result in death
orin broken constitutions. Any intimation to the
country of a call to relieve these men would be
hailed in the vicinity in which I reside with great
enthusiasm. I have had letters within the last
few weeks from respectable men in that district
on the subject, and one m particular from a gen-
tleman who stated that if a call of this sort could
be made, he would be responsible to furnish and
to head fifteen hundred men. There would be a
wild enthusiasm in many sections of the country
were this call made, and men would flock to the
standard m great numbers.
But 1 confess, sir, I have seriou3 doubts about
the expediency of making this attempt in this way.
After receiving these letteis,I conversed with the
President and with our militm y authorities on the
subject, and they discouraged thescheme. I confess
that my feelings were in favor of if, and I did not
see the difficulties which the military men did see,
and which they pointed out. It would certainly
be arrogant for me to oppose my judgment to
theiis, for they are skilled and experienced men.
1 must say, however, that in my judgment this
would be an exceedingly popular measure. Men,
brave men would come at this call, men prepared
to lay down then lives freely,unshiinkingly, to re-
lieve their sulfenng feilow-cmzcns at Richmond.
1 scarcely know what is best, or how to vote
upon this question. I certainly feel with the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Military Committee, that it is not desirable to in-
ii cumber this bill, if this proposition should be
I attached to this bill, we might just as well not
!j pass it, for it would be this clause, and this only,
i] that would be effective in the country, if we do
|j pass it. Everything td.se in the bill might as well
be out of it as m it if this clause is in, for this
would be the whole of it; and if the service was
to be for one hundied days, during that one hun-
dred days not one single thing under the bill
would be done. The attention of the country
would be attiacted to and absorbed by this meas-
ure until the one hundred thousand were raised
and this work accomplished.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator from Connecti-
cut allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. FOSTER.. Certainly.
Mr. HOWE. I wish ho would explain to the
Senate why it is, the President being authorized
to call for one hundred thousand volunteers to
serve for one hundred days, that that of itself
should prevent him from going on and drafting
men if he sees fit to do so to serve for three years?
Mr. FOSTER. No doubt, so far as the com-
pulsory paitof the bill is concerned, that might
be carried out. I spoke of the inducements in the
bill to volunteer. All but the compulsory part of
it would be suspended; for no man would volun-
teer for three y<_>ars while this call was pending
{or one hundred days. All the blood of the coun-
try would be stirx-d with this proposition, and
there would be apathy in reference to all else: and
the campaign of the next year, and indeed every-
thing but this individual en tei prise, would be dead,
practically dead. Now, sir, whether it is better
to putevciything else in peril for the sake of this,
1 doubt.
