250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
How are these men to be officered ? Are they to
be officered by men now in the service,or are the
officers to be selected from those who thus volun-
teer. The Senator from Illinois suggested, " mix
them with the old Army; put them in with the old
regiments." In that case we should have precisely
the same military policy carried out which we
have now. I do not believe it would be accept-
able to these volunteers to be mingled with the
troops now in the field. I believe they would in-
sist upon being led by officers taken from them-
selves directly toward the object for which they
volunteered. If the call should be limited, com-
pelling those who volunteered to unite with the
troops now in the field and act with them, I do not
believe the call would be effective.
If general, and if called to act independently,
the people would regard it somewhat in the light*
of a crusade; it would be a crusade, and it would
spread as the crusade did under the preaching of
Peter the Hermit. The people would swarm;
and I confess I have some doubts whether they
would not go in such overwhelming force as to
overrun the whole rebel States. We cannot esti-
mate the power of such a body of men as would be
thus raised. It would reach secret springs in this
country that have not yet been touched. It would
show a power in our people which would aston-
ish mankind. I am by no means prepared to say
that it would not be the shortest, cheapest, and
best mode of extinguishing this rebellion; indeed
I confess to a considerable degree of confidence
that it would. But it is a measure so bold, and it
endangers so many other great and important in-
terests, that with my limited knowledge of mili-
tary affair a I will not take the responsibility of
recommending it.
Mr. NESMITH. I desire to inquire if it is
in order to move to amend the amendment now
pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. NESMITH. Then I move to strike out
" one hundred days" and insert " three years."
Mr. WILSON. As Senators hnve so much
confidence in this proposition of the Senator from
Illinois to raise one hundred thousand men for
one hundred days, who me to do such wonderful
things for the country, i hope they will allow this
bill to pass and bring this subject in as a sepaiate
measure, and I will stay here to pass it at once if
they can. I want to get this bill through to-night.
1 think it is of vital importance to finish it to-night.
Several Senators. It cannot be done.
Mr. WILSON. Wc shall not pass it if we
continue as we are going on. I hope this propo-
sition will not be pressed on this bill, but will be
brought in as an independent measure; and when
it conies in as an independent measure I think we
shall have a discussion on it.
Mr. CONNESS. Theie seem to be two ob-
jections to this proposed scheme; one of which has
been stated by the chairman of the Committee on
Militaiy Allan's: it would incumber the enroll-
ment bill and should not be added to it, but should
be left, if it is to be a scheme attempted to be
made practicable at all, to be presented as a sep-
arate proposition. The Senator from Maryland
gave the other reason, which it seems to me is
conclusive, m the matter; and that is, that it would
necessarily interfere with the raising of the three
hundred thousand men that have been called for.
If it is a scheme practical at all, let it come in as
a separate proposition, and let us get the men
tailed for fust.
The proposition seems to me to be a senatorial
or legislative mode of taking Richmond or sup-
pressing the rebel!ion,rather than a military mode.
Military men say you cannot fight battles well
nor meet veterans except by veterans and with
veterans; and I am very much inclined to accept
their judgment. But I do not wish to discuss the
proposition except to say that I shall be compelled
to vote against it, at any rate as an amendment
to this bill.
Mr. HOWE. I have no choice upon the ques-
tion whether this proposition comes to a vote of
the Senate as an amendment to the bill now pend-
ing, or whether it be offered as an independent
measure. I think it very likely it might be made
more efficient as an independent measure; but I
submit that the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, the Senator from Maryland, and
the Senator from California are mistaken in sup- i
possing that as an amendment to this bill item- i
barrasses it at all. I cannot see how it makes it
one whit more or less inefficient. If it be more
acceptable to Congress with this amendment than
without it, then the measuie will be supported;
if it be less acceptable, then the amendment will
probably be rejected; so that the bill is notlikely
to be embarrassed any way.
But the Senator from Maryland has suggested,
and the Senator from Connecticut seemed to think
he was right, that if this amendment was adopted
it would supersede all the provisions of the bill
now on our table; and yet the Senator from Con-
necticut admits that it would not interfere with
the execution of the bill so far as it is compulsory.
Well, I understand it is nothing else but a com-
pulsory measure. I do not understand that the
bill now on our tables provides for any volun-
teering at all. That is provided for by another
measure, in which the President is authorized to
offer bounties of $300 and $400 up to the 1st of
March. Instead of the adoption of such a meas-
ure as is now proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois interfering with voluuteeringand with those
bounties, I think it would weaken volunteering,
because that bounty is earned by volunteering to
the end of the war, and I think a man would be
more likely to enlist for the war if he found a
large military force of two or three hundred thou-
sand men were to be put into the field for one
hundred days, because it would tend—and that
is the very puipose of the proposition—to expe-
dite the progress of the war and to hasten the end
of it. The Senator from Illinois believes, and I
believe, that a proper volunteer force put into the
field would in one hundred days end the war.
The bounty of $300 or $400 would be earned then
in one hundred days'service, and I think the adop-
tion of just such a measure would quicken volun-
teering.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Oregon to the
amendmentof the Senator from Illinois,, which is
to strike out "one hundred days" and insert
" three years."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
j<ict.'d; there being, on a division—ayes thirteen,
noes not counted.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after the word "that,"
where it lirst oceius in the amendment, the words
** alter the tluee hundred thousand men called for
by the President in his recent proclamation shall
have been raised."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Minnesota will not insist upon that amendment;
because, if we are to wait until the execution of
this draft and three hundred thousand men arc
obtained under it, this mutter goes over for this
year, and would be of no service for the next
campaign. I trust he will not persist in his amend-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It comes just precisely to
this: if we postpone the three hundred thousand
to raise this one hundred thousand for one hun-
dred days, then the three hundred thousand goes
over this yeai; and if you postpone the one hun-
dred thousand for one hundred days until we get
the three hundred thousand for three years, we
will not only take Richmond and relieve our pris-
oners, but will putdown therebcllionevcrywhere.
We shall not get our prisoners until we have the
rebellion put down everywhere, because they will
take the prisoneis with them to their last strong-
hold. That is precisely the question, in my opin-
ion. The one postpones the other; and I prefer
to go in for the three hundred thousand men to
be soldiers to put down therebellion everywhere,
to recapture all the prisoners and all the forts, and
put the enemy to the last ditch.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin certainly does not mean to say that the
.laising of this one hundred thousand men has
anything to do with the enforcementof thedraft?
This bill is to raise men by draft. Will the rais-
ing of one hundred thousand volunteers prevent
th a t ?
Mr. WILKINSON. They are inconsistent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator thinks so
he can offer his amendment. I cannot see that
they are at all inconsistent.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from Illi-
nois to withdraw this amendment, and let it come
up on Monday as a separate proposition. He
can just as well bring this in separately, and I do
not see any reason why it should embarrass this
bill or take up our time now. It is certainly a
proposition that ought to consume a day in the
discussion, for I think it is a matter that can be
demonstrated as clear as any problem in mathe-
matics that there has been no time since this war
took place that you could raise and put one hun-
dred thousand men in the field under seventy-five
days, and an enormous expenditure to the coun-
try,and when you get the men ready for service,
their time will be out. I hope this proposition
will not be pressed to-day. It can be brought in
early next week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota to
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer an amendment
in the shape of a substitute, to strike out all after
the word "that,"and insert the following:
The Piosident of the United States be authorized to pto-
vido transportation and equipments for three hundred thou-
sand men in addition to the amount now on hand.
I feel a great deal of solicitude about this prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois. 1 feci that
if we adopt it it will be turning a tigerloose upon
the country. I have had agreat deal to do with the
enlistment of soldiers, and I venture the assertion
that the moment this amendment passes all volun-
teering in any other direction will cease. When
we proposed volunteering for three years, and the
time for enlistments in the regular Army was five
years,enlistments in the regular Army ceased en-
tirely. This will create a furore in the country
that, I venture to say, has never been equaled.
So far as the State I represent is concerned, if you
allow the President of the United States to call
for volunteers for the purpose of telieving the
prisoners at Richmond, they would enlist en masse
for one hundred days or two hundred days. I
will make this further statement: that, with the
condition of the Government at present, it would
take one hundied days forthe Government to pro-
cure transportation and equipment for that one
hundied thousand men. While they may have
arms, they have not the tents, clothing,and trans-
portation.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I think the longer
the passage of this bill is delayed the better it is
for the country. It is now getting late, and im-
portant propositions arc brought in which prom-
ise us a very interesting debate if we adjourn. I
therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put I
wish to introduce another motion, that the bill be
printed with all the amendments. It is import-
ant that that should be done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will en-
tertain the motion of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts if there be no objection. Is there any
objection ? The Chair heais none, and the bill with
the amendments will be ordered to be printed.
The Senator from Indiana now moves that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. CONNESS. With the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, I desire to submit an amend-
ment with a view to have it printed. I think there
will be no ob jection to it. If there is, I will with-
draw it at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be received,
if there be no objection.
Mr. IIENDIUCKS. I desire to send up an
amendment to the bill, which I ask to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be received
and ordered to be printed, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. As Senators seem to
desire it, I will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to ad-
journ is withdrawn, and the question recurs on
agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know if the Senate has not already or-
dered the bill out of its possession and ordered it
to be printed ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not necessa-
rily out of its possession.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think we can pass this bill
to-night. ["Oil,no."] I am sure we ought to do it.
Here we have these propositions put upon it, and
we have spent two or three hours to-day, it seems
to me, on questions that hardly concern the bill
