252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
New England and you will not find one man in
one hundred in all New England who will not
come in under the §150 exemption as placed in
the amendment, if you want $ 150, and do not
want men, vote for the amendment. If you want
men, do away with that exemption entirely, and
have your men come up and serve or furnish sub-
stitutes. I am opposed to this whole theory of
commutation. The Government wants men and
not money. It will get no men under this pro-
vision, and the enemies of this bill will vote for
this amendment.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I will reply to my hon-
orable friend after we have passed the bill, on some
other occasion.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, I have not
opened my lips to-day in reference to this bill. I
have sought earnestly to perfect it; but if this
{amendment is adopted I shall feel constrained to
vote against the bill. In my judgment it will be
far worse to the country than to leave the original
bill as it now stands. 1 agree with what has been
said here, that under it nine tenths of the drafted
men will escape by paying a commutation of §150.
We cannot afford to reduce the commutation at
that rate. We must raise the commutation, or
at least hold it where it is, and in my judgment
it will be fatal to the bill if this amendment is
adopted.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 6, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Mecsr*. flemliick*?, Lano of Indiana, Powell,
Salisbury, Wilkinson, and Wnght—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Hrown, Ruckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Coliamer, Conncss, Cowan, Dixon, Doohttle, Foot, Fos-
ter, llalo, Harding, Italian, Harris, Henderson, Howaid,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morull, Nes-
inith, Pomeioy, Itainsey, Sheiman, Spiaguo, Summsr, Ten
Eyek, Tmmbu'l, Van Waikle, Wade, Willey, and Wilton
—3t.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the sixth sec-
tion in the third line by striking out " three" and
inserting "third;" and in the eleventh line by
striking out " three" and inserting "third." It
is a mere verbal correction.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the bill be
printed.
Mr. SUMNER. The printing has been already
ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California moves that the bill as amended be
printed.
Mr. COLLAMER. "Let us see whether we
cannot take the question on the bill itself. Un-
less gentlemen have some other amendments to
propose, let us pass (he bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be printed afterwards.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no other
amendment, the question is on oidering the bill to
be engiossed tor a third rending.
Mr. IIARLAN. I do notknow what is in this
bill, I have given pietty good attention to it, but
there have been many amendments submitted and
acted on. Some of them have been adopted and
some rejected. I do not know how the bill reads,
and 1 am not willing to vote font without know-
ing what is in it, and I prefer not to vote against
it. I think it would be better if the chairman of
the Military Committee would consent that it
should go over until Monday, and let it be printed
that we maysee what is in the bill. lie may re-
member that we passed a bill a short time ago
prohibiting the payment of bounties after the 5th
day of January, and in a very few days after-
wards we were called upon to vote for a law re-
pealing that law. It seems to me that a delay of
one day will not materially affect the interests of
the country, and I therefore move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until Mon-
day.
Mr. WILSON. It seems to me that the bill is
in a very good shape indeed; it is substantially
as imported by the committee, with some amend-
ments which I think generally are improvements
of the bill. One or two of those amendments 1
have voted against, but I am certainly willing
they should go to the House of Representatives,
and it does seem to me impoitant to close it this
week. I tlnnk it important that the bill should
be passed at an eaily day, for it will take some
little time to send out the instructions to the coun-
try* and have the people understand what its pro-
visions are. It will unquestionably go into opera-
tion on the lstof March. It ought to be put into
operation within a very few days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is.on
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until Monday.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Is it in order to ask for the
reading of the bill throughout?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in order for
the Senate to order it to be read. A paper huving
been once read cannot be read again, if objected
to, unless it be ordered by the Senate. It will be
read, unless objected to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that when the
question comes, "Shall the bill be read a third
time?" any member has the right to have it read
at length.
Mr. SHERMAN. After it has been ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. COLLA MER. After it lias been ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time any mem-
ber has the right to insist on its being lead.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is another
stage. The question now is on ordering it to be
read a third time. After the Senate has so or-
dered, the bill will be read the third time, and may
be read at length.
Mr. HARLAN. I would suggest to my friend
the Senator from Vermont that I suppose at the
period which he indicates it will be too late to
amend the bill if some imperfection should ap-
pear.
Mr. COLLAMER. There maybe that objec-
tion to it; but that is all. It could undoubtedly
be read then.
Mr. HARLAN. It will require but a few
moments to read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be read. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to, the
question will be on oidering the bill to be en-
giossed for a thud leading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It docs seem to me t^at
nothing particular can be gained by this course,
and we had better see this bill. The request of
the Senator fiom Iowa is not an unreasonable
one. I do not think there is any factious op-
position to delay the bill. We can take a vote
on it in a few minutes. It seems to me that if
a Senator wishes to see it we had better postpone
it. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that after the
bill is ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, i.t will be open to a motion to reconsider on
Monday, and I think we had better get it beyond
the stage where it can be amended. We hail
better go at least that far. Let us get rid of this
bill at that stage at least this week
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. TEN EYCIi called for the yeas and nays,
and they weie oidered; and being taken, resulted
as follows:
YHAS—Biown, Chandler, Dixon, Hatding, Har-
lan, llendf imhi, I!em!j icks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Mor-
gan, Nc^muh, l'nmeroy, Ratn-ej, SauNbury, Sprasite,
Sumner. Tiumlmll, U'.ide, WiJkuiMMi, and Wnghi—*20.
NAYS—Mc^r-, Huekalew, Clark, Coliamer, (Jonnec^,
Cowan, Uoohule, Foot, Fos-ter, Hale, Hairis, Johnson,
Lane ot lvan a«, Mori ill, Powell, Sherman, TenEvek, Yan
Winkle, Willey, and Wil„on—19.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous con-
sent the Chair would like to present a communi-
cation from the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company. It is the annual report of
that corporation, made according to law. The
Chair hears no objection.
The communication was received,and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
ordeicd to be printed.
Mr. WILSON. Before the announcement is
made of the vote on the adjournment, may we not,
by unanimous consent, have an order made to
print the pending bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be ordered to be printed. The
Chair heais no objection: the order is made.
Upon the motion to adjourn the yeas are 20 and
the nays are 19; so the Senate stands adjourned
until Monday next at twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 18, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
WASHINGTON PASSENGER RAILWAY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
the following communication:
OrFiCE of Secretary of United States Senate,
Washington, January 18, 1864.
Sir: In obedience to the ic&olution of the Senate of the
14th instant, directing me to commnnicate to the Senate
•' whether the Washington and Georgetown Itailroad Com-
pany has made any report to Congress in accordance with
the provision of its charter," I have the honor to state that
the report of that company was laid before the Senate on
the 16th instant.
I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,
J. W. FORNEY, Secretary.
Hon. H. Hamlin, Vice President of the United States and
President of the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. It will be noticed that the
report was made after the resolution of inquiry
was passed. I move that the communication be
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Charles J Gilman and others, citizens ofBiuns-
wick, Maine, praying that the aid asked by the
South American Steamship Company to establish
mail communication by steam vessels with the
countries of South America may be given; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER presented two petitions of
citizens of Detroit, Michigan, praying for an ap-
propriation for the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of Niagara; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, in favor of an appropriation of
lands to endow female colleges in the several
States; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the memo-
rial of Edward C. Doran,paymaster in the United
States Navy, praying for the legalization of cer-
tain payments and vouchers therefor made from
moneys realized from drafts surrendered by him
at the Norfolk navy-yard in April, 1861; which
was rcfeired to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
F. Jlcwins and others, of the forty-second and
forty-fourth regiments of Massachusetts volun-
teers, who enlisted into the service of the United
States for the term of nine months, praying that
they may be allowed a bounty of twenty-five
dollars; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr.WADE. I presenttwopetitions,onefrom
the Society of Friends in Ohio, and the other from
a like Society in southern Indiana and eastern
Illinois, praying to be exempted from military
duty on account of their conscientious scruples.
As that subject is under consideration, I move
that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, praying that the surviving officers
and soldiers of the war of 1812 and the Mexican
war, who have been paid for only a part of the
time since their services were rendered, may be
allowed back pay up to the time their pensions
commenced, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the petition of Patrick W. Douglas, pray-
ing for a pension, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred a resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Foot on the 14th of December,
1863, in i elation to the establishment of a library
for the Senate, submitted an adverse report, which
was concurred in.
Mr. COLLAMER. The memorial of Georsre
W. Greene,praying that Congiess will subsctibe
for fifteen hundred copies of a publication of the
letters and dispatches of General Nathaniel Greene
during the revolutionary war to enable him to
