2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 16, 1864.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented reso-
lutions of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, commending to the favorable consideration
of Congress the application of Perry MacDon-
ough Collins to extend and maintain a line of
telegraphic communication through the Territo-
ries and public lands of the United States, and
thereby connect the telegraph systems of Europe,
Asia, and the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of J.
P. Howlett, quartermaster of the third regiment
Minnesota infantry volunteers, praying to be re-
lieved from all responsibility on account of money
received of the United States for quartermaster's
and subsistence departments, in consequence of
the books and papers belonging to his office being
destroyed by the rebels on the 13th of July, 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of the Me-
ehanicsandTraders'BanlcofNewOrleans, praying
that the Secretary of the Treasury may be author-
ized to return to that bank the amount of money
paid on dividends to stockholders in the city of
New York, by order of Major General Butler;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
II*' alao presented a petition of citizens of Nor-
walk, Connecticut, praying for the abolition of
slavery throughout the United States,and for the
adoption of measures for so amending the Con-
stitution as forever to prohibit its existence in any
portion of our common country; which was re-
ferred to the select committee on slavery and freed-
men.
iVlr. HOWE piesented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin in favor of the establish-
ment of a semi-weekly mail route fiom Green
Buy, in Drown county, through the towns of
t.iiffii l ay, Red River,and Lincoln, to Ahnepec,
in Kewaunee county; which was referred to the
Committee on Post O/liees and Post Roads.
1L' also presented a petition of Malcolm G.
lYlarsiliiot and others, who have been transferred
from the military to the naval service, praying
that the law may be so amended as to give them
the aid which, m different States,given to the
families of those in the military'Service; which
wass ieferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCIf ALRW {indented a memorial of the
Reading and Columbia Railroad Company; a me-
monal of the Philadelphia, Germantown, and
JVornstown Railroad Company; a memotial of
the East Pennsylvania Railroad Company, and
a memorial of the Huntington and Broad Top
Mountain Railroad and Coal Company, remon-
Htrating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which were reieiied to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Cilice.
KXKCUTt VI'j COMM UNIfJA710X?.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before tlie
Senate a message fiotu the President of the Uni-
ted States, tiansmuung, in answerto a resolution
of the Senate of the 9th instant, a report from the
►Secretary of State relative to a contioversy be-
tween the republics of Chili and Bolivia; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 14th ultimo, a report
of the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
removal of the refugee Indians from Kansas to
their homes; which was ordeied to be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmittinjracommunication from the Com-
missioner i/f Indian Aflairs, representing the ne-
cessity that exists for an appropriation for the
Indian service m the Territory of Dakota, and
recommending an appropriation of #10,000 for
general incidental expenses, presents of goods,
&c.; which was leferrud to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, submitting estimates
for funds required for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes with whom recent trea-
ties have been ratified by the Senate, and recom-
mending that the appropriations be made; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a-bill (H. R.
No. 381) to amend an act entitled "An act making
a grant of land to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State," approved May 15, 1856, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (Ii. R. No. 432) for the relief
of the citizens of Denver, in the Territory of Colo-
rado, icported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 157) for the relief of
the citizens of the town of Denver, in the Terri-
tory of Colorado, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion instructing the committee to inquire into the
condition of the Choctaw Indians, asked to be
discharged from its fuither consideration; which
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 275)
to prohibit cattle, hoises, mules, and other domes-
ticanimals from running at large; which was icad
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 276) con-
cerning the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title, rcfened to the Committee on the Ju-
dicial y.
Air. HARLAN asked,and by unanimouscon-
scnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
277) making a grant of lands to the Territories of
Dakota and Idaho, in alternate sections, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads m ceitain
Territories, to connect with the railroad system
of Minnesota; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
NEW CENSUS IN 18G5.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 53) providing for the taking of a
census of the United States; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, thisjointres-
olution authoiizes the taking of the census in
1865, leaving the officer in chaige of the woi k lib-
eity to avail himself of the labors of such States
as shall (numerate then-inhabitants m that year.
The importance of understanding the numerical
and arms-bearing population and the resources of
the country is clear to the comprehension of men
of intelligence. We cannot, in view of the great
questions of legislation that force themselves upon
the consideration of the practical minds of the
country,over-estimate the value of the informa-
tion to be deiived from the ascertainment of the
-I population and the capacity and resouices of the
1 couutiy. A new census will furnish accuiate in-
formation in regard to the productive and unpro-
ductive wealth of the country, the changes which
have been wrought in manufactures and the me-
chanic arts, and the effects of the war upon our
population and resources. A census, 1 am con-
fident, will demonstiate theenergeticcharacterof
our people, and the facility with which they vary
their resources, in adapting themselves readily to
!! circumstances, and give confidence m our ability
!i to pay pioniptly the inteiests and principal of our
accumulating national debts. If the taking of the
'j census is postponed until 1870 we may be in
11 doubt ourselves touching the reality of our prog-
ress, and other nations may consider us as ex-
j! hausted and enfeebled by this long civil war. By
Ij postponing the taking of the census to 1870 we
\\ lose the opportunity of ascertaining the real and
il immediate influence of this state of war on 'he
progress of our numbers and resources, as the
rapid changes incident to the return of peace serve
to obscure the real effects of the war. It is espe-
cially important not only to know the degree of
prosperity or adversity attending the people, but
to understand how much of either is due to the
state of war and what the result of the condition
of peace.
The resources of the nation are better ascer-
tained by a census which is not used directly as
a basis of taxation than they are by any system
of inquiry adapted directly to the attaining of
revenue; so is a census of population more val-
uable as to the number of men of military ages
than is any system of enrollment. The experi-
ence of other nations demonstrates the truth of
this proposition. Many deeply interesting social
questions will be solved by a census taken in
1865, after, as we hope, the close of this gigantic
war. The determination to take the census then
will show to the world that the American people
entertain no fears respecting the developments of
a census. I move the reference of this resolution
to the Committee on the Judiciary, an'd commend
it to their careful consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATMENT OF PASSENGERS ON THE ISTHMUS.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the President of the United St.ites be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate, if not incompatible
with the public interest, any correspondence received from
the United States consuls at Panama and Aspinwall, New
Grenada, in lelation to the abuso and maltreatment of pas-
senger, seamen, fiiemen, &.C., on board steamships plying
between New Yoik and A&pinwall.
PASSENGERS ON OCEAN STBAMEKS.
Mr. NESMITH submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Commerce he instructed
to mquiie if any furthei legislation is necessary lor ihe pro-
tection of passengers and seamen on boatd ocean fctc.iniejs.
MESSAGE I'KOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiikrson", its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fal-
lowing bills and joint resolutions; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 32) to regulate the sessions of the
circuit and district courts for the northern district
of New York, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 307) to regulate commerce among
the several States;
A bill (No. 393) for the relief of Peter Navarre;
A bill (No. 452) to grant a pension of eight
dollars per month to Harris Welch;
A bill (No. 453) to increase the pension of
| Isaac Allen;
A bill (No. 454) grantmga pension to Thomas
Booth;
A bill (No. 455) to punish and prevent the
| counterfeiting of coin of the United States;
| A bill (No. 456) for the relief of the Mercantile
I Mutual Insurance Company of New York;
A bill (No. 400) for the relief of Sarah Rob-
i inson, widow of Hon. John L. Robinson, late
! United States marshal for the district of Indiana;
| A bill (No. 465) for the relief of Deborah Jones;
| A bill (No. 466) for the relief of the widow of
! C. A. Haun;
I A bill (No. 467) for the relief of Mary A. Hyde;
| A bill (No'. 468) to amend an act for the relief
of Valentine Wehrheim, approved June 12,1860;
I A joint resolution (No. 63) to settle the account
of James Keenan, late consul at Hong Kong,
China; and
A joint resolution (No. 74) referring the claim
of J. II. Clark & Co. to the Court of Claims.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 139) for the relief of Margaret M.
Stafford, widow of Reuben Stafford, of Coshoc-
ton county, Ohio;
A bill (No. 197) for the relief of Charles L.
Nelson; and
A joint resolution (No. 37) for the payment of
expenses incurred by the joint committee on the
conduct of the war.
Also, that the House had passed the i osolution
of the Senate referring the claim of .Charles P.
Curtis to the Court of Claims.
