1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
this " cruel war" can be arrested, if the people
fiiif to overthrow the ruling powers at the ap-
proachingelection. All discussion of even a basis
of settlement is cut off, and all talk of an honof-
able adjustmentof the issues involved in the war
is stifled by the insolent and overbearing majority
ki Congress, whose political supremacy depends
entirely upon a continuance of the war in all its
gigantic proportions. It is for this reason that
no olive-branch, other than the President's absurd
and unlawful amnesty proclamation, has ever been
held out to induce repent-ant rebels to lay down
their arms and return to the protection of the old
Union, while the repulsive features of the confis-
cation act impose upon them the necessity—ay, the
necessity, of continuing to fight to escape sectional
humiliation, personal degradation, and absolute
pecuniary ruin!
Think you, Mr. Chai rman, that eight million
white men of the " genuine breed and blood" will
ever, oven though they may be overcomo by our
military power, consent to reunite with us in a
common Government upon any other than terms
of equality? Think you, sir, that they can by
any privation be compelled to embrace the con-
dition which the amnesty proclamation imposes,
of swearing to support the unconstitutional negro
edicts of Mr. Lincoln,or to yield support to State
constitutions framed under the direction of the
Federal Executive, na a condition precedent to
the enjoyment of their rights to representation in
Cohgress and their relief from the rule of an ar-
bitrary military Government? I much mistake
the southern people, Mr. Chairman, if they would
not prefer the extermination our friends on the
other side of the I-Io use tal k of, to sueh cond it ions;
mid I fancy if we arc to wait for puice and re-
union until the rebels are brought to such tonus,
millions more of troops will have to be laisedand
new punting presses will have to be supplied for
the manufacture of bonds and "legal tender" to
meet the expenditure.
It seems to me, sir, that if the President had
desired to render peace and reunion impossible he
could not have accomplished his purpose more
completely than he has by the terms of his amnesty
proclamation-, foi nobody will for a moment *up-
pose that t he whi te men of the reh< I States, aftet t lie
determined msisiaoce they have made, wdl ever
consent (n yield up their property nnd make oath
to sustain such usurpations of theirconstitutiomil
rights a  (he price of the free suffrage which be-
longs to every citizen.
The President's assumption of power to pre-
scribe conditions for the exercise of the elective
franchise, by designating who shall be voters m
any State, is a feature in his reconstruction policy
which can never be tolerated by A^neiican free-
xnen, North or South. Suffrage is a matter that pe r-
tams exclusively to the State governments, and no
" military necessity" can warrant the " war pow-
fir"in encroaching upon it m any degree. Neither
Congress, the President, nor any other national
power is authorized to interfere in any manner
"With the fiee suffrage of the people; and the Presi-
dent's amnesty proclamation in this particular is
simply the arbitrary assumption of a prerogative
as foreign to ins powers as the Chief Executive of
the nation as it is to his attributes as Commander-
/n-Chief of the Army.
Mr. Chairman, I am further justified in assum-
ing that the Republican party intend to prolong.the
war until the wretchedness, poverty, and humilia-
tion of every man,woman, and child m the South is
fully consummated, or the white race extermin-
ated, by the circumstance that the President and
his advisers have entirely lost sight of the indis-
putable tact that no union, however formed, can
be of any value to the people, or amount to any-
thing as a national governmental organization,
which is not made acceptable to the groat body
of the white people who compose the population
oC the pow disaffected States—so far, at (east, as
those States are concerned. It is perfectly safe
xo say that no one tenth of the voting population
of any State will be permitted by the other nine
tenths to control its politics, if the spirit which
the southern people have manifested in this rebel-
lion is any index of their true character. Indeed
they would shame their lineage if they should
submit to any such humiliation. A majority of
the people living in the " reconstructed"States"
proponed by the President must participate, upon
equal terms, in organizing any new Government
to bo set up, or such Government cannot be ex-
pected to stand a moment longer than its authority
is enforced by military power. Even when the
Federal authorities shall have completely over-
powered the physical resistance of the rebels, a
majority must then be found willing to acquiesce
and cooperate in any effective Government which
may be set over them, or a new rebellion for its
overthrow will be the consequence. All pretended
civil government in the southern States will be
a mere farce ifexternal military power be required
to sustain it (as in Louisiana and Alabama, for
instance,) against the will of a majority of the
people
This war, Mr. Chairman, has not been carried
on with a proper appreciation on the part of the
Administration of the fact that it is a civil war,-
and the belligerents fellow-countrymen, who are
again to form one people. The truism uttered by
the President in his inaugural, " that after much
fighting peace must come," for the reason that
" we cannot fight always,'' has not been kept so
prominently in view by the managers cf this war
as it should have been. We seem not to have
sufficiently regarded the fact that in case the rebel-
lion is conquered, the masses of the people whom
we now regard as traitors,and their descendants,
are to live with us and our children in all after
time, under a common Government. For this rea-
son, if no other, the war should have been carried
on with a view to preventthe growth of the rank-
ling hatred toward us, which the policy of the
Administration has engendered. The southern
soldiers whom our armies encounter in battle are
our countrymen, with whom we hope to reestab-
lish ftatomul relations in Government, trade, and
social intercourse, so soon as they come ton real-
izing sense of their wickedness and folly in at-
tempting to destroy the Union and set up another
national Government within the territory of the
United States. Instead of permitting this consid-
eration to soften the asperities of the conflict, the
Administration policy has rather augmented its
vindictiveness and multiplied the atrocities which
have characterized us progress, as though the two
sections of our country now at variance are to re-
main implacable and unreeoncilublo enemies for-
ever! Instead of a policy of warfare intended to
secure the respect of the misguided men who have
assailed the Governmentand win back their affec-
tions, through a renewed love for our glorious
old Union, the Administration has deliberately
adopted otic calculated to intensify their hate and
render indelible a harrowing remembrance of the
wrongs they claim to l^uve suffered at our hands.
Instead oi extending to them the olive-branch and
laboring to convince them that their best interests
would be found in the Union, and that their hap-
piness and prosperity as a people would be best
promoted by laying down their arms and resum-
ing their allegiance to the Federal Government,
we have rather sought to irritate and exasperate
by destroying private property in the progress of
our armies through their territory, by emancipa-
tion proclamations,by propagating negro equality,
and by confiscating enactments, entirely incon-
sistent with the idea of future association and in-
teicourso as fellow-citizens of the same country.
To nic it would seem as if nothing calculated to
generate sectional hatred, arouse bad blood,pro-
voke a spiiit of revenge, and stimulate the worst
passions of an excitablc and sensitive population,
and give vigor to the rebellion by uniting all the
people ofthe South in hostility to the Government,
had been omitted on the part of the Administra-
tion during the progress of this war. A different
policy might have worked out a different result;
but since we have striven to provoke their hatred
and nnbittcr their animosity, we will necessarily
have to deal with implacable foes, when after
much fighting we'reach that period of negotiation
referred to by the President m his inaugural.
Those who have guided the Government in its
work of devastation and confiscation, who have
directed its violation of the Constitution m ship-
ping the southern people of their rights, and its
violation of God's laws of humanity, who now
urge upon it the barbarity of exterminating the j
white race in fhe insurgent States, and of desola- j
ting one third of this continent, are nothing else ]
than dlsunlonists. They are as much enemies of 1
the Government and the country as the rankest j
secessionists of the South; and the policy of war- I
far* they advocate will do more to preventthe res- ■
toration of the Union tHan all the military power
tire confederates can combine. In fact, Presi-
dent Lincoln's proclamations have already done
more to recruit the rebel armies and sustain the
rebellion than anything the rebels have themselves
done; and the negro legislation of Congress and
its confiscation enactments can have no other effect
than to render an honorable peace and ajrestora-
tion of the Union utterly impossible* until,
through a revolution in the public sentiment of
the loyal States, thepresentoccupantof the prcs-^
idential chair can be constitutionally unseated,
and a majority in Congress secured who will not
hesitate to set aside the paper proclamations ot
the President, and expunge from the statute-
book the whole series of unconstitutional laws
which have been feeding the fires of the rebellion
and fanning the flames of secession, making rec-
onciliation, peace, and union still more difficult
when the fighting shall be finished by exhaus-
tion and we proceed to the inevitable negotiation
spoken of by the President in his inaugural.
There is no use, Mr. Chairman, in attempting to
escape the fact that the great body of the people
in the rebel States must be reconciled to the con-
dition of living under the Federal Government
with us. This reconciliation would not have been
difficult if the war had been prosecuted in strict
accordance with the pledges of the President at
its commencement, and upon the theory of the
Crittenden resolution. The masses of the people
whom we now justly regard as rebels were
duped into rebellion and Ueason by the misrep-
resentations of their leaders. They really have
no ambition and no interests hostile to the Fed-
eral Union, and if their constitutional rights can
be guarantied to t hem, it will not, even now, I ap-
piehend, be "difficult for them to bec<5me our
friends, and to learn once more to respect the old
national flag, and to rejoice as of old in the pros-
perity and glory of our common country.
Either through th* severe discipline of the war,
the magnanimity of the Government, or a ra-
tional conviction of duty on their part, the rebels
now in arms against the Union must be converted
into true and loyal citizens of the United States.
When that shall have been accomplished, and
not till then, peace will spread her wings over
our now distracted country, and our Union will
start anew to work out for the benefit of universal
humanity the great problems presented by a free
Government in which the people hold the sover-
eign power.
At the outset of this rebellion, Mr. Chairman,
it is conceded that the President was correct when
he stated his belief that in no State save South
Carolina were a majority of the people in favor
of the secession movement. There can be no
question of the fact that the South was carried
out of the Union against the wishes of a majority
of its people. Now, after three years of bloody
and devastating war, the end of which no man can
foresee, the people of the seceded States are un-
questionably very near a unit in hostility to the
Government. What has produced this change
in the popular sentiment of the South ? Nothing
but thcproclamations ofPivsident Lincoln and the
threats of the Government to sweep away all the
constitutional rights of the southern people, and
to confiscate their property. Originally, seces-
sion was set on foot by a few political dema-
gogues, ambitious for power, with whom a ma-
jority ofthe people in whose behalf they professed
to act did not sympathize. But the unconstitu-
tional policy of the Administration with regard
to the negro, who should have been studiously
kept out of the fight, and the threats of confisca-
tion, soon changed the current of popular feeling
in the South, so that the people who at first ab-
horred secession and loved the Union, when they
discovered that the war was to be carried 011 for
the enfranchisement of the negro and the seques-
tration of their property, and not for the Union,
were driven for self-protection into the ranks ot
the rebellion en masse. Thus it was that the
South became united in support of the schemes
of their designing politicians, and secession was
able to present a front so formidable that with
all our power and resources we have not yet been'
able to penetrate it.
In the outset the President himself professed
the Democratic doctrine of non-intervention with
the negro, but the fanatics finally succeeded in
getting him off thp track; and when he consented
