8250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J une 25,
Affairs shall be adopted, so that everybody may
frafe- a bearing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
,man from Indiana will recollect that this propo-
sition comes from the Senate. It is not my
proposition. If the House sees fit to adopt the
Amendment which has been submitted by the
-Committee on Naval Affairs I have no objection.
Mr. LAW. i do not care where it comes
from. It is a local measure that ought not to be
-considered by the House.
Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois, The gentle-
man from Indiana will remember that I have
agreed that the proposition of the gentleman from
:Maine may he adopted, and give Evansville and
every other place a chance.
• Mr. LAW. What objection, I desire to know,
is there to the appointment of a commission ?
Mr. WASH.BURNK, of Illinois. I have said
over and over again that I have no objection to
it, and I presume there will be no objection to it
if we can haven vote on it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the evening ses-
sion be set apart for the purpose of debating this
question after it is disposed of. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAW. If it is understood that the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Maine is to be
adopted, I will not detain the House by further
remarks. Before yielding the floor, however,for
the purpose of allowing the claims of Evansville
to be placed before the House I will ask that the
memorial of the citizens of that place may be read.
The Clerk read the memorial, as follows:
MEMORIAI..
the chief commercial city of Indiana, the best silr
for the western navy-yard.
The mayor and common council of the city of Evansville,
Indiana, r^pfcctlully ie quest the congressional committee
charged witli the duty of locating a western armory and
navy-yard to visit Evansville, for the purpose of consider-
ing ittunpetior advantages over all other sites for the above
work*.
We take the liberty,-in a spirit looking 10 the general
welfare, tosu-jgest ih(': moie Ptuking advantages and facil-
ities presented hy Evansville for the location ot the proposed
nftvy-yard and armory. We also take great pleasure in tend-
ering to the committee the hospitalities ot the city and its
inhabitants duiing their sojourn With u^, pledging o'nn-elvcs
to furnish cvi-iy 1-ieihty for a lair and candid investigation.
Situation of Evansville,
, Evansville la the principal commercial citv of Indiana.
It i6 situated on the Olrio iiv r, in latitude 3a* 8' noith,
and 87° 29' west. The altitude at Evansville of the Ohio
river, at low-water mink, Is three hundred and twenty feet
aboVo the level of the Gulf of Mexico at the outlet of the
Mi:*&Usipp[ 
The city Is situated on ag elevated plain, or second bot-
tom of the Ohio river, and is ontnely above the highest
flood.
Geographical and geological location.
. Thegeoginphieal and geological location of Evansville
Is extremely tavorable to a huge commercial and manufac-
turing city, and peculiaily adapted for the me of the pro-
posed national works. It is situated about equidistant
from the falte of the Ohio and the mouth of the river, about
two hundred miles each way. Jt is almost the centet of
the great valley uf the Mississippi, and consequently of the
CTniou It iy above all serious obstiuctions in the Ohio
river, which is always navigable lor boats of all classes
from Evansville to the month. It po-se<se;< a river nont
Unsurpassed in beauty ol iueution and m excellence ol har-
bor. Jim below the city, at various points, aie locations
accessible to the largest boats, peifeetly adapted to a navy-
yard. Here vessels of any size may be launched with per-
fect uafety. In all stages of the river there is always fifty
feet of water la the channel,
Population, schools, lit ins;-
The population of Evansville is now about twenty thou
sand, and is steadily on the nioiease, its jnogreas lias
been remarkable. In IB 17 acitychaitoi wiw obtained,and
In 1850 the population wag about five thousand ; in 1857 it
was twelve thousand two hundred and fiftvj to davit i*
nventy thousand
Tne people of Evansville are Industrious, enterprising,
intelligent, and patriotic. The exi^rii 2 war has bi<m ht
many excellent citizens hither from Kentucky, Tennessee,
Aikansaf, Mississippi, aitd other States*. Evansville I.-.
noted for its excellent public schools, beins the only city
itt the State which now enjovs this piioeless advantage.
Tim operatives of the navy-yawl could, at rea^aable rate*-,
secure comfortable re&idonees, and their families could en-
jov, without charge, the inestimable benefit of a supetior
education. Theiatesof living here are as cheap as in any
City of the West.
Lines of transportation.
Evansville is the southern terminus of the great Wabash
and Eiie canal. This is the longest canal in the world-
four hundred and sixty-two miles. Its northern terminus
is Toledo, Ohio. It opens an outlet which, under proper
control and management, would most cheaply and conven-
iently trans-port tiu products ot the South to the northern
lakes.
The Evansville and OmwfordavIIle railroad, completed
to Boekville, Indiana, and passing thiough Terre Haute,
'pi on«> hundred and thirty-eight miles long. It connects
with the Ohio and Mississippi road at Vincennes, and
with the Terre Haute and Alton and the Terre Haute and
Richmond railroads at Torre Haute, which connections
furnish a railroad communication in every direction. This
road will shortly be extended to Attica, giving; a through
connection, with the Wabash Valley road, to the iHkes,
and thence ro New York. The Evansville, Indianapolis,
and Cleveland Sti night-Line railroad is graded to the
crossing of the Ohio and Mississippi railroad, and, it is
undeistood, will soon be completed to that point, opening
up a rich country, abounding in mineral wealth and the
most desirable timber. Green river penetrates the State of
Kentucky several hundred miles, and, with its tributaries,
is navigable, at all seasons, two hundred and ninety miles,
lis mouth is nine miles above Evansville and its trade
finds here its natural depot.
Evansville is also the natural depot /or the Wabash
liver. It empties into the Ohio forty miles below, and the
eaigoestran^ported down it are transhipped here for New
Orleans or New York.
Mineral and geological advantages.
Evansville is situated 011 a bed of coal. Just below the
city extensive mines have been opened, which furnish coal,
111 ordinary times, at seven or eight cents per bushel. Coal
is found all along the Ohio fiom Oannelton to Tradewater,
anil all along the Wabash and Erie canal for a hundied
miles, and all along Green river from its mouth to its fount-
ain. At Adria, on Green liver, sixty miles by water, is
established one of the largest iron vvoiks in Kentucky.
Near Hloomfield,on the Wabash ami Erie canal, is " ltich-
Jand Furnace," the largest iron works in Indiana, and sur-
rounded hy the largest deposits of iron ore in the State.
The slaty clays found along the southeastern and south-
western maigins of the Ohio river contain extensive de-
posits of clay imn^tone, an ore easily smelted into pig lion.
Valuable and extensive deposits of hydrated brown oxyd
of iron also exist in various places. Limestone is abundant
in the whole legion, and its hnpoitance cannot be overrated.
JTemp.
To n navy-yard, hemp is an important and indispensable
article. Kentucky piobably raises more hemp than any
other State. The natural depot of this article tor the most
productive part of the State is here. It comes to us in its
raw &tan , and is hence sent to Uoston, New Yoik, Phila-
delphia, and Noi folk, for manufacture. Why should not
the freight oil this bulky atticle. be eaved by the Govern-
ment, by it^ manufacture here? The hazaid and cost of
transportation would be saved to the grower, while the
Government would save the cost of transposition between
the manufactured article and the raw material. No city
furnishes greater advantages for securing this article than
Evansville.
Timber.
The region around Evansville abounds in the finest tim-
ber for naval puiposes. Along the banks of Green river is
found oak, chestnut, and luekoiyin inexhaustible quanti-
ties; and these timbers, of the best quality, abound all
through southern Ihdiana. Timbei can be floated to this
point from Green river and points above on the Ohio at
small cost, and can also be biought by rail and 011 the Wa-
bash and Etie canal.
Manufactories and machine shops.
Evansville is noted for the enterprise and sklltefits mnn-
ufaetmers and machinists. Here are many extensive saw-
mills and vast founderiesnud machine shops. Every spe-
cies of woikcau be turned out here as cheaply and as well
as anywhere on the continent. Skilled mechanics can be
had in any hianch of labor,
Cojtc/rmon.
Your memorialists, in conclusion, suggest for your con-
sideration the tact that the gieat West, on which this Gov-
ernment now leans for support, has never received fiom
the Government its propci share of national works. The
time has arrived when its rights, in view of the public in-
teiest,cannot longer be disregarded. The State ol Indiana
has not been an iinpoituu.ite beggar at the national Tieas-
uty. While she has fulfilled eveij obligation and performed
eveiy duty, she has pressed no claim andieceived no favor.
Her chief eomtneicial city speaks her voice to-day when
she proclaims that her people are I03 al, patriotic, and de-
voted to the IJmtm. In the name of the State of Indiana
we n«k that her services and lights may be recognized, and
th'ti the public interest, in which she has so vast a share,
may be served by the establishment of a navy-yard at this
herehiel commercial emporium. We do not wish to dis-
paiage the claims of other cities of Indiana ; hut it is plain
that their locations aie so far above the mouth of the Ohio,
and communication with them is so precarious, that the
location of such woiks <it any one of them is impractica-
ble. At this point, so convenient to Kentucky, so accessible
to all points on the Tennessee, Oumbeiland, and lower
Mississippi rivers, at this geographical center of the United
Slates, nt this point, in oui opinion, these works should
be located. It Is apparent that at this time, and in view
ot the probable future oourseof events,here is the place for
the western navy yard. W<* invite your candid attention
to this point, and wa are confident or your favojable judg-
ment. WM. BAKER, Mayor.
Attest: ADOLPH PFAFFLIN, Clerkr.
WM. DEAN,
JOSEPH. P. ELLIOTT.
JOHN A. BIRKENBUSCH,
JONATHAN NEWMAN,
HENRY SC11MUTTE,
JOSEPH OVERELL,
H. A. HOEESCHER,
FRED, W. COOK,
WM. MIDLS,
Afem&ers of the Council..
State of Indiana, Vanderburgh County,
City of Evansville, ss .*
1, Adolph PfaflJin, clerk of the common council of the
city of Evansville, do hereby certify that the foregoing
memorial was adopted and signed by the mayor and com-
mon council of said city, on the 1st April,-1864.
r ai Witness my hand and theseal of said city,hereto
I1-* S-J affixed, this the 1st dav of April, 1864.
ADOLPII PFAFFLIN, Clerk.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine by add-
ing after the word "tortuous/' the words "and
also the most approved site for a ffftyy-yard and
naval station for iron-clad vessels on or near the
Atlantic coast."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order, that the amendment of the-gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania's not germane to the
amendment nor to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Pike was
adopted.
1 he bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
rending; arid was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CONTESTANTS.
Mr. STILES, I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk be authorized and directod to
pay out of the contingent fund to John Kline and Charles W.
Canigan, contestants and claimants for seats in this House,
whose claims have been adversely decided, the usual pay
and mileage up to said adverse decisions, respectively.
Objection was made.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
half past five o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, June 25, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Washington, residents and owners of
property on C street north, between Second and
Sixth streets west, remonstrating against the pro-
posed charter for a double track street railroad
between the Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot
and the steamboat landing, running through the
limits of C street above described; which was
ordered to He on the table.
He also presented a petition of Rev. Byron
Sunderland and others, citizens of Washington,
praying that the running of street cars and th'e
sale of newspapers in the streets of Washington
on Sundays may be prohibited; which was or-
dered to he on the table.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of March 12, 1863, a statistical and
general report upon the value aYid present condi-
tion of our foreign and domestic commerce, in-
cluding that of the Pacific coast; and a motion by
Mr. Morgan that the report be printed and that
five thousand additional copies thereof be printed
| was referred to the Committee on Printing.
REPORTS FI10M COMMITTEES.
Mr. POSTER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 44S) to regulate prize proceed-
ings and the distribution of prize money,and for
other purposes, to repot t it without amendment,
and recommend that it pass. I will say, with the
leave of the Senate, in regard to this bill, that it
consolidates most of the acts now in force upon
the subject-matter of the bill, and is deemed by
the Navy Department, and by all who are con-
versant with the subject, as beingof importance.
It will save a great deal of money if it can he
passed during the present session. It has passed
under the supervision of the Department, and
also under the very close supervision of the judge
of the district court and the attorney for the dis-
trict of the State of Massachusetts, both of whom
