1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
are very familiar with the administration of prize
law. 1 shall call it up with the permission of the
Senate at an early day, and hope to have action
upon it before we adjourn.
Mr." SUMNER.. Iam directed'by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (H. R. No. 552) to increase the
salaries of the judges and arbitrators appointed
under the treaty with Great Britain for the sup-
pression of the slave trade, to report it without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it
pass. As this is a House bill, I think perhaps it
had better be acted upon now so that it may be
taken from our Calendar. It will take no time.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the present consideration of the bill?.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
TfiePRESlDENT protempore. Objection being
made, the bill cannot be considered to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill' (H. R.
No. 548) to provide ways and means for the sup-
port of the Government, and for other purposes,
reported it with amendments.
" HENRY W. DIMAN.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was re-
ferred the joint resolution (S. No. 6G) to provide
for the adjustment of the accounts of Henry W.
Diman, to report the same back without amend-
ment and recommend us passage. I ask for its
present consideration. It will create no debate
and no opposition.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the claims of
Henry W. Diman, late acting assistant paymas-
ter in the Navy, whose books and papers were
sunk and lost in a transport steamer in July, 1862,
in the Mississippi river, according to the prin-
ciples of equity and justice.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TI1E HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 190) to establish a navy-yard
and depot at Cairo, in the State of Illinois, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had passed the following bill and
joint resolution, in winch it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 438) to amend an act entitled "An
act to aid m the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 1, 1862; and
A joint resolution (No. Ill) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to reclaim and preserve
certain property of the United States.
NAVY-YARD AT CAIRO.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
of the Senate (No. 190) to establish a navy-
yard and depot at Cairo, in the State of Illinois;
and on motion by Mr. HALE they were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
. The joint resolution (No. Ill) authorizing the
Secretary of the Interior to reclaim and preserve
certain property of the United States, was read
twice by its title and referred to the Committee
OD the District of Columbia.
SALARIES FOR POSTMASTERS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to dispense with
all previous orders for the purpose of taking up
the bill in relation to the Post Office Department
which I called up the other day for consideration.
I fatvey there will bo no debate about it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 339) to establish salaries for post-
masters, and for other purposes.
It proposes that the annual compensation of
postmasters shall be at a fixed salary, in lieu of
commissions, to be divided into five classes, ex-
clusive of the postmaster of the city of New York.
Postmasters of the first class are to receive not
more than $4,000 nor less than $3,000; postmas-
ters of the second class are to receive less than
§3,000 and not less than $2,000; postmasters of
the third class are to receive less than $2,000 and
not less than *$1,000; postmasters of the fourth
class are to receive less than $1,000 and not less
than $100; postmastersof thefifth classare to re-
ceive less than §100. The compensation of the
postmaster of New York is to be $6,000 per an-
num, to take effect on the 1st of July, 1864. The
compensation of postmasters of the several classes
named are to be established by the Postmaster
General under the rules hereinafter provided.
Whenever the compensation of postmasters of
the several offices (except the office of New York)
for the two consecutive years next preceding thu
1st of July, 1864, shall have amounted to an aver-
age annual sum not less than §3,000, such offices
are to be assrgned to the first class; whenever it
shall have amounted to less than §3,000, but not
less than §2,000, such offices are to be assigned
to the second class; whenever it shall have
amounted to less than §2,000, but not less than
§1,000, such offices are to be assigned to the third
class; whenever it slrall have amounted to less
than §1,000, but not less than §100, such offices
are to be assigned to the fourth class; and when-
ever it shall have amounted to less than §100,
such offices are to be assigned to the fifth class.
To offices of the first, second, and third classes
are to be severally assigned salaries in even hun-
dreds of dollars, as nearly as practicable in amount
the same as, but not exceeding, the average com-
pensation of the postmasters for the two yeais
next preceding; and to offices of the fourth class
are to be assigned severally salaries in even tens
of dollars, as nearly as practicable in amount the
same as, but not exceeding, such average com-
pensation for the two yeais nextpreceding; "and
to offices of the fifth class arc to be severally as-
signed salaries in even dollars, as nearly as prac-
ticable in amount the same as, but not exceeding,
such average compensation for the two years next
preceding. Wherever returns showing the aver-
age of annual compensation of postmasters far the
two years next preceding the 1st of July, 1S64,
shall not have been received at the Post Office De-
partment at the time of adjustment, they may be
estimated by the Postmaster General for the pur-
pose of adjusting the salaries of postmasters
hereirf provided lor. It is to be the duty of the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office De-
partment to obtain from postmasters their quar-
terly accounts, with the vouchers necessniy to
their correct adjustment, and to report to the Post-
master General all failures of post masters to ren-
der such returns within a proper period after the
close of each quarter.
The second section provides that the Post-
master General shall review once in two years,
and in special cases upon satisfactory represent-
ation as much oftenerns lie may deem expedient,
and readjust on the basis of the preceding section,
the salary assigned byhnn to any office; butany
change made in such salaiy is not tt> take effect
until the first day of the quarter next following
such Older. And all orders made assigning or
changing salaries are to be made in writing and
recorded in his journal, and notified to tile Auditor
for tl'e Post Office Department.
The third section provides that salaries of the
fiift, second, and third classes shall be adjusted
to take eflfict nil the 1st of July, 1804, ami of the
fourth and fifth classes at the same time, or at the
ennt men cement of a quai ter as eatly as practicable
thereafter.
The foui th section provides that at offices which
have not been established for two years prior to
the 1st of July, 1884, the salary may be adjusted
upon a satisfactory return by the postmaster of
the receipts, expenditures, and business of his
office; but fifty per cent, of the gross revenue, of
such office is to be in all casts the largest amount
allowed to such postmasters for their salaiies,
respectively, except in cases where it shall be a
separating or distributing office, as piovided for
in the sixth section of this bill.
The fifth section provides that attbe post office
of New York and offices of the first and second
classes, the}
postmaster a just i .  
cessary cost, in whole or in part, of rent, fuel,
lights, and clerks, to be adjuate.d. upon a satis-
factory .exhibit .of .the facta, Ai "offices, ,ofj,tl}£
third, fourth, and .fifth classes, such expenses
are to be paid by the postmaster, except nspro-
vided in the sixth section; it being iutended. tbft
such allowances shall be made in accordance
with exfsting usages. ,
The sixth section provides that the Postmaster
General may designate certain eonvenienCofficea,
at the intersection of mail routes, as distributing
offices, and certain others aa separating offices;
and where any such office is of the third, fourth,
or fifth class of" post offices, he may make a rea-
sonable allowance to such postmaster for the ne-
cessary cost, in whole or in part, of clerical ser-
vices arising from such duties. .
The seventh section provides that all postages
and box rentsat postoffices, and all other receipts "
and emoluments at a post office, sliali be received
and accounted for as a part of the postal revenues!
and. any part thereof \vhich the postmaster ought
to have collected but has neglected to collecti3.to
be charged against him in his account, and he ig
to be liable therefor in the same manner "as if it
had Uteri collected; and he is to receive no fees
or perquisites beyond his salary. .
The eighth section .provides t&at the uniform
rate of United States postage,, without- reference
to distance, upon letters and other mailable mat-
ter addressed to or received.from foreign coun-
tries, when forwarded from or received in tha
United States by steamships or other vessels reg-
ularly employed m the transportation of the mails,
shall be as follows, namely: ten cents per single rate
of half tin ounce or under, on letters; two cents
each on newspapers; and the esiablished domes-
tic lates on pamphlets, periodicals, and other ar-
ticles of primed matter; which postage is to bo
prepaid on matter sent, and collected on matter
received; but these rates are not to apply to let-
ters or other mailable matter addressed to or re-
ceived from.any foreign place or country, to and
from which different rates of postage have been
or shall be established by international postal
convention or arrangement already concluded or
liereaftei to be made.
The ninth section authorizes the Postmaster
General to sell, or cause to be sold, to individuals,
cm porations,and business firms, postage stamps,
in quantities of not less tlian §100 in value, at a
discount notexceedmg five percent, from the face
value of such stamps, and to sell, or cause to be
sold, stamped envelopes, in packages containing
not less than five hundred envelopes, at a discount
not exceeding five percent, from the current prices
thereof when sold in less quantities.
The tenth section proposes to amend the twenty-
eighth section of tbe act entitled "An a t to amend
the laws relating to the Post Office Department,"
approved Murch 3, 1863, by the addition of tha
following clause, namely: And when any letter
bearing a request for its return to the writer, ia
ease of its non-delivery, shall have been so re-
turned to the office at which k was originally
mailed, then, and in that case, it shall be obliga-
tory upon the person to whom such letter has
been returned to receive the same, and to pay
therefor Lhe postage specified bythis section; and
in default of said writer to receive and pay for
the letter so returned, he shall be subject to a
penalty of ten dollars, to be recovered in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
The eleventh section provides that if any per-
son not authorized by the Postmaster General
shall set up or profess to keep any office or any
place of business bearing the sign, name, or title
of post office, every such person shall forfeit aud
pay the sum of §500 for every such offense.
The twelfth section provides that if any per-
son employed in any of the departments of the
post office establishment shall unlawfully detain,
delay, or open, any letter, packet, bag, or mail
of letters, with which he shall be intrusted, or
which shall have come to his possession, and
which aie intended to be conveyed by post,or to
be carried or delivered by any mail carrier, matt
messenger, letter carrier, route agent, or other
person employed in any of the d*martments of
the post office establishment of the United States,
or to be forwarded or delivered through or from
any post offiee pr branch post office established
