1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ENROLLED HILLS SIGNED.
The raessagefurther announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Presidentjrro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 38) to'authorize the settlement
of the accounts of A. Bush, late public printer for
the Territory of Oregon;
A bill (S. No. 76) relating to appointments in
the naval service and courts-martial;
A bill (H. R. No. 185) to establish a postal
money order system; and
A bill (Ii. R. No. 370) to appoint certain offi-
cers of the Navy.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dentofthe United States had approved and signed
on the 12th instant an act (H. R. No. 159) for a
grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State.
GENERALS SCIIENCK AND BLAIR.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to take up the resolution
which I offered on Wednesday last.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will be read before the question is put on
taking it up.
The Secretary rend the following resolution,
which was submitted by Mr. Davis on the 13th
instant:
• Whereas the President of the United States, In a com-
munication to the House of Itepiesentatives ot dure 28tli
of April ultimo, represents, "that ptior to and at the
meeting of the present Oongre*-i, Roheit ('. Sehenck, of
Oluo, and Frank P. Blair, jr., of Missouri, membeis-elert
theieto, by and with lite consent of the {Senate held com-
missions i'lom the Executive as major generals in the vol-
unteei army," and that "Geneial Schenck tendered the
icsignation of Ins&aid commission and took his beat in the
Hoiisse of llepiesentatives «'t the assembling therein, upon
the distinct vetb.il understanding with the Keerelaiy of
Wat arid the Executive that he might at anv time duung
the ae^ton, at his own pleasure, withdiaw said resignation
and return to the Held and whcicas the PiesiUeut in said
communication states further, that " General Blair wiii, hy
temporary agreement with General Sheiman, m command
of a ooips through the bat lies in fiont of Chattanooga, and
in the match to ihcn-lief of Knuwillc, which oecuned in
tin* lattei days of December last, and of couise was* not
piesentatthe assembling ot Congie^.s," and '• that when
he subsequently aruved heie lie soughtaud wa« allowed b\
tin* Sectotaiy of War and the Executive the same conditions
and piomises as allowed and made to General Schenck ;'5
and tin the*, that'' General 15Km hold1- no nuliuirv cuinni le-
sion ot appointment other than huem stated " Tlieieloie,
Be d i csolced, Tiiatthe arrangement atoiesaid. made by
tlie President and the Secretaiy ol War with Generals
Schenck and Dl.ur, to leceivc fiym them temporal lly their
commissions of major general, with discietion on their
part, at any time duiing this session of Congress to resume
them, was m derogation of the Constitution of the United
States, and not within the power of the President and the
Seeietary of Wai. or either of them, to make.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire the Senate to take
up a bill which I am sure will lead to no debate,
and which the Senator from Kentucky wants to
have passed as much as I do. If he will yield for
thatpurpose, I shall be very much obliged to him.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to debate this
lesolution; I only ask for action on it; but if the
bill of the Senator will not displace the resolu-
tion, I have no objection to its being taken up.
M r. ANTHONY. It will not displace this
resolution if the resolution belaid aside inform-
ally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is not before the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have a vote on taking
it up.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well; I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conner,
Davis, Ilaiian, llanis, Ilendiicks, Ilowaid, Howe, Lane
ot Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomeroy, Powell,
Ramsey, Richardson,Sumner,Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wilk-
inson, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Collamer, Dixon, Doohttle, Foot, Fos-
ter, Giiines, Ilrndernon, Morrill, Nesmith,and Willey—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Browit, Buckalew, Carhle, Cowan,
Fe*senden, Hale, Harding, Hicks, Johnson, McDougall,
Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wade,
and Wright.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no disposition to debate
the resolution. I have no doubt every gentle-
man in the Senate has his opinion formed, and 1
will content, myself simply by asking that the
vote be taken upon it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 propose an amendment as
a substitute which I think reaches the subject
more accurately. It is to strike out all after the
word " whereas,f> in the preamble of the resolu-
tion, and insert the following in lieu thereof:
Frank P. IJlair, a major general of volunteers, nominated
and appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, did, on the 1st day of January,
186-1, tender his lesignation of said office of major general,
winch lesignation was by order of the Piesident accepted
Januaiv 12, 1864, and the said Frank P. Blair, infoimed
thereof; and whereas the said Ft auk P. Blair afrerwaids,
on the 12th day of January, 1864, appeared and qualified
as a member of the House of Representatives, and entered
upon the duties thereof; and whereas the Constitution
expressly declares thatno person holding any office under
the United States shall be a meinberof either House during
his continuance in Office:" Therefoie,
Be it revolted, That the said Frank P. Bi.ur, by the tender
and acceptance ofhis resignation,and byappearing, quali-
fying, and becoming a member ot the House ol Itepiesent-
rittves, ceased to be a majoi general ol the volunteci ser-
vice ol the United States, and he id not entitled to the lank
and emoluments of that office.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will say a word on that pro-
posed amendment. The resolution which i have
offered in its preamble quotes all the facts in the
language in whio'h the President states them. It
has application to the cases both of General
Schenck and General Blair, and declares that
both arrangements, as recited by the President
himself "in his communication to the House of
Representatives, were in derogation of the Con-
sutution,und that it was not competent for the
President or the Secretary of War, both or either
of them, to make them. 1 desire that the reso-
lution shall meet both cases as they have been
given in their facts by the President to the House
of Representatives. The substitute lesolution
would be covered and comprehended, i think,
entirely m its effect by the resolution which 1 of-
fered. The other case is notreferred to or touched
in the substitute resolution, and therefore I think
it ou<*ht not to be adopted.
Mi. TRUMDUtL. The Senator fiom Ken-
tucky will allow me to suggest that he is proba-
bly aware that General Schenck has repudiated
any such understanding.
Mr. DAVIS. The resolution that I offered
does not pretend to assert as a fact that such an
arrangement was made between General Schenck
and the President arid the Secretary of War. it
does not pietend to decide the question of fact
between the Fiesident and General Schenck. It
merely assumes that the predicate of the facts
set foith by the Ptesident himself in his official
communication, shows a case of an ariangement
between General Schenck and himself, which he
had no constitutional power to make.
I have no inimical purpose either to General
Schenck or General Blair in tins proceeding.
Both the gentlemen I have known, and for both
oftheni 1 have a high personal regard. General
Blair is a gentleman of line military mind and
of the greatest gallantry. I have no doubt he is
eminently qualified for the place that he is now
acting in, but 1 do not believe that he is legiti-
mately and constitutionally in it. If he was, I
should be the last person in the Senate to disturb
him in possession of it. I only regret that he is
notlegiiimately and constitutionally in it. A gen-
tleman of more gallantry and of more capacity
for the command which he is now exercising I
have not the pleasure personally of knowing m
the Army of the United States. General Schenck's
statement I have no reason to distiust. But this
is not a blow offered at either of these gentlemen;
it is offeied at the precedent set by the Adminis-
tration. If the matter was to terminate here, I
should not have moved in it; but we all know
that precedent becomes law; and the4lict that a
precedent is vicious and unconstitutional does not
dctenorate from its force and its effect in assum-
ing the authority of law, especially after it has
been followed up m a few instances.
All that I desire to do is to meet the position
of constitutional power, which the President him-
self sets fojth as having been assumed by him
and the Secretary of War, and I merely want the
Senate to enter a negative to the existence of that
power invested by the Constitution in the Pres-
ident and Secretary of War.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, this pream-
ble sets out certain independent facts, of the ac-
curacy of which I doubt whether the Senate is
in a condition at this moment to judge.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say that if he will look at the'com-
muhieation of the President to the House of Rep-
resentatives he will find that the facts'set forth in
the preamble to this resolution: are verbatim et 1%te~
ratim the language of the President?" ' •
Mr. MORRILL. I am aware' of that," nfid
still I have always questioned the propriety oftfee
Senate of the UnitedStates, acting with anything
like a judicial judgment on the record of the ottfer
House, or on a record of any facts which Were
not found by its own committees. It will be geen
by the preamble that there are not only a variety
of independent facts stated here which are pre-
cedent to the resolution and upon which the res-
olution is founded, but those facts involve a va-
riety or persons, four partres at least, and three
of those parties are not made parties to the record
and have not been heard and are not parties to
that statement to which the honorable Senator
from Kentucky refers, and upon which he bases
both his preamble and resolution.
I submit whether it is not a little summary, to
say the least of it, that we should pass a resolu-
tion which is to bo in the form of a judgment to
affect the rights of at least threeparties who have
never made any communication upon the subject
and who are not included in any record to whifch
this resolution refers. It occurs totme that the
proper way if we are k> pass upon a matter of so
grave import as this is that itshould have atleast
the consideration of acomrnitteeofthisbody; and
I move, therefore, if the motion is in order, that
the whole-subject be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that mo-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER.. It seems to me the proper
committee for it is the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr MORRILL. It involves certainly a con-
stitutional question.
Mr. SUMNER. Not entirely. There isalso
a question of military usage under the Govern-
ment. It seems to me that any other proposition
relating to the Army of the United States, or legis-
lation in legard to it, might with equal propiiety
be referred to the Judiciary Committee. I think
it logically goes to the Military Committee.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator will find that
in the very phrase of the resolution the Senator
from Kentucky invokes the Constitution. The
action, he says, was " in derogation of the Con-
stitution of the Uriit6d States," certainly raising
a constitutional issue.
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that I shall
object to the reference of the resolution, and of the
amendment which I have offered, to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, or any other committee to
which the Senate chooses to send the subject; but
the question was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs by a bill introduced by me some
days ago. 1 had prepared this amendment to be
reported as a substitute for the original bill, but
my committee have not yet acted upon it. As
the resolution came up this morning at a time
when I did not expect it to come up, I moved the
amendment which I had intended to bring before
the Committee on Military Affairs to be substi-
tuted for the bill that I introduced some daysago.
If it is thought that this subject ought to go to
the Committee on the Judiciary or any other com-
mittee of the Senate for the purpose of more care-
ful examination, and for the purpose of reporting
the facts of the case, I shall not raise any objec-
tion. It is a very grave matter. There is no
question, I think, that the whole proceeding is
unconstitutional, a direct and palpable violation
of the Constitution. I do not wish to be hasty in
action, and I am for the most careful deliberation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have already had under
consideration this subject, and have had it re-
ferred to them directly. I myself do not see the
propriety of the motion of the Senator from Maine.
I do notknowthat there is any controversy about
the facts. He seems to suppose that we should
not act without an examination of the facts. If
there is anything wo can act upon, I should think
an official communication from the Executive of
the nation to Congress, stating certain facts, em-
braced all that we need know in order to predicate
action here. Does the Senator from Maine mean
to summon the President to ascertain whether
what he stated in his official communication to
