2276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Congress is true or not? The amendment offered
by the Senator from Massachusetts, and which
was the pending question before the Senate until
the Senator from Maine made his motion to refer,
states official facts only. Now, what has the
committee got to inquire into, I pray, when it
goes to the committee ? The fact is to be inquired
into. What fact is disputed? Is itexpected that
the committee is to do anything with it?
Mr. MORRILL. Does the Senator desire an
answer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what facts are to be inquired into.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state what occurred to
me on the first blush. This preamble makes the
Secretary of War and General Schenck parties to
a distinct arrangement which is denominated in
the resolution " in derogation of the Constitution
of tl^ United States." Does the Senator from
Illinois understand that there are any facts to au-
thorize such a judgment of the Senate as that?
I have not understood that the evidence which
the House of Representatives had before them
would authorize such a judgment. 1 do not un-
derstand that the House has passed such a judg-
ment. I do understand that the fact is very gravely
controverted whether General Schenck had any-
thing to do#with the matter at all. So far as he is
concerned, he certainly .denies it; and yet this
resolution involves General Schenck in this dif-
ficulty. The President, the Secretary of War,
Generals Schenck and Blair—here are four parties
at least equally implicated in what is denominated
"in derogation of the Constitution." I ask
whether the Senate is in a condition to pass that
judgment against these parties unheard? I sub-
mit, theiefore, to the honorable Senator from Il-
linois that the fact to be ascertained is, whether
any one or all these parties stand in the relation
to this tmnsaciion in which this lesolution seeks
to put them.
in regard to the committee to whom it shall
go, of course I have no particular preference. 1
indicated the Committee on the Judiciary because
Jt seemed to me to involve a constitutional ques-
tion, and I indicated that committee before I knew
that the Committee on Military Affahs had had
the subject under consideration, J did it for this
reason: iti passing on so grave a question as this,
placing three men, high in position, m the atti-
tude of having made an arrangement whicn in
the judgment of the Senate was a dishonorable
arrangement, or an arrangement in contravention
of the Constitution, it seemed to me the Senate
ought to bo cautious of its facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I underhand, then, that
the Senator from Maine denies the tiuth of the
allegations made by the Piesident of the United
Stales, that it involves the SecieUiry of War.
Does lie propose that the Senate shall undertake
an investigation of a matter of fact between the
Piosident and the Secretary of War? Will any
committee undertake any such thing* Has it
any authority to do it ? lie says the official state-
ment made to the House of Representatives in-
volves the Secretary of War, and he wants Jo know
the facts as to the poisons that are implicated. I
wish to know of the Senator from Maine directly
if he proposes that a committee of this body .shall
examine into such a question as that between one
of the cooidinate branches of the Government
and ti subordinate officer as to whether the state-
ment he lias made is the truth or not? Does the
Secrctaiy of War deny it?
Mr. Piesident, I am not (o be driven into a de-
fense of the lesolution which the Senator from
Maine has before him. 1 do not know that 1
shall vote for this resolution which has been of-
feied by the Senator from Kentucky. I prefer
the amendment which was oU'en-d by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and am disposed to vote
foi it; but f do not see why this resolution should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary to
investigate facts or to enter into the investigation
of a constitutional question. If there isany con-
stitutional question involved in jt upon which the
Senator from Maine supposes the J udiciary Com-
mittee would throw light, I really do not know
what it is.
The amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts quotes the very words of the Con-
stitution. The facts stated in theamendmentare
the official records of the country. 1 do not really
see what is to be investigated by referring the
subject to a committee. It seems to me the speed-
iest way to get rid of it would be to act upon it
m the Senate. That would be my view of it. But
if it is to be referred to any committee, the Sena-
tor ought to makeamotion to discharge the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, which has had charge
of the subject, if it is to be taken from that com-
mittee, from its further consideration. My im-
pression is, it would be better to leave it with the
committee that has had charge of it.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator docs notunder-
stand that the Military Committee has had charge
of this particular subject?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; a resolution or
bill on this very subject—I believe a resolution—
was referred to the Committee on Militaiy Af-
fairs some days ago, as 1 understand from the
chairman. This resolution comes up now offered
by the Senator from Kentucky; but it is of the
same character as that which has already been
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
' Mr. HOWE. 1 desire to inquire simply if the
motion of the Senator from Maine, if adopted,
will refer to the Judiciary Committee the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts as well
as the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, mi; it will cany the
whole subject there.
Mr. HOWE. lean only say that I hope that
refcience will be made, and I hope we shall have
a very full examination of the subject by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It strikes me as being
rather a grave matter that it should be asserted
publicly and very boldly that a man in military
command now of a corps, I believe, is a mere
private citizen; and such I understand to be the
proposition of the Senator ftom Massachusetts,
who is chanman of the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is a very grave assertion; and it is a
question upon which I should not desire, as a
Senator, to commit myself until I am compelled
to meet it in some jurisdictional way, and after a
very careful examination. The ulterior conse-
quences-resulting fiom such a fact may be very
momentous and very melancholy; and 1 think
we ou^ht to know at the earnest possible day
whether then* is any foundation whatever for
such an asseitiort. 1 hope the subject will be
referred to that committee.
Mr. POWELL. I concur very fully with the
views taken by the Senator ftom Wiacmsin.
This is a very giave matter, and, m my judg-
ment, it should receive an investigation at the
hands of the Committee on the Judiciary, and
they should make a report giving their opinion
ot the law of the case. As to the facts that present
themselves m the communication of the Presi-
dent, it is very clear that, the President indicates
there were arrangements with those two major
generals touching their coming into Congress and
afterwards resuming their positions in the Army
as major generals in the service of the United
States. There are grave constitutional questions
that present themselves in the eases of both those
generals. If Geneial Blair accepted the office of
a Representative in the Congiess of the United
States, that being an office incompatible with the
one of major general, the presumption is pretty
clear that ho vacated the oilice of mnjor general.
Geneial Schenck,as I understand, was elected
in the autumn of 18(W n njcmbet of the present
Congrees. The term-of that office commenced
on the 4th flay of March, JH03. From the pro-
ceedings of the Hor,«e of Representati ves ic. seems
that General Schenck stated, in a speech tbeie,
if I understood the speech correctly, that lie held
on to this^otiice of major genera! up to one or two
days befdfee the mt.oting of this Congress, and
that he reenved the pay of a major geneial in
the At my of the United States up to that time, his
office of a member of Congress having com-
menced on the 4th of Mai eh preceding. If he
held on to an incompatible office, and received
the pay and emoluments of that oilice for months
after his term as a member of Congress com-
menced, the question arises whether or not he
did not by that waive the acceptance of ins office
as a Repiesentative in the Congress of the United
States. That is a verygrave constitutional ques-
tion, one upon winch, 1 confess, I have not a
very distinct opinion, t certainly have an im-
pression upon it. As General Schenck, however,
is a member of the House of Repiesuntatives, it
would be probably more proper that the House
of Representatives should investigate that mat-
ter.
But it is set forth in the resolution of my col-
league that the President has acted in violation
of the Constitution in both these cases. We, as
a part of a coordinate br&nch of this Government,
are the guardians of the public liberties, and it
is our duty to look into tiiose infractions of the
Constitution. I hold that it is only by a faithful
observance of the Constitution that the liberties
of the people can be sustained or maintained. I
do not think there can be much doubt on the sub-
ject as to whether the acceptance of an incompat-
ible office vacates the one held. Upon the very
branch of the case that I have mentioned as re-
gards General Schenck, there is gteuter doubt.
But I hold that if the Executive, or any power on
earth, infracts the Constitution of this country,
it is the duty of this Senate to make manly pro-
test against it. I think this whole question should
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and they should giveitan elaborate investigation,
and report to the Senate their opinions, in writ-
ing, as to whether the Constitution has been in-
fracted or not. I hope, therefore, that the whole
subject will go to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that they will make a leport upon the case at
as oariv a day as possible.
Mr. MORRILL. I have examined the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts since i made my motion. My remarks were
applicable to the resolution offered by the Senator
from Kentucky. I do not think the amendment
offered obnoxious to those remarks; certainly not
to the general intent which they applied to the
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky. If
theif is a disposition to vote on the amendment,
I am disposed to withdiaw m y motion of lefeienue
to the Committee on the Judiciary for that pur-
pose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
• to refer is withdrawn.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 renew the motion to refer both
the resolution and the amendment to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; and upon that motion I
desire to say a single word. The resolution gives
lise to a very important constitutional question.
The Senator from Massachusetts suggested that
the piecedents in ielatiou to the practice of the
Government should be examined. I suppose that
the conclusion or the thought in lus mind was that
this act of the President could be sustained, but
upon that question, I think, there will be very
little contraiiety of opinion among Senators.
The question suggested by my colleague, how-
ever, is a much more important question than
that, for the reason that it is much more difficult
to decide, I think, and there will be a much giuater
variety of opinion and judgment in relation to it.
That question is this: whether when a man holds
a commission as a major general in the Army of
the United Status, and while he holds that com-
mission and is in the exercise of the office, he
becomes a candidate for Congress and he is elect-
ed, and after his election to Congress as a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives he holds on
to his commission and executes the duties of the
office of major general for five or six months,
whether this conduct does notainount to a waiver
and a forfeiture of his position as a member of
the Hous>e of Representatives to which ho is
elected. I am not prepared to answer that ques-
tion distinctly satisfactorily to my own mind. It
may be the one way or the other; but it is a ques-
tion of great gravity which in my judgmentought
to be investigated and repoited upon by the Conv
mitiee on the Judiciary after the maturest consid-
eration of the subject.
Mr. COZs'jN'ESS. 1 hope this resolution and
the substitute offered for it will not be referred a?
now moved by the Senator from Kentucky. If
the question stated by the Senatoi when just up be
involved, the question whether General Schenck,
while holding a military commission, could or
could not become a member of Congress, it ap-
pears clcarto my mind that that question belongs
io the House of Representatives, ot which he is
a member, and not to the Senate. That inquiry
is not pertinent here; and 1 am utterly opposed to
any inquiry upon this subject relating to General
Schenck. We know that General Schenck is
a member of the other branch of Congress. \Ve
also know that he is not m commission as a mil-
itary officer. The case of General Blair is a
