THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
fronting the huge national debt which has been
heaped up'for future generations to pay, any de-
fects that may have been discovered m the funda-
mental law under which we live and under which
we must thereafter live in peaceful relations, and
in the amendment of which all have aright to par-
ticipate, may then be remedied in the manner
therein prescribed, so as to meet the present views
of a-majority of the Sta{es. If need be that Af-
rican slavery shall be prohibited, let the Consti-
tution be go amended, legally, as to prohibit it in
all the Sta.t«s. In my view, this is the only proper
and effective way to get rid of slavery legitimately
'and peacefully. It would, no doubt, accomplish
the emancipation our friends on the other sidepro-
' fess to be coiitendingfor, without the further shed-
ding of blood or destruction of property. But as
' legal emancipation in that way would be of no ben-
efit to them in this election it is idle to hope that
they'will embrace it.
Mr. Chairman, I am one of those who believe
that if the Administration had adhered to the
spirit of the President's inaugural, and confined
itself to the objects of the war as set forth in tlie
Crittenden resolution, the rebellion'would now
have been at an end, with the old Union restored
and the vacant seats in this House and the Sen-
ate filled with loyal representatives from all the
States now in antagonism with the Government.
I also believe, that had the amnesty proclamation
which accompanies the President s message now
under consideration, contained no other require-
'ment than unconditional submission to the laws
'and theConstitution of the United States, it would'
have been more powerful for the extinction of the
Rebellion and the restoration of the Union than
the half million men who are now being gathered
for the further prosecution of this abolition war,
and the two hundred thousand more who are to
be drafted in April. The effect of such an offer
to the rebels would have been to scatter their ar-
mies, the rank and file of which are probably by
this time ready to abandon the secession enter-
prise upon any honorable pretext, to avoid further
sacrifice s in a fruitless effort to acquire the inde-
pendence of their so-called confederacy, provided
they could return to their allegiance as they only
honorably can, with their constitutional rights
unimpaired. I am sustained in this view by an
intelligent correspondent of the Now York Her-
ald, who has just returned from a year's captivity
in the South, whose interesting narrative was
published this week in that journal. In speaking
of the feeling prevalent am'on^ the most intelli-
gent citizens of the South with whom he con-
versed, he pays:
" Some of thorn have also told me that n full and com-
plete amnesty to alI engaged In the rebellion, and n repeal
of the confiscation act, might have a tendency to end the
war immediately. ' It' you would only do that,' said a
r«bet officer who lieltl a high command, (I believe there
would scarcely be it southern soldier under arms in thirty
days. But the last'amnesty proclamation of Mr. Lincoln
defeat# the object sought to be attained; for it excludes
from clcmency the very men who have the power to dis-
perse the armies.' 'If a universal amnesty were pro-
claimed,' he repeated, 'T believe there would scarcely be
a BODthem soldier under amis in thirty days.'"
There is a world of truth and sound logic in
this brief extract from the returned prisoner's
narrative.
The untenable position of jthe President, that
the rebels can only be restored to citizenship, and
allowed the right of suffrage, by swearing to sup-
port an abolition proclamation which he had no
authority to issue, but increases the difficulties
that prevent a reconciliation of the rebels to an
abandonment of their insane struggle for inde-
pendence. Although it is probable that two years
ago the rebel leaders might have scouted the idea
of a "compromise" with the Government, and
would not have lisiened to any terms of peace
short of the recognition of their independence, it
by no means follows that they would not now
" take the back track" and permit their States to
resume their [duces in the Union, if such terms
could Ue obtained as would leave them in the same
position, as to thftw rights under the Constitution,
which they occupied at the time they so wickedly,
foolishly, and causelessly resorted to arms. They
possibly now perceive the eiror of their move-
ment, and would, pet haps, return at once if a way
were opened for them to conciliation without.deg-
radation. They are now holding out against a
Government which threatens their extermination;
Which axacis of them a sacrifice oflbuii property;
which imposes upon them degrading conditions,
and proposes to overturn their entire social sys-
tem, demanding of them an oath to relinquish
their property, their constitutional rights, and to
yield support to State governments organized by
one tenth of their population! Can we expect
that they will submit to such repulsive conditions?
Ought we to expect it ? Their only alternative is
to fight on until more aeceptable terms are offered;
and that, I apprehend, is more satisfactory to the
blood-thirsty politicians who are " running" this
Administration -than would be, their most abject
submission, for it insures a continuance of the
war, and supplies them with political capital for
the irnportant election now before us.
This glorious Union, so long the pride and
glory of the friends of civil and religious liberty
throughout the world, founded in compromise,
concession, and conciliation, maintained in like
manner for three quarters of a century, and which
can only be perpetuated upon the same just prin-
ciples, 13 now sought to bo sustained, not by the
willing support and free consent of a majority of
the people, but by an unyielding proscription of
one section, by despotic edicts, and by a total
disregard of the rights, interests, and, I will say,
prejudices, which our fathers thought it expedi-
ent to recognize, consult, regard, and conciliate,
when constructing the Constitution which se-
cured to us the best Government the world ever
saw. To be entitled to the protection of that
Constitution, the work alike of the North and the
South, and to share in the blessings which it
showers upon all who repose beneath the shadow
of our flag, the people of one section of our ter-
ritory, loyal men as well as rebels, are required
by the Administration not only to yield up their
property, but to swear that they will support the
unauthorized, oppressive, and unconstitutional
edicts of the President, which they abhor. The
fiat of abolition has, however, gone forth, and
the people are notified by the organs of the Ad-
ministration upon this floor that so long as a ne-
gro remains in bondage the war must progress,
and the red harvest of death-be continued. Civil
liberty is now dethroned, State constitutions and
State laws arc overridden, while the Federal Con-
stitution is nullified and the laws of Congress set
aside under the plea of "military necessity"
whenever they are found to stand in the way of
the plans and policy of the Administration. No
man's rights are safe from encroachment, and
personal liberty, in loyal as well as rebel States,
depends upon the will of the despots who have
set aside the Constitution, ignored the laws, and
usurped arbitrary power. There is no habeas
corpus, and there is no citizen in any State who
is not liable to arrest at any hour of the day or
night without legal process,without being charged
with any offense or crime, without being apprised
of the cause of his arrest or being allowed to in-
form his friends of the fact of his being in cus-
tody. He is audaciously kidnapped and incar-
cerated in some remote fortification or prison.
He suddenly disappears from among his friends,
is mysteriously absent from his business, nobody
knowing what has become of him. His family
are in distress, and days pass before it is ascer-
tained that he has been stealthily spirited away
by the minions of power and imprisoned in Port
La Fayette, the Old Capitol, or some other bastile
where the victims of the reigning despotism are
kept in close confinement until it pleases the pow-
ers that be to discharge them, with or without
trial as they may' please. Cases of this kind,
Mr. Chairman, are too numerous and too well
known to particularize, and very many more than
have been made public have transpired.
Sir, the remedy for these evils and the only
escape from the despotism that now holds sway
is first to be sought at the ballot-box in the great
political contest now before the country. The
peaceful strife at the polls in November will be
pregnant with more important results to this coun-
try and the cause of civil liberty throughout the
World than all the bloody.battles that have been
or may be fought in our efforts to subjugate the
South and give freedom to the negro race. If the
people fail m this constitutional mode to rescue
the Government from the hands of those who now
wield its power, and leave the country to suffer
four years more of the policy that now prevails,
I, fop one, shall cease to hope for anything short
of the utter ruin of the American Republic.
THE KKBELLION.
Mr. ECKLEY. More than three months have
elapsed since we first met as members of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress. During that time I have
heard what has been said, and witnessed what has
been done. No Congress ever met with greater
responsibilities. A war, greater in magnitude than
any the world ever saw, is raging around us, deal-
ing out its untold calamities, and leaving behind
a train which the pen of the historian will grow
weary in attempting to describe, and, sick and dis-
couraged, will give itup in despair. Butif reason
had ruled our counsels, and able, faithful, and
patriotic men had been intrusted with the admin-
istration of the Government, this war with its long
train of evils could have been avoided.
For more than a quarter of a century the States
now in rebellion had been preparing for the over-
throw of the Government. Through the means
of a powerful political organization they had done
much toward effecting their diabolical purpose.
By that means they had annexed Texas, had in-
augurated a war with Mexico, had attempted to
spread African slavery over all our Territories,
had tried to keep young California out of the
Union as a free State, and had broken up that
time-honored compact, the Missouri compromise,
that the black pall of human slavery might over-
shadow the virgin plains of Kansas, and had held
up the threat of civil war as the consequence of
opposition to these measures.
The fearless love of freedom of the bold adven-
turers on the Pacific coast for a time postponed
the evil hour by the formation of a free State with-
out the aid of Congress. The vigorous emigration
to the fertileand inviting regions of Kansas drove *
out the hordes of bandits and lawless vagrant*
who, as the emissaries ofthe southern States,were
attempting by violence to carry out the folly of
Congress and defeat the will of the people of that
Territory by trampling down their most sacred
rights, which were guarantied to them by the Con-
stitution ,and secured as an inheritance by the God
of their fathers. In despite of their organized ban-
dits, their acts of lawlessness, of fraud, perjury,
and murder, she emerged from the flames puri-
fied by the fire, and laid at the feet of the Govern-
ment her free institutions, and demanded a place
in the sisterhood of States, with a constitution
prohibiting slavery forever.
The southern States were, through the means
of southern conventions, attempting to control
the commerce of the country and to prevent their
people from trading in northern cities. Southern
men were seeking seats in Congress for the avowed
purpose of bringing about a dissolution of the
Union. While these things were taking place a
close political organization goyerned the Demo-
cratic party both North and South. They acted
together and voted side by side. If one faltered
he was denounced and expelled from his party.
The unprecedented acts, the revolutionary
measures of the South, alarmed the North, and
they attempted to arrest them in their wild and
dangerous conduct, proposingno means not clear-
ly within the Constitution; for they had a right
to say that the annexation of Texas was unwise,
that a war should be avoided,and thatourTerri-
tories should be free.
These eventful things had now passed, and the
shock of the excitement had not impaired the
power of the Government. Its departments, ex-
ecutive, legislative, and judicial, were in full force.
Through the political organization of southern
rebels and northern Democrats every department
of the Government was under their control when
approached the great struggle of 1860.
History hasalready recorded the misplaced and
betrayed confidence of the country At this im-
poitant time the robber's hand held the purse-
strings of the nation; thieves occupied the Cabi-
net; treason unrebuked bpldly proclaimed itself
in the Senate and in the House; weak imbecility
filled the Executive Chair, and corruption stalked
boldly forth at noonday.
_ In this condition of things came the day of po-
litical trial, when, in the manner prescribed by '
the Constitution, the present able and patriotic
Chief Magistrate was chosen President of the Uni-
ted States,and the power departed fromtlieSouth.
The southern States now set about their diabol-
ical work. One after another they declared their
ordinance of secession, placed themselves in open
hostility to the Government, disregarding its laws
