254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. WILSON. I think we can finish that bill
to-day in a short time.
The motion was agreed to.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OP MR. DAVIS.
Mr. DAVIS. I move now that the resolution
for my expulsion be made the special order, I will
say for Thursday next, so that I may not inter-
fere with the pending bill, or with the matter that
relates personally to the Senator from Delaware.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky moves to proceed to the consideration
of the resolution for his expulsion.
Mr. DAVIS. "With a view to postpone it.
The motion to take up the resolution was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
now before the Senate, and the Senator moves to
postpone it until Thursday at one o'clock, and
make it the special order for that hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Kentucky and to the members of the Senate
whether it is not better to refer the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] at
once to the Judiciary Committee, and thus mako,
a step in advance in that matter; and if it is agree-
able to the Senator from Kentucky, as he has been
heard at some length on the subject, I will submit
the motion that the resolution be refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with a view to ob-
tain a report from that committee before any fur-
ther action shall be had.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not the slightest objection
to the suggestion made by the Senator ft om Ohio.
I would as soon the matter should take that course
as any other. All I desire is that the Senate at
an early and convenient day shall take action
upon the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN, Tlmtcoursc will probably
expedite the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is un-
derstood to make a morion to commit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
^The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky withdraws his motion to postpone.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOSTER.
motion to
the subject should be sent to the Committee on
the Judiciary; but I confess that I do not see that
there is any question of law involved which, ac-
cording; to the usage and practice of the Senate,
would require any preliminary action by that
committee. There is no doubt about the facts
of the case. But at the suggestion of Senators
around me, 1 make no opposition to the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope, Mr. President, this
resolution will not be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I cannot perceive what bene-
ficial results can flow from such a reference. 1
cannot perceive what light the Committee on the
Judiciary can thiow upon it. The Senatoi from
Kentucky is charged with having introduced into
the Senate a series of resolutions containing,
among other things, the expression which is the
foundation of the motion to expel him. 1 do not
understand what new light it is possible for the
Judiciary Committee to thiow upon that expres-
sion or upon any other portion of the resolutions
of the Senator from Kentucky than sue!) as may
be contained on the face of the paper itself. If I
thought that any extiancous facts could be pro-
cured which would throw any light on the sub-
ject, either in favor of the Senator from Kentucky
or against him, I certainly would not object to
the reference; but the whole thing is embodied in
the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky.
For whatever i eason the Seriate may see fit to pass
the resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
for his expulsion, that reason is found in the reso-
lutions of the Senator from Kentucky themselves,
and no extraneous facts, so far as lean perceive,
can be of any weight or influence in the investiga-
tion , or in the discussion of the subject before the
Senate. It seems to me, therefore, that such a
leference would be entirely nugatory, and unpro-
ductive of any beneficial result, and hence I hope
the resolution will not be icferred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Every Senator must
judge for himself as to the sufficiency or insuffi-
ciency of the accusation brought against the Sen-
ator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Pic.snlent, I do not dtsire
that there should be any reference of the lesulu- !
)STER. I do not wish to oppose this
■ refei if it is the sense of the Senate that
tion offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
and I do not see any propriety in, or any good
result that can flow from, its reference. I have
no objection, however, to that course being taken;
I have no objection to any course that it is the
pleasure of the Senate to take in relation to the
matter. All that I desire is to have reasonably
prompt action by the Senate upon the subj-ect.
For my own part I would prefer that the matter
should be acted upon by the Senate without a ref-
erence; but any course which the Senate deems
it proper to take on the subject of the resolution,
so as to insure a reasonably speedy action upon
it, will be satisfactory to me, if my pleasure is to
be consulted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see any object in
committing this resolution to the Committee on the
Judiciary, unless it is the desire of the Senate to
get rid of it. There is nothing in the world for the
committee to investigate. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has offered, certain resolutions in the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts moves to expel
him from the Senate on account of matter con-
tained in those resolutions. Now, what is there
for the committee to investigate ? As has been very
properly remarked by the Senator from Michigan,
every Senator will judge upon his own responsi-
bility w hether he is to vote forthe resolution ofFered
by the Senator from Massachusetts or not. There
can certainly be no inquiry to be made by the com-
mittee.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont intimates that there may be. I do not know
what it can be. I do not know how we are going
to enlighten the Senator from Vermont or any-
body else by taking'the resolution down to the
committee room and reading it over there. What
report are we to make?
Mr. COLLAMER. You will find out all about
that. The Senate have great confidence in your
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It really looks to mo more
like shuffling the resolution out of the Senate than
anything else.
Mr. COLLAMER. You will bring it back
again.
The motion to refer was agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 24, noes 15.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now move that the res-
olutions of the Senator fiom Kentucky be referred
to the same committee. They involve a great
many constitutional questions.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACT.
On the motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the biil (S. No. 36) to
amend an act entitled " An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses,"approved March 3, 1863.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
oidori'ng the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing. It is, however, still open to amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I think there is a necessity for
a slight amendment in section four after the word
u draft" in the eighth line. I move to amend by
nisei ting the words " notexceedmg three years."
Mr. WILSON. That makes it conform.
Mr. CLARK. It makes it conform to another
section, and I believe theie is no objection to it.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is suggested to me by a
Senator more conversant than myself with the
construction of statutes, that the fifth section,
which was amended on my motion by inserting
the proviso at the end of the section, would read
better if the substance of the proviso was embod-
ied in that part of the section to which it applies.
I therefore move to strike out the proviso, and to
insert after the word " calls," in the eleventh line,
the following words:
Hut not until tho piesent enrollment shall be exhausted,
and this, exemption *halInotc\eced tiie tcuu fur which buch
peit-on shall have been chatted.
It is the same thing, except that this language
is put in a different part of the section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator pro-
poses a more transposition of a sentence. That
change will be made if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none. The amendment is agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. When the bill was in Com-
mittee of the Whole, I voted against the amend-
ment to place ministers of leligion in the class of
non-combatants, because I thought it had better
not be in the section where it was, with the pro-
vision exempting persons conscientiously scrupu-
lous of bearing arms.
Mr. SUMNER. What section is that?
Mr. ANTHONY. Section nineteen. I will
now offer the followingamendmentas anew sec-
tion:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That all persons recognized as
ministers of religion by the ecclesiastical authority of the
denomination or communion to which they belong, and who
have actually been ordained as such, when called into the
military service under the piovisions of this act, shall be
considered non-combatants, and shall be employed as chap-
lains or in hospitals.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since we have retained the
commutation clause, there is no good reason for
allowing ministers of the gospel to be exempted
from duty. I have received a letter from the bishop
of Ohio, who is very much in favor of exempting
clergymen, but, he says, since the commutation
clause is retained—it makes no difference as to the
amount—he believes the clergy are perfectly will-
ing to pay their commutation if their religious scru-
ples or their religious duties will not allow them to
go into the field. I therefore see no occasion for
putting ministers of the gospel on the list of non-
combatants. They, themselves, do not claim to
be non-combatants, and I do not think they ask
this privilege since we have retained the commu-
tation clause. I shall therefore vote against any
such exemption.
Mr. HARLAN. And in addition to the reason
suggested by the Senator from Ohio, I will remark
that this amendment, if it should be adopted,
carries with it a disability. It provides that these
parties shall be regarded as non-combatants and
put to service in the hospitals. In point of fact,
there are many men recognized by the religious
societies with whom they worship as ministers,
who are serving in high positions in the Army.
I know of one who arranged the order of battle
at the last great buttle fought near the capital, the
battle at Gettysburg, an ordained minister in good
standing in the church of which he is a member.
Such a man might be drafted, and the Governor
of the State might desire to appoint him to the po-
sition of corporal, or lieutenant, or captain, or col-
onel, and the President of the United States might
desire to advance him to a higher position 
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, I will remove that objection by substituting
the word "may" for "shall."
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think that will re-
move the difficulty. That will be a question, how-
ever, for lawyers to settle.
Mr. President, there is no good reason why an
able-bodied man, who is an ordained minister,
should be compelled to serve in a menial capacity
any more than gentlemen who are licensed to prac-
tice law or those who are licensed to practice medi-
cine. They do not request it themselves, and we
ought not to impose on them such a disability.
Then, again, this amendment provides that they
may serve as chaplains. This is a bad way, as
it seems to me, to select chaplains, to select them
by lot. Whynotselectyourcommissariesoryour
quartermasters in the same way, and say if any
dealer in provisions shall be drafted he shall be
regarded as a non-combatant and shall serve as
a commissary of subsistence? The law as it now
stands places some guards around the selection of
chaplains. It provides that they shall be recom-
mended by the denomination of which they are
members, or by at least five ordained ministers
of the denomination with which they worship.
This amendment provides that they may be se-
lected by lot. I think that in every respect the
amendment is an improper one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer another amendment,
to insert the following as new sections:
Jimt be it further enacted, That any person diaftnd into
the military service of the United States, who is conscien-
tiously unable to perform military seivice, or pay commu-
tation therefor, by reason of lus lehgious scruples against
bearing arme, may apply by petition to any judge of any
courtot the United States for the circuit or di^tiiet wherein
he lesides, setting forth the fact*; whereupon the said
judge shall pioec-ed summarily to hear arid determine the
ease; and if it •shall appear that such petilion is tiue, and that
sueh petitioner shall have maintained a consistent charac-
ter m accoj dance with his well-known teligious professions,
