1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
find defying its power. Civil war had actually
commenced,and Sumter was reduced. Tile Pres-
ident elect, amid threats of assassination, reached
the capital, and organized his Administration;
but the Treasury had been robbed, our arsenals
were empty, our Navy scattered, while the cap-
ital itself was beleaguered and threatened by an
army of rebels.
During this eventful chapter of high-handed,
bold, and treasonable designs, neither the Presi-
dent, Senator, or Representative sounded any note
of alarm, or employed any means, orsoughtany
aid, to arrest the murderous hand, now raised to
take the life of the Governmentand plunge us into
civil war. What patriot but must blush at con-
duct such as this? What American but regrets
the day when such a party held the power of the
Government? And what philanthropist that will
not weep as he looks over the graves of the mighty
dead, visits the scenes of deadly conflict, or pon-
ders over the broken circles and bereaved hearth-
stones of those who have suffered by this terrific
war, which might have been prevented by the
party then in power? A party that now coolly
asks to be reinstated in the administration of the
Government; that proposes to restore a country it
has distracted; to give peace to a weary people
that it had broken up; to enforce the laws, the
majesty of which they had disregarded, and re-
store a Constitution, the powerof which they had
  contemned. But how do they propose to do
it? By a dishonorable compromise, giving up the
•ontest, and recognizing the independence of the
southern confederacy. Such a profanation of the
temples of civil liberty could receive naught but
the indignant scorn of the American people; the
heart would sicken at the spectacle; the world
would judge us unworthy of free government;
and the doom of anarchy and ruin would be our
inheritance; while the progenitors of the destruc-
tion of such a Government as this would live in
history as the Ephesian incendiary, immortal in
infamy. They would take their places side by
side with Cromwell, Catiline, and Judas, would
live despised by the good and the great, scorned
by the world, and at whom the beasts as they
passed would turn up their noses in disgust.
Tho commotion in the country indicated its
only course, that was, to bury past political dif-
ferences and tioite all parties in putting down the
rebellion. The Republicans, then holding the po-
litical power in mostof the northern States, aban-
doned their organization, and with them united
many loyal Democrats and what remained of tho
American party, and formed the Union party that
holds now and is destined to hold the power in
this Government.
The remnant of the Democratic party, such as
is represented on the other side of this Hall, re-
fused to coalesce to save the country. Party with
them was paramount to every other considera-
tion. They had been weakened in the Worth by
the loss of the loyal men that had acted with
them. They were further divided by the acts of
the rebel States. Their great power was in the
South. And the northern and southern wings
were now sepaiated from each other. In battle
array stood great armies between them; yet who
has not marked*Pne wonderful coincidence of
thought and expression of the remote sections of
this great party? The South claimed that they
possessed the constitutional right of secession;
and Mr. Buchanan said the Government had no
power to coerce. Jefferson Davis charged that
our Army went South to murder and plunder;
and it is repeated here that the mission of our
Army was blood and famine. Davis said that the
arrest of citizens was a violation of their consti-
tutional rights; it is repeated from this Hall that
arbitrary arrests are unconstitutional. Davis said
that the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus by
the President was without the shadow of author-
ity; and we hear it declared here that the only
safeguard of the citizen's liberty has been tram-
pled down. The southern rebels say that our re-
sources are exhausted, and that bankruptcy was
staring us in the face. The same thing is ampli-
fied in this House. Mr. Voorhees said;
" Our fall fiom bounding wealth and unlimited resources
to pinched and shrunken poverty and cowering bankruptcy,
is as certain and as fatal under our present policy as the
fall of Lucifer, tho morning star, from heaven."
The rebels say that the President is exercising
a more despotic power than any crowned head of
Europe. It is said in this House by Mr. Voor-
hees that—
" It will not be long if our present career is unchecked
until the terms dictator, king, and emperor will be as
familiar in Washington as in the palace of St. Cloud."
The members of the confederate congress say
the South is powerfully supported in the North
by the conservative Democratic element that will
come to their relief. It is said here by Mr. Voor-
hees:
"And I here to-day, in the spirit of one who cxpects and
desires his posterity and theirs to live together in the an-
cient and honorable friendship of their lathers, warn the
southern people not to look forward to separation and in-
dependence. but to embrace every opportunity for cooper-
ation with the conservative men of the North, who will
aid with their lives, if need be, to secure thorn all their
rights and institutions "as free and equal citizens of the
United States.5'
The Richmond Enquirer declares that the
North, distracted, exhausted, and impoverished,
will, through the agency of a strong conservative
element in the free States, soon treat with them
on acceptable terms. - The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] declares that " we
will have to treat with the rebels, that the war
was 'commenced without cause, and continued
without glory, and will end in disintegration and
destruction if carried on for another Administra-
tion. Peace mustqome!" Davis said in a speech
before the Legislature of Mississippi that " on the
other side of the river our prospects arc brighter
than ever before, and ere long lie hoped that we
would be enabled to proclaim Missouri free.
Kentucky, too, was an object of solicitude to
him, and he spoke of her gallant people in the
kindest and most commendable terms." And
my honorable colleague [Mr. C. A. White] earn-
estly declares that " we can never conquer the
South, and we must compromise." The rebels
charge that "this is an inhuman war waged
against the institutions of the South;" and forty-
two members of this House solemnly resolve that
this is an inhuman war, and they might have
added the words of Mr. Fernando Wood, " com-
menced without cause and prosecuted without
glory."
I might collect the sentiments of those at Rich-
mond and here until I could fill a volume, in which
the most discriminating mind could not detect a
difference. Indeed, a stranger, if he listened to
tho debates here, would think himself in the con-
federate congress. I do not believe that if these
Halls were occupied to-day by Davis, Toombs,
Wigfall, Rhett, and Pryor, they could add any-
thing to the violence of assault, the falsity of ac-
cusation, or the malignity of attack with which
the Government has been assailed, and the able,
patriotic, and devoted men who are charged with
its administration have bfen maligned in both
ends of the Capitol. The closing scenes of the
Thirty-Sixth Congiess, the treasonable declara-
tions theie made, contain nothing that we cannot
hear in the freedom of debate without going to
Richmond or to the camps of treason, where most
of the actors in those scenes are now in arms
against us.
Many of the errors of our lives are attributed
to the weakness of our nature, the impressions of
association, and the early influence of education.
It has much to do in forming our characters and
making us useful and wise. • The same causes
may produce the converse of these. None under-
stood that better than did the southern politicians.
For more than half a century they had labored,
and not without success, to indoctrinate tho coun-
try in the baneful doctrines enunciated in the cele-
brated Virginia and Kentucky resolutions of
1798, which contained the veriest poison to stable
government, and was nothing more and nothing
less than the doctrine of secession, as claimed by
the rebel States.
For years the Democratic party had exhumed
this heresy from the rubbish to which the good
sense of mankind had consigned it, and through
the influence of southern politicians made it a car-
dinal doctrine of their political faith. I propose
to read the resolution adopted by the convention
that nominated Mr. Buchanan in 1856:
" That the Democratic party will faithfully abide by and
uphold the principles laid down m the Kentucky and Vir-
ginia resolutions of 1793, and the report ol Mi. Madison,
made to the Vilgmia Legislature in 1199; that it adopts
these principles as constituting one of the main foundations
of Its political creed, and is resolved to carry them out in
their obvious meaning and import."
The party that could solemnly pledge itselft©
the support of such a doctrine, so dangerous anfd
treasonable as that, is to be deplored. When it
was yet young, its fearful character called out
from the shades of retirement, in the evening of
his eventful and honorable life, that igtern patriot
and orator, Patrick Henry, that he might cause
to be wiped from the records of his own Common-
wealth that foul stain that the traitor's hand had
placed upon it. Before he accomplished the work
of regeneration he died. The resolutions lived,
nursed and fostered by a political party and used
as a shield and protection for every traitor that was
found defying the power of the Govern meat. To-
day we are reaping their bitterfruits. Thefieldaof
carnage, the scenes of blood, the bereaved widow,
the weeping maiden, and the heart-broken orphan,
all point you to the fruits of the doctrine of seces-
sion contained in that damnable heresy that to-day
the rebel States are attempting to carry out by the
physical power of arms. Up to this hour the
Democratic party, though divided, have not re-
canted, either North or South, this treasonable
doctrine. There it stands, as much the creed of
that party to-day as it was the day they proclaimed
it to the world. No one can fail to see the evil
consequences of such a doctrine when carried into
practice. It was conceived in fraud and it closes
in blood. For its wickednessitis doomed to per-
ish, and with it shall perish also its advocates.
The justice of the world, the peace of mankind,
and the judgment of experience have doomed
them to political death, and that host of conquer-
ing heroes who now hold every field on which
their gallantry was displayed or glory won, will
consign them to a sepulcher so deep that the hand
of resurrection will never reach them.
Another reason is given why we should submit
to dishonorable terms of compromise: that is,
the pecuniary difficulties and the inability of the
Government to carry on the war; an allegation
that is not true. It is as dangerous to our pros-
pects to declare that we must call back our armies
because we have not bread to feed them or gar-
ments to clothe them as it is to declare that we
have not men to continue the contest. Either
would be injurious, and both are false. We have
both men and means. Our whole agricultural
region is full; our factories and workshops sup-
ply our wants and glut the market besiue with
their surplus. Indeed, sir, we could withstand
a famine almost as long as that which God sent
on Canaan. Our hills are covered with our gam-
boling flocks, and our valleys are musical with
the lowing of our herds; our storehouses groan
beneath their loads of cereal grains; our fields
are green with hope and promise; and a mil-
lion "of men but await the call of their country
to put on the panoply of war., The most for-
midable navy the world ever saw rides out upon
the ocean, guarding our four thousand miles of
coast, and piolecting our commerce on every sea.
Our material resources are so great that they as-
tonish even ourselves. A country so vast in
magnitude, so fertile in productions, and so rich
in natural advantages, was never the boast of
any people. The agricultural productions alone
of our country amount to tho enormous sum of
$3,000,000,000 per year; our works of art pro-
duce per year $3,000,000,000 more; our commerce
and publtcimprovementsadd their $4,000,000,000
to that.
And there is still another branch of our wealth
not included in the above. In the report of the
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia it appears
that the receipts of bullion for the year ending
October 10,1861,amounted to $121,000,000. The
recent discoveries of gold in new regions will add
largely to that, and we may safely count on the
receipt of §200,000,000 per year. With these
vast resources who but those in sympathy with
the rebellion would intimate our inability to carry
on this war to a successful and honorable term-
ination? None but those with whom the wish
is father to the thought. We could carry a debt
five times as large as that already incurred, a con-
dition of things by no means desirable, but'bst-
ter for us and far better for our posterity than
to leave them without a Government or country
with the present debt upon them. The present
debt is not greater in proportion to the resources
to meet it than was the debt of Pennsylvania or
Ohio in 1841.
The war has, in my judgment, progressed with
