2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
high opinion of him, and 1 did not dream until
it was done that he was capable of acting in that
way. He got Pmckney to write a long letter to
me requesting me to see the Secretary of the Navy
and get permission to withdraw his resignation,
and in that letter Pinckney said he wrote as he
was authorized—and I have no doubt he was, for
he was a man of unquestioned veracity and high
honor in every way—that under no possible cir-
cumstances would he ever raise his arm against
the Government under whose flag he had fought
so long and which had showered upon him so
many honors. Not satisfied with writing the let-
ter, to which I replied by saying that I did not
think it could be done, he got Surgeon Pinckney
to come over in person to renew the request, and
I went to the Department, not, I confess, with a
view to urge it, because I would not have done it
if Ih£il> been the Secretary, and said so to the
Secretary; but I did not find that the Secretary
thought there was any difficulty in the matter so
far as the question of law was concerned. He
said what he did say precisely upon the same au-
thority upon which the Secretary ofWarspoke,
that is to say, that the usage of the Department
had been to allow resignations to be canceled in
that way,and 1 think several cases have occurred
in the Navy in which that usage has been con-
formed to. For one, I repeat that I confess i do
not see how it can be legally done, but I may be
mistaken as to that.
Under these circumstances, however, I submit
to the Senate whether it is not due to the Picm-
dentawlto the War Department that the ques-
tion itself should be examined by some commit-
tee, and that we should come, if we can come, to
such an opinion as, while it may perhaps settle
the usage in the future, will not cast a slur upon
the President or upon tha1 Department. I have
no doubt that in acting as they did in this and in
the other cases they acted under a full belief that
they were authorized so to do.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to state m a word
the view 1 entertain of tins question. I do not
understand what the Senate have to do, strictly
speuking, with this matter. These oilieors aie
either legally in commission or they are not. The
question is strictly a legal question. These men
have an office in their commissions. Then-com-
missions are in their hands, and they can only
be taken away from them by the decisions of
some legal tribunal upon a proper question being
raised. We may differ. Some Senators may
suppose these officers are entirely wrong in at-
tempting to exercise the authority conferred upon
them by the commissions. Others may think the
contrary. If we pass either of these lcsolutions
we only give our opinion, which can have no
other effect than to influence the mind of a coor-
dinate hianch of the Government by what they
possibly may consider an improper interfcience.
So it stiikes my mind. I am willing at all times
to assume the responsibility either by the way of
legislation or in any other way upon appointments
properly made to the Senate to vote as 1 think
right and proper; but I do not know why 1 should
be culled upon merely to oxpicss uiy opinion
upon a question which is not to be binding, and
ought not to be binding, except so far an the Pres-
ident mny consider it as advisory, and he shall
be influenced by it.
This is the view I take of the matter; and why
should we refer it to a committee to have a le-
port upon it'* We are not asked by the Presi-
dent, who confided this commission to General
"Blair, for our opinion. It is not the case of a
new appointment where the Senate have a consti-
tutional light to advise in relation to the propri-
ety or the impropriety of the appointment; but
it is the case of an officer in commission at the
head of a e.orps on the field of battle. The Senate
here volunteer to pass a resolution or to enact a
law legislating a man out of lus position, to take
away the question from the judicial tribunals
of the country and undertake to settle it our-
selves. That is the way in which it strikes me.
Therefoie I am opposed to the proposition, al-
though I may entertain the view, and do, in re-
lation to one of the parties, that a majority of
Senators do, that the party is not legally in the
service.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall vote
first for the substitute offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts, because 1 think it piesents the
question more plainly apd distinctly than the
original resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
and it confines the question exclusively to the
case of Major General Blair. I do not think that
the Senate have anything to do with the question
as it relates to General Schenck. But it is quite
apparent from what has been already said on this
subject that there are considerations of constitu-
tional law of great weight, not to say perplexity,
connected with the issue, and I think that it is
due not only to the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment, but to ourselves firstly and principally,
that we should not act without full and complete
deliberation on a question of so much gravity and
importance. 1 confess, for one, that f have been
all alongunder the same impression with the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland in regard to the
effect of a resignation of a commission. I have
supposed that the tender of a resignation by an
officer, whether civil or military, to the President
and its acceptance by the President, terminated
the incumbency of that officer completely, and
that he was no longer an officer, and could not be
restored to his place without a reappointment in
due form of law. I may be mistaken as to this.
It may be that there has been a usage prevailing
with the Executive Government of so long stand-
ing, and therefore so important, as to give a prac-
tical- construction to the Constitution in this re-
gard. If there be such a usage the Senate ought
certainly to be willing to take cognizance of it
and ascertain what it is, how old it is, and to what
cases it applies, and what its effect is, We ought
to be fair to all parties concerned in this matter,
and I shall therefore vote to refer this question to
a committee for the very purpose of having the
whole subjcct fully and carefully investigated;
but I must at the same time say that I do not
place so much weight on the objection that Ma-
jor General Blair took his seat in the House of
Representatives as some other Senators seem to
do. As at present advised, I do not, I must con-
fess, perceive that his taking his seat in the House
ofRepirsentative.-* necessarily terminated his com-
mission as a major general ipso facto, in and of
itself, without any further act. I wish to be en-
lightened on that pat ticular point. I wish to con-
sider the question deliberately whether the act of
the officer, situated as he was, of taking his scat
in the House of Representatives did of itself term-
inate his office. The Constitution declares that
" no person holding any office under the United
States shall be a member of either Uouse during
his continuance in office." One point is taken,
if I understand it properly, to this eflect: that
Major General Blair if he had not previously re-
signed his ofiice to the President would, on taking
his seat nt the House of Repiesentatives, by that
act have terminated his office of major geneial. i
s«y that 1 am anxious to be enlightened on that
question of constitutional law. 1 am not, I must
confess, at this time piepared to say that that
simple act did terminate lus office of major general;
and, situated as the whole question is, I think, in
fairness to the Executive Government and out of
a proper regard to ourselves, we ought to investi-
gate both the usage and the question of law by a
committee prupeily oiganized.
Mr. MORRILL. M i. President, lest 1 should
be misunderstood in \v ithdrawing my motion for
reference, I desire to say now, if I did not state
then, that my object in withdiawing the motion
was that we might vote on the amendment with
a view of moving a reference of the question upon
that subject instead of the subject m its present
condition; and I am satisfied from what has been
said here this morning that we ought not to con-
sider this question without reference to a com-
mittee. It is too giave a matter, in my judgment,
after what has been stated as the unifoim action
of the Government, to pass a resolution of the
character even of that presented by the chairman
of the Military Committee.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, when the war
commenced it was the judgment of the Adminis-
tration that a member of Congress could not be
appointed a general in the service without vaca-
ting his seat. A general's commission was offered,
I think, to Colonel Baker, but he, wishing to re-
tain his seat in the Senate, did not accept jt. He
acted, simply as a colonel under the appointment,
I believe, of the Governor of Pennsylvania. I
know that there were other cases where the ques-
tion came up, and it was decided that a member
ofCongress could not be appointed a general with-
out losing his seat in Congress. That decision
was in harmony with the provisions of the Con-
stitution.
Sir, it appears that General Blair resigned his
commission as major general early in January,
1 think on the 1st day of January. On the 12th
day of January his resignation was accepted by
the President, and he was notified of that accept-
ance. On that same day he was sworn in as a
member of the House of Representatives. If he
had not resigned as major general, the moment
he was sworn in as member of the other House
his commission would have been vacated. There
cannot be any doubt of that. On a call of the
Senate for a list of the generals, General Blair's
name was returned to the Senate as having re-
signed, and all the vacancies were reported as
filled. We had the whole number of seventy
major generals, without including him, and his
name was put on the list as having resigned. In
fact, the Administration informed the Senate, in
answer to the resolution of inquiry, that we had
seventy major generals, all that the law allowed,
and that General Blair was not counted among the
seventy major generals. He occupied a seat in
the House of Representatives for several months,
and has not yet resigned it. He left his scat m
the House of Representatives a few days since,
and his commission was handed bock to him, and
he has gone to Missouri, if notto the field. Now,
the question is, had the President the authority
to hand him back his commission after he had
resigned it and taken an office made incompatible
by the Constitution of the United States?
I think the question of resignation and the
question laised as to the practice of the Govern-
ment aie matters of trifling moment. I appre-
hend that on investigation Senators will find that
a case like this has never arisen in the history of
the country where a military officer has taken an
incompatible office and his place has been filled
in the service, and then his commission has been
handed back to him without submitting his name
to the Senate for confirmation. Important prin-
ciples are involved; and if my amendment be
adopted, which really brings before us the only
matter we can inquire into, 1 shall have no objec-
tion to its going to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
As to the question in regard to General Schenck,
whatever conversations may have been had in
regard to his resigning his seat and returning to
the military service, he does not propose to ac-
cept any commission or to go back into the ser-
vice unless his name goes before the Senate. He
does not claim his commission back again. There
is no question that has arisen in regard to the
case of General Schenck, and there is nothing to
inquue into. My amendment, therefore, presents
the only question that is at issue. That question
before the committee will be, if wo refer it, whether
a general in the service of the United States can
resign his commission, have that commission ac-
cepted, be notified of its acceptance, acccpt a seat
in the Senate or House of Representatives, and
then, after his place in the service has been filled,
resume his commission at the will of the Presi-
dent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Kentucky
[Mr. Davis] to refer the resolution and amend-
ment to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CONNESS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalevv, Oollamcr, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittie, Foot, Foster, Hale, flams, Henderson,
Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Kansas-, Morgan,
Morrill, iVe.smith, Powell, .Richardson, SauKhury, Van
Winkle, ,Wade, and VViiley—-21.
NAYS—Met-sis. Chandler, Ciark, Conncss, Fessenden,
Ilarlan, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blown, Carlile, Cowan, Grimrs,
Hard tug, Hicks, Hovve,Lane of Indiana, MeDougalI,Riddle,
Shermans Sprague, and Wright.
So the resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
D. FITZGERALD AND J. BALL.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary be directed to request the
Ilou^e of Representative*, to returji to the Seriate, billS. No.
