>0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18.
by one resisting the enrollment, that killing would
be murder, unquestionably, I take it, and would
be punished as such, under our State laws at least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania is undoubtedly right; it would be mur-
der, but it would not be an offense cognizable in
the United States courts. It would be murder, I
doubt not, under the laws of all the States; but is
it best that it should be left there ? The object of
this amendment is to give the United States courts
jurisdiction of the higher offense as well as the
lesser one. The bill already provides that if a
person resists an officer in the execution of this
law he maybe punished by fine and imprison-
ment in the United States courts. Suppose the
resistance is such that it occasions the death of
the officer, as has been the case in some instances.
Opposition has been made to the execution of this
law in some cases which has resulted in the death
of the officer, and it has occurred in localities
where no fair trial can be had in the State court.
It is in those very localities where the resistance
is to be found. There are counties where you
could not get an impartial jury to try the offender
under the State law. Is it not appropriate and
proper that a man who resists an officer of the
"United States in the discharge of his duty and
kills him in that resistance should be tried before
the tribunals of the United States, where you may
get a jury from the State at large? It seems to
me most appropriate and proper that the United
States courts should have jurisdiction of such a
case, but I am not aware of any law, and I think
the Senator from Pennsylvania will not be able
to find any statute of the United States, that pro-
vides for such a case. Unquestionably the of-
fender would be liable to indictmentand trial and
punishment under the State law in the absence
of any law of the United States on the subject.
Hence I think there is a necessity for such ri pro-
vision as that introduced by the Senator from
Michigan.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know that I have any
particular objection to the amendment. As the
Senator supposes that a new remedy will be of-
fered by it for such an offense as this, certainly
I shall not resist it. I am satisfied, however, theie
is ample remedy now in the State laws. There
might be a conflict of jurisdiction by transferring
the remedy to the United States courts. The
States mio-lit claim it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me nsk the Senator,
how could theie be a conflict of jurisdiction on the
higher offense more than on the lesser one ? You
now provide punishment by imprisonment in the
penitentiary and by fine for resisting an officer
wheie death docs not ensue.
Mr. COWAN. Because m the lesser one it is
not an offense by the State law. That is propeily
cognizable in the United States courts, lam not
afraid that the man guilty of murder while in the
execution of an unlawful act will ever be unable
to get a fair trial in a State where you can make
a draft at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Surely my friend from
Pennsylvania does not mean to say that assaulting
a person is not an offense by State law. This bill
provides aheady for punishing the poison who
assaults another. That surely is an offense by
the State law.
Mr. COWAN. Unquestionably.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Veiy well. Then we have
already provided in the bill to punish those offen-
ses, which would be offenses under the State law,
of a lessor irrade than murder.
Mr. COWAN. I mean to say thatassaultinga
person for resisting the enrollment undei the law
of March 3, 366*3, was not an offense against the
United States although it was an offense against
the State law, and State laws punished that offense
when the courts of the United States had no juris-
diction over it and could afford no remedy.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Piesident, the offense
cieated by the amendment 1 have offered is this:
in older to constitute it there must be forcible re-
sistance and obstruction to the officer executing
the couscuption law,and thatforcible obstruction
or resistance on the part of the offender must pro-
duce or result in the death of the officer or other
peison employed in the execution of the statute.
This offense is declared in the amendment to be
murder, and is made punishable with death.
Itis undoubtedly very true, as the Senator from
Pennsylvania says, that in ail the States murder
is punishable. But the Senator certainly cannot
be ignorant of the fact that the law of murder is
different in different States. For instance, the
rule relating to and defining the crime of murder
may be one thing in New York and a different
thing in Kentucky. In the State of New York the
crime ofmurder is divided into various degrees, and
the punishment apportioned according to the de-
grees of guilt prescribed in the statute. In other
States—I do not know how many others, but
probably some—murder is treated the same as it
was at the common law; but the punishment is
meted out as the Legislature may see fit. The
kinds of punishment in different States are also
different. In some of the States murder is pun-
ished by death; in others it is punished by im-
prisonment at hard labor, or without hard la-
bor, in the penitentiary. In some itis punished
by death, but only upon the warrant of the Gov-
ernor of the State, and cannot take place until the
Governor shall award his warrant to the sheriff
of the county. This is the case in the State of
Vermont, if 1 recollect aright. So that there is no
uniformity either in the description of the offense
in the several States, nor is there any uniformity
in the kind or description of punishment inflicted
upon it. One great object of this amendment is
to produce this uniformity of punishment through-
out the United States,and not to permit a person
who has been guilty in the State of Vermont or
New York, where capital punishment may not
exist, to go without punishment, to preserve his
life, and finally, perhaps, by a pardon be liberated
entirely, while at the same time we punish with
death another person in the State of Kentucky
or Maryland, should the penalty, of death exist
there.
The great object of this amendment is to ren-
der the crime certain and well defined through-
out the United States, and to inflict the same pun-
ishment in every case. Now, sir, there can be
no conflict between the Fedetal jurisdiction and
the State jurisdiction in the trial of cases which
may arise under this amendment. It is undoubt-
edly true that a homicide committed in resisting
an officer under this law in Pennsylvania could
be punished there as murder, and the offender sub-
jected to be indicted and U ied there, and punished
according to the laws of the State. There is no
doubt of this; but still theie is a propriety, a con-
sistency, and a haimony in the idea of the Gov-
ernment of the United States taking into its own
hands and punishing according to its own wishes
this high offense against the law and against the
peace of society.
Mr. I-IKNDRfCKS. I wish to suggest to the
Senator fiom Michigan whether he ought not to
amend his proposition by striking out the words
"district or," so as to confine the trial to the cir-
cuit courts of the United States. 1 believe that in
all cases undei the laws of the United States where
the death penalty is prescribed the indictment can
be found only in the circuit court of the United
States, for the reason which has always governed
Congress, that if a man be tried for his life he
ought to be tried in a court where there are two
judges, so that if upon a doubtful question of law
there should be a division of opinion between the
pidges theSupieme Court of the United States
might have juusdiction. Otherwise, if he is tried
in the district court, the verdict and judgment are
final upon him; he has no icmcdy, no appeal. I
do not wish to be understood as agreeing that we
can confer jurisdiction upon the United States
courts of the crime of murder in the States, but
if we attempt to do it, I suggest that it ought only
to be tried in the cncuitcourtof the United States,
in analogy to all our existing laws in regard to
the trial of capital cases.
Mr. IIO WARD. The amendment provides that
the offense may be tried either in the disti ict coui t
oi in the cncuit coui t of the district within which
the offense is committed. I am quite aware, as I
understand the Senator from Indiana to suggest,
that it is the right of the accused in almost all of
the States to bung a bill of exceptions from the
court m which he is tried into a higher court, for
the purpose of havingany question of law decided
that may have arisen in the course of the trial.
This is, however, a purely legislative right which
he possesses; it does not exist at the common law,
as the Senator undoubtedly quite well knows.
Whether it would be best to give the offender the
right to take a bill of exceptions and take the
case from the district court to the circuit court,
must be determined by the Senate. I confess 1
do not see any necessity for it myself. It is a
privilege, certainly, which the accused enjoys in
several of the State courts; but whether it exists
in all of them I am not prepared to say. It does
in my own State, I know; it do«s probably in the
State represented by the Senator from Indiana;
but for the purposes of carrying out this conscrip-
tion act, and of making the punishment certain
and effectual, it seems to me that we may very
well dispense with the right of appeal or the right
to a bill of exceptions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator does not
accept the suggestion which I made, I will move
an amendment 
Mr. HOWARD. I did not hear the Senator
very distinctly, and peihaps I did not apprehend
him correctly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " district
or," so that the indictment can only be found in
the circuit court of the United States, in which
court there are two judges.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not necessarily. The dis-
trict judge holds the circuit court in the absence
of the supreme judge. That has been the casein
Illinois for ten years past until very recently; the
supreme judge has not been present, I ventuie to
say, a quarter of the term. Judge McLean very
seldom attended at all; 1 think not for ten years
at Springfield.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am aware of the truth
of what the Senator says; but the circuit judge
cannot sit in the district court. If the paity be
indicted in the district court he cannot have two
judges to preside at his trial. If he be indicted in
the circuit court he may have the benefit of two
judges.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
atoi whether all lie desires is that the trial should
take place in the circuit court, and not in the dis-
trict court.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; that is my prop-
osition.
Mr. HOWARD. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to that; and I will accept a modification
to that effect, so as to confine the jurisdiction to
the cncuit court. I did not understand the Sen-
ator at fit st.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
fiom Michigan modifies his own amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be read as it now
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan njoves to insert at the end of the
fifteenth section the words which will now be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And in cases where such assaulting,obstructing, hinder-
ing, oi impeding i-hall produce the death of such oflieer or
other pT^on, the offender s-hall be deemed guilty of murder,
and. upon conviction thereof upon indictment m tlie cncuit
court ot the United Slates lor the di>trict within winch the
offense was comimttcd, shall be punished with death.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. f suggest to my honor-
able fiiend fiom Michigan that instead of using
the term "murder'4 he use the term " high crime
and misdemeanor." The punishment is the same;
the object is the same; but as it now stands a
question may be raised which may perhaps be
trou blesome.
Mr. HOWARD. I should rather prefer the
ancient word "murder."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. I also move a further amend-
ment to that same section. I move to strike out
in line fourteen of the section the word " hun-
dred, "and to insert " thousand" instead of ir; and
in line fifteen to stiike out the word " two," and
inseit "five;" so that the clause will read: "be
punished by a fine not exceeding §5,000, or by
imprisonment not exceeding five years, or by
both." The amendment increases the term of im-
prisonment of the offender and the amount of tiie
fine.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having
been read three several times, the question now
is, shall it passr
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
