258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
The Naval Committee, I think on the sugges-
tion of my friend from Iowa, came to the conclu-
sion that they would adopt a certain rule which
should govern them; and that was that they would
not recommend Congress to confer a vote of
thanks by name on any officer unless lie was in
the separate command of a squadron or an expe-
dition or something of that sort; and in pursu-
ance of that recommendation of the committee to
the Senate, the Senate actually refused a vote of
thanks to some very worthy and deserving offi-
cers because they did not come within that rule.
My own impression, as I said before, is that Con-
gress were exceedingly unwise in adopting the
provision to which I have alluded, and that this
matter of conferring thanks has been carried to
such an extent, and if persisted in by Congress
will be carried to such an extent, that not only will
a vote of thanks be of no worth to the officer to
whom it is tendered, but it will deteriorate from
the value of those which have been passed here-
tofore in favor of such men as Washington and
Jackson and Scott.
I believe this is an entirely new precedent,
though I do' not speak advisedly upon that sub-
ject, for I have not examined the record recently.
i did examine it very carefully during the last
Congress. 1 think it will bo an entirely new prece-
dent to pass a vote of thanks to an individual for
a gift of this sort, t have no objection, if Con-
gress deem it wise, that such a fitting acknowl-
edgment of this munificence of Mr. Vanderbilt as
is neccssary should be made; but I do object that
the gift of a very wealthy man—he must have
been wealthy or he could not afford to do it—to
the Government of a ship should be placed on the
same footing with those high and heroic acts by
which illustrious men have exposed their lives,
and on (lie battle-field, at the peril of everything,
vindicated the honor and defended the interests
of the country. 1 think, sir, there should be in
the public mind and in the councils of Congress
a wide space between that spontaneous tribute of
gratitude and ntK-ction which the people pay to
those who, by deeds of heroism on the hat tip-
fir Id a I the risk of their lives, have vindicated the
honor of the eouni ry, mid those who, ho we ver de-
serving, have simply made such a preseiuas this
to the Government.
I wish the honorable Senator from New Ymk
would consent to have this resolution lie over for
n few dnys that we may have time to examine it.
As it is, while I have ihe highest reaped fvr Mr.
Vauderbtk and appreciate the gifr of his h|np to
the Government—though I believe if there was to
be an aecount-emient struck with him it would
appear that we have not made a great deal out of
Mr. Vandei bill, even crediting him with the full
value of tins ship —I think n is not a ease for the
distinguished honor which this resolution pro-
poses to be confetred upon htm.
Mr. FOSTER. I.am sorry, Mr, President,
that there is a suggestion to postpone the action
of the Senate upon this resolution. The person
who is most immediately concerned in regard to
it has not asked any recognition of this gift by
the Government; and it seems fo me exceedingly
ungracious to accept a gift of this description and
then hi^le upon the question of whether or not
we will thank the donor foi n, whether we will
postpone our thanks to another day, and then per-
haps relu.se to oiler them.
Mr. President, I am in nowise afraid that pass-
Ing a vote of thanks to Mr. Vnmhnbilt for this
gili wd( at ull detinct fiom the value of a vote of i
thanks passed :o the illustrious men of the Ilepubl c i
who have rmidoied irnpoi tant services in the cabi-
net or in the field. There will be no danger that ;
Congress will confound the one with the other, or
that the people will confound such services with
the most munificent gift ofpioperty. And ifthere i
were danger, what then ? is it a reason why we j
should not recognize in this way a servce of this '
description? Sir, it was a most munificent gift. j
ft it be asked whether there be any precedent foi 1
thanking any individual who 1ms made a munifi- i
cent gift tothe country, and the answer be no, I !
apprehend it is also true that there has never Keen, i
either to this Government or to any other, a gift 1
so munificentas this was by an individual; and it <
seems to me that the least we can do is to pass the I
vote which the resolution proposes. It is, as I
think, simply just to Mr. Vanderbilt that it should
be done to recognize so munificent a gift at a time
when the country was in peril, great peril, and
when this species of property was most af all
desired by us, and when we cannot probably
to-day produce another ship of equal value for
$1,000,000. I hope, sir, that the resolution will
pass, and that there will be no disposition to post-
pone it, or indeed to refuse it.
Mr. SAULSHURY. Mr. President, it is a
very ungracious thing to oppose a vote of thanks
under any circumstances. The presentation of
the thanks of Congress has become so frequent of
late that I do not know whether its value has not
been decreased thereby. But, sir, we are told in
a certain old book, now out of use—whose pre- j
cepts,atleast,are notmuch regarded at the present
day—that there was a lime when people brought
their offerings to the altar; the rich brought their
costly offerings, and the poor brought theirs, and
among the rest a poor widow cast in her mite.
That old-fashioned book says that she gave more
than those who presented their costly offerings.
Accoiding to that standard, there are tens ofthou-
sands who have given more to the country than
Commodore Vanderbilt. I think, therefore, that
a general form of thanks, thanking everybody
who doos anything for the country, would reach
the necessities of the hour, and would prevent the
repetition of these constant votes of thanks.
Mr. MORGAN. To meet what I understand
to be the suggestion of the Senator from Dela-
ware, I move, in the first line of the resolution,
to strike out the words " of the American people
be presented by,''and to insert after " Congress,"
in the Second lino, the words " bo presentedso
that the resolution shall read, " that th# thanks of
Congress be presented to Cornelius Vanderbilt."
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred in.
The join tiesolution was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time,
and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. There are some important matters that I
think ought to be disposed of speedily, and we
ought to have on executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the eonsideiation of executive business,
the doors were reopened,and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 38, 3804.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. \V. II. Ciiannino.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
piovcd.
PENNSYLVANIA MI LIT All Y CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Second Auditor of theTieas-
ury, in answer to the icsolution of the House of
Representatives of the 13th instant, relative to
vouchors for theexpenses in callingout the Penn-
sylvania militia during the recent invasion of that
State; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
OIIDKU OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the call of committees for reports to
be printed and referred to the Committee of the
Whole and not to be brought back by motions to |
reconsider,and that,according to the usage since !
the rule had been established, no requests for j
unanimous consent couid be entertained during :i
the moi ning hour. |
The SPEAIvERthen callcd the committees for >
reports, but none were presented that were admis- :
sible under the rule. I
The SPEAKER then, as the next business in !
order, proceeded to call the States for resolutions, !
under which call bills on leave could be presented. 1
The call commenced with the State of Pennsylva- 1
ma, where it was suspended on Monday last. !
LOAN OP THE HALL OF REPRESENTATIVES. i
Mr. KELLEY submitted the following resolu- ;
tion: •'
Revolt ed. That tiie use of the flail of the Houro of Hep-
i-psem:itiv(>s be granted to theUmted States Chiistian Corn- :!
mission on Monday evening, February 1, for their anni
ver^iry meeting. jj
Mr. COX. I desire to debate that resolution.
I am opposed to granting the use of this Hall for
any such purpose, especially after the exhibition
we had here on Saturday night, when one half of
this House was abused by a person I need not
speak of.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, giving rise
to debate,goes over.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. DAWSON submitted the following pre-
amble and resolution, upon which he demanded
the previous question:
Whereas a great civil warlike that which now afflicts
the United States is the most grievous of all national ca-
lamities, producing, as it does, spoliation, bloodshed, anar-
chy, public debt, officfal corruption, and private immoial-
ity, the American Government cannot rightfully wage such
a war upon any portion of its people exccptfor the sole pur-
pose of vindicating the Constitution and laws and lestormg
both to their jn^t supremacy; and whereas this House, on
the 22d day of July, 1801, speaking in the name of the Amer-
ican people, in the lace of the woild, solemnly andtruly de-
clared that it was waged lor no purpose of conquest or op-
pression, but solely to restore the Union with all the rights
of the people and of the States unimpaued; and wheieas
iu eveiy war, especially m every war of invasion, and
nio&t particulaily if it be a civil war between portions of
the same country, the object of it ought to be clearly defined
and the tcirns distinctly stated upon which hostilities will
cease, and the advancing anmes of the Government should
cariy the Constitution and laws in one hand while they
hold the swoid.in the other, so that the invaded paity may
have its choice between the two : Theiefore,
Resolved, That the Picsident be required to make known,
by public proclamation or otherwise, to all the country that
whenever any State now in insurrection shall submit her-
self to the authority of the Fcdeial Government a* defined
in the Constitution, all hostilities against her shall ccase,
and such State shall be protected from all external inteifer-
cnee with her local laws and institutions, and her people
shall be guarantied in the full enjoyment of all those rights
which the Fedeial Constitution gave them.
Mr. STEVENS moved to lay the preamble and
resolution upon the table.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the alTii rnativc—yeas 79, nays 5G; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. All won, Ames, Arnold, Abhley, Jf hn D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Bosnian, Blame, Fi.mois P. Blair,
Jacob B. Bl.ur, Boutwell. Biandegec, Broomall, Ambrose
W.Claik, Fieeman Ciaike. Cole, Crc^veli, lleniy Winter
Davis., Thomas T. Davis, Dnwc.s. Doming, Dixon, Dngg«?,
F.rUlcy, Khot. Fai nsworth, Fcnton, Fiank^Gaifield. Cooch,
Iligby, Hooper, [lolchki-s, Asahel W. Ilubbaid, Tlulbuid,
Jeuekes, Julian, Kasson, Kclle\ ,Fiancis W. Kelloyg, Long-
year, Lov<-joy,M.tivi n. Me B tide, McClm<r, Me Jndoe, Sam-
uel F. Miliei, Mooihead, IMomll,Daniel Moms, Amos Mv-
crs,Leon;ud Myers,Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pattei-on. i'lke,
Puce, William If. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John 11 Rice,
Edwaid II. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Smith,
Smithers, Spalding, Steven'!, Thayei, Thomas, Up^on,
Van Valkenhuigh, Ehhu B."VWhl)uine, William B. Wus-h-
Imni. Whalcy, Williams, Wilson, Windom, and Wood-
biulac—79.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus U.
Baldwin, lilies, Btook?, James S. Blown, William C*
Blown, Chanler, ('ufTYoth, Cox, Dawson, Depnison, Eden,
Kdgerton, lildiidge, English, Finck, Ganson, Gudrr, Gns-
wold, Hale, Hall, [larding, Ilarungton, Benjamin G. Hams,
Ilemek, Holnmn, Ilutehins, William Johnson, Keinrm,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Marcy, McAlhstei, McDowell,
MeKmney. Middleton, William II. Miller, Jame> It. Moni«?,
Monison, NcImwi, PuiuJIcton, Robinson, Rok«, John B.
Steele, wtiles, Stnait,"Swear. Vooihces Wadsworth,
Wheelei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Fernando
Wood, and Yeaman—.',(3.
So the preamble and lesolution were laid upon
the table.
Dunng the roll-call,
Mr. McINDOE stated that Mr. Cobb was
absent m consequence of sickness.
Mr. ORTH stated that Mr. D umont was ab-
sent by reason of sickness in his family.
Mi. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, announced
that Mr Ra\*dai.l, of Pennsylvania, was absent
on account of sickness. *
Mr. ANCONA made a similar statement in re-
gard to his colleague, Mr. Johnson.
Mr. BOYD made a like statement in reference
to Mr. Blow.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were laid
upon the table; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOAN OF THIS HALL OP REPRESENTATIVES-
Mr. MOORHEAD submitted the following
resolution,upon which hedemanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the use of the Hall of the Hoimof Repre-
