2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
of the Government it has been the custom for the
Congress of the United States to vote pensions
similar to this. The Committee on Pensions
recommend this year that the action of the Gov-
ernment be reversed. If that policy is to be re-
sorted to, if the pensions that have been granted
to the widows and children of generals who have
died in a time of peace, and died in bed, are to be
denied to the widows and children of those who
die in battle, I think itisdue toour brave soldiers
in the field Unit the Senate should settle that ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
ison the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to postpone Senate bill No. 114, and take
up the bill indicated by him.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 2) granting a pension
to Ellen M. Whipple, widow of the late Major
General Amiel W. Whipple, of the United States
Army, which had been reported adversely by the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE. I desire to state now, so that the
Senate may understand it, what has been done
Intel von this subject. On the 7th of May, 1860,
the Congress of the United States granted a pen-
sion of fifty dollars a month to Mis. Anne M.
Smith, widow of General Perstfer F. Smith, and
alike pension of fifty dollars a month to the widow
of Geneial Maconib,and a like pension of fifty
dollars a month to the widow of General Riley.
On the 12th of July, 1862, tiieygranted a periston
of fifty dollars a month to the widow of General
C. P. Smith, and on the 3d of March, 18G3, they
granted a like pension to the widow of General
Stevens, and on f he same day a like pension of
fifty dollars a month to the widow of General F.
H. Plummer, When the pension (which was
the first that came up since the war commenced)
to the widow of General Smith was under con-
sideration,! entered my voten^ainstit,^ I believe
did my friend from Illinois, [Mr..Trumbull,J be-
cause we thought it was time that a dilfeient rule
should pieva.il and a unifomi system be adopted;
but the Committee on Pensions repot fed in favoi
of it, and the chairman of that committee pave
these reasons for passing it, which I will read:
''The allowance for widows nf officers by In wis one
half tin: pay proper, not exceeding half* the pay of a lieu-
tenant colonel in any ease. Onelmll the pay pioper of an
officer in the grade in which he was, not exceeding that of
a lieutenant colonel, N aliowed. The widow of a major
general would g( t thuty dollars a month ; and that i.s the
provision made by <i bill which has come io ih Iroin the
flou-e, and is repoi ted hack Mom the committee—a. gen-
eral law* which has not been acted on bj (he Senate. That
Is In conioimsty to previous l.uvs, and'tlm action o( the
committee was taken by them in vn w oi the fact ot the
general law, .and that tin-- was moir than the amount granted
by the geneial law, because such nppeais to have been the
action of Congress duung the whole existence ot the Gov-
ernment.1'
And that was, as I understood it, to pay this
pension to the widows of officers slam in battle.
Now, sir, General Smith—and I have not a word
to say against the justice of that pension, and had
not at the time, except as to the policy of it—did
ttotdie in battle, arid several of the officers whose
names I have read did not die in battle. General
"Whipple died in battle on the field of Chancel-
lorsville; and I think I hazard nothing in saying
that a braver officer never drew his sword on the
field of battle. General Whipple was brave, not
with the impulsive rashness of some men, but ho
was brave from Christian principle, behoving that
upon the field of battle was Ins place and line of
duty, and that it lay with Providence to send him
life or death, and he was equally prepared for
either. He died, 1 think, within forty-eight hours
after the time he was wounded. He left a widow
and three children, all minors. lie left them little
but an unblemished reputation, an untarnished
honor, and the regat ds of the country t hat he hud
served so well. He left his widow and children
in the confidence and hope, which I trust is nor to
be disappointed, that while lie laid down his life
for his country, all that he left behind him that
was most dear in life would be cared for by that
country, as the country had been accustomed to
take carc of widows and orphans similarly con-
stituted.
Sir, h may be said that our expenses are great
and it becomes us to be economical. 1 grant it.
I know that our expenses are great and over-
whelming; but I tei! yuu, sir, this is the \ery last
place that the hand of economy should touch. It
is the last place where the country can afford to
be parsimonious, or even prudent. What will
be the effect to-day, while our country is engaged
in this struggle for life or death, if we proclaim
to the brave men who have gone out with a hero-
ism never surpassed and rarely equaled, taking
their lives in their hands and laying them down
as freely as occasion presents—what will be the
effect of telling them that Congress, amidst the
lavish and profuse expenditure of the public
Treasury, have seen fit to commence the work of
economy, and to commence it in withholding the
competence which they have been accustomed to
give to the widows and children of the brave offi-
cers who have laid down their lives in their be-
half? I trust that a statement of this case is
enough to secure the passage of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER.. It is a novel and would be a
painful position to me to oppose a bill granting
pensions to the widows of officers or soldiers who
have fallen in battle in the service of the country.
I do not propose doing it. As I cannot vote for
this bill, 1 propose saying a very words in reply
to the remarks of the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, lest it should seem that I was
abandoning a policy which I had previously ad-
vocated.
It is true, sir, that prior to the present war,
Congress has been in the habit, on the applica-
tions of widows of general officers, to increase the
pensions provided for them by law, and in some
cases I believe even to grant pensions where the
lew provided none. There were several cases, 1
think the honorable Sena tor referred to three which
occurred m the year 1860, where the widows of
three major generals were pensioned by act of
Con*>r«ess at the rate of fifty dollais per month,
when the pension provided by law was but thirty
dollars for widows of officeis of the very highest
rank, thus adding twenty dollars per month to
the amount provided by law. The honorable
Senator quotes from remaiks made by me at
that time orsoon after, where I said that such had
been the general or uniform policy of the Govern-
ment. 1 presume I maile some examination at
that time, and was probably in my own judgment
warranted in making that assertion, i could not
ftom my recollection now state such to have been
the fact, although 1 recollect nothing which would
show it to be otherwise.
When the case of Mrs. Smith, the widow of
General Charles F. Smith, was hiought before
Congress, she being the widow of the first gen-
eral officer, a major general, who fell in the war,
I think, in the fall of ldGl, the application went
to the committee with which I was connected,
and the committee reported a bill in her favor,
giving her a pension of fifty dollars a month. 1
was in favor of it. 1 was in favor of it in com-
mittee, and I was in favor of it on the floor of the
Senate. It passed the Senate-, it passed the House
of Representatives; it became and is a law. Un-
der the same circumstances 1 should take the'same
course if the question were now hefoie us. There
were peculiar circumstances attending that ease.
It is true, as the Senator from New Hampshire
has stated, that General Smith did not die in bat-
tle; but he died very soon after a series of battles
of which he was the hero, and died in consequence
of iiijiuies received either in battle or in service
connected with the battles, and I believe in con-
sequence of injuries in battle. He left a widow
and family entirely dependent. He had been in
the service between thirty and forty years.
Mr. GRIMES. Forty-one.
Mr. FOSTER. The honorable Senator from
Iowa says forty-one years. For forty years cer-
tainly he had been in the service of the country,
as gallant, as true, and as faithful and able a sol-
dier as we had m our Army. He was breveued
four times for gallantry during the Mexican war.
No man stood higher on thy roll of the Army: no
men was moie deserving; and he laid down his
life after a series of brilliant victories, of which,
1 repeat, without disparagement to other brave
men, he was the hero. Under these circumstances,
his widow, dependent, without means, came be-
fore Congress for aid for herself and her father-
less children. I admit I supported her claim for
a pension of fifty dollars per month. The hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire opposed it;
he was not in favor of it. We undoubtedly were
respectively governed by our views of what was
our duty and what was proper undei the ciicum-
stances. At that time I did not foresee how wide
would be the ravages of this war; I did not fore-
see how many brave and gallant men would fall,
leaving widows and children to be provided for
by the country. Had I done so, I am not pre-
pared to say that I should have been at that time
willing to increase the amount provided by law
for the widow of General Smith. The amount
provided by law was thirty dollars per month,
and that continues the law at the present time.
Two years more have passed away; great has
been the bloodshed and slaughter in our battle-
fields; vastisthenumberof widows and orphans.
The expenditure of money which the Govern-
ment has been called to make during these years
is perfectly immense. It becomes, in my judg-
ment, a somewhat different question from what it
was two years ago, whether we shall continue the
same amount of bounty which we gave at the com-
mencement of the struggle. The widows of these
officers may be equally meritorious; the country
may owe their deceased husbands as great a debt
of gratitude, but the country is in a very different
condition. Our means are diminished and the
calls upon the Treasury are greatly multiplied,
immensly beyond what anybody could have fore-
seen.
It is true that we followed the precedent set in
the case of Mrs. Smith in the case of the widows
of two other geneials, the widow of General Ste-
vens and the widow of General Plummer. I ha\e,
however, to say—not by any means by way of re-
proaching any Senator or the Senat^.—that the
committee with which I have the honor of being
connected reported against them. I opposed both
those bills in committee and voted against them
here, but they passed. I did not make strenuous
opposition to them; I did not feel it my duty to
do so; but I voted against them. Those cases
weie not, as it seemed to me, like the case of Mrs.
Smith. They weie meritorious. The husbands
of those widows were gallantand deserving men,
and deserved the bounty and gratitude of the coun-
try. I would he the last surely to say they did
not; but the war then extending in its ravages and
the calls upon our Treasury then being so great,
it seemed to me that we should not extend the
policy,and thatwc must exercise a more sparing
hand in dispensing the bounties of the Govern-
ment.
Such, however, has been the course until the
present time; and the bill which is now before
the Senate, together with two others of similar
character, at an early day of the session was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions. This bill
for the relief of Mrs. Whipple came before the
committee without any petition, without any pa-
pets connected with it. The committee had no
evidence m regard to her condition, whether she
was dependent or not. We had no doubt, of
course, because we would not be so ignoiantof
the day and the times as not to know that Gen-
eral Whipple was a gallant and deserving man;
but there was no evidence furnished us as to the
condition in which he left his family. Whether
that family were well provided for or not we had
no knowledge. This bill and the other two bills
under these circumstances were acted upon by
the committee, and we came to a^onclusion ad-
verse to their passage, thinking that with the
present calls upon the Treasury of the United
States we could not as a committee justify our-
selves in saying that the amountpiovided bylaw
for those widows was not as great as we could
lecomniend to have paid.
It is true the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire says this is not the day and these are
not the times to be niggardly in regard to the sur-
viving widows and families of our officers and
soldiers who perish in the field. It is not, Mr.
President; surely it is not. It is not, he says,
the place to begin; we ought not to begin with
them in exercising economy. The principle, how-
ever, on which I go, and on which, so far as I
understood the views of the committee, they go,
is this: that it is the duty of every committee of
this body to regard the expenditures which we
are called upon to make with very close set utiny,
and not to recommend the expenditure of a dollar
unless it shall seem to be imperatively demanded
I suopose that applies as well to the Committee
on Pensions as to every other committee It is
true that ihe cases that come before us make an
appealto the heart which it is dnhcult to re&ist;
