1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and 1 trust I have ag strong a feeling of sympa-
thy, as strong a desire to relieve the wants of
those who have thus been left in sorrow, in lone-
liness, and perhaps in poverty, as the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire or any other Sen-
ator; but after all, Mr. President, when these de-
mands are multiplied to such an extent as that it
seems impossible our Government can sustain
itself, are we not called upon to say so; and, al-
though we may be doing violence to the best feel-
ings of the human heart, must we not say so? I
repeat, I suppose the principle on which the Com-
mittees of this body and every member of the
body should act applies as well to the Committee
on Pensions as to every other committee, and if
other committees do as I presume they will do—
for they surely have as great care of the public
interests as the Committee on Pensions—if they
act upon the same principle, wc shall certainly
retrench to some extent our expenditures and i e-
lieve our Government somewhat of the over-
whelming drafts that are now made upon our re-
sources.
If we adopt and act upon the principles sug-
gested by the Senator from New Hampshire, we
must go much further. The amount of fifty dol-
lars per month seems a small sum, it is true, to
the widow and family of a major general who has
fallen in battle; but, sir, what is the amount pro-
vided for the widows and families of other per-
sons who fall in the servicer Take the privates—
and most of the men who fall in the service fall
as privates—they, just as brave, just as gallant,
just as devoted as the officer of the highest rank,
may fall, and do fall daily, in the service, and
leave laige families entirely dependent, and what
is the amount provided by law for the widows and
orphan children of soldiers who thus fall in bat-
tle? Why, sir, the wholeamount is eight dollars
per month. That is all that we pay,and! think,
under the circumstances, that is all that we can
pay. I do not think, with the burdens upon the
people which are now upon them, that we can
increase that amount and pay a larger sum. If
we cannot do that, shall we increase the amount
which is to be paid to the widows of general offi-
cers from the sum of thirty dollars per month to
the sum of fifty dollars? Can we justify our-
selves even to our own hearts in so doing?
I know that, from the social position of officers
and the expenses of officers' families, asageneral
rule, it costs more as a matter of necessity to sup-
port the widow and family of a major geueial
than it does to suppoit the widow and family of
a private in the ranks, and the necessities of the
two, therefore, the numbers being the same, may
be said not to be equal; one is gicarer than the
other. But while that has been true, and is to
some extent true now of our service, it is not
tiue m this war as compared wiih any formei wai;
that is, it is not true to the same extent; for we
have hundreds and thousands of men, privates in
our ranks to-day, whose social position compares
with that of major generals in the semce, and
whose widows and children are accustomed to
move and do move in the same circle of society
precisely in which the widows and children of
general officers move.
Under these circumstances, it is by no means
either just of generous that we should widen the
difference made in the amount of bounty or pen-
sion paid by the Government to the widows of
officers over and above the amount paid to the
widows of privates. If we increase the amount
paid to the widows and families of general officeis
from thiity to fifty dollais per month, wc ought,
in my opinion, to double the amount paid to the
widows and families of privates. The Treasury
of the United States would not be adequate to
meet the demands. If such an amount is called
for from the pubUcTreasury it can be raised only
by a tax on the people, and it must come from
people as poorandas dopendentasthose to whom
it is paid. In this matter of chanty when we
collect the money by taxation we ought to think
where the fund is to come fiom. We gather it
not from the coffers of the rich, but from the
scant earnings of the poor. Our very charity m
this case is wrung fiom the hand of poverty.
Sir, it is easy to talk about liberality, and at
times it may be easy to exorcise it; it is always
grateful to exercise it; but can we exercise it under
these circumstances? 1 submit that we cannot,
and that we are not to be tepioached with a want
of generosity if wedonot. Itis impossible that
we should. Why, sir, the number of applica-
tions at the Pension Bureau amount now to from
four to five thousand permonth,and that, too, be-
fore the last battles. They will be doubled now
for the next year. Four thousand applications
per month at an average of at least §100 for each
pensionei makes up an amount which we see is ex-
ceedingly heavy. The amount which we shall have
to pay in pensions will soon go up to §10,000,000
per annum. At pur present rates, not increasing
the amount one penny, the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States will very soon be called upon to pay
$10,000,000 per annum for pensions, almost as
great an amount as was sufficients carry on this
Government within my recollection and yours,
sir, (Mr. Foot m the chair.) It is within my
recollection that the Government of the United
States was administered for four years at an av-
erage expenditure of less than thirteen million
dollars annually. But, sir, before two years are
at an end, wuh no addition to the pension list ex-
cept what is now made and is making while I am
now addressing the Chair, I think the Treasury
will be called upon forfclO,000,000peranuumfor
the payment of pensions alone.
Under these circumstances, Mr. President, with
every disposition to go with the Senator from New
Hampshire in all thatJs just andin all that is lib-
eral, it .seemed to me we were called to say as
to these applications, we could not grant them;
but we must let them stand where the law lets
them stand, and give to each of these widows her
pension of thirty dollars per month, and not in-
crease it to fifty dollars. The fact that we have
previously given more, and that this will be a de-
parture fiom the practice, is answered when we
compare our former with our present condition.
We cannot, for the sake of being consistent in
our precedents, make these additions to the bur-
dens of ihe cuunuy, lest they become too griev-
ous to be borne.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr MORRILL. Mr. President, I have no
disposition to enter into the discussion of this
question; but one single pioposiiion strikes me
with some force m this case. This bill is re-
ported adversely by the Committee on Pensions
on the ground of economy. 1 appreciate that
proposition and the aigument of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, the chairman of that
committee; but as a question of economy it is
certainly not a largo one. It is only a dififeienco
between $G00 and £3G0 per annum m an individ-
ual ease, and it is here extended to three cases
against which reports have been made. If you
aie to extend it to all the major generals m the
Army on the supposition that they will all be
wounded or ail be killed and so to be entitled to
this pension, and that is the extent to which this
precedent could go, it will then be seen that as a
question of economy it is a very inconsideiable
sum. But upon any probable estimate the sum is
quite too diminutive, I think, to be raised as a
question of economy, and economy against the
Ticasury of the United State. Take the three
cases which have already been passed and the
three cases reported upon and the additional sum
would be less than $1,500 per annum between
granting them the thirty dollars and the fifty dol-
lars per month. 1 submit, therefore, on the
question of economy, that, it seems to me, with
all due respect, the sum is too inconsiderable.
Let me say a word upon one other point. It
is a depnrturefiom tin action of the Government
in similar cases, if I am right in saying that the
question of economy is too inconsiderable; and
that, of course, does not afford a reason for the
departure. 1 do not mean to say that the depart-
ure would be a lefiection on these officers; but
certainly if 1 am right in the argument that it is
not justified on the score of economy, it is a re-
flection. However, the committee do not put it
on that giound, and I am not disposed to argue
it upon that ground. I wish to make this inqui-
ry: taking the statement of the honorable chair-
man of the committee on a former occasion, that
the uniform action of the Government, from the
commencement of the Government down, in par- :
allel cases of this kind, had been to grant, pensions
of this amount, h the question of economy suffi-
cient to justify a departure fiom it now ? 1 should
hope that the Senate would do m this case as the
Government lyis been .accustomed to do hereto-
fore. The argument of the honorable Stfnato#,
that if we do it in this case we oughUn justice to
do it in all the cases of soldiers in- the ranks, it
seems to me, does not hold, for this reason: w*e
are doing in their cases precisely what we havp
done from the commencement of the Government.
Itis no departure from the action of ,tl>e Govern-
ment, to give these parties fifty dollarsmonUu Itis
precisely what we have been doing, and therefore
furnishes no argument for the inference that we
shall be compelled to raise the pensions in other
cases.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that there is a
little misapprehension among the members of the
Senate as to what has been the practice of the
Senate in the granting of pensions to the widows
of major generals and brigadier generals. I was
here In 1860, when the act was passed for the
benefit of Mrs. Persifer F. Smith, Mrs. General
Macomb, and Mrs. General Riley; and I remem-
ber very well (for I was a member of the Com-
mittee on Pensions at that time) the ground on
which that bill was passed. It was an omnibus
bill, neither one of the pensions having meritand
strength enough to carry itself through the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives without uniting
the friends of the various widows in order to se-
cure its passage. There were some Senators on
this side of the Chamber who were favorably im-
pressed with the merits of General Riley. He
had been the military Governor in California at
the time the constitutional convention was first
formed there, and had been instrumental in mak-
ing it a free State, as they said. General Macomb
was the hero of the battle of Plattsburg. General
Riley was the general who was said to have won
the battle of Chepultepec for us.
Mr. CONNESS. He had command in Cali-
fornia.
Mr. GRIMES. He had command in Califor-
nia,and was the military governor there. Those
bills were united, and we passed them through
here against my vote and against the vote of a
majority of the members of the Committee on
Pensions. %
Then came here next the case of Mrs. Chailes
F. Smith, the widow of Major General Charles
F. Smith. There was this difference between the
case now at the bar and the case ofMrs. Charles
F. Smith. She was the widow of a major gen-
eral; Mrs. Whipple is the widow of a brigadier
general. Mis. Smith was the widow of a man
who commanded our light artillery during the
whole of Scott's campaign in iVS%xico, ana was
four times brevetted in the various fights there.
He was the hero, as we believe in my State, or
at any rate one of the principal heroes, of Fort
Donelson. Instead of dying in his bed from dis-
ease, he actually died from a wound that he re-
ceived in the attack upon Fort Donelson, and
which he carefully refrained from communicating
even to any member of his staff, and it was not
known and was not published in the newspapers
until about the time of his death.
i have no doubt that General Whipple was an
excellent officer; but it seems to me that if we
g rant this pension now we shall be compelled to
do it to the widows of all the other brigadier gen-
erals who may be killed in the service. 1 know
nothing to distinguish this case from the two cases
to which the Senator from Maine has alluded or
to the various cases which have happened in our
Army, or the six or eightbrigadiergenerals who
have recently been slam in the battle of the Wil-
derness; and the question recurs, are we prepared
I to raise the pensions of the widows of brigadier
| generals at so great a per cent, as fiom thirty to
1 fifty dollars per month, and if wc do raise the
I pensions of this class of widows, must we not
I injustice to the widows of other officers, and of
the men in the service, raise theirs correspond-
ingly? How can we say to the widows of cap-
tains and lieutenants of companies, for whom pen-
sions have been established by the same law that
we establish the pension of the widow of a brig-
adier general, thai their pensions are to continue
at the pitiful sum of eight dollars a month while
you increase the pension of the widow of a brig-
adier general eighty percent.? If we are prepared
to go where this precedent is going to lead us, I
am willing to bo us liberal as most men.
The Senator from M aine thought there was not
much of a question of economy involved in this
