1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
to see them. We desire to secure these original
maps and plans for the Library.
Mr, JOHNSON. Can they begotfor thesum
indicated ill the amendment?
Mr. COLLAMER. They can be got for$l,000,
and we desire to make a portfolio of them far the
use of the Library, and we ask for this appropri-
ation for that purpose;
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. COLLAMER. I have one other amend-
ment to offer:
To pay Henry R. Schoolcraft for one hundred copies
of two additional volumes to complete his work entitled,
Intoimation respecting the History, Condition, and Pros-
pects of the Indian Tribes of tlie United States, to be paid
under the direction of the Joint Library Committee when-
ever fie shaft deliver to them the said number of copies,
printed and bound in as good style as the volumes already
publis-he'd under authority of Qongress, to be done within
three years, $10,000,
Mr. Schoolcraft was employed in making this
great national work. It took him a number of
years to collect the material and to publish it;
and appropriations were made for it from time to
time until the present volumes were completed.
He had gatheied the elements anil materials for
two other volumes to complete the work. He is
now in that condition that he is incapable of
moving about; be has lost pretty much the power
of locomotion; but possesses all the powers of
his mind fully, and writes by an amanuensis. Out
of the material which he has collected, he has
prepared these two additional volumes to com-
plete the work. He wants aid now to publish
them, and the committee, after full consideration,
recommend that there be paid to him $10,000 if he
will deliver one htindrcd copies of each of those
two volumes when completed if he completes them
in the same style as the former volumes.
Mr. HALE. 1 will ask the Senator who has
reported this bill if the attention of the commit-
tee was called to a conflict about the title to the
maps and plates that were made by Major East-
man and Schoolcraft.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir.
Mr. HALE. There is a contest about them.
Mr. COLLAMER. Some three or four years
ago, 1 bolieve, at the application of Mr. School-
ciaft, Congress passed an act deliveiing over those
plates, which had been executed by the Govern-
ment in making out these volumes, to Mrs. School-
craft for him, with authority to use the copyright
of those volumes.
Mr.HALE. Yes,sir. I do not remember now
precj^ely what the characterof it was. It is pos-
sible you may, Mr. President. I do not know
how that is, and it has been out of my mind ever
since; but at that time I know Major Eastman
complained that he had been very unfairly and
harshly dealt by,and that he was very materially
injured by ihe lesolution that was passod by Con-
gress.
Mr. COLLAMER. That has nothing to do
wilh this.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, it hasa good deal to do
with it. The very plates used in the six volumes
that have been published 
Mr. COLLAMER. This is for two additional
volumes and has nothing to do with them. They
are a continuation of the work on the Indians of
Amenca. Every one hasseen the work. These
two additional volumes will complete the work.
Those plates to which the Senator refers related
to the six volumes that the Government has al-
ready published. This amendment is in relation
to two additional volumes and has nothing to do
with those plates.
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied that we have done
great injustice to Major Eastman, who was a
meritorious artist, who made those plans. He
expected lo use them for his own beneiit, but
afterwaids, by act of Congress, they were all
tran.'jfeired to Schoolcraft, when in fact the great
merit, if there was any merit in them, belonged to
Major Eastman. The major feltdeeply wronged
by the action of the Government in that transfer
ot the plates to Schoolcraft.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know how. I never
heard before of any contest between the oilier
spoken of and Mi. Schoolcraft. Congress in 1857
or 1858,1 forget which, when I suppose the con-
test alluded to was before Congtess, passed an
act giving all the plates to Mr. Schoolctaft. As
has just been staled by tiie chairman, the two vol-
umes wluJi the Committee on the Library pio-
pose now to provide for are volumes in which |
there are no maps or plates of any description,
and of course, therefore, so far as they are con-
cerned, the whole claim upon the Government, if
there is any claim upon the Government, is the
claim of Mr. Schoolcraft.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 remember something
about this resolution in the House of Represent-
atives. it is Mrs. Schoolcraft that we are dealing
with, not Mr. Schoolcraft. He is unable to be
about. I have seen him often. Mrs. Schoolcraft
complained that the plates and maps accompany-
ing the manuscript and papers of her husband
were not published by Congress, and that there
were two volumes that Congress refused to pub-
lish. The work was to be completed with the
sixth volume. Thereupon a resolution was in-
troduced for her benefit, and she'was given the
plates and property oftheUuited States,consist-
ing of all the engravings, drawings, and diagrams,
estimated to be worth from fifteen to twenty thou-
sand dollars, in distinct satisfaction of all claim
that slu: asserted against the United States for the
failure to publish all the manuscript that had been
collected together by her husband. That reso-
lution was understood by both Houses, at least
by the House of Representatives, and the debates
will show it, as an entire relinquishment and dis-
connection of the United States with the publica-
cation of Schoolcraft's History of the Indians.
There is no doubt about these fuels.
Now it is proposed in this time of trouble and
difficulty to appropriate $10,000 for two hundred
additional volumes, or fifty dollars a volume, of
this work. We have got the cream of them all
published in six volumes that have already been
printed. We have surrendered over to Mrs.
Schoolcraft not only ihe property of the United
States, but have delivered to her the property of
Major Eastman. 1 remember that claim very
well. Major Eastman had just as much light to
a portion of those plates as Mrs. Schoolcraft, but
we gave the whole of them to Mis. Schoolcraft.
Under these circumstances, without further de-
bate, I am not disposed to publish these two vol-
umes, and especially atsuch an enormousexpense
as fifty dollars a volume.
Mr. GRIMES. I should really like to know
how old this Mr. Schoolcraft is before I am called
upon to vote on this amendment, because I
should like to know what the probability is of
the duiation of this continual annuity being paid
to him, or something approaching an annuity, in
the shape of appropriations of this description.
Mr. SHERMAN. We settled with him once,
and got a full quittance, as we supposed, with the
Schoolcraft Indians.
Mr. COLLAMER. This ts not put on the
giound of a claim, but to finish the work.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us have the yeas and nays
on this proposition. I shall vote for no new books.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is not a claim, as the
honorable Senator from Iowa seems to suppose.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it is not a claim.
Mr. JOHNSON. Because whatever has been
done before has been settled for by the Govern-
ment; but there is now 111 the possession of this
gentleman, and which must have been the result
of material* collected before, what will constitute
two volumes. The Committee on the Library
believe it will be very beneficial to the country to
have them printed. There is no mode of getting
the history of the Indians complete other than the
one which the committee provide. It is not, there-
fore, upon the ground that there is any claim, di-
lector nidiiect, on the part of Mr. Schoolciaft,
or anybody else, lor §10,000, but upon*the ground
that under all the ciicumstances it is advisable
that we have the work.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 did not understand that any-
body had put this in the shape of a claim upon
Congress, except a claim upon the gratitude and
the benevolence of Congiess. It was said that
ills gentleman was a very infirm man, and that
statement, I suppose, was made in the way of
inducement to cause us to continue this business
of publishing books, or assist in the publication
of these books, upon the ground that theyaie to
be a history of the Indians.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member does
injustice to the Library Committee, and particu-
larly to my filend the chairman of that commit-
tee. He has not mentioned, noi have the Library
Co m m i t teeconsidered it Rjt
we should buy these books, that Mr. Scuooicrai^
was bedridden,, .He happened to;say iJfatAehpa
not seen Mr. Schoolcraft: because ii£ w(as.;be(I|>id-
den from paralysis, and had been- pcdriiJcltji.,^
some time, but his mind, al wayq of; }>iglj#st
order before he was paralyzed, remains,,,iy| vy.e
understand, just as, powerful naw.nsiii qjr£K,%>$!
He can use aa amanuensis, not for the purport;
of preparing ths work in any other way tliiyi, at)
amanuensis can bejsstTd topfepareanythmgx^fe-
ten by a master mind. The only question S^itn
the committee was, not a question of gratitude,
not a question of sympathy, not a question of
benevolence, but whether the work itself was ntus
which the Government ought to have,.and we
came to that conclusion, believijig, as the com-
mittee or the majority of the Joint Committee
the Library did, that it was advisable that the
Government should get this work if it could b.e
obtained for $10,000, and they, are,not tqpajrj,
dime until it is printed and it turns out .that in
point of fact these two volumes are prepared in
the same way and in the same style with the voir
urnes for which we have already paid.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. Schoolcraft asked for
a considerably larger amount and proposed toder
liver more volumes, but we did not think tt neces-
sary in order to secure the work that we should
buy any more than the number indicated in
amendment. We thought that would be euffir
cient to insure th? publication.
Mr. GRIMES. Does this finish.the worR.or
are we not to continue this work or assist in the
publication, so long as this man may live?
Mr. JOHNSON. This finishes it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We finished it once before.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the reason why 1
wanted to know the age of this ninn, because I
wanted to know how long it was piobablc on a
computation of the duration of his existence wo
might be called upon in this same way by the
Committee on the Library to finish the work by
an additional appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Schoolcraft is certainly,
I think, not a very old man, and if he had good
health he might do something in the fut.ure. I
understand that he is broken down by paralysis
and confined to his room, but his Intellect is as
clear as ever, and he has been able to prepare
these volumes with assistance in regard to labor.
That is what I understand to be the fact, and that
this is the completion of what he intended to do;
1, therefore, shall vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 should like to inquire
how much a volume it is proposed to pay?
Mr. SHERMAN. Fifty dollars.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Fifty dollars a volume?
Mr. COLLAMER. The idea was this; that
he was to receive this contribution to enable htm
to complete the work.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg to say one word m
reference to Mr. Schoolcraft, the author of lilts
great work upon Indian antiquities. He has
spent a very large portion of his life in the neigh-
borhood of Indians, and indeed with Indians, in
the examination of their antiquities, their lan-
guage, and their manners and customs, and it is
probable that there is no living man who in these
respects can at all compare with Mr. Schoolcraft.
Although, if it were a new question whether to
aOoi d a subsidy to him or any body else for the jiur-
pose'of preserving these curious records, I might
be disposed to vote ngainsu'tand probably should
be disposed to vole against it, still, as we have
%ot, as the saying is, our foot in it, 1 do not sec
but we must face it until we come to the end.
Without these volumes, if 1 understand it, the
woik will be left in a very imperfect state.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my fuend from Michi-
gan will allow me, the last volume published is
<t very valuable and interesting one, a general
resume of the whole work, and is really a comple-
tion of it, and a very proper completion. The
whole work is bound and completed at the end
of tin? sixth volume, which is a general resume
of the whole history, character, and language of
the Indians, and that was intended to be the end
of the work so far as Congress was concerned.
Then Congress gave over lo Mrs. Schoolcraft
for it was Mrs. Schoolcraft that was negotiating
with Congress—all the materials belonging to the
Government, the maps, plates, engravings, &c ,
because the work was supposed to be completed.
