fm OON&IWSIOJSPAL &LQBE;
March 26,
'"'Sir,1 Phave considered the authority to issue the
proclamation. I propose briefly now to examine
the terms of the proclamation and the question of
itsdesign and probable effects. The proclamation,
the President says, " to prevent misunderstand-
ing," is intended " to present-the people of the
States wherein the national authority has been
suspended and loyal State governments have been
subverted, a mode in and- by which the national
authority may be reestablished." It is well his
Excellency gave the explanation, or the people,
who hrtve been familiar with the majority rule in
thelietterdaysof the nation would not have sus-
pected he intended to restore a government in
these States republican in form, and restore an
elective representation under the. Constitution. His
one-tenth vote is a joke a little too practical on
the remaining nine tenths of the voters in the des-
ignated States. Who, sir, are the electors through
whom the President will establish a democratic
form of government in Louisiana and the ten re-
maining States? One tenth part of the voters of
each State, as shown by the vote of 1860 for Pres-
ident. As to the character and antecedents of the
electors who are to nurse this bantling of White
House republicanism the President shall speak
for himself. He
" Whereas it is now desired by some persons heretofore
engaged in saul rebellion to resume their allegiance to the
United State.'', and to reiuaugimite ioyal State governments
within and tor their respective States: Theretore I, Abra-
ham Lincoln, President of the United States, do proclaim,
declare, and make known to ail persons who have directly
orby implication j>ar£tcip«£e<iinthe existing rebellion," &.c.
_ Treason, sir, is the foundation of reconstruc-
tion, is to be the main pillar of universal liberty!
Men who return from rebel battle-fields crim-
soned with the blood of patriots, and who, for
three years, have with cruel ferocity hunted down
the Union-loving men of the secedcd States, are
the men who may constitute the one-tenth recon-
struction basis, no matter, sir, if their reeking
hands stain with the blood of recently slain pa-
triots the parchmentupon which the perjured oath
is written; provided only they are content, to be
the slavish instruments of Mr. Lincoln, they are
to be the warders of the inner temple of liberty
and the equals of their recent slaves. The basis
of our representative Government is that a majority
controls. The President has discovered, however,
that nil oath of fealty t'o himself is equal to the
votes of nine men, and the act of taking the oath
and voting gives a plain constitutional'majority.
Sir, the President oilers treason the fruits of its
iniquity rts a bribe, on condition the traitor will
piacltciilly senile to him another term of office
through the medium of sham electoral votes. I
am not averse to adjustments, consistent with the
honor-of the country, which will revive the laws
in the disaffected States; buta reconstruction upon
the policy of the proclamation is an utter impos-
sibility, and shocks all notions of representative
Government. Sir, the imposed oath is intended
to bind tho conscience of the voter to violate the
Constitution of the United States and the laws of
his own State, and to bind the supposed freeman to
support and maintain all future acts of Congress
and proclamations of the President upon the sub-
ject of slavery.
The proclamation binds to acts that the old laws
of the States make criminal; such an oath is not
binding, morally or legally. But, sir, suppose it
is taken by the requisite number, how long can it
be relied upon? He who has raised his parii-
cidal hand against his country, and the liberty and
happiness of the people, and shelters ftom the
penalties of treason under a slavish oath, will not
regard its obligations when it is safe to abandon
them.
The President in his message of the 4th of Julv
1861, says: y'
"It may well bp questioned whether there is to-day a
majority uHcgaliy qualified voters of any State cxccpt South
Carolina in Ja\or of disunion."
Til at must be the case to-day, unless the proc-
lamationsand unwise policy of the Administration
have dri ven Union men in the South into secession.
That there are loyal men in all the seceded States
no one doubts, and the President's message pla-
cing the traitor and the Union man whose prop-
erty he has destroyed and whose life lie has com-
passed in such relations is monstrous. To require
men who have stood m the South amid the dan-
gers of treason, whose property has been de-
stroyed, to take an oath contrary to any law, anij
insulting to an honorablemanhood, will'be chron-
icled as a monstrous tyranny.
This revolution has given birth" to a system of
oaths of which history makes no mention. Swear-
ing seems to be the mania of the President. He
seems confident of reconstructing the Union upon
affidavits. He feels quite sure he can have the
negro sworn into freedom and the white man
sworn down to his level. Would you pass from
the ranks of treason into the full-blown honors of
the Republic for good or eyil, you must swear.
Would you exercise the sacreu right of voting,
you must swear by Lincoln and the hegro. Would
you hold position or rob the people, the President
has some new-vamped oath which you have only
to take. No matter if the oaths are void, the Presi-
dent has a penchant for them, and is "satisfied the
Constitution can be destroyed and restored by af-
fidavits. If the Constitution had been a long affi-
davit, the President by proclamation, 1 presume,
would declare it had not and could not be violated.
Mr. Chairman, the proclamation and acts of
Congress relating to the States in rebellion' do not
look to a reconstruction of that constitutional
Union; they relate to the negro. I am willing to
leave him where the Constitution does, subject to
the vicissitudes of war. I am nota slavery propa-^
gandist, nor am I an abolitionist; but, sir, you'
couple the abolition of slavery with the freedom
and rights of tlie citizens, and the long tnnn of
abuses the white man has been subjected to is trace-
able to your abolition schemes. Millions of money
have been expended in furtherance of those de-
signs; the war has been prolonged and the strife
rendered more deadly by your policy. Sir, the
Government now is enlisting in our Army ne-
groes, not to fight our battles, but to furnish an
excuse of emancipation. An act of Congress of
this session provides for paying bounties to them,
and taxing the people to purchase their freedom.
Sir, under that act the War Department takes the
lame and the old, takes women uud children, under
pretense of recruiting, and conveys them within
the lines. The pretense that we depend upon the
negro to fight our battles is the false scheme of
abolitionism. Let no man be deceived; not one
white man less will be called out by reason of
negro recruits in the Army. The enormous call of
seven hundred thousand men was made that we
mighthave white men sufficientm thedraft, with-
out depending upon the prowess of negro slaves
as soldiers. Sir, arms are put into the hands of
that class to accomplish their freedom, and sooner
or later, if it he neccssaiy to that end, abolition
fanatics and negroes will turn these arms against
the people. Tho alfair bears the marks of the
incipient move toward the scenes'of St. Domin-
go. The effort to equalize the negro and depress
the white man will be futile. Call the cause pre-
judice, or what you will, laws and society are
made up by the aggregate mind, and that mind is
composed of reason,passions, likesand dislikes,
which must be respected by the lawgiver, and
can never be destroyed by any force.
Sir, our large Army is depicting the labor of
the country; millions cease to be producers and
are consumers. And you still remove from plan-
tations in loyal States and within the lines of
our Army the negro, who might upon tho soil
safely become a producer for the benefit of the
country. Hundreds and thousands are daily
brought in as additional burdens upon the over-
taxed people. Gentlemen on theotherside of the
House say they tue our childien and incapable
of taking care of themselves, and we must pro-
vide for them. Sir, these incompetents are the
negro soldiers an abolition press prates so much
about Sir, the negro policy of the Administra-
tion has already cost the country millions of dol-
lars to be raised by taxation, and if the people
will not in a proper manner stop it, will sow the
seeds of war and strife for generations. You say
slavery is the cause of the war. It was caused
by the ambition of men, and slavery seized as an
excuse for partisan ends. But, sir, if it.was the
causc of the war is it wise to adopt a policy which
will furnish ample causes for future wars? In
your efforts to remove the cause you may slay
the dragon, but, sir, you sow ins teeth, from
which will spring up armed men in deadly and
blind strife from generation to generation. Your
course, sir, is cruelty to the producing and labor-
ing classes of the loyal States. You tax their toil
to ultimately bring by their sides the competition
of negro labor and negro social relations, ^mem-
ber on this floor has stated our Army is an abo-
lition Army. This, sir, is not correct. The gen-
tleman mistakes the Army. It feels keenly the
negro-enlisting policy, but laws of discipline place
the soldier where he is compelled for the present
to submit, and he who supposes our soldiers ore
abolitionized docs them great injustice.
Mr. Chairman, I would be ready to expend all
the available means of the country to restore the
Union and laws and insure the safety of the coun-
try; but, sir, the people will pauseand inquire what
this favorite scheme of emancipation is costing
the nation. The value of all real and personal
property in the States not in secession, as esti-
mated in 1860, was $10,957,£30,561. This sum
covers muchunproductiveland. Our indebtedness
at this time is more than one third of this value,
with an expense of over one million dollars per
day, adding to the present debt. With the increase
of indebtedness that it is reasonable to expect •
from the course of the Administration, three years'
longer conflict will leave upon us a debt exceeding
the entire value of the property of the loyal States.
Gentlemen on this floor figure the sums, and de-
clare the labor of the country by small contribu-
tions from cach year's earning can keepdown thte
interest of this debt. Sir, upon all the property
included in the estimate labor cannot earn more
than two and a half per cent, upon the capital of
the country, while the enormous debt calls upon
the produce of labor upon capital for notless than
six per cent. How long can any nation end ure this,
and how long will it be before capital will own the
entire labor of the counfry; the laboring classes
become subjected to the capitalists not of this
country only, but of Europe? Sir, witli three
years' more continuance of prodigality and cur-
rent expenses not a man in the country will be
worth one dollar; the Government lien for taxes
will be equal to all his effects. All personal prop-
erty and 1'ibor is now taxed, and direct taxation
upon lands must soon follow.
I desire to notice, before closing, one or two
remarks, sir, of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. H. Winter Davis.] In his remarks in the
House he said:
"But it is necessary now to determine our policy re-
specting the negroes when freed; to form some definite
Ideas as to what shall be the future of the negro l.-icc; in
other words, wiiat disposition wc will make of them when
we have broken the masters' yoke, when Maryland shall
have biokon it hereafter, wben Missouii shall have finally
broken it, when West Vaginia -shall have finally biokeii
it, and when slavery in all the rebel States shall have bseu
destioyed and broken up in fact."
I understand from this he desires the aboli-
tion ofslavery by the war power or some other
means; but those who are familiar with the tortu-
ous courseof thegentleman politically,and know
the fact that he appears upoii the sui face only
when some trouble or violence distracts his dis-
trict, will not receive his convictions as those of
his State, or even of the district he represents,
without further knowledge than the mere fact of
a commission and seat in this House. The hon-
orable member also opposes colonization of the
emancipated negro, and desires him to remain
with the white population in the midst of which
lie has been a slave; the gentleman insists that
there is no danger of a war of races, and that the
African can obtain and quietly retain a position
as a freeman with those who have held him ns a
slave, and he puts to members the sophistical in-
quiry following:
"Mr. Speaker, what is the foundation of this view.5 The
negro ini!.-t be colonized if he be free, or a war of races
will exterminate liiin! What justifies this alternative?
Will gentlemen tell me where in the history ot the world
they find the fact upon which they base that asloundinq
geneiahzation? Civilized people have oveiborne t-avaKes,
men ot one leligion have borne down irion of a different re-
ligion, ambition has overturned otic nation by another; but
where in tlie history ot the woi !ii there any oa^e of a na-
tion goiri£,to wotk to exieiminate alnrge poition of unpeo-
ple ot anotlnji iace living m the mul^t of it, of tho same
lehgion, civilized in the «aino mann<n, conforming to its
laws, subject to its will, willing to work for its wages, not
ambitious, and not, disturbing the public peace, because
they arc of a different race? Where l* tho iiwancc in the
history of the woild of the subjugation and ma^acro of a
different race under these ciicuui&tances.?'J
Living1 in tue midst of it, of tho same rpJigion,
ctvibzcu in the same manner, conforming to its
laws, subject to its will, willing to work for its
, wages, not ambitious and Dot disturbing the pub-
lic peace. Why, sir, tho gentleman wupposes a
state of facts which he cannot show i« applicable
