2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
measure. There is not in the immediate bill be-
fore us, but we are establishing a rule. The pre-
cedent thaUwe establish to-day if we should pass
this bill will be quoted upon us before we adjourn
next month or the month after next. After we have
established it in several cases, as we shall do by
the passage of this bill, it will become the settled
law, the common understanding of the country,
that the widow of a brigadier is to have fifty dol-
lars a month in place of thirty dollars. 1 ask Sen-
ators to put the question to themselves how it is
possible for us to resist the claims of subordinate
officers and their families if we are goingtoraise
at so great a rate the pensions of general officers.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Iowa says
there is a mistake as to what the practice of the
Senate has been. I do not pretend to know. I
only read from the remarks made by the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions, who, I sup-
posed, understood the matter, and who I sup-
pose still understands the matter, and he says that
this has been " the action of Congress during the
whole existence of the Government." When that
bill was under consideration the Senator from
Iowa, who has addressed the Senate in reference
to the question of precedent, answered then in
anticipation the speech which he makes now.
He said:
" It is supposed that each ha<* been accustomed to move
in a certain ascending scale socially, arid that as their life
1ms increased and tlieii years have increased, their respons-
ibilities to thoir families and their connections have been
increased. I suppose that is the thcoiy on which the.se
grades have been established, and on which we have here-
tofore laired up the pensions as you proceeded up in tank.
As the law now stands, Mrs. Smith would ho entitled to
only tiuity dollais a month, or the pension to which she
would be entitled it" she was the widow of a lieutenant col-
onel. Being the widow of a major general, it is proposed
to give her a,pension of fifty dollars a month, the *aim;pen-
sion that has been given foj this Senate since I have been
;i member of it to lour different wuIowh of officers, some of
them only colonels in lineal rank, nooneot whom died in
battle, and not one of whom died until some considerable
time after he had been engaged in actual seivice.
"Now, it is said that this will e^ablifh a pieoed'-nt."
I am rending from the speech of (ho Senator
from Iowa, made on ."June 30, 186'~:
•'I do not think it will. I ant wilhwr, at nnv rate, to
tiuM myself to decide evciy individual caso that maybe
pir-entcd upon its merits, and not to be led ofl to grant to
ever) major geneial'H widow or eveiy bugadier geneial's
widow the pension that I would giant to one who is the
widow ot one of the most meritorious oflieeis in the pub-
he si'ivice."
Perhaps I shall be accused of moral forgery for
not rending the whole of the Senator's speech;
but having read all that I think pertinent to the
question, 1 leiHre it.
Mr. President, I take it for granted that the ac-
tion of the Government has been uniform in this
direction; and tl^it being the case, if it is with-
holds from the widow of General Whipple, it
will be taken, and it cannot but be taken, as an
invidious distinction against her and against the
character of her deceased husband, f have not
a word to say against the fame of General Smith,
ngainst his murits, against everything that has
been said in his behalf. It is said that he served
his country some forty years. Mr. President*,
General Whipple served Jus comih y during all
the years that he lived, from his boyhood; and
if he did not serve it as long as General Smith
did,-it was because, under the providence of the
God of battles, he sacrificed his life for his coun-
try before he readied the maturity of years that
General Smith attained. That is the only dis-
tinction; and if there is any distinction to be raised
against General Whipple in that regard, it lies
asumstthe piovulenceof God rather than against
the character of the man.
Sir, it was my fortune to know General Whip-
ple, to know him somewhat intimately, to know
him in his family as well as on the field, and I
venture to say, and I will say it in this presence
arid m the presence of everybody, that a more
upright, a more brave,a more conscientious, and
a more patriotic soldier never periled his life for
his countiy. He left but very little property.
He left a widow and three children, the eldest of
whom I think at tjie time of his death was not
more than sixteen years of age. And I ask you,
sir, if this is the time and this the case for our
nation to enter upon its career of economy and
save $210 a year at this moment, at this critical
point of our history. What is the picture that
we present After lymgin the valley of humili-
ation and sending1 up prayers from every hill-.sidc
and valley all over the land to the God of battles
that He. would bare His arm in behalf of our na-
tional life and our national salvation, now when
the heart of the nation is buoyant, and from every
temple, from every cottage, and from every heart,
shouts of thanksgiving aie going up to the God
of battles that He has lffeard our prayers, bared
His arm in our behalf,and is about giving us the
victory, giving to our nation new life and new
hope, and the country is rejoicing as it never re-
joiced before, you propose to give a new cause of
thanksgiving to the nation and tell them we have
not only achieved a great victory, we have not
only received this great boon from the God of
battles, but we have entered upon a new and a
glorious career of victory, and we have smitten
the widow and the orphans of a brave general,
and taken from them whose husband and father
has sacrificed his life on our behalf the pittance
of §240 a year, which we are going to save and
put into the national Treasury, and thank God
for that also.
Sir, it is said we cannot afford to pay this pen-
sion. Let me ask you if wc can afford to rob
this widow? I do not believe wc can. I should
be ashamed to meet the widow and orphans of a
man who peiiled and sacrified his life in our be-
half after such an act as this. Wc aie raising
the rank and the pay of the officers that are alive.
Wc have done it constantly, and are doing it al-
most every day; but we forget those that have
perished in our behalf. The Senator from Connec-
ticut thinks our pension roll will be $10,000,000.
Let it be $30,000,000, let it be $30,000,000 a year,
and I tell you the people of this country will pay
it gladly, cheerfully, joyfully, rather than have
the national character blasted, as it would be
blasted by such an act as the refusal to pass this
bill would be.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move to lay the billon
the table; and I desire, not to indulge in debate,
but to remark that I make this motion in order to
put a test to the Senate. Our committee will un-
derstand if this bill passes that they are instructed
to take up these special cases and pass upon them
as they ai ise; otherwise we will adhere to general
rules and follow the policy indicated by our re-
ports on this subject.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 11, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Buokalew, Fessendcn, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, flailan,Henderson, Hendricks, yanMmry, Wade,
and Wilson—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Clark,Conner,Davis,Dixon,
Doolittle, Hale, Ilarns, Howard, Johnson, Moigan, Mori ill,
Nestnith, Potueroy, Ramsey, Richardson, Sumner, Ten
Eyek, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Willey—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ihowu, Carhle, Chandler, Collamer,
Cowan, Hauling, Ilicks, Uou e. Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, MeDouuall, Powell, Kiddie, Sherman, fcjprague,
TiumlmiUaud Wright.
So the Senate lefused to lay the bill on the
table.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time,and passed.
WIDOW OF GENERAL BERRY.
Mr. HALE. There are two other bills of
exactly a similarcharacter that itwas understood
were to come up after the one which has just been
passed. There will probably be no debate on
them, and f now move to take up Senate bill
No, 44.
Tiie motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
44) granting <i pension to the widow of the late
Major General Hiram G. Deiry was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, ft proposes to
direct the Secretaiy of the Interior to place the
name of Ilerry, widow of Major General Hi-
rani G. Berry, on the pension roll, at the rate of
fifty dollars a month, from the 3d of May, 18G3,
to continue during her widowhood.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the blank be
filled by inserting the name Eliza.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That name
will be inserted.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
WIDOW OF GENERAL BAKER.
Mr. HALE. 1 move now to take up the bill
for the relief of the widow of General Baker.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No. j
leW) for the relief of Mary A. Raker, widow of 1
Brigadier General Edward D. Baker, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary A. Baker, widow of
Brigadier General Edward D. Baker, on the pen-
sion roll,at the rate of fifty dollars a month,from
the 21st of October, 1861, to continue during her
widowhood.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand that
Colonel Baker was a general in the service of the
United States. I believe he was simply a colonel.
Mr. CONNESS. My impression is that he
was acting as a brigadier.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that Colonel
Baker, who was a member of the Senate, was
commissioned as the head of the California regi-
ment, and he was killed leading that regiment
into action at Ball's Bluff. He was offered a
brigadiership, or rather, I think, a major general-
ship in the service of the United State, but he
never accepted it. I was told at the time that it
was tendered to him; but wishing to retain his
seat in the Senate of the United States he did not
wish to accept such an appointment, as it would
vacate his seat here; and lie was in reality never
a general, but a colonel. There have been hun-
dreds of colonels who have sacrificed their lives
in the service of the country during this war,
who have left widows, and left them at the pen-
sion of thirty dollarsamonth. If we are to adopt
this system in these cases why not in other cases?
Here we are taking up and deciding special cases
when it seems to me we ought to decide this ques-
tion on general principles, and 1 think we arc in-
curring great risks here to-day in the votes wc
are giving.
Mr. CONNESS. When the Senator from
Pennsylvania made a motion that the bill for the
relief of the widow of General Whipple lie on
the table, and stated that the committee would
regard it as a test question in accordance with
which they would hereafter recommend the pas-
sage of special bills of this character, were it not
for the nature of the motion that the Senator made
to lay on the table, I would have suggested that
the decision of the Senate against the motion of
the Senator would rather indicate that the com-
mittee should report a general bill on this subject;
but these three bills, 1 believe, are all that are
now presented, and as the other two have passed,
I think it would be rather invidious to make this
an exceptional case.
I think we are not clear on the subject as to
whether Edward D. Baker was a brigadier gen-
eral or an acting origadier general or a colonel.
We do know that his case was a very peculiar
one. Wc do know that he died withoutestate.
We do know that his widow lives, and as the
Senate have acted rather on the impulse of gen-
erosity to-day in acting on these other cases, and
as the case of Baker is one that certainly is a very
remarkable one, one that the mind of the coun-
try is directed at, and as he served us well in a
civil position and m one of the highest in the
country, and gave his life, it appears to me that
as the bill is now before the Senate it ought not
to be passed by. After its passage let the Com-
mittee on Pensions propose some general rule in
accordance with the wish of the Senate expressed
to-day. I hope no exception will be made in this
ease,, and, although itis a case to someextentan
exceptional one, the bill will pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs to state
that at the time of the death of Mr. Baker he was
a colonel in the volunteer service of the United
States. I do not understand that to the widows
of any officers who have died in the service of the
United States, except the widows of majorgener-
als, has any such pension as this everbeen given;
and I understand too that in every case that has
been presented to the Senate of a major general
dying in the service  
Mr. NESM1TH. Permit me. I wiH*cxpiam
the condition of that. Colonel Baker was in com-
mand of a regimentraised in Philadelphia, known
as the California regiment. He had some time
prior to his death been commissioned a brigadier
general; he had that commission on him at the
time he fell, but I believe had never qualified
under it. He was colonel in command of his
regiment, and he had the commission of a briga-
dier geneial in his pocket.
