THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25.
Mr. HOWARD. I will inquire of my friend
from Ohio whether this subject has not been re-
ferred to a committee, and been reported upon.
Mr. SHERMAN, The majority of the Com-
fllittee on the Libraiy have agreed upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly it may be true,
as the Senator from Ohio remarks, that it was
supposed when he had come to the end of the
sixth volume he had finished his labors; but he
discovered his mistake, ah4 he only verified the
truth of what Byron says 
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will allow
me, Dr. Schoolcraft never said that the work was
completed at any time. He had not finished the
materials'which he had collected by order of the
Government; but Congress then stopped the work.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not know what may
have been the opinion of Mr. Schoolcraft. At
all events, authors are apt to verify the lines of By-
Tonthatthereisnothingsodifficult as a beginning
in poetry unless perhaps the end. That is prob-
ably true in this case, and it is by no means cer-
tain that the work will be brought to a close even
by this appropriation; but, as I remarked before,
as we have purchased the others, let us dispose
of him as well as we can. I think I shall vote for
tliis appropriation.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Michigan
has anticipated very much what I proposed to
say. I rose at the same time he did. If this
were a new question I should not see my way to
vote for the appropriation; but we have already
begun and gtme far with this work. It has be-
come almost a national monument. Perhaps no
publication of our country has been regarded
with more interest by the scientific world abroad
than these volumes relating to the North Amer-
ican Indians. Mr. Schoolcraft was recognized
everywhere as a master of all the knowledge re-
lating to the aborigines of our country. Ho is
now in a sad condition, but he has accumulated
materials which, I Understand, with assistance
he will be able to compile. As we have begun
the publication of this work I am disposed not to
stop until it is finished, although if the question
were now whether we should begin I should not
see my way clear in voting for it.
Mr. HARLAN. When the G uvtrnment of
the United States appoints nil officer to make a
survey or exploration there is an official reason
for publishing his report at the expense of the
Government. Having been appointed to inves-
tigate any particular subject, scientific or other-
wise, the object of the appointment cannot be
fully realized without the publication of the re-
sult of his researches, and hence Congress has
from time to time made appropriations to pay for
books of this character, purely scientific in their
nature, and ndt directly connected with the or-
dinary machinery of Government-, but that hud
grown to be a terrible abuse, and a few years ago
there was an effort made to discontinue publica-
tions of that^jnd. To illustrate: when Congress
originally ordered the publication of the report
of the Pacific railroad surveys, I suppose no one
contemplated that tt would consist of more than
one quarto volume of five or six hundred pages,
and yet we now have twelve quarto volumes,
enormous books, on that subject,and I think the
publication is not ended yet. We ordered the
publication of the Stevens report. I think it
was stated when the publication was ordered that
it would constitute one additional volume of the
usual size. One volume was printed; then they
have printed part one and part two and part three
of the usual size, and whether the work has been
completed or not I apprehend no member of the
Senate knows. Whether part four will not be
found on our desks at the next session of Con-
gress, printed, bound,and embellished,is aques-
tion that I am not prepared to decide, and 1 ap-
prehend nobody is. _ When you once order a
work it seems to be impossible to get to the end
of it.
Now, to come to the question more directly be-
fore the Senate, Congress originally ordered the
publication of ceatatn papers collected by Mr.
Schoolcraft connected with the history, manners,
and habits of the Indian tribes in North America.
The woik was sent to the printer, and one enor-
mous volume was published, then another arid
another and another, from year to year, until six
vast volumes were completed. It was then un-
derstood that the whole work was at last ended,
and, as has been stated here to-day, the plates and
lithographs, and everything of that kind that had
been connected with the publication, although
Government property, were donated to the author.
It was in the beginning a purely private enter-
prise, of no possible consequence to the Govern-
ment or any one of its officers. But since the
'Government decided to end its connection with
this work it seems that these parties profess to
have collected other papers and additional in-
formation on that subject of Indians, and this
provision proposes an additional appropriation
to pay for their publication. Whyso? If the pro-
posed work is valuable, why can it not be pub-
lished by a book publisher? It certainly would sell
in the market if the information be desirable. If
the information is not desirable the work would
not sell, and it would not be profitable to a pri-
vate publisher, and hence the necessity of-com-
ingto Congress forasubsidy. No author would
dream of coming to Congress for a subsidy to
him to publish a work'that he expected would
attract I he attention of intelligent readers, because
the profits in that case would probably be enor-
mous to the publisher.
But the reason for the proposed appropriation
in this case seems to consist in the fact that the
authors themselves aie unable to find a private
publisher with whom they can make a contract
to publish their work. The private publishers,
looking at the character of the collections or com-
pilations, believe that it will not be of sufficient
interest to justify the publication. Hence they
come to Congress, ana the Library Committee
propose to saddle the expense on the nation. If
it were the report of ail officer of this Government
detailed to make an investigation, to explore the
country, or to collect information under the laws
of the United States, he would be unable to pro-
cure a copyright, and hence would hardly be able
to interest the trade sufficiently to secure the pub-
lication, however important or popular; hencc the
necessity, it seems to me, for publishing it at the
public expense to realize the object of the Gov-
ernment in making the appointment; but in this
case we have never authorized the collection of
these additional papers, and clearly intimated
to the parties that all connection of the Govern-
ment with the enterprise was ended and the whole
thing concluded; but these parties, prompted by
private interest, have collected other papers; and
finding no publisher willing to risk the success of
the new books in the market to defray expenses,
the authors have been hanging around Congress
here for two or three years to obtain the aid of
the Government. This is not a new thing. The
parties in intcrestjiave been hanging around this
body lobbying to secure the sympathy and votes
of members for several years in order to get a
subsidy to enable them to publish a work that
they believe will not command sufficient interest
in the country with the reading public to justify
a private publisher in printing the work. ' If we
take up works of this kind and print them at the
public expense 1 cannot see any end to it. IfMr.
Schoolcraft needs help, and the Government is
under any obligations to support him, give him
a pension at once and avoid the hypocrisy of or-
dering the publication of new books for the use
of the Library which nobody wants and which
consequently nobody will publish, when the real
object is to grant assistance to an indigent old
man whose friends importune for aid on the ground
of charity.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope this amendmentwill
not be adopted. 1 hope that at this time there
will be no $10,000or$l,000 appropriated for any
such purpose. I think that the necessities of this
people and of this Government are sufficiently
tried in the expenditure of money without appro-
priating it to such a purpose as can do nobody '
any good at this time certainly. I cannot see that I
the Government or people of this country aie to {
be benefited by the appropriation. ' I
There is another point about it. I am told by
Senators that ihe persons who are to receive this
money are not altogether loyal. That would be
a sufficient reason with me to vote against the ap-
propriation at this time. The fact that they are
not loyal, that the appropriation is not necessary
to carry on the war, and that the people of the
coKntry will not be benefited by it, are to me
sufficient reasons why the appropriation should
not be made.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I presume that if these
persons, about whom I know nothing either per-
sonally or by reputation, are notdoyal, there is
some, evidence accessible to Congress to prove
that fact. Perhaps there is'some judgment of a
court of competent jurisdiction that has tried that
question and ascertained tiiat they are not loyal.
Ifsuch a record exists anywhere, perhaps it would
be proper to produce it. I know of no way of
determining the loyalty of persons except that
mode which the law points out. That is by judi-
cial process, by a judgment of a court having
competent jurisdiction, where the charge is made
in a legal form and determined on legal principles;
but if any individual's private judgment is to be
the standard of loyalty of everybody else, I think
it is a very unsatisfactory mode of determining it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I presume there are many
ways of testing the loyalty of people, and I pre-
sume that in this case loyalty might have been
tested in a way that I would have tested a case
yesterday. Yesterday in riding in the cars of
the horse railroad from this Capitol to the Treas-
ury Department, an incident occurred which may
perhaps be a sufficient illustration as to the_test
of loyalty. A rebel prisoner under charge of a
sentry stepped into the car. He was very dirty
and very wild and very haggapd; he evidently
put on as desperate a look as it was possible for
a man to put on. His countenance, his whole
.appearance was daring, belligerent. He created
some attention but no one spoke until finally a
well-dressed man stepped in from the street and
sat opposite this prisoner. He looked at him for
a moment or two,and just before I found myself
at my destination he asked the sentry a question
which I did not hear. He then asked the prisoner
"From what regiment are you?" The reply
was, " I am from the second." " Second what?"
"The second Virginia cavalry." " Have you
any money ?" " 1 have ten dollars in cnnfedeiate
money." "Have you any greenbacks?" "I
have one dollar." " Do you wantsome money?"
" Yes." He took out his pocket-book and tend-
ered the mail ten dollars. He handed it in a way
to attract the attention of every person in that far,
and his manner was defiant. He was a citize"n of
this town, receiving its protection.
I presume that no Senator will think that I was
not justified in believing that the man who gave
money to that prisoner in that way sympathized
with the rebellion, and I presume that Senators
who have spoken to the lady that is to receivo
this money, when they have tested her by her
conversation, find that the impressions left on
their minds are that she is not loyal, and they
certhinly have a right to believe that without an
investigation of the matter in a court of law.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ]9, nays 18; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, (Jarliie, Collainer, Davis,
Foot, Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morrill,
t'omoroy, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Kiddle, Saulbbury, "
Sumner, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Anlhony, Blown, Ciarir, Conness, Di\-
i on, Gililies. Hale, Harlan, Hicks, Lane of Indiana, Lane
i of Kansas, Morgan, Ncsinitli, Sherman, Sprajrue, Trumbull,
j Wade, and Wilkinson—18.
, ABSENT—Messrs. Chandler, Cowan, Doolittle, Fesseu-
den, Fostiji, Hauling, Henderson, McDougall, Ten Bvek,
Vail Winkle, Wiiiey, and Wright—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to offer the following
amendment as ail additional section:
■And he itjurther enacted, That tile Attorney General be,
and ho is hereby, authotized to contract on behalf ol the
United States for the printing and publishing ot the unpub-
lished Opinions of the Attorneys General of the United
States delivered since the 4 th of Match, 1857, on the terms
i following, namely - the said Opinions to be published in
I as many volumes as may be necessary, which shall be, as
, to the quality, the paper, printing, and hindim;, ot uniform
stjle cUKl appearance with the eighth volume 7if saidOpin-
! ion-S published by Hubert Farnham in the vear I83B, ami as
nearly as possible of uniform size with said eighth volume,
j and which shall be numbered in regular order alter the said
eighth volume, the copyright thereof to be taken out by and
[ to be lor the use ot'the publisher, who shall deliver to the
1 Attorney General for the Use of the United States, within
onemonth alter the publication thereof, tin ee hundred sets
ot said volumes at the price of four dollars per volume, pay-
able after tiiey are so dehveied. And the Attorney Geneial
is hereby authorized to employ a competent person to edit
and prepare the said Opinions for publication .ts afore-saul,
with proper head notes and indexes, ami to siipri vise the
said publication. When the said three hundred sets shall
have been delivered for the use of the United Stales, ilie At-
torney Geneial shall cause them to be distributed ,\s lollop:
fortlie President of tile United States, two set-; fertile De-
partment of State. ten rets; for the Dcp.itIm ml ol' the
