1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the case. Not ambitious, subject to the will
of the whites, conforming to the laws of the coun-
try, civilized in the same manner, not disturbing
the public peace! The gentleman takes for
granted that'all these suppositions will prove cor-
rect if the negro is emancipated, and draws de-
ductions from a state of facts created by his im-
agination. Sir, will the emancipated negro
slave, under the influences of a morbid abolition-
ism, conform to the laws, be subject. to the will
of the nation, will he be willing to labor, will he
be unambitious, will he not be the cause of the
disturbance of the public peace?
All of the questions must be settled before the
conclusions of the member from the Baltimore
district can be sustained. Sir, he supposes a state
of facts that does not exist in history. The eman-
cipated slave will be jealous, of his newly con-
ferred position; the white man will ill consent to
be jostled by the black barbarian. The difference
of caste will constantly remind the one of his
former inferior position, and beget an insolence
toward his superior fend former master.
The white man will not forget that the negro
has been his slave and inferior, and the sudden
legal and political equality of the races will be the
source of annoyance to the superior race, and of
jealousy and hatred to the inferior. The differ-
ence of color will-continue these remembrances
from one generation to another. The negro will
either be ambitious, or be to all intents a slave,
though nominally free. His struggles for a prac-
tical equality will be resisted and engender the
contempt and angei of his superior.
Nor will he be civilized by the same means the
white man is. The latter finds civilization by the
workings of his indomitable will; the negro civil-
izes only as he comes in contact with his supe-
rior. He is raised and improved, notby his own,
but by the will end energies of another race, and
when he passes beyond this influence he relapses
into barbarism. Will he labor? Sir, when left
to himself he is the child of indolence. Itis well
known the free negro labors better in the slave
than in the non-slaveholding States. This lesults
from two causes: firstly, the example of slave la-
bor; secondly, the more complete influence of the
white race over the black in States where a large
proportion of them are held in slavery.
Sir, if all the slaveholding States see lit to eman-
cipate the slave in a legal manner, involving no
violence, I would be willing to witness the fact
and pleased at its accomplishment. But, sir,
emancipation and forcing an equality between the
races arc different matters. But abolitionists will
not be satisfied with emancipation. They will
press the equality and mingling of the races until
a war of extermination Will destroy the negro or
drive him back again to bondage. Sir, we can-
not remodel mankind by legislation. We must
take the races with their differences, their pas-
sions and prejudices, and if we ave wise will act
with a reference to them for the best interests of
all.
Mr. Chairman, St. Domingo has been referred
to. The war in the island originated during the
Fiench Revolution, and not, as I read the history
of the times, because the French Assembly had
freed the negroes, but because emancipationists
had tampered with the negro, conferred on the
free negro the right of voting, and afterward de-
nied the right; had placed arms in the hands of
the free negro, and inspired him with a desire of
equality with the white residents, which they in-
dignantly iejected.; and here, after the first steps
toward equality in the French portion of the isl-
and, began that^fearful war of races; the negro
being the stronger exterminated the white xace to
all intents.
But, sir, what was the condition of Hayti after
the negro became the master of (he land? The
pioductsof the island were merely nominal, those
branches of industry requiring considerable labor
were neglected, and it was declared in the con-
stitution of ltfUG that no white man should hold
landed property in the island. In l?S9 the pop-
ulation m the French portion of the island was as
follows, to wit: whites, 30,856; free people of
color, 27,548; slaves, 465,429.
The state of industry after the independence is
shown by the following statistics: clayed sugar
under the free Government in 1789, the export
annually exceeded 47,500,000 French pounds,
and diminished under Toussaini's Government
to 16,500 pounds, and under Pitiou's rule to 198
pounds in 1818, and in 1820 to 2,700 pounds.
The article of coffee for export in 1789 under
French rule was 76,835,219 pounds, in 1801 itde-
clined to 43,420,270 pounds, from 1819 to 1824it
was about 35,000,000 pounds, and in 1826 about
32,000,000 pounds.
It is useless to follow the matter further. The
British historian admits industry declined after
the independence of Hayti.
Mr. HARDING obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky yield to me for a moment?
Mr. HARDING. I will if the time occupicd
by the gentleman is not to be taken out of my
time. ,,
The CPM.IRMAN. That can be done if there
is no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. HARDING. Then I yield to the gentle-
man for a few minutes.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 only desire to say, Mr.
Chairman, that I was not in the House this morn-
ing when my colleague from the twentieth dis-
trict [Mr. Mooriiead] read his speech; but I un-
derstand that he devoted a large portion of it to
a review of the positions I took in the speech
which I delivered on the 24th ultimo. I shall
examine his remarks as soon as they are printed,
and if I find that an answer is necessary I promise
to reply at the earliest moment I can get the floor.
Mr. HARDING resumed the floor.
Mr. NOBLE. If the gentleman from Kentucky
will yield to me 1 will move that the committee do
now iise. I think we have been in session long
enough.
Mr. HARDING. With the understanding that
I am to have the floor when the House next goes
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I will yield for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
by a vote of the House yesterday this is the last
day for general debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the Presi-
dent's message.
Mr. HARDING. Then, if that is the case, I
cannot yield.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will proceed.
ACTS AND POLICY OF THE ADMINISTRATION,
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Chairman, after three
years of bloody strife have we not reached a point
where we may well pause and survey the past?
A generous and confiding people have met and
supplied with men and money all the demands
of this Administration. More than three thou-
sand million dolhus have been expended and not
less than eight hundred thousand lives have been
sacrificed. After this vast expenditure of blood
and treasure by this Administration why are all
the prospects of the futuie overshadowed with
clouds and darkness; why have" the fond hopes
of the people been disappointed; and why is there
not presented some cheeiing hope of preserving
the Constitution and restoring the Union? Sir,
the answer is found m the fact that the Adminis-
tration and paity in power, at an early stage of
the .war betrayed the cause of the Union they
had professedly espoused with so much ardor.
They became a disloyal and revolutionary party,
and their whole policy has been little else than a
fierce warfare upon the Constitution and the Union.
They have expended almost to exhaustion the
blood and treasure of a great nation, not to pre-
serve and maintain the Government of our fathers,
but to establish on its ruins a new and different
one.
Mr. Chan man, I charge the Administration and
party in power with the open violation of the
Constitution, according to their own interpreta-
tion of its meaning. 1 charge them with disre-
garding and trampling under foot their own sol-
emn pledges made to the country. I charge them
with a gross violation and abandonment of their
own declared and published policy, alter a large
and gallant army had been gathered under it.
And by these acts they have furnished ampleevi-
dencc of their own disloyalty to the Government.
Mr. Chairman, what is loyaity under our foim
of government? it is to be true and faithful to
the~Consfitufion. The whole idea is expressed m
the oath of office, " to support the Constitution."
He who does that is a loyal man, and he who
willfully fails to do that is disloyal, whether he be
found North or South, in Congress or out of it.,
Mr. Chairman, the party in power, stimulated
by the mad fury and fanatical frenzy of northern
abolitionists, has exhibited one of its boldest vi-
olations of the Constitution in executive procla-
mations and congressional legislation oxi the sub-
ject of slavery in the States.
That slavery in the States is recognized end
guarantied by the Constitution, and that no de-
partment of the Federal Government has any
power to interfere with that institution,- is, in
my judgment, one of the clearest propositions of
constitutional law. But, sir, I do not propose to
rest the question on my own opinion. I appeal
to the highest and most undoubted authority.
In oneof his great speeches, that greatest of men,
Daniel Webster, after expressing his opposition
to the extension of slavery in theTerritories,said*.
" We have slavery already among us. The Constitution
found il among us; it recognized it, and gave it solemn
guarantees. To the full extent of these guarantees! we are
all bound in honor, in justiee, and by the Constitution."
* * * * " Slavery, as it exists in the States, is
beyond the reach of Congress. Itis a concern of the States
themselves ; they have never submitted it to Congress, and
Congress lias no rightful power over it. I shall concur,
therefore, in no act, no measure, no menace, no indication
ot purpose, which shall inteifere, oi Uneaten to interfere,
with the exclusive authority of the seveial States over the
subject of slavery as it exists withiu their respective lim-
,its."
On another occasion, in a speech in the Senate,
Mr. Webster said:
" I have often, Mr. President, expressed the opinion that
over slavery as it exists in the States this Government has
no control whatever. It is entirelyand exclusively a State
concern. And whil£ it is thus clear that Congie s has no
diiect power over the subject, it isoui duty to take care ihat
the' authority of this Government i-  not bt ought to hear upon
it by any indirect interference whatever."
And at a still later period, recurring again to
the same subject, in a public speech, Mr. Web-
ster said:
" I hold that Congress is absolutely precluded fiom inter-
fering in any manner, direct or inUnect, with this [slaveiy)
as with any oilier of the institutions of uie Si.itrv." *
* + * <{ I say that there is no power, direct or in-
direct, in Congress, oi the General Government, to inter-
fere in the slightest degree with the institutions of the
South."
That is the voice of a profound constitutional
lawyer, a great statesman and patriot—the voice
of an honest man. How strangely it contrasts
with the insane ravings of modern abolitionists!
And yet Mr. Webster was no friend of slavery;
far from it; but he would not stab through the
Constitution of his country to reach and picrce
slavery. The authority of Webster on this sub-
ject is indorsed and brought home to the party in
power by President Lincoln himself. In his in-
augural address, and just before taking the oath
to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution,-
Mr. Lincoln said:
" I have no purpose, directly or indhectly, to interfere
with the institution of slavery in the States wheie it exists.
I believe I have no lawful right to do j-o.und I have no in-
clination to do so. Those who nominated and elected me
did so with the full knowledge that! had made this and
many similar declarations, ami had never iccanted them.
And, mote than this, they placed in the platform for my
acceptance, and as a law to themselves a.id to me, the cleat
and emphatic ievolution which i now n-ad:
« ' Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the rights
of the States, and especially the riaht of each State to order
and control its own domestic institutions according to its
own judgment exclusively, is L^catiut to that balance of
pmvpr on which the perfection and endurance of our polit-
ical fabric depend.'"
Mr. Chairman, the resolution then read by the
President was a part of the Chicago platform,
adopted by the Republican party and himself as
a law to them and to him. Some weeks ago, de-
siring to see whether that party could be checked
in their revolutionary eaieer by their own law, I
drew up, myself, and submitted to this House the
i exact resolution read by the President at his in-
I auguration, word for woid, and moved the prc-
! vious question on it. And though the conscrva-
i tive members were all for it on this side of the
j House, it could not be passed. Ii3 own authors
j icpudiated and disowned it, seventy-three mem*
: bers on that side of the House voting to lay it on
| the table. Where now is this law of that party?
.! Where are all their solemn pledges made to the
i| country? All, with the Constitution, violated
i; and under the feet of the President and ins party,
ji Mr. Chairman, as the President must be re-
garded a competent witness, especially to testify
I; against himself and his own party, I ask atten-
lUion to the letter of Secretary Seward to Mr. Day-
