1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
PAY 0K CONSULS.
Mr.GRIDER also submitted a resolution, which
was read, considered, and agreed to, instructing
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to inquire into
the expediency of regulating upon some more
equitable scale the salaries and puy of our consuls
abroad, and, ifnccessary, report a bill to increase
such salaries as are insufficient.
AMENDMENT OF A RULE.
Mr. YEAMAN submitted aproposition, which
was referred to the Committee on Rules, to amend
the 134th rule by adding thereto the following:
And when any hill, resolution, or report is ordered to be
printed, tlu'ic shall be twenty-five extra copies panted for
the use ot the member introducing it.
CONSUL-GENERAL GIDDINGS, ETC.
Mr. GARFIELD. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Pie&identbe roqueted, if consistent
with tiie public* interest, to communicate to this House Mich
inloiuiation a< may be m the State Depaitment touching
the airt-bt ol out eonsifl gennal lo ihe [3iittf.ii North Ameri-
can Pioviuces; and such official communications touching
our Canadian commeice as may have been made by the
Colonial Secietary or other Canadian or Butioh officer to
our Government, or either of its Executive Depaitments.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire that that reso-
lution shall go over with other resolutions asking
for information.
The SPEAKER. The resolution lies over one
day under the rules.
PERFECT AND UNALTERABLE LIBERTY.
Mr. SMITH offered the following resolution,
and moved the previous question on Us adoption:
Whereas a ino-t desperate, wicked,andbloodyrebellion
exi-sis within the juiisdielion ol tiie United States, and the
safety and security of pei-onal and national hbeity depend
upon it? absolute and utter extinction : Therefoie,
Resolved, That it is the political, civil, moral, and sacred
duty of the people to meet it, fight it, ciu.-h it, and for-
dVerdestioy it, thereby establishing perfect and unalterable
libeity.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays,
and demanded tellers on ordering the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Loyejoy
and Coffrotii were appointed.
The IIousc divided; and the tellcis reported—
ayes forty-seven.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, Au-
coiid, Jill'??-, J.lint-- S. Blown, Fieeinan Claike, Cole, Cox,
Dawson, Denni-on, Ed<-n, Eldridge, Fuifk. Harding, Har-
rington, William Johnson, Fianeis W. KeHn^cr, King,
Knapp, Long, Maiey, McDowell, McKinnev, William H.
Millci, Jamc-5 Jt Moirn. M<>nw>n, N(bon, Pendleton,
Shannon, Utiles, Strouse, Sw eat. and Feiniuuio Wood—^33.
NAYri—Alley, Allison, Ames Arnold, Ashley,
John 1). Dakhvin, Bauer, Beanian, Blaine. Fiancis P.
Bl.m, Jacob ! . Biair, Bmtiwell. Boyd, Biandeaer, Broom-
all, William G. Brown. Chantei, Aminos: W. Cla;k, CofF-
ioil), Tlimiiib T. Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly.
Eckley, Edgeiton, UJliot, UngUsh, Farn^woirl],
Fcnto'i, Ki ink, (i.niM)ii, Gooch, Grider, Gitmtcll, Gus-
woid, Hale, iiisjby,llolmail, Hoopei, liotchki-s, Asahcl W.
j-lubbaid, Ilulbuid, Uutehins, Jeneke>, Otlando Kellogg,
Keinan, Le Blond,Loan,Lonnyeai, Lovejoy,Marvin,Mc-
Clurg, Meludoe, Middleton, S.unucl i\ Millei, Mooihead,
Mom!!, Daniel Moiris, Aiuos Mjeis, Leonard Myers,
Chai lis O'Xeill, Oi tb, I'aitci^OM, IV t ham, Poincioy, Pnco,
Had'oid. Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alex-
aniifi 11. llice, John H Rico, James S. llollins, Ross,
Schun'-k, -SeotHd, Scott, tfmilh, tfinithers, Spalding,
Stuart, Tha> er, Tlionm-, Tiaey, Up-on, Van Valkenbuish,
Wad>worth. FJiliu B. Wa-oibnine, William B. Washburn,
Web-tei, Wbaley, Joseph W. White, WiliUms, Wilder,
Windom, Wmfieid, and VVoodbndge—98.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Js it in order to move to
refer the resolution to the committee on revolu-
tionary States?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the main question
having been ordeicd.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN Then I move to lay the
resolution on the table; and on that motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 27, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Brook*, Chan-
ter, Deming, Dennison, Eden,Edgerton, Eldridge, Herrick,
William Johnson, Knapp, Long, Marcy, McDowell, Mc-
Kinney, William 11. Miller, Pendleton, Itobinson, Ross,
Stile-.," Stiousc, Voorhees, Chilton A. White, Fernando
Wood, and Yeainan-—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Blaine, Fiancis P. Blair, Bout-
well, Boyd, Biandegpe, Broomall, James S. Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Ambiose W. Clark, Cole, Cox, Cravens,
Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigg'-, Eckley, Eliot, English,
Farnswoitli, Fenton, Fiank, Gannon, G.u field, Gooch,
Gunnel), Griswold, Hale, Ilaiding, Ilighy. Holman, Hooper,
Uotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ilutchins,
Jenekes, Julian, Kasson, Kclley, Fiancis W. Kelloge, Or-
lando Kellogtr, Kernan, Loan, Lovejoy, Maivm, McCling,
Mcltidoe, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead^ Mor-
nfl, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patter&on, Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, William II. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Schcnck, Scofiold, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Smithcrs,
Spalding, Stuart, Sweat, Thayei, Thomas, Tiacy, Van
Valkenbuigh, Ward, Eliliu B. Washburne, William B.
Washbui n, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder,
Wilson, Windom, Winfield, and Woodbridge—101.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table. *
Mr. BRANDEGEE, in changing his vote from
aye to no, said that he was sick of this miserable
political claptrap.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and on that motion 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in order
to offer an amendment to the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the main question
having been ordered.
The question being on the adoption of the res-
olution, the question was taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 16; as
follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
Blame, Fiancis P. Blair, Jacob B. Blair, Boutwell, Boyd,
Bi;uid('gee, BioonialljJamesS. Brown, William G. Brown,
Aminos VV. Claik, Ficeman C'laikc. Cole,Cravens,Cres-
well, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Ekh ulge, Dliot, English, Famsworth, Fenton, Fiank, Gau-
son, Gailield, Gooch, Grmnell, Gris-wold, Hale, Uardmg,
Higby, [lohnan, Iloopei, Hotclikiss, A^ahel W. Ilubbaid,
Ilutchins. Jenoke.v, Julian, Ka^>on, Kelley, Francis W.
KclloiTi.', Oilamio Kellogg,Koman. Loan,I^ongyear, I.ove-
joj', Maivin, MeBiide, McClurg, Mclmloe, Middleton,
Samuel F. Miller, Mooi head, Mori ill, Daniel Mot ris, Amos
Mjeis. Leonaid Myei? , Nelson, Odcll, Cb.nlcs O'Neill,
Orth, Patt<'r«on, Pike. Poineroy, Price, Radfoid, William
II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Jolin H.lljee, Rogers, 13d-
waid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Sehenck, Scoileld,
Shannon, Smith,'Fimthers, Spalding, Stebbins, Steven-,
Sttou^e, Stuart, Sweat, Tiiaj er, Thomas Tracy, Upson,
Van Valkenbutgb, WaiNuoith, Elihu B. W<i-;hburne,
William B. Wti hliUMi, Wfb?t<T, Whaley, Whedei. Wil-
hani-. Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Wmtiehl, and Wood-
!>i idge—11\J.
NAYS—^Ie«.t:rs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Dennison,
Benjamin G. Harris, Lous. Maicy, McDowell, William H-
Miller. Morii^on, John "O'Neill, Pendleton. Robinson.
Utiles, Yoothees, Cliilton A. White, and Fernando Wood
—16.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH moved die previous question on
the adoption of the preamble.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH moved to reconsider the vote by
which the preamble was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI LANDS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill concerning certain school
lands m township forty-five north, range seven
east, in the State of Missouri; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. GARFIELD. The House is in such an
exceedingly bad temper I move an adjournment.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 55, noes 75.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. JU ARRIJNG TON introduced a bill to pro-
vide for the payment of bounties to soldiers in the
United States service who have served a less time
than two years, upon honorable discharge; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
EXEMPTION FOR CONSCIENTIOUS SCRUPLES.
Mr. EDGERTON submitted the folio wing res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military A flairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of t o amending
the second section of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
and calling out of the national- iorces, and tor other pur-
poses," appioved March 3,1883, as to provide l'or the ex-
emption from draft or military service under said act, with-
out paynien^f commutation money or liability to procure
substitutes, of all clergymen or ministers of teligtou in reg-
ular standing with their pioper eecb-MuHical auutorittes
in any church oi religious society \vho,bythe luw.> or can-
ons of such church or society in force prior to the com-
mencement of the existing civil war, are forbidden to fhed
human blood or to take human life in war, arid for the like
exemption of all other persons who have sincere religious
convictions or scruples of conscience against taking part
in war: Provided, That the facts upon winch such exemp-
tion shall bo claimed by any person shall he verified in
such manner as the amendment may prescribe; and that
said committee report by lull or othenvise.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
miss Dickinson's lecture.
Mr. EDGERTON asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Whereas Miss Anna E. Dickinson, by a resolution of a
majority of this House, wad grunted the use of thio Hall of
Representatives to deliver a public addicss* entitled" Woids
for the Hour" on the evening ol Saturday, 16th in>tant;
and whereas said Anna E. Dickinson appeared upon a plat-
form in this, Ilall on said evening, s-upport"d on her right by
the Vice President of the United States, and on her left by
the Speaker of this House, who thus by their piesence and
suppoit gave, or appeared to give, <t semi~oflici.il or govern-
mental character and indorsement to said Mi^s Dickinson
and her address, which address was a political rhapsody,
bieathine a spirit of intense p:utt.-anslup for the present
Administration, and denunclatoi v ol it* opponents, and was
evidently designed to influence grave nieasutcs oflegisla-
tion now befoiethis Ilou>e: Therefoie,
Iiesolvcd, That we disappiove of the u«c of this Hall for
the puiposeto which it was applied on Saturday evening
lat>t, and ol its futuie use for any sirmlai puipose, as dis-
respectful arid unjust to the minority of tins Iiou-^e, and
not m accordance with the purpose loi which the Halls of
the Federal Congress weie designed and erected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH objected.
GENERALS NOT IN SERVICE.
Mr. HOLMAN submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Whereas this House has been officially informed that
a large number of officers of the Army, including a num-
ber of major and brigadier generals, have been foi a long
period of time relieved from active service, while still re-
ceiving the full pay pertaining to their rank ; and whereas
such policy, while embarrassing to the officers so relieved,
is manifestly unjust to the country, and interferes with just
and propei piomotions in the Army: Therefoie,
Resolved, That, m the judgrncni of this Hoit^c, the policy
of retaining in the pay of the Guvermm nt officers who have
been indefinitely lelieved fiom active service, not phv<ie-
afly dL-ahled by wounds and who have not been placed on
the retired 1M, ought to be discontinued, and that the Com-
mittee on Militaiy Affairs be in-tiuctcd to i iquire what
legislation, it any, is necessary to effect-a remedy in the
premises, and leduce the number of general officers not
employed in active service; and repoit b) bill or otherwise.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put.
The resolution was adopted.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. KING asked consent to have printed an
amendment proposed by him to be offered to
House bill No. 63, concerning the jurisdiction of
the Court of Claims.
No objection being offered, the order to print
was made.
DR. c. M WETIIERILL.
Mr. ORTH submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Iiesolrcd, That a select committee of live members be
appointed tor the puipose of inquiring into the fact^ con-
nected with the special detaiN and absence Iroin that De
partment of Dr. C. M. Wetherill, chemist of the Depart-
ment of AsiicuJture; with power to send lor persons and
papers, and to lcpoit lo bill 01 Otheiwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY. There is not even a charge
made by the resolution. I do not think we should
appoint such a committee without knowing some-
thing about the facts.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
resolution, and the vote was announced—ayes 10,
noes 55; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASL1BURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House adjoinn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon fhe
House (atTour o'clock, p. m.) adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'ciocK, m.
