1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO^fe.
Treasury and the heads of bureaus thereof, twenty-five
sets; for tile Department of War and the heads of bureaus
thereof, twenty-live sets; for the Department of the Navy
and the heads ol buieau. thereof, fifteen sets; for tl e De-
pattment of the Interior and the heads of bureaus thereof,
twentv sets; for the Department, of the Post Office, ten
Bets; "for the Attorney General's Office, ten sets; for the
judges of the Supreme Court of the United States, one set
each, and the library of said court three sets; for the
judges of the Court of Claims, the solicitor, and assistant
and deputy solicitor of said court, one set.each; for the
Library of"Congress, fifty sets for the use of both Houses of
Congress; tlie residueofsaid three hundred sets to remain
at liie future disposal of Congress. And the sum of $8,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appro-
priated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to pay for the editing of the said Opinions and
the price of the said three huudied sets, which money shall
be disbursed on vouchers apptoved by the Attorney Gen-
eral.
This is a provision, carefully guarded I think,
to bring up-the Opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral, which have not been published since 1857.
It is supposed they will rauke about four volumes.
The amendment was agreed to. ,
Mr. WILSON. I propose this amendment as
anew section to come in after the fourth section
of the bill:
Jind be it,farther enacted, That the Secretary of War shall
be authoiized to appoint a book-keeper fur the national
armory at Springfield, whose compensation shall lie .$1 ,"-i00
per annum; and the compensation of the clerks at said
armory shall be $1,000 per annum each.
We now pay §800 to the chief book-keeper at
the Springfield armory and to the clerks employed
there. The business there has increased immense-
ly, as we all know. Mr. Dyer, who is the su-
perintendent, recommends an increase of these
salaries, and says he cannot get along well with-
out it. General Ramsay, of the ordnance de-
partment, strongly recommends it, and so does
the Assistant Secretary of War, Mr. Watson.
In fact they recommended §1,400 for the chief
book-keeper and $1,200 for the clerks, but the
Committee on Military Affairs have fixed the
chicf book-keeper at |l,200 and the clerks at
$1,000, making an increase of $400 to Mr. Win-
chester, who has had the care of the books of the
armory for many years, and of §200 each to the
clerks. There is an immense number of men
employed at the armory; the business done at
the institution is very great, and I think this
small increase ofpay is justly due to these officers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am opposed'to this class
of amendments, not because 1 have any informa-
tion that will enable me to say that the salaries
proposed are too high, but simply because I de-
sire to keep this bill free from extraneous matter.
There is no appropriation in this bill for the arm-
ory at Springfield; there is nothing whatever in
the bill in relation to the armory at Springfield or
to carrying; on the wai, and if we commence re-
ceiving propositions to raise salaiics as amend-
ments to this bill, I do not know where we shall
end. Let the Senator attach the amendment to
some militaiy bill; he ba3 those bills under Ins
charge. It has no connection with this appro-
priation bill, and 1 must therefore oppose it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not wish to engage in a
contest that may lead to a judgment against this
proposition, which is so just ill itself, by trying to
force it.upon this bill. I made the proposition
because 1 thought it would be as well to put it on
this bill. It is a small thing, any way, though to
the persons concei ned it is a large matter. 1 will
withdraw it nowand offei itonsome military bill
before the end of the session.
Mr. SHERMAN. .1 do not contest the merits
of it, but I wish to lfeep this bill free from ex-
traneous matter,
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment,
because I will not run the risk of getting a judg-
ment of the Senate against it by insisting upon
it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer this amendment,
to come in at the end of the second section of the
bill:
For plans and detailed drawings for pioposed changes in
the Capitol wings to secure improvements in the venjjla-
lio'n heating and acoustics of the Hails of (Jongiess, the
sum'of $1,500, or so much thereof as may be necessary ;
the -aid outlay to be authorized and approved by the joint
select committee of the two Houses upon the ventilation,
&e. of the said Halls, and to tie paid out of the atoresaid
appropriation for the Capitol extension.
I am authorized by the committee to offer the
amendment. I presume it explains itself It is
not necessary to make a speech in its favor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment, to
come in after line one hundred and one of section
one:
For construction and repair of I ight-boats, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
§150,000.
I will state to the Senator from Ohio that this
item has been received from the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce of the House of Rep-
resentatives; the" estimate was received by that
committee too late to insert it in this bill; if it
had been received in time it would have been
placed there by the other House. It is an appro-
priation, not to construct anything new particu-
larly, but to preserve the light-boats and keep
them in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Do I understand that it is
reported from the Senate Committee on Com-
merce?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; and it was received
from the House Committee on Commerce with a
request that it should be put upon this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have a communication on
the subject from the Secretary of the Treasury
and the Light-House Board which can be read if
desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I rise to move the reduction of
a very small appropriation, but it seems to be
more than is needed. In line fifty-five of sec-
tion two there is an appropriation of §500 for re-
pairs to the bridge across the Potomac river at
Little Falls. I move to strikeout §500and insert
§250; and I will state that some weeks ago 1 re-
ceived a communication from the mayor of
Gcoigetowt., calling my attention and desiring
me to call the attention of the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds to the necessity of a
small appropriation for the repair of this bridge.
In liis letter he says this:
'•The bridge at the Little Falls of the Potomac, about
three miles fioni this place, and which was erected by Con-
gress, has been so much used by Army trains and other ve-
hicles during the last three yeais as to very much wear out
I lie Homing, and is in great need of early repairs. I have
had its condition eaiefully examined by an experienced
mechanic, who thinks thai the sum of $250 would be ade-
quate to the cost of the work and materials which would be
requited to put it in proper order."
I move, therefore, to amend the bill by redu-
cing this appropriation from §500 to §250.
The amendment was agreed to. -
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to insert after
line one hundred and sixty of section two, where
there is an appropi mtion for surveying the public
lands in Kansas and Nebraska, the following
clause:
And the consent of Congress is given to the construction
Ullitel the authority of the State of Kansas, of a toll-bridge
acio-s the ltepublicnn nver, near Fort Kiley, with the per-
petual u-e of the land necessary for said bridge and toll-
houses, and with the fuither.pnvilege to take stone and
timber for the construction of said bridge from the fort's
resems.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is manifest that a pro-
vision for a toll-bridge in Kansas should come
before us in a well-considered proposition from the
Military Committee, or the Committee on Public
Lands. Every Senator can see the effect of such
legislation on the appropriation bills.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Last night I asked
that the Government should appropriate §10,000
for the construction of a free bridge on the Gov-
ernment fort reserve. It was decided that the cit-
izens of the State of Kansas should elect the bridge.
Wc are not in the habit ourselves of making free
bridges; but 1 think we can erect a toll-bridge.
Our tolls are low; they will be regulated by the
State. If we are to build bridges for the Govern-
ment, I propose that we shall build them on the
same terms that we build other bridges.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no regulation lieie
by the Slate. They can charge what they please.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But a company has
to be chartered for the purpose by the Legisla-
ture, and the Legislature will fix the tolls.
The amendment was lejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jlni be it fin ther enacted, That the salary of the foreman
of the Government bindery hereafter be §1,800 per annum.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same objection applies
to this as tp (lie amendment of ithfe Setiatoi' froift
Massachusetts. 1 hope ailproposittons to in-
crease salaries will be kept offthis bill.' The same
arguments could be urged in favor bf increasing
the salaries of other employesas the employe
named by the Senator from Rhode Island.- This
bill makes no appropriation for printing: it is con-
fined to appropriations for ,lhe light-house sys-
tem, surveying the public lands, anil miscella-
neous expenses; it has no connection with the
legislative or executive departments or the print-
ing office. . , ,
Mr. ANTHONY. I will just state the case
and submit it to the judgmentof the Senate. The
foreman of the composing room at the Govern-
ment printing office receives §1,800 a year, while
the foreman of the bindery receives but §1,500 a
year. There is no reason why tkey should n^t
both have the same sum. The Superintendent of
Public Printing recommends that the increase be
made, and I submit it to the Senate at his sugges-
tion. 1 believe it is only a fair price for the skill
and ability required in this place, and I think the
same price may be obtained elsewhere.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. The third section of this bill ap-
propriates §100,000 in order to aid the administra-
tion of justice, especially in order to bring to con-
viction persons engaged in counterfeiting Treas-
ury notes, bonds, or other securities of ther TJnittfd
States, as well as the coin of the United States.
In order to accomplish that result something more
than an appropriation of money is needed; an
amendment of the law of evidence is necessary;
and I send to the Chair an amendment by way
of proviso to the third section.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to add to the thiid section of the bill thefollowing
proviso:
Provided, That in the courts of the United States there
shall lie no exclusion of any witness on account of color.
Mr.SUMNER. Thereisan amendment which
surely is germane. The objection of form, urged
by the Senator from Ohio, to my other proposition
is without any shadow of support here. It is
pioposed in the bill to appropriate #100,000 to
" bring to trial and punishment" counterfeiters.
Theobject is important,especially atthismoment
when we are putting ill circulation national secu-
rities on so large a scale. But suppose that ihe
counteifeiter, in a State where the testimony of
colored persons is excluded, chooses to employ
such persons to aid him. How can you bring
him to punishment? All this large appropiia-
tton will not help in such a case, it will be of
no avail. The counterfeiter surrounded by his
colored accomplices may mock your laws. But
admit the testimony of these accomplices, and then
will justice be done. - I refer to this class of cases
because your bill provides especially for them,
and thus testifies to the importance of precaution-
ary effort. ,
But the hardship and absurdity of this rule,
apparent in the case ofa counterfeiter surrounded
by colored accomplices, will arise in every other
case of crime. How justice can be administered
where such a rule prevails, I am at'a loss to un-
derstand. Now that slavery is disappearing, this
rule ought to disappear also.
This subject lias already been discussed at
length duinig the present session in an elaborate
report which I lmve had the honor of making from
the select committee on slavery and freedmen,
so that I need not occupy your time, Besides,
the case is too plain for argument. But I have
m my hands letters irom gentlemen in Virginia,
showing the practical necessity of admitting the
testimony of coloted persons there. Here is one:
Hall of the Convention,
Alexandria, Virginia, March 17, 1864.
I address thee as friend, although havitig no personal ac-
quaintance, but have long known thee by reputation as a
iriend to the human race. Having been connected with tile
reorganized government from its beginning, naturally lee]
a strong interest in its weltare.
We have in convention abolished slavery in the organic
law of the State, and it would at fust sight seem as il our
fondest hopes were realized. But another difficulty now
stares us in the face, which, in the present state ol public
opinion, we cannot conquer. I allude toUresubjectuf a -
lowing the freedmen to give testimony in our courts, i Ul<
will not be allowed where the interests ot whites are in-
volved. Tlie result that will follow any one can fori see,
that their persons and property will be at the mercy of
evory vagabond who may happen to have a black heart in-
stead of a black skin. . .
While they were slaves their masters weie a protection
