"2284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
253) to amend the act of the 23st of December,
1861, entitled "An act to further promote the effi-
ciency of the Wavy," was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that the first section of the act of De-
cember 21, 1861, shall not be so construed as to
retire anyofficer underthe ageof sixty-two years
•whose name shall not have b6en borne on the
Navy Register for a period of forty-five years
after he had arrived at the age of sixteen years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 145) to
equalize the pay of soldiers in the United States
Army. The amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives was to strike out all of the bill after
the enacting clause, and insert:
That on and after the 1st day of May, A. D. 1804, the
pay of all private sokheis m the military j-oivice of the Uni-
ted States shall be sixteen dollars per month. And fiom
that date, also, the pay of noii-comnuf-r-ionod officeia s-h.ill
be increased as follows: corporals tdiall receive eighteen
dollars per month; sergeants, including commissaries' and
quartermaster' *ergc<u)ts, twenty doliats pei mouth; ot-
deriy se gcam«i, tiventy-fom dollars pei month; and ber
geant majors, twenty-nx dollars per month.
Sec. 2, Jlndbat further enacted, That the Army nit ion
shall hereafter ho the frame as piovided by (<uv and iemula-
tions on the li-t day of Julv, Jt'ti! : Piovuled, That the 1a-
tion of peppet pie->cribed m the eleventh section of the
"Act to piomote the efficiency ot the coipv of enmneeis
and ol the ordnance dep.utmi'nt, and l'<>t othei purpose-
approved Maieh J. ItW, f-Jiai 1 continue to he furnished a^
heietofoie. Uuf nothing contained m this act shall he con •
strncd to alter the commutation value of iatioiis a  iemu-
lated bv existing law-!.
Sec. 3. And be it, further enacted, That so much of the
filth section of the act entitled "An act to authori/.e tin1
employment ot volunteoia to aid inenfoiemg tite laws ami
protecting the public ptopeity,'' appioved Julv '21, 1801, as
provides that each company office!, non-commissioned of-
ficer, private, mu.a'-ian, and ainfn < i of c.tvahv, s-hall fur-
nish hb own hot so and Iioim equipments, and • hall  eeei\ e
forty cents pei dav foi then use audi i-k, is hoi eh v iO[ierU<><!,
except oulv so i.ti as the same nuj lineaftei iie made to
apply and relate to mounted Hoops enlled into the .-.run <•
of the United States for a teim not exceeding m\ months.
Srr. 4. And he UfHither enacted, Thru fiom and atkm
the parage of thi-sa<.t the pay ol 11«*i* 1 p,i\ma'-tQl- in
the Auny of the United Stales shall he per annum
 Sr:o. 5. J)tid be it fuithei cnatted, That the thirty-iiiM
section of an act entitled "An aet loi enrollim? and calling
out the national force", and (ot olhet pin po--e-,'5 approved
March 3, 18(>3j be, and the same i  her* 1>\, so amended as
that an otlicer may have, when allowed by oider of jus
proper commander, leave of absence toi othet cause than
sickness or wounds, v. ithout deduction fiom his pav oi al-
lowances : Ptocu'cd, That the agctegaic ot such absence
shall not exceed t bitty d.iys in :m\ one \ eai.
C\. And be i( further cum In!, Th.n 11ic pi ovisions oi
the first section of'tins aet shall tcmuu.ite and expire at the
end ot the pjcsent leheihou.
Hec. 7. *jiu! ir Ufinf/ti / cum ltd, Th.i t all 1 iw-- and pans
of laws tneon-iMenf with the provision-, oi this bid aie
hcieby repealed.
The Committee on Military A flairs mid tin;
Militia, to whom wore refrired the nmoiKlmems
of the House of Representatives to the bill tj.
No. 145, report as follows:
Strike out the Ihrt WTtinii of the amnnlmnit of Hie
House, anil iii-cit .is follow-- .
That on and a!:ei the l-t d;iv ot ATnv. and dunn 
the continuance of the pioent lebelhon, the p.tv jiermonth
ot non-conimiSMoned ofheei - and pi ivate-, in 'the Kgular
Army and vohnit< ei? .«nd di.ifted lot< in the sciviee of
the United Slates shall he a-, follows, nninelj • s< i"eant ma
jors, twent\-si\ dollar-;; qu.ti iciniiMei Muccant- ot ear
ulrv and ai ulh'iy. twenty-three dolhu< ; of inland) , twenty
dollais; fn-1 sci^eants ol cavalrj , aitilieiv, am! mlanti},
twenty-lout dollais ; seigetmts o! e,iva!i\, amlh i\ . and in-
fantry, twenty doll.vis ; «-ei^eruit- o! oidnance, tappers and
mmeK'VUid pontojueis, thu ry four doll,n--; corpoiais of oid-
nance, sappws and mi net--. and pontonici s. twentj doll.tis ;
privates, fust el.iss of the' s.ime cinp , eighteen doilais;
priv ato^, second el as-;, o( site same col ps, si xteen do] 1 a t;
e( rpnra!s ofnti\ahy. artillery, and nH.intiy, eighteen do]-
laisjrlnet bu^lei s of cavah \, twi nty tiirec dollar; hu-*
gh'is, stxref'n do'tars ; fan ier- and bla< ksm-tijs of .-avail>
aim audieci.- (.1 .jj idlciy, < i«iiteeii dollai - ; pi i\ ales oi c,i\
alri , <u filletj, and mfantiy, bi\t'-en dolt.u s ; pmicipal mu
fieiatis ot_ artilleiy and iniantiv. tuentj-tuo doliais; mu- j
sjeians of artil'cty and infantry, and musicians o| ^.ippe.x |
and nuiKM-, j>nd pontomers, -ixtoen dolJai.- ; iio-pit.H -ic-w- 1
ards of the fur-1 ela?^, 'hit ty-tinee doll,\r-; hosjmal ^tew ai rU I
ol tile second '-1,1 -s, twenty -live dollar s , ho*pj tai --Lewaid - I
of the third ola-^ tvventv thiec doliais. j
Afte  the second s-cction ot the anicndmem of the House '
in'fit the foII( wmg:
skc. 3 Jlml be it I nit her enacted. That b^icafwr rations
s-hall not be j—u  d to -oldiers sick in hospital, but conmiu-
tafion .u (afion- -hall be allowed and paid into the hospi-
tal fund, at the iate now established h\ law, for each sol-
fhej r<*[xnfeij bv the surgeon m ehatyc as nek m iio-pital •
and the leceipt ot the sujgeon in < har^e si),i|| boasutli-
ei'.nf voiiehet for the pa> nnu:tei,oi otiH'rdisbuisnerofljc-e!,
who may be chaiged Willi the paimcnt ot --ucli cuinmuta-
tion: Provided, That the hospital fund shall be devoted
solely to the diet and maintenance of the sack and wounded
soldiers in such hospital: Jind provided further) That the
Stu'geon General shall, with the approval of the Secretaiy
of War, establish regulations for the accountability of med-
ical officers having charge of the hospital fund. And any
officer who shall appropriate to his own use, or shall mis-
apply, any poition ot a hospital fund, or who shall make
any false report of the number of soldieis sick in hospital,
shall, on conviction, be punished as a court-martial or mil-
itary commission may direct.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That all non-commis-
sioned officers and privates m the regular Army, serving
under enlistments made prior to July*22, 1861, shall have
the privilege of reenlistmg for the term of three years in
their respective organizations, until the 1st day of August
next; and all such nori commissioned officers and privates
so reenltsting shall he entitled to the bounties mentioned in
the joint resolution of Congress approved Januaiy 13,1864.
Sec 5 -ind be itjurthci enacted, Thntsectionthiity-five
of the "Act for em oiling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,1863, shall not
be constiued to apply to enlisted men emplojed as clerks
and mebserigcrs in the military offices in Washington, and
at the several geographical, division, and department head-
quartet?.
Sec. 6. Jlndbc it further enacted, That when the rank,
pay, and emoluments of any officer are declared by law to
be those of a specified military grade, ho shall be entitled to
the pay and emoluments of that ciade, and no more, any
pievions )n\v or usa^e to the eontiarv notwithstanding.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, Thattheie be added to
the battalion of en inecis one sergeant major and one quar-
toi master J-eiireant. who shall alsobe commtss.uyseisednt,
and each shall have the pay of a setge.uit of engineers.
Sf,c. 8. Jind be itfuithei enacted. That fhereshall be at-
tached to, and made a pan of, the War Department, during
the continuance of the piesent rebellion, a buieau to be
known as the Bureau of Milit.uy Justice, to which s-hall he
returned for revision the records and proceedings of all the
couits-inai tial, comts of inquiry, and military commissions
ot the atmies of the United States, and in winch a record
shall be kept of all ptoccedmgs had thereupon.
Sec. 9. shul be it fuither enn<tcd. That the President
'•hall appoint, by and with the advice and eom-enf of the
Senate, as the head of said bureau, a Judge Advocate Gen-
eial, with the lank, pay, and emoluments of a btigndiet
geneiai, and one As-i taut Jud^c Ad\ oeate Gciiej.il, w ith
the iank. p,i\. and emoluments ot a colonel ol eavali v And
the said Judge Advocate and his assistant-hall icceive, re-
vise, and have reeotded the proceedings of tin' contts mai-
tia!,eomt< of nifpiny, and milituiv conimi--ions of the
aimies ol the Untied States, and perfoi in such other duties
as have heietoloie bet n p<-itotnied by the Jud«e Advocate
Cenetal of the atmies of the touted St.ites.
Sic. 10. .hid be\t f uit iter owclcd. That tlie Seeietaiv of
War shall have power to appoint loi said Inn can one fonith
el.iss, one thud Che*, one fceond class, and two fust chtss
clerks.
Sko. 11. ,/lnd be it further cniuted, 'J'haf in all ca«cs
wheie ihe (ioveintnent shall funiish tian-|iorfation and
sul sistcn< c to dischaiged ollicem and sohheis fiom the
place of their di-ehaiye to the pla<*e of then enrollment, or
oiigin.il muster into the sei vice, they shall not be entitled
to tiavel, pay, or commutation « f sub««istenep.
A mend the fourth section ot the amendment of the House
b> adding the wonls " without lations."
Stukcout the sixth section of the amendment of the
floUsO.
Agree to the amendment of the House with the foregoing
amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out, in the
fifth lino of the ninth section, the word " colonel"
and substitute the word " major," so as to make
the Assistant Judge Advocate General a major m
[dace of u colonel. His ]>ay would bo about'three
thousand six bundled dollcus,and I suppose that
is all that is important.
The PRIOSmtNG- OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If there is no objection, that amend-
ment will be made. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The proposed modification will be made;
and the question is on agreeing to the amendment
recommended by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to the House amendment.
Mr. HOWE. la this vote now upon the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon the whole
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to ask a division
of the question. I am not at all satisfied m my
mind ol the necessity of these eighth and ninth
sections. I wish to have a separate vote in rela-
tion to that new system of military justice.
The l-'RESIDING OFFICER. The vote will
b<' taken separately on the various pioposmons
of amendment. The first proposition will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
m i :ke out the fu-t-euionot the amendment of the Hone-c.
and Jii-ert a- follows:
Til if on and alter the 1st day of May, 1S5-1, and during
th'1 conn nuance of the pie-a>nt lebcHion", the pay per month
of non eonmii^ion.'d ofliceu' and puvatoa m the ic-uhu
Ai ni\ and volunteei <iud (halted fotces in tlic sei vice of the
IJin:<jd State* sliall beristoiiowo. namely : -er^eatit niajoi1?.
1 svi ntv~-s.\ dolbus ; i]iiai terma^tei scj<jennts of cavalty and
aitilleiy, tu enty tluee dollar : o>" imaufiy, tu only doJlai- ;
fh~t -eii:e.mts of eavah}, atlillejy, and "infantry, twonty-
foin dollars; -cigeanf.s ot rav.'ihv, aitiileiy. and mfantiy,
twotitj dollars; pergi ant-^of ordnance, .-appeis dud in met?,
and pontomci^. thaty foui dojla;.^; coipoiahs of oidraneo.
sappers and miners, and pontoniers, twenty dollars; pri-
vates, fir^t class of the same corpa, eighteen dollars ; pri-
vates, second class of the samecorp-s, sixteen doliais; cor-
porals of cavalry, aitillery, and infantry, eighteen dollars *
chief buglers of cavalry, twenty-three dollars; bugleis, six-
teen dollars ; farriers and blacksmiths of cavah\ and artif-
icers of artillery, eighteen dollars; ptivafes of envahy, ar-
tilleiy, and infantry, sixteen doliais; principal musicians
of artillery and infantry, twenty-two dollars , musicians of
artilleiy and infantry, and muHoians of tappers and miners
and pontonieis, sixteen dollars; hospital stewaids o/ the
fim class, thirty-three doliais; hospital stewaids of the
second class, twenty- five dollars; hospital stewards of the
third class, twenty-three dollars.
Mr. POWELL. Is it in order to amend that
amendment now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is an
amendment to an amendment. An amendment
in the third degree is not m order.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say in regard to
this amendment that it preserves the existingratio
between the privates and non-commissioned offi-
cers of the several arms of the service. The
House amendment does not do so. Besides that
this adds three dollars a month to the hospital
stewards, which is a very small increase, but a
very proper one.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether the amendments proposed by the com-
mittee do not increase the compensation over and
above the rates provided by the amendment of
the House of Representatives. I desire also to
ascertain from him what is meant by privates of
the first class and privates of the second class,
and why the distinction of sixteen dollars and
eighteen dollars a month.
Mr. WILSON. Thatisin theengineer corps.
The amendment of the House of Representatives
proposes to give all privates sixteen dollars a
month. We have always paid the sergeants and
privates in the engineer corps a larger sum than .
others. There are two classes of privates in the
engineer corps, and this amendment of ours
simply adds three dollars a month to each, pre-
serving the same relation between them. The
Committee on Military Affairs supposed that
these diflorcnccs between the several arms of ser-
vice were founded on principle, and that they
ought not now to be disturbed. The committee
therefore propose simply to .add three dollars a
month to the pay of all privates. The first ser-
geant of engineers has thirty-four dollars a month.
We have not changed that. We thought that
was very good pay.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit rap to ask what the
increase proposed is; how much does it amount
to' I do not mean in the aggiegate; but what us
the difFeicncc isi favor of the compensation of the
soldiers by this amendment reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs over thu amend-
ment sent from the other Uouse 5 If the clian-
man will state (he difference succinctly, I shall be
pleased to hear it.
Mr. WILSON. There is no difference between
them except as to the engineer corps of the Army.
The amendment of the House of Repiesentatives
put the engineer corps on the same footing with
the infantry,artillery, and cavalry. In thatcoips
wc have always paid privates of the first class
two dollars a month moio than in any other branch
of the service, because it is neceshaiy to get men
of experience and some peculiar culture adapted
to tha' arm of the service.
Mr. CONNESS. How many of them are
there}
Mr. WILSON. I cannot tell certainly how
many. In the regular service there arc less than
seven hundred. In the volunteerscrvice there are
a f'-w regiments, i think not more than three or
four. I will say that in a bill which we reported
here some v. eeks ago the ration was reduced to
the old standaid, and two doliais a month added
to the pay of the privates and non-commissioned
officers. That would carry the pay of privates
up to fifteen dollars. This is an addition of one
dollar over what was provided in that bill, making
it sixteen dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know how
much the pay of the non-commissioned officers
is increased by this proposition of the Military
Committee, and what proportion that bears to the
lnciense in the pay of the privates.
Mr, WILSON. About three dollars amonth.
Mr. GRIMES. All around?
Mr. WILSON. About the same. All theser-
