TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
June 25,
to them agajnRtQtlte*?; although there was not much law
*ffibfting Hint why, their ovrners beltia of the all-powerful
cfa.-sin the co'inmiiiiitios in which they lived, their inftu-
©n«e-nnswcre& the end very well. , My object in writing
_was to make thee acquainted with the probable future po-
sition of these people, thinking it might bo possible to
aai?Uorote tlioir condition by some Federal legislation.
'While I speak of Virginia I have no doubt but that the
same- will be true of the whole South, and will be a gigan-
tic £vil that may lead to the most disastrous results. The
negro alter this war will not he the same man ns before-
'breathing the air of freedom,'trained to arms, tmderstand-
'Itig the power "of combination, and tamitiar with blood, it
tvjll he utmper-mg with .a volcano to deny him protection
of person and property.
Please consider this as private as far as my name is con-
cerned.
! do not give the name of fliis writer, because
he is unwilling that it should be known. But
you wit! observe, from the date of the letter, that
4ie was a member of the Virgmin convention.
His testimony will speak for itself. The other
letter, as you will see, is from the district judge
of Virginia:
United States District Court.
Ai.kxandria. Virginia, Match 02, 1864.
DkarSir; 8otn<1 time &.inoe I saw by the paper-* that
you were urging the admission of our fteeJiiien as witnesses
in all United States comts.
In several eoulUcfUion ease-s now pending In ttxi< court,
"such testimony will boot the greater importance. indeed,
f am told by the United States a^it-tani attorney in this
court that from his knowledge id the piepamtion of these
oase«, (lie prosecution will piobably lu;) and the Govern-
ment be subjected to eo*ls unless such testimony is allowed
" in several eases now on oui docket. You will therefoie
pee the necet-j-ify of a speedy Hntn^e of the law eon e>|iotid-
ing to the change which lias taken place in the condition
of the freedmen.
Your obudient fe'uvant.
JOHN C. UNDBIIWOOO,
District Jiulge.
Hon. Charm:s 3umnui. United Slate* Senute.
This is practical testimony. Let mo add to it
words from another. Sir Samuel tlomilly, whose
great fame as a lawyer was enhanced by humane
labors in Pailiament, has furnished hit> testimony
on this very point;
11 The laws of the colonies aie «aid to he humane ; hut
by those laws a child of Jive or-dx jears old may receive
lor a Might ortVn.--e or for no offeufC, at the caprice of the
inastei ot ov<-r>eer, no lo<«s thnn tluity-nme l.isbe> with
what is termed a cat whip. To this dieadlul extent the
law aiitho)i:e<i the infliction ol pitnWiment by individuals.
But even in ea-^es where the law convey-' no .uirhoiiH,
where wanton ciuelty h indicted in defiance ol iln* law,
how easy u must he to escape detection, when the tc-ii-
luouy of a negio, or a thou-aud negroes wouhl not avail
mpiiuH a while nun ! And with what foiee miM this ai-
gument strike when we teflect on the piopoi lion winch the
white bear to the black inhabitants ol the island. VVjiat
security could we expect m our passage even through the
streets of London if mn«My nine people out <>f a hundred,
or even nine out of ten, were ineoinpi teat to give evidence
in a court of justice?"—Sjwechei of llomilly, vol. 1. p. &">.
JMr. President, in presenting this measure, 1
Waive for the piesent, all question* of light,ami,
if yon please, ull sentiments of humanity. I ask
attention plainly and directly to the practical fa il-
ure of justice which must tti iae without its adop-
tion. Those may be seen under two d'flerent
heads: first, with regard to colored poisons; and
secondly, with icgard to white persons.
if colored persons cannot testify against white
persons, what protection can they have against
outrage? The, white person may perpetrate any
brutality upon colored persona with impunity.
There is nothing in the (hoary catalogue of crime,
from a simple assault to muidet lUtlf, which may
not be committed with impunity by a white per-
son if no other white person be present. The
bare statement of this case is enough. Surely at
this moment there should be no delay in prevent-
ing such a failure of justice.
But the same failuie may occur in the case of
white persona. Let a white petson be assaulted
or murdered, if you please, by another white per-
son, but only in the presence of colored persons,
arid justice cannot be administered. Theciim-
inai will continue at large unpunished.
Therefore, for the administration of justice,
that it may not fail to the colored person, and then
again that it may not fail to the white person, there
should be no exclusion of any citizens on account
of color.
Let the witness be admitted always to testify,
leaving the jury to be the judges of his credibility,
if his story on its face seems improbable, or if
there be anything in his manner or conduct or
past life to excite distrust, the jury will be able to
measure the just weight of bis testimony.
It is hard to be obliged to argue this question.
I do not argue it. I will not argue it. i simply
ask for your votes. Surely Congress will not
adjourn without redressing this grievance. The
king, in Magna Charta, promised that lie would
deny justice to no one. Congress has succeeded
to this promise and obligation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trusted that after the ex-
perience of last night, when the thermometei here
rose to ninety-three degrees, I think,and we were
all exhausted by a debate on irrelevant, matter,
the Senator from Massachusetts would not intro-
duce upon this appropriation bill a topic of this
kind. I think we have voted this amendment on
two other bills during this session. Have wo not?
Mr. SUMNER. No. It has been reported by
two different committees, the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads and the select committee
on slavery and freedmen, but it has never been
definitely acted upon, and for the reason that I
have not been able to bring it to a vote by itself.
If 1 had been, 1 should not move it on this bill;
but regarding it now as entirely germane to the
subject, feeling unwilling that Congress should
' sepaiate and leave that injustice to go on so that
i society may suffer from it, I deem it my duty to
take this opportunity to bring the matter before
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is distinct
that it has not only been mttoduced here, buL that
] it is now the law in the bill oigamzing the su-
preme com t of i!us Dicti tel.
Mr. SUMNER. It is so; I moved it myself.
1 can state to the Senator the different occasions
on which it has prevailed, it prevailed on the
statute emancipating slaves in this District, but
on that statute it was only applicable to cases that
should arise in determining question of freedom.
It was next applied to the statute regulating the
judicial system of the District of Columbia, and
was made, applicable to proceedings in the coiuts
of the District. Hut it has not been applied be-
yond that. I have sought to apply ii geneially;
1 have moved it more than once on other bills and
have failed, and the measure is now pending as
! a bill by itself repoi ted by ? ho select committee on
! slavery and freedmen, and it is also pending as a
| section of anotiiei bill reported by the Senator
j from Vermont [Mr. Collamcr] fiom the Com-
! milter on Post Offices and Post Roads. The prop-
osition, therefoie, has the sanction as a general
proposition of two hi-pa rate committees of this
body; as a pioposition applicable to tho District
of Columbia if has had t he sanction of the Senate
twice over, and now I plead wiih the Senate not
to ai rest it hoie.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned
[ have always voted and always will vote to make
no distinction in the coloi, condition, form, or
nature of a man as a witness. In my own State
b!a-vk men and white men can testify. If 1 lived
m a slave State I would insist oil slaves being al-
lowed to testify. But I beseech the Senator from
Massachusetts not to load down this, the last of
the general appropi union bills, with amendments
thu! are likely io cioatediscussion or controversy
between the iwo Houses. The Senator has ac-
complished Ins object in icgaid to ull the courts
of this District; but when you propose to change
the law of evidence in the different States you
make a contioverted question that gave rise to a
long debate sometime since when it was proposed
on a post office bill, and that may give risotto de-
bate here. Without going into the merits of the
proposition, in which I entirely agree with the
Senator from Massachusetts, I hope the Senate
will exclude this class of amendments, and keep
all general legislation off tins appiopriation bill.
The appropriation to which this proviso is sought
to be attached is an appiopriation to enable the.
Secretary of the Treasury to detect counterfeit-
ers; that is all.
Mr. SUMNER. And to bring them to trial
and punishment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit that there is no
peitinency between the two. This is general le-
gislation in an appropriation bill. It does not
qualify the appropriation; it docs not relate to the
appropriation; it is only likely to create a long
discussion on tins the last of the appropriation
bills. 1 hope the Senate will excjfide it from this
bill; and at the,proper tune I, for one, will join
with the Senatot fiom Massachusetts in allowing
everybody that is human—-and i would include
animals who could show signs that could be un-
derstood—to testify in a court of justice. I be-
lieve the only true way of administering justice
{ is by appealing to evidence from any class of
persons who, may know the facts, and some cel-
ebrated cases have been gained even from the
testimony of animals. I agree-with the Senator
in the general principle entirely; but I hope he
will not press the proposition as an araantlment
to this bill, for I know it will create discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe it ip always time to
do an act of justice, and 1 think this Congress
ought not to separate now without doing this act
of justice. It ought to do it for the sake of the
administration of justice. I have not put this
case, you will bear witness, on any grounds of
sympathy or sentiment or humanity; I plead for
it now as essential to the administration of justice,
and for one, as a Senator, I cannot willingly
abandon the opportunity that is afforded me by
my seat here of making this motion, of making
this effort to open the courts of my country to
this evidence, without which justice must often
fail.
Mr. CARLILE. I dislike at this period of the
session, with the thermometer, as it is, I believe,
at 87°, to take a part in any of the discussions
of this body, and I do not intend to detain the
Senate longer than a moment or two. I would
appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts to with-
d:aw the amendment and .allow this subject lo
rest at least until the next session of Congress.
! He reads a letter from a judge of the United States
j court for Virginia, agentleman known to me and
known to ihe Senate not to be a Virginian, a gen-
: tleman who has been educated and reared under
a different system from that which has always
prevailed in Virginia, and who I have no doubt
is sincere and honest m the opinions which he
has given in that letter which has been read to
the Senate. But, Mr. President, the Senator from
Massachusetts knows very well, as the Senate well *
know, that we who have been raised under a dif-
ferent system from that which he now proposes
to inaugurate, are not prepared at this time for
so important a change as he seeks to make. I
cannot conceive of anything that would more out-
rage the public sentiment in a slave State than
i the fact that the property of one of its citizens
i had been confiscated upon negro testimony and
i negio testimony alone; and it is because of some
I proceedings which have already been initiated in
] the United States court in Virginia that thislegis-
1 latum is urged in the letter which the Senator
! from Massachusetts has read.
I I know that I differ with many Senators on that
) subject: but I think we should do nothing that
1 is not absolutely demanded by the emergencies
of the times to alienate the feelings of a people
whom we seek to bring back within the fold of
the Union, and whose loyalty, if they have ever
had it, needs more the strengthening influence of
this Government than thatsvhich is calculated to
destroy and paialyze it.
I therefore trust that the Senate will not adopt
at this time this proposition. No one knows
better than the Senator from Massachusetts how
easy it would be for an unscrupulous man, gov-
erned alone by his love of gain, to prevail on per-
sons asignoiant as the Senator from Massachu-
setts has admitted this class of people to be to go
into a court of justice, without Inning impsessed
on them the necessity of being govei ned by the
strict line of truth, and testify to that which their
imagination4? may have conjured up and which
really has no foundation in fact, if these people
are as incapable as the Senator from Massachu-
setts has admitted them to be by the bill he lias
now on your table providing for their care and
piotection, commonly known as the freed man's
bill, if they are incapable of making contracts for
themselves, if they are incapable of asserting for
themselves thcii tights in a court of justice, if,
because of their ignorance and t he dependent situ-
ation which they have always occupied in this
country, they are in a state not fit to asseit the
rights ihut belong to man in a cultivated condi-
tion, surely it would be unwise, and 1 believe it
wifuld be inhuman, to place them in the power of
unsctupulous knaves by whom they might be
induced to commit perjury, and be subjected to
the punishment and the putns and the penalties
inflicted upon the perjuter. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. As this is a proposition
in relation to the laws of evidence, I offer an
