1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
partment decides it upon the principle that inas-
much as the regiment was mustered into service
before the proclamation ofMay 3, 1861, the pre-
sumption is that it has not served two years, and
therefore not entitled to the bounty of §100 under
the act of July 22, 1863.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will inform my colleague
that the officer has reconsidered that decision.
Mr. WILKINSON. There are sonic reasons
why the resolution should pass. This resolution
which I have asked leave to introduce is intended
to extend the benefits of this bounty to those sol-
diers; and there is no objection to it. I showed
it to the Second Auditor'this morning, who made
some additions to it, and said that I was at liberty
to say that he thought it ought to be passed.
It is a mere technical decision excluding this
regiment from the benefits of the bounty. This
regiment has lost already over two hundred men
killed upon the battle-field, five hundred more
• wounded, with twenty of its officers. The lieuten-
ant colonel has been eight times wounded. Only
twelve men of this regiment have died of disease.
Fifty of them have been mustered out of the ser-
vice in order that they might receive commissions
in other regiments. On the bloody battle-field of
Gettysburg the fiist Minnesota volunteers lost two
thirds of its officers and men, and yet there has not
been up to this day a solitary member of the regi-
ment who lias received his bounty of $100 under
the provisions of the act of July 22, 1861.
It is very surprising that a decision excluding
these brave and gallant men from the benefit of
the bgunty should ever have been made, but it is
made a good deal upon the theory of the judge
in our State who was apphed-to to grant a writ
of habeas corpus to release a man from the peni-
tentiary who had been sent there by the judgment
of a justice of the peace. As our local laws re-
quired that the petition for the writ should state
upon what grounds the party was held in prison,
it stated that he was held there by the decision
and judgment of a justice of the peace. The
judge refused to grant the writ, upon the ground
that the constitution prohibited the justice from
sentencing a man to the penitentiary, and there-
fore he could not be there; but the poor fellow
was there. The Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment decides that these troops cannot have sei ved
two years because they were mustered in at a time
when there were no three years men called out;
but many of the men have been killed in battle,
and the others are in the Army yet. I hope the
resolution will pass without being referred to a
committee.
The joint resolution (S.No. 20) extending the
benefits of the bounty granted by the act of July
22, 1861, to certain soldiers who'entered the ser-
vice of the United States prior to May 3, 1861,
was iead twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read at length.
The Secretary read the joint resolution, which
proposes to extend the benefits of the act entitled
"An act to authorize the employment of volun-
teers to aid in enforcing the laws and yuotecting
the public property," approved July 22,1861, so
as to be applicable to and operate for the benefit
of all volunteers who were mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States prior to the date of the
President's proclamation of May 3, 18G3, if such
volunteeis have served the term prescribed m the
act under such enlistment necessary to entitle
them to the bounty therein provided for. It also
pi oposes to extend the pi ovisions of thr> sixth sec-
tion of that act to the widows and heirs of such
as have been or may be killed or die in the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must object to the pas-
sage of the resolution without its being referred
to a committee. It may involve a very consider-
able expenditure of money, and we ought to have
the report of a committee on the subject.
Mr. WILKINSON. Of course it will involve
some expenditure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thtn it should be ex-
amined by a committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the joint resolution cannot be considered
to-day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it involves a question
as to the construction of a law, I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That rcfrrcnce will
be made if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
CLEKK TO A COMMITTER.
Mr. HOWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
ResolvedfThat the Committee on tlie Pacific Railroad be
allowed to employ a clcrk upon the same compensation
allowed the cleiks of other standing committees.
OATH OF OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day, which is now before the Senate, is
the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] which will be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules of the
Senate:
The oath or aflnmation prescribed by act of Congress
of July 2, 1862, to be taken and Mib^rubud before culm nig
upon the duties, of office, shall be taken and subscribed by
every Senator m open Senate before entering upon his
duucb. it shall aiso be taken and subscnbed m tiie same
way by the Secretary of the Sienate ; but the other officers
of the Senate may take and subsenbe it in the office of the
Secretary,
The VICE PRESIDENT. To this resolution
an amendmentis offered by the Senatorfrom Del-
aware, [Mr. Saolsbuhy,] to strike out nil after
the word " resolved," and insert the following:
That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed to 111-
(juin; \vhelhi*r Sciiilluis and UepH'M'nuuvps ill Congicss
arc includpd within the provisions of thf act of Con^io^s
entitled {£ An actio proscribe an oath of office, and for other
purpo&es," appioved July 2,1862, and whether the said act
is in aceordancc or in conflict with the Constitution of tiie
United States.
The question before the Senate is on agreeing
to this amendment.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate at length.
[His speech will bo published in the Appendix.]
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. 1 presume the Senator from
Vermontcan hardlybc expected to go on this after-
noon at this late hour, and as there is executive
business to be attended to, I move that the Sen-
ate pioceed to the consideration ofexecutive busi-
ness. That will leave the Senator from Vermont
with the right to the floor when this question comes
up at one o'clock to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont is understood to yield for that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session the doors weic re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 19, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciiankikg.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DR. C. M. WKTIIEIULL.
The SPEAKER announced the business fust
in order to be the following resolution, on which
the main question was yesteiday ordered, and the
vote taken, no quorum voting:
Resolrcd, That a select committee of five membeiss he
appointed 1or the purpose of mqumiig into the facts con-
nected with the fcpeciai detail* and absence from thatDc-
paitmenl of Dr. C. M. Wether:!!, chenii-t of the Depait-
mcnt of AciiculUne ; with povm to send for pri^ona and
papeis, and to repoit hy bill or otbeivvi&c.
Mr. ORTH asked consent to make a statement
of the circumstances under which the resolution
was offered.
No objection was made.
Mr. ORT1I. About a year Pgo a certain citi-
zen of Illinois, whose name I do not now recol-
lect, Captain Miller,! believe, brought to the notice
of the President what he alleged was an improve-
ment m gunpowder. The President directed that
an investigation be made into the merits of this
alleged new discovery; and in order to facilitate
that investigation detailed Dr.Wctherill from the
Agricultural Department.
Dr. Wptheriii is well known to the country as
one of the most scientific members of his profes-
sion. He commenced the discharge of his duties
under this detail of the President, which was to
terminate at the end of one month. At the ex-
piration of that time, not having concluded his
experiments, the Commissioner of Agriculture
extended that detail indefinitely. The invcstiga-
tron was prosecuted during the summer months,
and was concluded about the 1st of October. Dr.
Wethcril! then reported himself to the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture, and found that he had been
discharged.
Mr. Speaker, he is a constituent of mine. But
whether a constituent of mine or not, 1 feel it to
be my duty to bring forward the case of the hum-
blest citizen of the Republic who feels aggrieved.
1 believe it likewise my duty to strike at the high-
est official in this Government, if necessary for the
public welfare. * '
These are the facts. Dr. Wetherill is' not a
politician. He is a man' of science. He thinks
that his reputation is at stake in the way in which
he has been treated. I ask, in his behalf, that the
matter shall be investigated. From the time that
Jie was detailed up to this day he has not received
one dollar of his salary. It will not be proper
for-me to detail the inteiview which took place
between the Commissioner of Agriculture and
myself. Dr. "Wetherill and his friends are willing
that this mattershall bepubhclyinvestigated. He
believes that the effect of the action of the De-
partment will be to cast a stigma upon his repu-
tation as a scientific man. He entered the De-
partment of Agriculture in pursuit of the science
m which he was educated. It is in his behalf that
I desire this investigation should take place.
• The resolution provides for calling for persons
and papeis. There are only two witnesses cog-
nizant of the whole transaction, and the investi-
gation will occupy not more than one or two days.
If the House wants the Committee on Agriculture
to look into it, I have no objection. I do not see
any pertinency, however, in sending it to* that
committee, any more than to the Committee on
Enrolled Bills. It is a special matter, with which
they have nothing to do.
The SPEAKER,. The previous question has
been seconded and the main question ordered.
The resolution was adopted.
ENKOLLJ3D BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same;
A bill (S. No. 50) to authorize the President
to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War;
and
A bill (PI. R. No, 35) to provide for the defi-
ciency in the appropriation for the pay of officers
and men actually employed in the Western de-
partment, or department of Missouri.
CONFISCATION.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order to
be the consideration of House bill No. 18, to
amend a joint resolution explanatory of " An act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the propeity of
rebels, and fur other purposes,''approved July
17, 1862,on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bliss] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment. It is important that this
resolution should be disposed of in some way at.
an early day. No committee can report until it
is removed from before the House by favorable
or adverse action. Therefore, for the purpose of
enabling us to go on with other business, I de-
sire to give notice that to-morrow I shall with-
draw the motion to recommit, and demand the
previous question in order to close debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, when he withdraws his present
motion, he intends to give us an opportunity to
vote on the amendments, of which notice has been
given ?
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have action of the
House on tiie resolution as reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary. Such are my in-
structions.
Mr. STEVENS. And allow no opportunity
for amendmenl ?
Mr. COX. I hope that the gentleman will not
press action at that early day. I will say to him that
half a dozen members on this side of the House
wish to speak on the proposition. I ask in cour-
tesy, in reference to a matter of such importance,
that this side of the House should have an oppor-
tunity for full discussion. lie cannot have action
on it to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON. I have no disposition to press
this upon the House unreasonably. I think that
the time asked for by the other side has been
granted already.
