18164.
fm -CdlN^RESSXOKA-L GLO^BS!.
amendment to cover the whole subject; I move
to add, " or because he is a party to or interested
in the issue tried."
Mr. SUMNER. I am in favor of that propo-
sition taken by itself, but 1 do not wish to see it
put upon this.
Mr. BROWN, (to Mr. Sumner.) That is
just what other people say about yours. [Laugh-
W 1 . ,
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that,but I wish
to secure this justice.
Mr. liUCK-ALEVV. I wish to secure the ad-
ditional justice provided byfny amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I will vote for the Sen-
ator's proposition by itself. Let him move it
when mine is carried.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not wish to say any-
thing about the " nigger" aspect of this case. It
is here every day, and I suppose it will be here
every day for years to come, till the Democratic
party comes into power and wipes out all legis-
lation on the statute-book of this character, which
1 trust in God they will soon do. But, sir, I will
speak on the general principle of allowirigu party
to testify. The rula of the common law, as we
know, pievented parties to the issue from tes-
tifying. In my not very extensive practice at
the bar I have found that the more strictly the
principles of the, common law and the rules of evi-
dence as established by the common law are.ad-
hered to, the more is justice promoted and the
better are the rights of parties secured. I shall
vote perhaps for this amendment as an amend- j
tnent to the " nigger" proposition, but standing i
independently, 1 should not vote for it, for I thitik
it is a most unwise species of legislation.
As to this question of negro testimony, the
settled policy of the States where'negroes are to
be found has regulated it from time almost im-
memorial, and every one acquainted with that
species of population knows the absolute danger
there is in iis admission. Uncultivated, barba-
rous almost, brought for the first time into court
with all the temptations they have to testify falsely,
with none of that clear perception of the truth or
the consequences attaching to the statement of
falsehood; the imagination can scarcely con-
e.eive the deplorable results that would follow
fiom the admission of such testimony.
Mr. HOWARD. We aheady have a statute 1
which has been in force about two years, if my !!
memory serves me, allowing parties to he sworn
in .proceedings in the circuit court of the United j
States, and I think in the district court. My lion- ,
orable friend from Illinois shakes Ins head. I |
have to inform lum that we have such a provision, !
and that 1 have practiced under it myself. _ !
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no such United ,
States law. 'I
Mr. FOSTER. I believe the law is in that re- j
gait) that the same practice shall obtain m the \
district and circuit courts of the United States i
as prevails in the courts of the State where the j
distiict and cncuit couits are held. If the courts j
of the Senatoi's State allow it to he done, of j
course the distiict and circuit courts of theUnited j
Stales would follow the same rule. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no law of the j
Unitod Siatos about it. I
Mr. HOWARD. It would be more satisfac- j
tory far for me to see that provision incorporated I
in a separate bill or act. Allow me to say one j
word on this subject. The honorable Senator ;
fiom Delaware appears to be full of apprehension j
of evil to arise from the admission of colored peo- j
pie as witnesses upon the stand. lie seems to ;
think that they aie entirely unfit to present them-
selves as witnesses or to be listened to as wit- 1
nesses. They are entiiely ignorant according to ■
him; too ignorant to be admitted upon the stand ;
as witnesses according to his idea; and not only j
too ignorant hut too much inclined to tell lies, if |
1 nndeistiind him might, too much inclined to j
falsehood to be admitted to testify in courts of j
justice. * i
' Now, sir, I shall not deny that the great mass ,
of colored people, of a certain grade of colored i
people at least, are ignorant; but I shall not ail- i
mil, for I think truth would not justify me in ad-
mittuig or in asserting, that colored persons of a j
eei lain grade are any~more inclined habitually to ■
falsehood than white persons are. That has not j
been my experience. And certainly we do not
reject witnesses in courts of justice bccausc they
arc ignorant. Itisa rule of the common law, tobe
sure, that if a person is so ignorant as not to kiiow
the existence of a God he is not allowed to testify
until he has been properly instructed. Thatrule,
however, we have never introduced in practice in
the United States. The general principle is that
every person may he used as a witness who lias ar-
rived at ye&rs of discretion, and it is for the court
to determine upon examination of the witness
whether the witness has arrived at years of discre-
tion, whether he is able to distinguish between
truth and falsehood, and whether his memory has
become so mature and strong as tobe likely to re-
tain an accurate picture of the facts as presented
to his mind. That is the rule, and the only prac-
tical rule which exists, I believe, now, and after
all, the true test to be submitted to a court or a
jury is, is it probable under the circumstances
that the witness has told the truth; is the wit-
ness of sufficient credit to be believed, taking into
consideration his knowledge, his opportunities to
observe the fact, and his character for truth and
vei acity ?
I can see no objection in any case that can pos-
sibly arise to a black witness being placed in
these respects upon precisely the same grounds
with a white wilness. Is it to be presumed at
the outset that because a man has a block skin
he either cannot or will not tell the truth in court?
It seems to me that those persons who object to
the examination of black persons as witnesses on
the ground that they are black put it upon this
most unphilosophictll and I may add most inhu-
man and ctuel presumption, that a negro either
cannot or will not tell the truth in any case. I
shall be guilty of presuming no such thing I
will put the cjse upon the same ground upon
which the case of every white witness is placed
by the common law; and that is that the jury, if j
the case be one before a jury, is to judge of the j
credibility of the witness and of the amount of
ciedit to lie given to his whole story.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will modify his amendmentso as to have
it apply only to civil actions, I will vote lor it.
1 cannot vote for a proposition to allow a party
charged with counterfeiting in a criminal action,
or any oilier felony, to be a witness in his own
case; but if he will confine his amendment to civil
actions I will vote for the proposition, for 1 am
m favor generally of parties testifying in courts.
Mr. BUOKALEW. I have no objection to
inserting the words " in civil actions."
Mr. CARLILE. I object to that modification.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has the power to modify his
own amendment, no vote having been reached
nor the yeas and nays ordered on it.
The amendment of Mr. Buckalew, as modi-
fied, was lead, as follows:
Nm In civil actions bccatlse he is a party to or interested
in the issue tiled.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
adopted. I hope we shall approach the decision
of tlio other question by itself, vote yea and nay
on the other question.
Theamendment to the amendmentwas agreed to
—ayes twenty-one, noes not counted.
The question being taki 11 on the amendment
as amended by yeas and nays, lesulted—yeas 22,
nays l(i; as follows:
YL'AH—MessiJ. Anthony, Blown, Chandler, Clark,(Job
liiim'i. Coolies, Font, I'o-tei, Gnnie.s, ll.ili , [Iai Inn,How-
ard Howe, Lane of IC-m-a-, \lo:e;in. Mornll, Poilieroy,
Spiaeue, dimmer, Wade. Wilkinson, unci Wilson— '&
KAYS—Meir-if. Uuek.ilrw, Cailile, Cowan, D,ivi , Har-
ris llt'inli .< k-, Ho !;s, J clue oil. Nn.-mifh, Towel!, Kiehaid-
son.Snulsbuiv .^:hei man, Trumbull, Van Winkle,ami Wi!-
'' Allr-B.Vr Me*-.irs. Dixon. Doolittlc, }-Y-<sctidcn, Ward
me. Heo'dui^on, Lane ol Indian,!, McDoinjall, ltamsey,
Kiddie, Ten Ejek, and Wiigbt—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Teuitoiies to ofler the following
as an additional section:
1 Jlndhe 11 furtha entrctcl. That section eleven of an net
; fiitillt'd '-An act loi the i.h'a.e ol eclt.un poisons held to
1 seiviee or labor in the Distiict ot Columbia, ' passed April
' IS. 1SS2, and also that pan o! the fust -oct ol an act en-
| titled "Art act making .supplemental ajipiop'i.ition- loi sun-
d y civil expense"* ot iiit* Gow rnmiMit sor the yi'iir rndiujj
! June 3U. ido3, and for the >eai endiuy June 31), 11*02, and
| (or other (imposes," jia-«< d July 2, IS62, which reads as_
j lollows : '-To enable the Piendioit to oariy out the act ot
1 Coiigicss lor the emancipation ol the slaves m the District
1 ot Columbia, and to colonize those to bo made free by the
i probable passage of <i confiscation bill, $500,000, to be ic-
paid to the Treasury. qt(t of cqnasoate^#fOL _ .
at the discretion of iho President in secaawt the Vieilt.
colonization ofsaid persons made free, and ill payment oi
the necessary expenses of their removal," be, and the
same are hereby, repeated : Provided, hovxit>e v Tli.-t! It lis
section shall not be construed so as to w Uf),nn)r
expenditure that may Have been incurred by earryjng ipt?
effect ttie parts of acts above repealed, or 'any ex[iemiiturft
necessary to fulfill existing engagements in reiationiiiereioi
This section simply re peal s t w o a p pro p Wit t'ibn s
that were made in 1862, one of $100,600 and the
otljer $500,000, -and the money placed at the dis-
posal of the President to aid in coioriizittg all rter
groes that were made free by the emancipation
act:in the District of Columbia.. I-will state also
that I submitted this propoBititftrto'ttie Secretary
of the Interior here last evening and he satil it
was right and ought to be passed,.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask (he Senator if
the appropriations have not already la pseil abtl
if there is any occasion for thc repeal ndw. Two
years have transpired since 'the appropriation*
were made.
Mr. WILKINSON. The laW has been par-
tially carried out and they have a comtrtisfciort'e'r
here who is drawing a large salary; an establish-
ment is-lvt-'pt up. There is a man by the nante
of Mitchell, I believe, at the head of it,' who" fa
the commissioner of colonization, and.lie, is ppid
out of this very appropriation. . ' '
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like ts ask lliS
Senator from Minnesota what is ?the"salary ftaift
to the Rev. Mr. Mitchell'." Wfirit is the atnoufif?
He speaks of itns Very large. '■ ''
Mr. WILKINSON. I know frothing of the
amount. I only know there is such an officer.
Mr."HENDRICKS. I do not know what is
the salary given to Mr. Mitchell, but I believe it
is the salary given to a cleik.
Mr. WILKINSON. I presume it is $1,800.
Mr. HENDRICKS. , 1 hardly think it is so
largo as that, though I tfc not undertake to say.
I wished to correct the impression made by the
Senator, it is not a large salary. I do' not know
whether his services are worth llmtamount ornot.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is very legitimate to
save expense to the Government whenever we
have an opportunity to do so.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. When the bill which
is now offered as an amendment came up a' fettr
we«ks ago, 1 objected to its consideration' for the
reason that we had called on the President for
infoi nun ion as to the situation of the fuhtl.' Sorts
three months ago the Senate passed a resolution
■ introduced by the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Powell,j calling upon the commissioner of em-
igration tor a report as to the situation of this
fund. Wo have received no report. Yeslerday
or the day before the Senator from Kentucky- riV
ncwed his resolution asking for a report of -the
commissioner of emigration, which has not been
answeied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from Kan-
sas will allow me to interrupt him a moment, I
will state in respect to the question he is now dis-
cussing that I know but very little about it my-
self; 1 do not-know What are the duties of the
Rev. Mr. Mitchell, but I received a letter from
him yesterday on the subjectof this report which
was called for. I Suppose this was the resolu-
tion. He copies it:
" Hetohci, That the President of the United States ba
requested to fuimsh the Heiiate tile lepoit of tile commis-
sioner ol enilgMtlon for 1863, Willi Ills account ot existing
contiacts, and other nui:fcs^aiy information on tile tjupstiou
of emigiation."
Mr.. Mitchell says:
" It is- due to the Senate and wi iter to say that tins reso-
lution, although called for and the call regularly foiwarded
to tlte Oi'paitint ot of the interior, lias never been sent to
me lor a lepoit."
It has never come to him.
<; I have such a report as my impel feet files would en-
able me to make, the iiifct valuable files, such a< those
relating to the Cliiriqui and other conduct.-., having been
withdrawn lioio llils office. With your permission I will
publish the lepoit at the opening ol the next session."
It amounts to just this, that the resolution lias,
never gone to him, tior lias he been called on to
make a report. Of coutse-it would come from
his office, but he has never been.required to fur-
nish the leport. • -
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is true that the
Rev Mr Mitchell is commissioner of emigration,
at a salary of &1,SQ0. He-has an office in the
Patent Office building. 1 should like very much
to have an account of this fund. If, howevtfr, it
