1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1309
they have been ! When you emancipate and arm
their slaves, turn them out of house and home,
confiscate all their property, and reduce them to
beggary and want—when, by these gentle means,
you would woo them back, how strange it is
they do not throw down theirarms and rush into
your loving embrace! Who can doubt your sin-
cerity ? Who can fail to see that these measures
are prompted by a patriotic desire to save the
Union and restore peace and quiet to a torn and
bleeding country!
Mr. Chairman, all these unconstitutional acts
demonstrate the disloyalty of the abolition party.
You denounce with bitter execrations the rebel
leaders in the South. And it is true that lan-
guage can scarcely express the enormity of their
crime; it has no parallel save in the guilt of abo-
litionists. But when you pronounce sentence on
them you condemn yourselves, for you too have
rebelled and trampled under your revolutionary
feet the Constitution of your country. You
charge that the rebels have made slavery the cor-
ner-stone of their government. But you too have
rejected the foundation laid by Washington and
the fathers. If they are trying to make slavery
the corner-stone of a government in the South,
you are striving to make abolition the corner-
stone ofa revolutionary Government in the North.
What better are you than they? "Thou that
judgest another and doest the same thing," how
shall you escape the righteous indignation of a
betrayed and insulted people?
Mr. Chairman, time would fail me to enumer-
ate the many violations of'the Constitution and
usurpations of power by this Administration.
Where now is the once boasted independence of
thejudiciary ? Where a free press and free speech?
Where the security of the personal liberty of the
citizen ? Where the important right of free suf-
frage, the basis and foundation of all other rights?
All violated, struck down, and under the feet of
this Administration. Martial law has everywhere
been proclaimed, the writ of habeas corpus sus-
pended, and the judicial arm paralyzed. Hun-
dreds of citizens, without trial, without judicial
process or written accusation, have be*en dragged
from their homes and incarcerated in gloomy
prisons. The courts can give them no relief, for
the independence of the judiciary is gone and the
judges under the feet of power. The right of free
suffrage has been struck down by military power,
and elections carried by bayonets in numerous
instances.
Mr. Chairman, the clear and searching pene-
tration of Henry Clay was nevermore strikingly
shown than when he said of this party, the abo-
litionists:
" With them the rights of property arc nothing; the de-
ficiency of the powers of the Genera) Government are noth-
ing; the acknowledged and incontestable powers of the
States are nothing; civil war, a dissolution of the Union,
and the overthrow ofa Government m whieh are concen-
trated the fondest hopes ojf the civilized world, are nothing.
A single idea has taken possession of their mind, and on-
ward fhey pursue it, overlooking all barriers, reckless and
regardless of all consequences."
And, sir, never didancientseerorprophetlook
into the future with clearer vision than did Daniel
Webster when he saLd of this same party, the
abolitionists:
"Let these infernal fanatics get possession of the Gov-
ernment and they will treat the decisions of the Supreme
Court with contempt; they will make laws to &uu them-
selves ; they will lay violent hands on all who disagree with
them; they will bankrupt the whole country, and finally
deluge it in blood."
There, sir, is the prophecy; read it, and then
look at the laws on your statute-book, made to
suity ourselves,without constitutional power; look
into your prisons, filled with citizens by violent
hands; look at your public debt, rising up mount-
ain high, and casting its dark shadow of national
bankruptcy over the whole country; cast your
eye on a hundred battle-fields crimsoned all over
with fraternal blood; look at all this, and see that
prophecy fulfilled to the letter. No living witness
of the fearful events and scenes that surround
us could record them with more accuracy and
truth. Sir, the men of whom Webster spoke have
got possession of the Government, and their deeds
are the literal fulfillment of his prediction.
Mr. Chairman, 1 ask attention to another clause
of President Lincoln'sinaugural address, in which
he said:
" All profess to be content in the Union if all constitu-
tional rights can be maintained. Is it true, then, that ally
right plainly written In the Constitution lias been dented ?
I think not. Happily, the human mind is so constituted
tliat no party can reach to the audacity of doing this. Think,
if you can, of a single instance in which a plainly written
provision of the Constitution has ever been denied. If, by
tile mere force of numbers, a majority should deprive a mi-
nority of any clearly written constitutional right, it might
in a moral pom t of view justify revolution—certainly wouid
if such right were a vital one."
Sir, it was true at that time that no rigli t plainly
written in the Constitution had then been denied
or violated. The rebels in the South were wholly
wrong and without justification. And how deeply
I regret that this Administration did not adhere
to its early policy and keep the rebels in the wrong,
and give them no cause to continue the war. But,
sir, if the President was sincere in saying that
"the human mind is so constituted that no party
can reach to the audacity of denying" or violating
any right plainly written in the Constitution, it
only proves how little he knew of the human
mind; how little he knew of the corrupting in-
fluence of power; nay, sir, how little he knew of
himself. For he is the very man, and his sup-
porters the party, who since then have reached
the daring audacity of doing that very thing.
They have denied and violated, not merely one,
but numerous rights plainly written in the Con-
stitution. And now I ask the question and de-
mand an answer: think, if you can, of a single
cherished and important right, however plainly
written in the Constitution, that has not been de-
nied and openly violated?
Mr. Chairman, at the beginning of the war,
and during the called session of Congress in July,
1861, the Democrats and conservatives on this
side of the House were in perfect harmony and
agreement with you on that side of the House in
the views you then professed to hold in regard to
the local institutions and rights of the States, the
powers of the General Government, and the pol-
icy that should control and govern the war. On
all these great questions you professed to believe
with the Democrats and conservatives, and sol-
emnly pledged yourselves to stand with them on
the same constitutional ground. And, sir, I
challenge any man to point to a single instance
where any of these principles have been aban-
doned by this side of the House. But, sir, it is
a most important and significant fact, of which
the whole country should take notice, that all our
debates on these vital questions now spring up
solely on the ground that you have abandoned
these principles an$ refuse longer to be governed
by them. But we stand to-day where we stood
in July, 1861, contending for the same constitu-
tional principles, imploring and beseeching you,
in view of the fearful perils that threaten our
country, to stand by your own declared views of
the Constitution and redeem your solemn pledges
to the country. And this shows that if you were
ever sincerely and truly loyal, the Democrats and
conservatives have always been, and are now,
loyal,
Mr, Chairman, we oftenhear gentlemen on that
side of the House exulting in what they consider
the prospect of the speedy fall of slaveiy. But 1
tell these gentlemen to stop their rejoicing. Sla-
very is not all that is endangered. There is a
more fearful fa41—the fall of constitutional lib-
erty in this country—and they as well as others
may be involved in its ruins. They are making
some progress in giving nominal freedom to the
slaves, but equally as much in destroying the lib-
erty of the white race. I defy them to point to a
single important and cherished constitutional right
of the white man that is not falling under their
ruinous policyascertainly as slavery. And their
policy has brought nothing to tiie negroes of this
country but increased suffering, starvation, dis-
ease, and death, and promises nothing to them in
future but theirultimate extermination. If eman-
cipated and thrown upon their own resources,
under the circumstances that would surround
them in this country, it is utterly impossible that
they ever could sustain themselves in an unequal
struggle with a far superior and more powerful
white race; their fate would be more melancholy
than that of the Indians. Sir, the kind master is
the truest and best friend the negro ever had or
ever will have in this country, and the abolition-
ist his worst and most cruel enemy, and time will
prove it. In all the excitement and clamor of ab-
olitionists, there is neither loyalty to the Govern-
ment nor sympathy for the negro; it is ail wild
fanaticism and sectional hate, and in many cases
sheer hypocrisy.
Mr. Chairman, if this Administration had been
true to its own solemn pledges, true to the Con-
stitution, and true to the country, prosecuting the
war on the principles of the Crittenden resolu-
tion, for the sole and single purpose of preserv--
ing all constitutional rights, State and national,
North and-South, this bloody drama would long
since have been wound up, and peace and quiet
restored to a bleeding country. And the blood of
thousands who have fallen in this war for uncon-
stitutional and abolition purposes rests, and must
forever continue to rest, with all its crushing*
weight of guilt and crime, on this Administra-
tion. Your policy has and will continue to in-
crease the burning fury of sectional hate, intens-
ify the bloody strife, widen the breach, and deepen
the gulf of separation between the North and the
South. But it needs not the wisdom of the states-
man; the man of common sense, acquainted with
human nature, sees and knows that your policy
never will, never can, reclaim, bring back, and
restore these States to peace and harmony under
the same Government. You have gone on and
on, pressing one extreme measure after another,
until you have brought this great nation to the
trembling verge of ruin, where the gulf of na-
tional dissolution yawns to receive all we hold
most dear. This Government can never survive
four years more of abolition rule.
But, sir, while there is life there is hope, and
that hope rests on the coming presidential elec-
tion. It is the last and only hope. The great
battle for free government will then be fought and
the fate of the Union decided. Let the people
everywhere look to the fearful dangers that threat-
en them; let them shake off their slumber, rise in
their majesty, and expel from place and power all
who have betrayed and deceived them; and let
them elect true men who will be true to the Con-
stitution and true to the country, and this Gov-
ernment, purchased with the blood of our fathers,
may yet be saved and transmitted to posterity.
But if the people slumber on a few months longer
and suffer this Administration to perpetuate its
power, then a long and dreary night of despotism,
full of the horrors of revolution, anarchy, and
blond, is all they can expect for themselves and
children after them.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutweli reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the .Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the President's an-
nual message, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOLMAN, (athalf
past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mosday, March 28,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDE NT laid before the Senate
a communication from theSecretary oftheTreas-
ury, communicating, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the 15th of January last, a list of the
special agents of the Treasury Department, and
tneir assistants; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, District of Columbia, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of Ma-
ryland avenue from the Capitol grounds to Camp
Barry; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. COWAN presented two petitions of mer-
chants and business men of Philadelphia, praying
that the Raritan and Delaware Bay,railroad may
be constituted a postal and military road; whieh
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of mer-
chants and business men of Camden, New Jersey,
praying that the Raritan and Delaware Buy rail-
