2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
addition to this appropriation, a larger sum than
for a well soldier. I put it to the Senator if that
is plausible, if that is reasonable, if that is right.
Mr. WILSON. The evidence is overwhelm-
ing, both from the quartermaster and commissary
departments, that the old ration is abundant for
the soldiers,and outof it they can lay up money,
and where soldiers understand how to take care
of themselves many companies in the regular ser-
vice under the old ration laid up from $500 to
$1,200 a year. In the volunteer service we pro-
fess to have a company fund too, but the men get
very little of the benefit of it, and it is said that
there arc great abuses in regard to it, that it is
often appropriated for presents to officers and
other things. Believing that the old ration is amply
sufficient for the men in the service in the field,
we propose to change the present ration for the old
one and pay the addition, which isaboutone dol-
lar and eighty-seven cents a mouth, or say two
dollars, in round numbers, into the pockets of the
men directly; let them have the money as their
own. This amendment does that.
We called on the Surgeon General in regard to
it, and the Surgeon General stated in a letter to
the committee that the ration as drawn and the
commutation allowed by the existing law, with
the other appropriations made by the Government
for the support of men m hospitals, are none too
large, and he has therefore suggested that wc allow
the present ration to stand for hospitals and com-
mute katpreserit rates; and as that was moie con-
venient to do and was thought to be the best, we
decided not to change it.
Now, I will call the Senator's attention for a
moment to the provisions of the scction, which
were intended to be very stringent and to increase
the responsibilities of these officers beyond what
they now are. There may have been some abuse,
but 1 think generally our hospitals are admirably
administered and honestly administered. This
section provides:
iV0uirJe//,Thuttl)olio«pit«il fundshall be devoted solely to
the diet and maintenance of the sick and wounded soldiers
in such hospital : *4nd prowled further, That the Surgeon
GeiHM/ii shall, wftli the approval ol ihe Secietaiy of War,
("-tahlMi regulations foi the accountability ol medical oi-
firi-i- having I'iKUL'e of ilie hospital fund. And any ollicei
who "hall appiopnate to his ovvn um', or shall misapplv.
any poittou of a hospital fund, or who shall make any laNe
r< poit ofilie number of soldier-* sick in hospital, shall, on
conviction, be punished as a court-nnutial or nulitaiy com-
mission may direct.
It is intended to be stringent; and I tell the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin sincerely that 1 believe the
passage of the bill with this amendment will be
for the benefit of the soldier in the hospital as well
as in the field, and it will be nn additional restric-
tion of the managment of our hospitals.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator after all has not
answered the question 1 put to him. My ques-
tion was whether the assertion of the Surgeon
General that, in addition to the appropiiation
made to the medical department for the support
of the sick soldiers, it cost more to maintain them
when sick than when well, that they demanded
a larger ration or a larger sum of money, is not
prima facie faIse. The Suigeon General a^sei ts
that a larger ration will be needed to support the
soldier when he is sick and upon his back, at the
very time when support is provided for'out ofau-
othcr appropriation, which as I have already said
is very much larger than was ever made by any
Government before for medical purposes—at that
time the Surgeon General says that he needs more,
a larger ration, than when he is well. The ques-
tion 1 wanted the chairman of the Military Com-
mittee to answer was whether that was not upon
its face false, whether we had any light to believe
such a statement and to legislate upon it. To me
it appears so.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senate that
the present ration is drawn, and if a man can use
it it is used, but if not it is sold back to the Gov-
ernment, commuted at a certain rate. The bread,
arid meat, and potatoes that men live on when
they are well, will not do to nourish sick men,
and the articles that sick men need cost mote in
proportion than other articles do, and therefore a
man who when he is well can live on his rations
and not consume them all, cannot do so when he
is sick. He cannot then use those rations, and
they are commuted at the present legal rates, and
the commutation money will not furnish him
with all the articles he absolutely wants, and we
have made a general appropriation for ice and some
other articles for all the hospitals in addition to |
the commutation fund for the rations. |
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There are two pur- j
poses attempted to be answered by this section.
The first is the diminution of the ration of the
soldier, (about two dollars a month was the esti-
mate,) and instead of giving him the increased
ration provided for by the act of 1861, we pro-
pose to give him that much in money, believing
that the former ration was abundantly sufficient
for him. The increase in the ration of the Army
was made on the motion of Colonel Baker, of
Oregon, and it has been found since that the old
ration was sufficient and abundant for a well sol-
dier in the Army. Instead of giving him the in-
creased ration at an additional expense to the
Government of about two dollars a month, we
propose to give him two dollars a month as in-
creased pay. That far there seems to be no pos-
sible objection to the section. But when soldiers
are ordered into hospital, it is found that the ra-
tion of 1861 is not too much to support them,
because the surgeon has to buy many articles
which are not. embraced in the former ration and
which cost more; and we propose, instead of re-
ducing the ration when the soldier is ordered into
hospital, to give the suigeon the benefit of the
increased ration to be used for the relief of the
soldier, and to impose the most stringent restric-
tions as to the application of the funds, I can
well imagine that n may cost more to support a
sick soldier than a well soldier, for the articles
necessary for his food cost often more. It seems
to me there can be no possible objection to this.
We decrease the ration to the well soldier about
two dollars a month, and instead of issuing to
him more than he can eat wc give him money to
that extent. To the sick soldier we allow the
present ration and authorize the surgeon to buy
for him whatever is necessary in his condition
That is the whole of it. These are the two
propositions in this section.
The section wasagieed to.
The next branch of the amendment was read,
as follows:
'I. shul he it fin /her enacted, Tii.it ail non-conmiK-
Moned oiiieeis and privates in ihe legular Ainiy, seivini;
uuilej enliftinentv made puur to Jniy;2^, ISol, shall have
the piivilcgo ol reenlisting lor the tcim of thiee yeais in
their respective organizations until the 1st day of August
next; and all such non-eoinim^sioried offieeis and privates
ho leunli-umg fchall bo entitled to the bounties mentioned
in the joint lcsoiution of Congress appioved January 1^,
J8G1.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have that ex-
plained.
Mr. WILSON. Soldiers enlisted into the reg-
ular At my before the 22d day of July, 1661, were
enlisted for five years, and had no bounty what-
ever. They have served nearly three yeais with-
out any bounty, and they have not the privilege
which the soldiers who enlisted afterwards have
of reenlisting and receiving the increased bounty
we gave to regulars and volunteers who had less
than a year to serve. These old soldiers have
served the country with great fidelity. The reg-
ular regiments have been very severely cut up in
the vaiious battles tlnough which our aimics
have passed, and these men have never received
a dollar's bounty, never can receive it, and have
to serve outtheir live years, if they live thattime.
They see volunteers receiving a bounty on entering
the Service, and regulars receiving a bounty going
in for thiee years, reenlisting and receiving as
veterans $400. Those men who were enlisted
before the ;22d of July, 1861, for five years, ate
serving in the same companies with men who en-
listed after the 22d of July, 1861, for three years,
and received $100 bounty, and who on reenlisting
receive §400 bounty. Five hundred dollars bounty
is thus put into the pockets of the men with whom
they arc lighting the battles of the country, and
they receive nothing, and no consideration at the
hands of their Government, the Government of
comse holding them to their contract to serve five
years. 1 simply propose that from the passage
of this act to the 1st day of August these few old
veteran soldiers who enlisted before the 22d of
July, 1861, for five years without any bounty,
shall have the privilege of reenlisting into the ser-
vice of the United States for the term of three
years, and receiving the bounty we paid by the act
of last January, $400 to veterans; and I think the
country nw« that to these old soldiers.
The section was agreed to.
The next section of the amendment was read,
as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That section thirty-
five of the "Act for eutolling and calling out the national ■
forces, and for other puiposes," approved March 3, 1863,
shall not be construed to apply to enlisted men employed
as clerks and messengers in the mihtaiy offices in Wabh- .
ington, and at the several geographical, division, and de-
partment headquarters.
Mr. GRIMES. What does that mean?
Mr. WILSON. By a provision in the enroll-
ment act of last year soldiers could not be de-
tailed for special service to the rear. Some de-
tailed soldiers are employed in the War Depart-
ment, and some at the department headquarters,
and we propose simply that these soldiers may
receive the increased pay of forty cents a day.
There cannot be many of them, not more than
two or three hundred altogether.
The section was agreed to.
The next scction of the amendment was read,
as follows:
Sec. fi. Jlnd he it further enacted, That when the rank,
pay, and emolument's of any otiic*r?w.e declared by law to
be those ot a specified military g*adc, he shall he entitled
to the pay and emoluments of that grade, and no moie,
any picvrous law or usage to the contraiy notwithstanding.
The section was agreed to.
The next section of the amendment was read,
as follows:
Sec. 7. Jhul he it further enacted, That there be added to
the battalion ot engineers,one sergeant major and one quar-
termaster sergeant, who shall also becomnussaiy sergeant,
and each shall have the pay of a sergeant of engineer.
The section was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. The next three sections
should go together as pai ts of the same system.
The Secretary read the next three sections of
the amendment, as follows:
Sec. 8. -htd be it further enacted, That there shall be at-
tached to, and made a part of, Ihe War Department, dur-
ing ihe continuance ot the ptesent iobp|lion,a bureau to
be known a.s the Bureau of Mihtaiy Justice, to which shall
be returned for lewsioti the records and pioceedings of all
the courts-mama), courts of mquiiy.aml militaiy commis-
sions of the atmies of the United States, and in which a
leeoid shall be kept of ail proceedings had theietipon.
.Sec. 9. Jlnd he it jut titer enacted, That the Piesident
Mull appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, the head oi'^aid bureau, a Judge Advocate G< n -
ctal, with the rank, pay, and emoluments; ot a hngadiei
gene) a!, and one Assistant Judge Advocate Genera], with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a iriajoi ot cavalry. And the
said judge advocate and his assistant shall receive, revise,
and have recorded the proceedings of the courls-mattial,
courts of inquiry, and military commissions of the aimie-i
of the United States, and peiiorni .such other dunes as have-
heretofore been performed by the Judge Advocare Goneral
ot the annies of the United States.
SSfc. 10. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretaiy of
War shall have power to appoint forsaid bureau one fourth
class, one thiid eia,-s, one second class, and two first class
clerks.
Mr. HALE. Of course what I say will have
but little effect on the Senate, but I am decidedly
opposed to that amendment and I hope it will not
be adopted. It seems to me to be incongruous
and absurd to appoint a judicial officer, and assign
him judicial duties, and then give him the ranK,
pay, and emoluments of an officer in the field.
Where is the propriety, or the expediency, or the
wisdom, or the safety of such a rule? There is
no analogy between them. The Judge Advocate
General sits in hts office; the duties he has to per-
form are judicial in their character. 1 have not
a word to say against paying him everything that
the committee think he ought to receive. Itis not
of that that I complain, but it is of what I think
is an impioperand vicious way of graduating the
pay of civil officers. It is an evil that a good
many have been striving to get rid ot in the Army
for a long series of years. It has been got rid of
in the Navy after a long trial; in the naval service
the allowances have been struck off and a fixed
salary paid to the officers. An attempt has been
made since I have been a member of the Senate,
frequently to get rid of them in the Army. I re-
member that when Mr. Davis was chairman of
the Military Committee in the Senate, a position
which he held for a good many years, this mat-
ter was referred to him and he made a report—I
do not remember whether it was written or verbal,
but it was somewhat elaborate—in which he
admitted the impolicy and impropriety of this
mode of paying officers, but contended that it was
impossible or next to impossible to make a fixed
lule, owing to the inequalities of the service, that
men in the field had to perform various kinds of
service, some were ordered here and some there,
and on account of the natuie of the services they
