264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Mr. COX. This side of the House has had no
opportunity to discuss the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to call thepre-
viousquestion until to-morrow. Several speeches
have been made already upon the resolution. I
think, as 1 look upon the resolution, all pertinent
speeches can be made in a short time. It does not
involve a general question of confiscation, and if
discussion be confined to it little additional time
will be consumed.
Mr. KERN AN. I thank the gentleman for the
opportunity he afforded me to state theground of
my dissent from the action of the committee. I
did not then feel at liberty to go into the general
argument. I know there are gentlemen upon both
sides of the House who desire to speak merely
to the merits of the resolution, and not to make
political speeches. They desire to have an oppor-
tunity for a fair discussion upon the constitutional
question involved in it, and upon the ground of
policy, believing that it will be piofitabie to the
country to have a discussion so long as gei^lemen
confine themselves to those points. As there
will be but little time this morning for its discus-
sion, I hope the gentleman will not feel himself
called upon to bring us to a vote upon it so early
as to-morrow. I hope thcie will be given, in good
faith,a little more time,that each side of the House
may argue this question which now for the first
time really lias come up for the eonsideiution of
Congress. And certainly there is no other matter
upon which it is more important that we should
act wisely and intelligibly.
Mr. SWRAT. I desire to say only a single
word. I think gentlemen upon this sule of the
House feel, and have reason to feel, a great inter-
est m having this matter, proposed by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] not only thor-
oughly discussed, but thoiou«hly understood
before being called to act upon it. I say now—
and 1 shall lie governed hereafter by the declara-
tion 1 now make—that 1 will not upon any occa-
sion undertake to discuss any matter out of a
factious feeling. I promise gentlemen upon the
otherside of the House that is not my object. All
I ask'—and I think I have a light to demand that
—is that this House shall show moderation m
their action, and that they shall be enabled, by
allowing the discussion of questions touching the
right of citizens under the Constitution, to act in-
telligibly upon matteis which may come before
them.
Now, without undertaking to impugn the want
of understanding of anybody here, I do under-
take to say 1 believe there are many members upon
this door who do not see, the intent, the meaning,
the design, the aim, and the object of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Iowa. To my uund
it is sinking at the very Constitution ltsell; ami if
ithe not, what can be iosi by discussing the mailer?
1 am not disposed by any uiuuun to diseuss
these questions elaborately, or to make a speech
for the sake of making a speech, but 1 hone.stly
and sincerely believe H my duty lo myself, to my
constituents, and to the people at huge ofthiseoun-
tiy, to secure for such a proposition as this thoi-
ougli discussion, and if ihere are errors in it, to
have it ventilated. Let this House act upon this
matter intelligibly. 1 hope the gentleman from
Iowa will not undertake to foice us to a vote upon
tills subject. He says it has been delayed upon
our instigation. When has there been an hour
when any gentleman upon t his side of the Chamber
could reply to lemarks made upon the other side?
The gentleman from Ohio, upon my right, [Mr.
Bliss,] has the floor; but no gentleman among us
has been able to discuss the subject for amoment,
except the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who
made a very few lemai ks the othei day. I say we
have had no time, and henee i say now, if it is un-
dertaken to force us to a vote f ishall lesist it, and 1
shall resistit because 1 believe it my duty to lesist
it for the purpose of securing an oppoi tunity for
a thoiough di^cupsion.
iVI r. \V ASFTljtj RNE, of I lb no is. J appreciate
the suggestion of my fnend from fowa in lefer-
ence to the importance of having tins measure out
of the way. It blocks up the way against reports
fiom all the committees which follow, and there ■
can he no othci report from any other committee
until tins measuie is disposed of. But I also ap-
preciate and acknowledge the icasonableness of
the demand of gentlemen upon the other side of
the House that they should have a fair opportu-
nity to discuss this measure. I do not think we
are so pressed for time that we cannot afford to
give a fair and full opportunity for discussion.
Hcnce I am in favor of that, and I was going to
propose to my fnend from Iowa—who I know de-
sires discussion, and who does not fear the most
ample and the fullest discussion upon any subject
with which he is connected—that he should post-
pone the consideration of this matter for a few
days, in order that the committees which come
after his committee may be called, and some im-
portant subjects of legislation attended to. I do not
think anything can be lost by such a course.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say one single word.
I wish to say to the gentleman from Iowa unless
he allows us an opportunity to offer amendments
I warn him beforehand his bill cannot pass. I
think I know enough members upon this side of
the House who will kill it. Ilis bill is worse
even than the original bill. If he will give us an
opportunity to amend I do not care about discus-
sion; but there must be a vote upon amendments
or this bill cannot pass at all.
Mr. WILSON. It has been said thatthe propo-
sition submitted by the other side of the House
is a icasonable one. I do notknow thatany prop-
osition has been submitted by them, and it may be
that we can agree.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will make a proposi-
tion, and that is, that after my colleague [Mr.
Bliss] shall have concluded his speech to-day
the joint resolution shall be postponed until to-
monow, or some other day, after the morning
hour, and that the discussion shall be allowed to
go on as long as the House desires it.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have some time
fixed when we shall take the vote. That is my
principal object, 1 am not particular whether it
be to-morrow or the next day.
Mr. PEN DLETON. The debate will not con-
tinue very long, but it is impossible now to fix
the time.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say in relation to
the suggest ion made by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Steven*;,] that if he and those
whom be says are associated wi^i him on this
side <>f the House are determined to defeat this res-
olution, the responsibility will rest upon them and
notupon me. Ifhe has determined that if he can-
not have his own way in relation to this resolu-
tion it shall not pass, let the responsibility rest
with him, and not with ine.
Now, I wish to say in conclusion, thatjor the
present, inasmuch as both sides of the House de-
sire to have further discussion, I have no objec-
tion to letting the debate tun over to-morrow, and
after that I shrill take such course as shall seem
best to me; but 1 do not intend to let this discus-
sion run many days longer. I desire to have the
1 louse brought to a vote on the lesolutton. But
at present I will permit the debate to go on with-
out any understanding, governing myself accoi d-
ing to cn cuyistances thai may arise, but intending
to bring the House to an early vote on the reso-
lution.
Mr. COX. 1 want the gentleman to understand
lhatwc wish to discuss the resolution between
now and the time he calls the previous question.
Mr. \VILSON. 1 have no control ovei that. The
rules of the House will determine that matter.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Speaker, the debate m this
House, on a motion pending to recommit to the
Committee on the Judiciary House lesolution No.
18, the same being a joint resolution to amend a
joint lesolution explanatory of "An act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the property of rebels,
and for other purposes," appi oved July 17, 1862,
has given use to a conflict of opinion between j
gentlemen of different political parlies as to the I
ti uc intent and proper construction of that provis- !
ion of the Constitution which limits the power of i
Congress in fixing the penalty of treason. I < on- :
less my surpi ist: at any Ntich difference of opinion; '
for moil a considerable time aher the maugura- i
tion of tins Administration no difference of opm- \
ion existed among men of legal attainments, or ■
among the people at large, as "to the full effect of 1
that elan.se in abolishing and repudiating* foieyer ■
m the United States of America the English pol-
icy of interrupting the legal descent of ancestral ;
estates by coi i upting and rendering uninherital$fe ^
the bh od of the issue, whatevei might have been
the ancestor's cnnie. }
In section third of the third article, after defin-
ing the crime of treason againstthe United States,
the framers inserted this clause:
"Congress, shall have power to dcclarc the punishment
of treason, but no attainder of treason shall woik corrup-
tion of blood, or forfeiture except dining the life ot the per-
son attainted."
It seems to me to be impossible that the framers
of the Constitution, by the foregoing clause, meant
anything less than what the words clearly import
—an absolute interdiction of the doctrine or pen-
alty of corruption of blood and a limitation of for-
feiture of estate to the life of the convicted party.
Their repugnance to the harsh inflictions of the
British law was manifested as clearly in this as
in other parts of the instrument. They had re-
cently achieved a revolution by which they lu\d
thrown off the tyrannous oppressions of the Brit-
ish Government, and in establishing a new one
for themselves and their posterity they were de-
termined to protect the American people against .
all unjust and needless penalties inflicted by the
State fiom whose authority they had revolted.
They saw, as any one may see, that it was mon-
strous injustice to inflict upon an innocent child
the greater part of the penalty due only to a
guilty parent, and that the doctrine of coriuption
of blood incapacitating the innocent for theirkw-
ful inheritance produefed precisely that result, and
therefore protested againstthe batbarism by com-
mon consent, and put their protest into the funda-
mental law.
Can any gentleman perceive now, any more
than the fathers could, the justice of wienching
from the hands of a child incapacitated b]T non-
age and the want.of moral accountability for any
participation in the crime of his parent, the right
of inheritance which.is justly guarantied to him
by the law?
The wife who is to be made a widow by the
infliction of the penalty of treason upon her hus-
band may be as innocent as her cradled infant of
his ciime, and should her legal right to be en-
dowed of his estate be taken from her? Does the
Government desiie to obtain property in that way?
The Constitution answers No, and its voice is
potential. It would certainly be difficult to supply
any more clear and sufficient terms to impugn the
corruption of blood altogether, and the forfeiture
of estate beyond the lifetime of the attainted pai ty,
than those employed m the clause cited. The
style of the sentence is terse and compact—there
are words enough in it to express with clearness
the sense which i impute to if, and nothing moie.
It is divided by punctuation into three pans, each
of which contains a pioposition. The fust part
reads, " Congress shall have power to declare the
punishment of treason." That is a complete sense.
The second part reads, <£ but no attamderof trea-
son shall work corruption of blood." That isalso
a complete sense. The i hn d and last member of
the sentence, separated from the preceding by a
mark of punctuation, reads, "or forfeiture except
during the life of the person attainted," which
last words, in addition to the former provision,
that corruption of blood shall iiot be woiked to
defeat the inheritance of the estate of the attainted
by his legal heirs, provides also that no delay of
the inheritance after the decease of the attainted
person shall occur by reason of the attainder,
because the life of the attainted is the limit of the
foifeiture. It appears then cleaily from these
icstiictions that the power given to Congress to
declare the punishment of treason, although it
authorizes legislation against the life of the guilty
party, and for the forfeiture of his estate while he
shall live, yet gives no authority to Congress to
affect that estate after Ins death.
Ithasbeen said in thisdiscussion that the forfeit-
ing of a traitor's estate during his life merely
would be a vain thing, inasmuch as the forfeiture
can  mly beeniorced by the same judgment of the
court which consigns him to death, and that ihcin-
teum between the sentence and the execution may
be only a day. I cannot perceive an}' cogency in
this aigument, because the Constitution does not
doom him to death, and Congress may punish
him by imprisonment for life, and confiscation of
his estate for life, or by other c>uch penuky, opera-
ting within constitutional limits, as shal I be deemed
proper. Of course the haniers could notknow,
and peihapsdid not suppose, that Congress would
impose tlie penalty of death.
1 he fust general act for the punishment of crimes
