1864.
THE CONG-SESSIONAL. GLOBE.
ISfll
recta new survey and plat to ho made. Whenever the
objections aic deposed of, or the purvey and plat are goi-
rected, or a new survey and plat are made m conformity
Willi his direction';, he shall mdoive upon the <-invey and
plat adoptod his certificate of appioval. Atter the survey
and plat have been, a* hereinbefore provided, appioved by
the Comimi-sioner of the General Land Office, it shall be
the duty of tho said Commissioner to cuu^e a patent to is-
sue to the claimant as s.oon as piacticable after &ucii ap-
piovai.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions Ot
{he preceding section shall apply to all surveys and plats by
the surveyor geneial of Calitomia heretofore made, which
have not already been approved by one of the district courts
of the United States foi California, or by the Commissioner
of the GeueiaJ Land Office.
Sec. 3. Jlnd he xtjurther enacted, That where a pint and
survey have aheady been approved or corrected by one of
the district couits of the United States for California, and
an appeal from the decree of approval oi correction has al-
ready been taken to the Supreme Court of the United States,
the said Supremo Court shall h.ivu juu-sdictiou to hear and
detetmine the appeal; hut where liom such decree of ap-
proval or correction no appeal has been taken to the Su-
preme Couit no appeal to that Court shall be allowed, hut
an appeal may bo taken within twelve mouths after tins act
shall take effect to the circuit couit of the United States
for Cainornia, and said circuit couit shall pioceed to tully
determine the mattei. The s>aid circuit couit shall have
* power to affirm or reverse or modify the action of tho dia-
tuct court, or oider the case back to the suiveyoi general
for u now smvey. When the case is ordered back for a nkw
survey, tho subsequent survey of the sui veyor general shall
be under the supervision of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Ollice, and not of the district or ciicuil couit of
tile United State*.
Sec. 4. Jlnd he zt fartner enacted, That the district courts
in coiiMdeung objections taken by the United States to the
confirmation of claims to lands undci the said act of Match
3. 18.>l,phall bo limited to Mich objections as shall be j-pe-
cifically >tated ; and it shall be tiie duty of the district at-
torney to file with the clerk of the eouit, picvious to the
heaiing of each ea->e, a specific statement ot the objections
whiclfvviil be uiged to tiie confirmation. Tins appellate
jurisdiction ot"the Supreme Couit shall m like manner be
restricted to such specific objection*.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it futther enacted, That whenevei the
district j u dire of any one of the disniet courts nf the United
States (or (JaJilonna interested in any land, the claim to
which, under the said act of Match '4, ISol. is pending be-
fore him on .ippual fioin the board of eommb-ioucr.-1 crcatcd
by said act. the said district court shall oidei the ea&e to
be franstened to the cncuit court of the United States for
<'aliiOi run, which couit shall theieupon take juri-diction
and finally detcimme the same. The said district eoutts
may also oider a tian«fer to the said circuit couit 0,1" any
other cases nri-mg under ^aid act pending before them af-
fecting the title to hinds within the coiporato limits of any
<*tty oi town, and m such cases both the dii-tuct and eiicuit
judges may set.
See. 6. Jlnd be it fait her enacted, That all the right and
title of the United Stnt^ to the laud^ within the eoipoiate
limits of the city of San Fiancisco, as defined m tho act
lnempojating said city, passed by the- Legislature of '•aid
State on tho loth of April. 1651, ai e iieieliy iel*nqui>hed and
giantcri to tiie said eitj and its succes^ois, lor the u-es and
purposes specified iu tiie oulinances of said eity.iatifiod bj
an actof tiie Legislatureof the said State, appiovrd on the
11th of Maich, 1S5S, entitled "An act concerning the eit}
of San FiaueiiCO, and to latify and eonfhin certain oidi-
nauces ot thf* common council of s.ud cm." theie being
excepted fiuia tln^ lelinqmshment and grant all <ites or
othci paieeU of laiuU which have been or now are occu-
pied by the t' nited States tor militaiy, n t\ al. or other pub-
lic us.es>, or such other ^ites or parcel*, as may heieafier he
designated by (he President of the United Stat<"^ \\ iihm one
yeai after the rendition to the Gem ral Land Ofhce hy the
surveyor general or' an appioved plat of tne e.\teuor linnt-
ot San fjiinchco as tecognized ia tin-. heetion, m connec-
tion with tho lines of the public .-urveys: And piotidcd,
That the relinqiu-hment and mant by tins act -hall in no
manner inteifeie u all oi piejudice any bona fide claim-, of
ofheis, whether a^seittd .ulvei&ely umler lights d'mvod
iiom Spain, Mexico, oi the law< ot tne Units*! State®, nor
preclude a judicial examination and adjustment thereof.
Si.c> 7. tfljid be it fwither enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the suiveyor geneial of California to cau^e all the
piivate land chums finally confirmed to be accurately sur-
veyed and plats thcieof to be made whenever requited by
Jite claimants: P)ondi-d, That each claiinantreijuestinga
suivcv and plat shall first deposit m the district com t of the
district within which the land is situated a >ufTieionf sum
of money to pay the expenses of such survey and plat and
of tile publication lequired by the fust section of tins act.
Whenever the sutvey and plat requested shall have been
completed and foiwaidi'd to the Commissionei of the Gen-
eral Land Office, as ipquned by this act. the district couit
may direct the application of the money deposited, or so
much thereof as may he necessary, to tho pajment of the
expenses of sajd survey and publication.
Src. fi. And he it fuitker enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general of California, in rnaknig^in veyss
ot tiie pnvate land claims finally coitfiimed, to io'ilow the
deeu e oi confirmation as closely as piacticable whenever
such dectee designates the specific bou,idariCf ot the claim ;
but when <-uch ri'eeioc designates only the out-boundaries
within which the quantity confirmed is to be taken, the
loc.mon oi'such quantity shall be made, as neat as practi-
cable. in one tiact; and if the character of the land or in-
tervening citints be such as to lend'-r the location impiae-
ticable in one tiact, tiien each separate location shall be
made, near as piacticable, m a compact fmni. Audit
sh'ill be the duty of the Commissionei oi the Geneial Land
Office to requiu* a sub-tantial compliance with the ducc-
tioiH ofthw sec tiou befoio appiovmg any sin vej and plat
Jonvarded to him.
Sec. 9. And be tf farther enacted, That the act entitled
'•An nei to amend an act entitled 'An act to define and i em-
ulate the jurisdiction of the district courts of the United
States in California, in legard to the survey and location
of confiimed private land claims,'57 approved June 14,1860, j
and all provisions of law inconsistent with this act, are
heieby repealed.
Mr. CARLILE. At the end of the second sec-
tion of the amendment I move to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That where proceedings for the correction or
Confirmation of a survey are pending on the passage of
this act in one of the said district courts, it shall be lawful
for cach distiict court to proceed and complete its exam-
ination and determination of the matter; and its decree
thereon shall he subject to appeal to the circuit court of the
United States for the district in like manner, and with like
effect, as hereafter provided for appeals in other cases in
the circuit court, and such appeals may be in like manner
disposed of by said circuit court.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. In the last word of the fifth
section of the amendment, I move to strike out
the letter " e," and to insert the letter " i;" so as
to make it " sit," instead of " set."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That does not re-
quite any motion. It is a correction of orthog-
raphy.
Mr. CARLILE. In the fourth and fifth lines of
the sixth section of the amendment I move to
strike out the words "said State," and to insert
si the State of California."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in tho amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia who has this bill in charge,
whether the chairman of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands has not an amendment to offer? I see
that lie is not in his seat at present.
s Mr. CARLILE. Not that 1 know of.
Mr. CONFESS. What is the question ?
Mr. HENDRICKS, The chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands was speaking to me
the other day about ^ proposed amendment tb
stiikeouta section from the bill, which I thought
was a very important amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the bit! has been
made to conform to his wishes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like the Senator
from Iowa to have an opportunity to be. heard on
that question before the bill passes. I see that
he is now in his seat.
Mr. HARLAN. The section referred to by
the Senator from Indiana is section four of the
amended bill, commencing at page 8 and ending
on page 9. I move that that section be stiicken
out.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will state
(he objects and purposes of striking that section
out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the section be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The words pro-
posed to be stneken out will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Sec. 4. *7nd he it fuither enarted. That the district court'
in eou-ideiing objections taken by the United States to the
confn mation of claim'- to lands- undei the taid actof Maich
3, IS.'jI,shall be limited to such objections as shall be .spe-
cifically stated; and it shall be the duty of the di-tnct at-
torney to file with the cloik oi the couit, previous to the
hearing of each ca«a\ a specific statement of the objections
which'will be uigrdtothe confiimation. The appellate
jurisdiction of the Sujneme Couit shall in like manner bo
restricted to such specific objections.
Mr. HARLAN. I called the attention of the
Senator from Indiana to this section from the fact
that he has had experience in the practical opera-
tion of our land laws, having been at the head of
the Bureau of Public Lands for a series of years.
This section, it will be perceived, lefers to the
pleadings. It occurred to me that if the Govern-
ment should unfortunately appoint a blundering,,
lawyer to act as district attorney who would not
file very perfect pleadings, the interests of the
United States might be piejudiced by compelling
the court to follow the pleadings. It might be-
come manifest to the court under the law as it
stood that the claim was invalid; and yet if the
pleadings were not so framedas to raise tiie ques-
tion, the interests of the Government would be
prejudiced. 1 think the Senator from Indiana con-
curred with me in that opinion. If so, he is per-
fectly competent to state his own view of the case.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 leaily cannot sec the pur-
pose of striking out tin's section. I cannot see
any greater necessity than that of confining par-
ties who plead to specific objections. The very
purpose of this act is to expedite the settlement
of land titles. I do not know indeed what possi-
ble injury can take place or occur to tiny interest
under this section. I-should like to hear the Sen-
ator from Indiana on this subject, having much
respect for his opinion. This biil has been con-
sidered by the Land,Department and by the Com-
missioner who is now at the head of that Depa%
menu
Mif. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cali-
fornia says he can see no reason why this section
should be stricken out. My attention was calledl
to the section, and I could see no reason why it
should be in the bill. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to secure a confirmation of every incom-
plete title which came to us on the acquisition of
California; but the act of 1851 requires that the
party shall present his claim in proper form and
shall establish it so that it shall be approved by
the courts. It is now proposed for the first time
that if the attorney for tjie Government in the
court below shall not state specifically all the ob-
jections to the title as presented, those objections
shall not be regarded by the court below nor by
the Supreme Court of the United States. Why
ought that to be, sir? Any case that comes to the
Supreme Court oftheUnited States comes upon the
whole record, whether it be between the Govern-
ment or between private parties litigating. Shall
we establish a different rule for the cases coming
up from California? I am notable to see a reason
for it. If theattorney for the Government should
neglect to state an objection to the title in the court
below, although in the Supreme Court it might
become very obvious on the whole record that the
title ought not to be confirmed but that tiie land
ought to go to settlers instead of to the claimant,
still, under the operation of this section, although
the record showed that the title was invalid, the
Supreme Court would not be at liberty to say so,
because at the commencement of the investiga-
tion the attorney for the Government had failed
to indicate this particular objection. It is knowh
to every attorney that in the progress of the ex-
amination of a cause an objection will arise, and
then again another and another, until finally the
'very merit of the case is understood; and very
frequently objections to the title do not appear
until the case comes into the Supreme Court,
where a very careful examination is had.
It seems to me that it would be jeopardizingthe
rights of the Government and of settlers to say
that the Government should not, in the Supreme
Court, avail itself of an objection, plain upon the
record, to the title, unless the attorney below had
'indicated in his pleadings that objection. I hope
the section will be stricken out. I think the mo-
tion of the Senator from Iowa, representing the
Public Land Committee, ought to be sustained.
Mr, CONNESS. Mr. President, I suppose the
Senator from Indiana would not have an appellate
court travel out of the record presented to it. I
really cannot understand the force of the objection
made. The tendency of the argument of the Sen-
ator is to leave the implication that there is a cov-
ert purpose in this section which is to produce
the confirmation of titles claimed to land. I would
divest it of that implication, as there is no purpose
of that kind. A provision that there should be
power to amend the objections made, at certain
stages in the progress of the investigation, per-
haps would be proper enough. The only purpose
sought here is to confine the adjudication of these
cases to the record in each case, and I cannot see
any objection to that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I made my objection
very poorl y indeed, if all the Senators understood
mc as the iSuiator from Californiahas. I did not
suggest that the Supreme Court should go out-
side of the record. 1 knew very well that the
court could not go out of the record; but this is
the point: if upon the face of the record the title
is not a good one, and ought not to be conlii m§d,
shall the Supreme Court confirm it, simply be-
cause the attorney below lias failed to indicate the
i fatal point of objection to the title?
! Mr. DAVIS. This matter does not concern
, me or my State; nevertheless I will make a re-
i mark in relation to the bill. I suggest to my
I orablc friend from Indiana thata proviso beadded
{ to the bill authorizing an amendment^the plead-
| mgs at any time before judgment. That pnnci-
