1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m'
was passed by (Smgress in 1790, in which they
prescribed for treason the penalty of death with-
out forfeiture; and 1 believe that the law so re-
mained until the confiscation act of 1862. Some
time after theadoption by this Government of the
comparatively humane policy of limiting forfeit-
ures to life and eschewing corruption of blood, the
English Pciiliameut, in the reign of William IV,
influenced by our example, adopted the Ameri-
can policy, and cast the oppressive doctrines of
conuption of blood and forfeiture of estate be-
yond the life of the convict out of the legislation
of Great Britain. Were the English statesmen
also deceived as to the intent and meaning of our
Constitution?
It cannot be denied that the understanding of
able and learned men, jurists and commentators,
who lived and acted at the time of the making of
our Constitution, and shortly after, is of much
weight whenever questions arise upon the con-
struction of the Constitution. It is true that the
gentleman from Maryland pronounces the views
of these men on the subjoct before us " palpably
wrong;" but, with great respect for his judgment
in ordinary matters, i believe the opinion which
we hold, as they did, is palpably right. My col-
. league has exhibited the opinion of Judge Story;
and all legal minds in this country will estimate
alike the value of that opinion. The gentleman
from Irrdiana [Mr. Orth] has produced several
high authorities to the same effect, although he
ignores their teaching. I will oblige that gen-
tleman by furnishing him with what he infoims
us he sought vigilantly, but could not find, some
wise voice, speaking from the time-honored pages
of the Federalist, on this subjoct. Let the gen-
tleman turn to the 173d pageof this volume which
I hold in my hand, and he will find, from the pen
of no less distinguished a commentator than James
Madison, the following paragiaph:
" As treason may bo committed ag-un'-t tiie United States,
the authority of the United States ou^lu to be able to pun-
ish it; but a* new-tangb'd and aitifieialti<>as'Hi« have been
the gtear engines by winch vmi< nUnetioii^thenatuia! ofF-
spimg of 1'iee Government', have usually wreaked then
alternate .malignity on c.ich other, the Convention have,
with groat judgment,oppos-eri a bai riei to this peculiar dan-
cer by inserting a constitutional definition ot The cnme,
fixintr the proot neee^aiy foi conviction of it, and ie-ttam-
ing the Conqre^ even in punishing it, from extending the
con.-equcnces of guilt beyond the person of author."
That gentleman having assured us that com-
mentators have all taken an absurd view of the
subject, undertakes to solve the problem of con-
struction in a more rational way. To bring about
that solution and demonstrate its conclusiveness
the gentleman avails himself of a new and modem
peispicactty, which Story, Madison, Rawle, and
other like mendid not possessat the time of writ-
ing, and whose opinions, therefore, are entitled
to less weight-on that account. This new perspi-
cacity arises from great advances recently made
in the science of philology by which the learned
have been enabled to illuminate the obscurity
which to many suirounds the rooty origin of
words. Of couise, as we are a progressive people,
we must learn to reinterpret our Constitution and
laws according to the new philological light, liy
applying this improved advantage to the con-
struction of the involved clause the gentleman
comes out all right. He philologizes away the
little word "except," and then he has corruption
of blood and forfeiture of estate unlimited, the re-
sult of the new and improved process, applied to
the clausc, being this conclusion, that what the
Constitution requires is thejt the judicial procced-
ings against the guilty party shall be had in his
lifetime—thus foibidding the injustice of institu-
ting an action agauista dead man, upon whom no
better service of process could be made than by
pasting the wnt or wartaut on his coffin ortomb-
stone. I am on the whole constrained to believe
that with such results fiom what is claimed to be
improved interpietation, we had better adhere to
the teachings of common sense. Did the makeis
of the Constitution intend to prevent, or did they
imagine the possibility oflegal proceedings to en-
force the penalties of treason being instituted or
piosecuted after the death of the accused? Cci-
tainly not.
The gentleman fiom Indiana .-"vrns to be not
quite clear, even with his new light upon this sub-
ject of corruption of blood and forfeiture of estate.
The second and third divisions ofthe cited clause,
although they importdistinct ideas, both look and
inure to the same effect in this, that they piovide
that no incapacity to inherit shall attach to the
heir, and that no forfeiture shall attach to the es-
tate to prevent the inheritance.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis]
who once, as he says, adopted the construction
of the Constitution for which I contend, but now
sees the matter in another light, argues, among
othei suggestions, that the alleged restrictions ot
the Constitution, having relation to an attainder,
which means a forfeiture by the judgment of a
couit,aie inapplicable to the piocess of forfeiture
under the confiscation act of 1862. He says, if'
he has read aright, the law does not attach for-
feiture or confiscation to an attainder on convic-
tion of treason. If the gentleman will turn his
attention to the seventh section of that act, he will
find that the entire substance of the proceedings
under that act consists in the foi feiture, upon proof
of treason, by judicial judgment, of the property
of a person shown in court to have been guilty of
the facts which constitute that crime, and there-
foi e such pi oceedings ai e, in principle,in noway
distinguished from those had on indictments for
treason, where forfeiture follows conviction, and
is made a part of the judgment and sentence. The
proceedings under the confiscation law to attach
forfeiture to the estate of the party after the pe-
riod of his life, are judicial proceedings to inflict
*the very penalty which the Constitution prohibits,
for the offense upon which the foi feiture is pted-
icated is treason. The findings and orders ofthe
court, as provided for in thatact, are substantially
and m effect attainders of tieason. Prescribing
a new method of doing a forbidden thing docs not
help the dilemma. As an argument to show that
the framers did not intend to protect estates from
forfeiture to follow the laws of blood inheritance,
it is said that the costs of the conviction and fines
adjudged are liens upon the estate ofthe deceased,
and that against the heir it may be appropiidted
to pay them. This argument tails to exhibit the
slightest analogy, for fines and costs are simply
like civil debts, to be paid out of the estate of a de-
ceased debtor, but do not involve atall the idea of
foi feiture, which as a penalty sweeps away a whole
estate withoupegard to value or amount.
Rut a more appreciable reason has been given
by the gentleman from Maryland for urging this
policy. He informs us that the fixed policy of
itf! Ad ministration is the unconditional confisca-
tion of the property of rebels. This may be true
at the present time, but I always supposed that
the President was an essential part of an Admin-
istration, and cuitdinly at one time, wlun this
very confiscation bill was under his consideration,
he pcrceived insurmountable constitutional objec-
tions to the unrestricted forfeitures provided for
by its terms. This state of his mind he made
known to Congress in the most emphatic way,
by his piepated and announced veto, and, as all
know, the result of this was the explanatory and
restrictive resolution which it is now proposed to
repeal as an incumbrance upon the effectiveness
of the act. The passage of the resolution was
understood by the country as a confession that
the President and the Democrats were right on the
question.
But we of this side of the House are told, in
effect, by the gentleman from Maryland, that no
sympathy for or support of'thc Administration
is desired from us; and that any profession of a
willingness to aid the Administiation in any mat-
ter in which we can perceive tliatitis right is not
received with any cordiality on his side of th<j
House. The probability is that we shall not often
feel called upon to make ourselves offensi ve in that
way, for that is not our principal business here.
We have resting upon us, however, a solemn obli-
gation to do precisely what the gentleman thinks
we might better foi bear, to discuss such constitu-
tional questions as may affect the integi ltyand pei-
manenee of this Government; to contend against
the advancing strides of revolutionary policy, and
to invoke the attention of out fellow-legislators to
the consideration of the great puneiple.s upon
which oui Govei nruent «s founded; to obey the
will ofoi i constituents by endeavoi log to promote
the best and suiest moans of relieving otu bleed-
ing country from the nameless honois of civil
w;n, and restoring to the people of all the States
and to the Government the sacred Constitution of
our fathers and the Union as it was. In these
disjointed times, when the doctrines of the repub-
lican fatheisare openly impugned and an infrin-
ging revolution is defacing the fair features ofthe
people's free Government; when essential por-
tions and principles ofthe Constitution are voted
upon the table, the conservatism which is left
unfettered and uncontaminated will not fail, in
view of the boon to be struggled for and^the
calamity to be contended against, to show its
entire front; and though the number of its votaries
in the high places of the Government in this dark
day of the Republic may be too limited for their
immediate success, yet the trust and hope they
have in truth and justice will insure their inces-
sant labor for the salvation of the country until
either the wished for or the dreaded consumma-
tion shall come.
I occasionally hear gentlemen upon the other
side of this House allude with apparentpride and
self-gi atulation to the successes of their party in the
elections of the last year; in answer to all which,
and to suggest a reason for the mollification of the
boast, I propose to acknowledge the rightfulness
of their piedominance, when they will show to
us that upon a fair, honest, and uncoerced can-
vass they could Imve had a majority of the votes
of freemen, qualified and citizenized, in the States
and precincts where they w,on their victories.
Aside from the constitutional inability of Con-
grqflg to make and put in operation such a law as
the'conscnption act of 1862 would be without
the restriction of the resolution which was in-
tended to restrain its scope to the limits of the
Constitution, lam fully persuaded that, as a mat-
ter of policy, it assures ho benefit to the Govern-
ment or peopletoapologize forevenapossible in-
fraction of the Constitution.
One of my worthy colleagues [Mr.Garfield]
says on this subject that he would not break the
Constitution at all, unless it should become neces-
sary to overleap its barriers to save the Govern-
ment and the Union. I can assure my conserv-
ative colleague that no such monstrous jump is
demandedefhim. Such leaps would be dangerous
to him, to the Government, and the Union—dan-
gerous as was the fatal leap ofa historic man who
dared to throw himself from the dizsy height of
Niagara. I ask, what benefitis expected to bede-
nved to the Government from untying the ultra-
isms of the conscription bill, and playing fantas-
tic tricks with the Constitution? It is manifest
that the effect of that bill, unfettered, would be to
put a large portion of the real estate of the south-
ern States under the auctioneer's hammer—for
such is the enactmentofthc bill—which mightand
would be bought by the northern speculators at
such contemptible prices as might enrich the spec-
ulates, but would bring but veiy little money into
the Treasury ofthe United States. Yes, it would
indeed be asplendid scheme forspeculation. How
many-fortunes would be made by loyal purchas-
ers out of such forfeited estates, no matter how-
much of poverty, starvation, and death it should
occasion; no matter how much of suffering may
fall to the lot of the innocent, disinherited child;
no matter that the wail of the houseless and strick-
en widow shall pierce the air as she waffUcrs away
with her homeless infant. These tern bj£ consid-
erations cannot be permitted to disturb the suc-
cess of the speculation. Such policy conferred
by military power might perhaps drive the south-
ern people from the face of the earth, exteimina-
ting them as Indian tribes have sometimes been
exterminated; but who, in his heait, can wish for
such a consummation ? Desire for the success of
the Administration should prevent it. Love of
the Government and hope ofa restoration of the
Union should appeal against it. It is not what a
rnajoi ity ofthe people ofthe middle and western
States desire. Their desire, in which many
southern people concur, is to have the seceded
States restored to the Union; to have reinstated
over southern people and southern soil the su-
premacy and the protection of the Government
of the United Suites.
Foi this great and patriotic object the bravest
and the most enlightened of our soldiers have vol-
untarily imponled their lives upon the battle-field.
Who believes th.it these patriotic men would have
voluntarily inctured all the dangers and hardships
ofa most sanguinary war, facing the certain death
of so many thousands of their numbers, for the^
ignoble purpose of destroying u large portion oi
their own fair count! y ' I^o, they volunteered by
thousands fiom the political party to which I be-
lungj and I gave my voice heartily by way of m-
