1864
TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
this evening to take it up and act upon it in the
Senate. We shall have some amendments prob-
ably. I wish to send it back to the House of
Representatives soon, so as to have a committee of
conference at as early a day as practicable.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not thigk that after
our several evening sessions this week we ought
to do more than pass this bill to-day, We are
about through with amendments; there is no op-
position to the amendment of the Senator from
Minnesota, I think. Let us vote, pass the bill,
and 'then adjourn. I think w§ are all tired enough.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be no necessity
for evening sessions if w,e can have an honest,
fair understanding that we shall stay here quietly
until the business of the country is finished, if it
be till the middle of August.
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know what is the question before the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
.from Michigan [Mr.Howard]asked unanimous
consent to interpose a motion that at half past
four o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess till
seven o'clock.
Mr. GRIMES. I objcct.
The PRESIDING C)FFICER. The motion
being objected to, it cannot be entertained while
there is another subject before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I beg the Senator from Iowa
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not withdraw it; let us
go on quietly; we have got plenty of time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr. Wilkinson] to the civil appropriation
bill.
Mr. HICKS. I do not wish to consume the
time of the Senate, but I desire here to raise a.
voice of warning to extremists on both sides of
this Chamber. There are those here who on all
occasions, if it is possible to wake up and bring
in the negro, never fail to do it; and on the other
hand there are those who with or without pro-
priety endeavor to wake up the corpse of Democ-
racy. I say to these extremists, beware; you are
treading on dangerous ground. Gentlemen on
the other side (with most of whom I generally
act in this Chamber) seem to act as if the rebel-
lion were put down, while gentlemen on this side
of the House seem to think that nothing is more
ceitain than that the Democratic party will soon
again come into power, and that then all the clouds
of war will disappear and the clear sunlight of
peace again illumine our path. If gentlemen
will drop these exciting questions as to the col-
ored population, remain quiet, and let things take
their natural course, in my opinion the country
will soon be restored to quiet and peace. As to
bringing into power again the Democratic party,
I am entirely unable to decidc as to which would
be the greater calamity, the success of the rebel-
lion or the resurrection of the Democratic party.
I believe the one would be aboutequaiiy ruinous
with the other. In the early years of my life, in
the days of Jeffersonian Democracy, I was a
Democrat, I voted the Democratic ticket; but I
never belonged to the modern Democracy, and
God forbid that I ever should unless there shall
be a perfect regeneration of it, which 1 do not
expect.
But, Mr. President, my object was to protest
against the introduction of these irrelevant propo-
sitions. What relevancy this amendment can
have to the bill under consideration I have not
been able to discover. We are now, I hope, ap-
proaching the close of the session; but if the
course indicated by some gentlemen were pursued
1 doubt whether we should get away from here
before the 3d of March next. We should get
along much better in these halls of legislation if
gentlemen would only be quiet and let the negro
alone for a while; it would be better for us, bet-
ter for the country, better for the negro himself.
Only yesterday the convention assembled to re-
vise the constitution of the State of Maryland
passed an ordinance of emancipation. No man
is more gratified at the action of that body than
myself; but n seems to me that as Senators we
have something else to do here besides continually
talking on the slavery question. I am decidedly
in favor of the establishment of a Freedmen's
Bureau. I desire to see these poor creatures pro-
tected and taken care of in the best possible way.
I differ with the Senator from Kansas as to the
feasibility of sending them and colonizing them
in a hurry. It may be done at last, and 1 would
rather see it done provided they can be comforta-
bly taken care of in that way. But if you hasten
that question-and mix it up with the effort to put
down the rebellion I fear the icsult. Time is
consumed, injury is done, the people become dis-
affected, many conservative loyal Union men are
driven away frorfl the ranks of the Union party
by the continual effort of some gentlemen here
not only to render as odious as possible the slave-
holding population, but to place the negro,sud-
denly and at once upon an equality with the
white man. I read in my Bible that the Creator
took six days to createthe heavens and the earth.
Some gentlemen appear to think that they can
work outthis great problem in twenty-four hours.
I think it will take a long time to legislate suitably
and properly to protect and take care of the col-
ored population. I have no idea that we ought
to pass such a bill as was under consideration a
few days ago. I have let a portion of my slaves
go into the Army and the rest go free. I want to
see the slaves in the whole country emancipated;
but I do not want them to be practically reduced
to slavery again; I do not want negro-drivers to
go fiom the North or the middle States or the
border States or anywhere to control and make
money out of my negroes; I want them to go free
and have the benefits of their labor for them-
selves. As my colleague has properly remarked,
we get along with the free negroes in Maryland
very well. Leaving out Baltimore-city, there are
more in my county than in any other county in
the State, and they get along very well; .we have
no trouble with them. They are employed by
the whites; some own land, some lent land, and
they are a useful class. Some of our white people
will not labor always when they have a chance,
but these colored people are constantly employed
generally, and they live happily, comfortably,and
respectably. They do not want your interfer-
ence on their behalf. But some gentlemen, from
the time they wake up in the morning until they
go to bed at night, it seems to me, think of noth-
ing except the mgio.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire to say to the
honorable Senator from Maiyland [Mr. Hicicsj
that there is no necessity in my judgment for his
announcement that be would not join the Demo-
cratic party. Let me tell him, with all kindness
and respect, that we have got about all we want
down in his neighborhood, and we have put up
the gate, so that if he wanted to get in he is a little
too Ute. The Democratic party is going to suc-
ceed, notwithstanding the awful apprehensions
the gentleman has, and it is going to succeed with-
out any more additions to it from the locality
where he resides. If he had made application
some eight or ten years ago, and had proved by
his works that he was a sound convert to the
faith, we should have no objection to letting down
the bats; but as it is, we cannot take him in; we
have enough without him.
Mr. LUCKS. Let me say to my friend from
Delaware that whenever I make application to be
admitted into that paity I have no doubt they will
take me in readily.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator fiom Minne-
sota, [Mr. Wn.i:i\"sox.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIAULAN. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and sev-
enty-five of section two:
To enable the CoinnnsMouui of Agricultmc to pay a debt
incurred by the UoiumisMoiier of Patent-* in preparing the
agrieultui.il report Tor 18G1, and tranalerred to the account
of the Asjiieultuinl Department, in [mrduaneeof an opinion
of the Attorney General, of September IB, 1862, $3,704 05.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is if the
amendment conies from a committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does it come from a com-
mittee?
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Agri-
culture have directed me to propose the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That until otherwise directed
by law the Vr-rutoiy of New Mexico and tile Territoiy of
Arizona shall constitute one surveyor general'* duiriet;{
that the Territory of Idalfo rfiall constitute mid to? a part;
of the surveyor Keneral's distrletof Colorado; (ii<tt"tlre:
Territories ot* Nebraska, Dakota, and Montana sbaH'coft-f
stitute one surveyor genera)'* dtsttiet; amttliattlterebbaUf
be but one office of the surveyor general for each sur-t
veyor general's district; thai the provisions 'of this'sec-
tion shall be executed umjer sucli rules and regulations na-
may be prescribed by tbe'CoinnlisisTOtmr'of tlie iGeneral
I#aiul Offices ami that all acta and parts^of acts in con-
flict with (lie provisions of tbU sept'iou are hereby
pealed. H " ; "*
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out " Nebraska" where,
it occurs. Kansas arid Nebraska are now one
surveying district, and have been for yeai;ft',,
Mr. HARLAN. I haye no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Iowa to agree to that
modification of his amendment?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
amended by the consent of the mover.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to ask the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands what district Utah is in.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think Utah is now a part
of the district of Colorado.
Mr. CONNESS. Are you certain?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it is so.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I suggest,to the chair-
man to add Nevada to Utah and Colorado, awl
make it a part of that district. There is every
reason for making that arrangement and not con-
tinuing it as it is now by a very unwise provis-
ion, as I think, part of the California district..
In the first place the district of California is suf-
ficiently large for any one surveyor general, with
its thousands of questions, involving complica-
tions and surveys, and in the next place Nevada
is divided from California by the greatest range
of mountains in the country. There is really no
reason for ever having placed it there, and I hope
that Nevada by this act will be transferred to
those two Tcintories. It immediately adjoins
Utah Territory, and they have direct communi-
cation, their people are spreading from the one to
the other, the general complexion of the country
is the same, and it will contribute to order and
regularity, and I think be very much more ac-
ceptable to the community. I make that motion
as ail Amendment, that "Nevada" be added after
" Idaho," so as to say " Idaho and Nevada."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted'.
• Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Cojm-
mittee on Commerce—:—
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Maine, I should like to offer a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall get through
with the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Resolutions have been passed
over all this week, and there is 110 possibility of
getting them in unless irregularly.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are just at the close of
this bill, and we can have it reported to the Sen-
ate in five minutes if Senators will wait. I do
object to everything that is out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The resolu-
tion cannot be received, being objected to.
Mr. MORRILL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment as a
new section:
Aid he it further cnactei, That tlie Secretary of War be
authorized and directed to cause a suivey to be made of
the liailior of Frankfort, in the State of Michigan, with an
estimate of tlie cost of erecting piers at sain harbor suitable
for the protection of vessels engaged in commerce and for
vessela-ot-war; and the sum of $1,000 is hereby appropri-
ated for said purpose, to be paid from any moneys In the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
There was an application before the Commit-
tee on CommereS'for an appropriation of $50,000
for the improvementof this harbor on Lake Mich-
igan; but the evidence was deemed insufficient by
the committee to justify such a recommendation.
From the best information we could get on the
subjcct from the War Department, the people in
that vicinity regard this improvement as of vfiy
great importance to the commerce of tha lake,
arid they have done something in the way of im-
provement by erecting piers by private enterprise,
and there weie plans and specifications for the
improvement, but they had not been adopted by
the War Department, and we cannot get sufficient
information from the War Department to justify
