1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28.
pie obtains in all the recent modes of pleading, I
believe. I know it does in New York and in the
State of Kentucky.
By the act of 1789 the judges of the courts of
the United "States have the right to modify and to
prescribe the modes and forms of pleading. If
there was anything in this bill that was improper,
the tendency of which was to defeat a fair trial
and the administration of justice growing out of
^ defect of allegations or of pleadings, the courts
would have the power to modify the forms and
modes of proceeding so as to obviate thij evil.
But I suggest to the honorable Senator from In-
diana that he propose an amendment, by way of
proviso, that the pleadings may be amended at
* any time before judgment in the case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask of the
Senator from Kentucky, who is a very able land
lawyer, if, under any system of pleading, a title
:is ever pleaded? Youaverin your pleading your
right to the property, but you do not plead the
title; neither under the common-law system nor
under any of the systems adopted under the codes
of theditterentStates. I presume (although lam
not familiar with that particular question) that in
the practice which has grown up under the act of
1851 in respect to the California land titles, there
is no pleading of title. The claimant must show
his claim to the court; but the Government is not
expected to plead a chain of title, whether there
is a better title in another, or in herself. She puts
herself upon the denial of the title of the claimant.
That is the issue?, and it is tried. Now all that I
„ insist is that, when a case shall come up to the
Supreme Court of the United States thus joined,
if the record itself shows that the title ought not
to be confirmed, we shall not require theSupreme
Court to confirm it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquire of the
Committee on Public Lands whether the section
proposed to be stricken out would deprive the
court of the power of looking at an error appa-
rent on the record; if it was not assigned there?
Is that the point? Suppose there is an error on
the record; if it is not assigned for error, is the
Court to look into it or not?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator will see by look-
ing at the text of the section which the amend-
ment proposes to strike out, that it refers to the
Original trial of the case as well as to the trial in
the superior court.
Mr. COLLAMER. Does the section proposed
to be stricken out limit the court in its action to
that which is assigned for error?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then clearly it should be
stricken out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; and an assign-1
ment before there is a trial.
Mr. COLLAMER. That should never be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course not. There
are no assignments of error in the Supreme Court
of the United States, I believe.
Mr. COLLAMER. If it is notassigned below,
the court will rectify the error and should be al-
lowed to do so. 1 think this section clearly ought
to be stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
- the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to strike
out the fourth section of the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Having had some practical
acquaintance with what the operation of the law
in relation to these titles now is, 1 should like
to know of the honorable Senator from Virginia
why it has been thought necessary to repeal the
act of June 14, I860? Under that act tlie loca-
tion of lands in California winch have been in
dispute, (if the grants themselves have been rati-
fied either by the eourt below or by the Supreme
Court of the United States upon appeal,) is to be
made by the district court to whom the proceed-
ings are sent, and all persons, whether they are
parties tothe suit or not, are at liberty to appear,
or, in the language of the act of I860, to inter-
vene; and if they can show that they are inter-
ested in the manner in which the grant is to be
located they are to be considered as parties, and
have the same right to bring up any question de-
cided against them in relation to the location that
the original parties have. I do not know that any
practical mischief lias been the result of that law.
The change proposed is to substitute the Sur-
veyor General and the Land Office here for the
district court, and (if the parties think proper to
appeal, either the United States or the claimant,
or the intervener,) for the Supreme Court of the
United States.
The Senate is, of course, perfectly aware that
there are two questions, and each of them very
important, one of them almost as important as
the other, involved in these land titles. The first
is whether the grant itself is a good one; butafte.r
that is ascertained in favor of the claimant, the
other question arises, how is the grant to be lo-
cated ? That is a question that interests a good
many others besides the mere claimant and the
United States. The grants-in California, as well
as everywhere else, sometimes are found to be
conflicting in their boundaries. In such cases the
elder grantee has the better title with reference to
location according to the true location of which
the grants are susceptible; and where his grant
has not been passed upon by the courts, has never
been brought before the commissioners under the
act of 1851, never been the subject of legal con-
troversy, when the conflicting grant which is
brought before the commission is ascertained by
the board, or by the district court, or by the Su-
preme Court, as there may be an appeal or not, to
be a valid grant, and the question arises as to the
manner in which that grant is to be located, then
the person who has held undisturbed under an
elder title has a direct interest in keeping the loca-
tion of this junior title so as to exclude it from
the lines of hi's elder title. Now, you propose to
change the law allowing intervention in such a
case. Certainly,in relation to all inchoate titles,
all titles that have not been consummated by grant,
if you pass this bill, and one of these junior grants
shall be located by the surveyor, and that location
be affirmed here so as to conflict with the true lo-
cation of an elder-grant, the elder granted will npt
be concluded by that location.
The object of passing the act which you are
now asked to repeal was to avoid The very unjust
results that would necessarily fallow from an oc-
currence of that kind; and in my judgment, un-
less some good reason can be assigned why the
mode of treating the question now should be al-
tered from the mode provided for by the act of
1860,1 should think it was rather mischievous to
altempt to change it in the way in which this bill
proposes to change it. There are now in the Su-
preme Court of the United States a variety of
cases which involve the right under the act of
1860 of one who is not a party to the original
suitns l><-iwcen the United Stutesand the grantee,
to be heard in relation to the proper locution of
that grnntufter thegrant shall have been affirmed.
A case which has excited a good deal of interest
in tho public mind, and particularly in the mind
of that portion of the public who deal in stocks,
who in these days constitute a large class, the
case of what is called the New Almaden quick-
silver mine, claimed by the Quicksilver Mining
Company, illustrates what I have just stated.
The Quicksilver Mining Compa'ny claims un-
der a grant made or alleged to have been made,
and no doubt properly alleged to have been made,
by the Mexican authorities to a man by the name
of Justo Larios, and afterwards by him or by
mesne conveyances from him vested in a man by
the name of Possat. The (Quicksilver Mining
Company having purchased all the interest that
Fossat had, it became very material to them that
tliey should obtain such a location of that grant
as would include within its lines what was called
the New Almaden quicksilver mine. But there
was a coterminous giant, elder m point of (late,
made by Mexico to a man by the name of Ber-
reyesa; and the controversy between the hokiers
of that title and tho holders of the Larios title was
,as to the manner in which the two were to be lo-
cated,and thatquesiion is now before the Supreme
Court of the United States undecided. Those who
hold under the BerreyeSa title, claim that by the
tree location of that title the mine will be drawn
within its limits. TheQ.uicksilverMining Com-
pany for the most part claim under the Larios title,
which is in Possat, claim that the true location of
Beneyesa's grant is to cxclude the mine, and that
tho true location of their grant is to include it.
That question involves, or is supposed to involve,
millions of dollars; and if this biit which it is pro-
posed to pass had been in existence at that time,
that question would have been decided here in the
Land Office, first by a surveyor who is in only for
a period of time, who has not the independence
which belongs to the judiciary, has not, generally-
speaking, the talent which belongs to the judi-
ciary, and the Land Office here which is equally
without the independence that belongs to the ju-
diciary, and generally speaking is without the
particular talent that belongs to the judiciary to
decide questions of that sort involving thousands
and hundreds of thousands and millions of money,
instead of leaving the.m to be decided by that tri-
bunal which we nave been taught to believe, and
I think properly taught to believe—such is the
history of England and such is the history of the
United States and of every State in the United
States—is better able to decide such questions,
free from all extraneous influences which maybe
brought to bear upon their decision, either by an
appeal to ignorance or an appeal to cupidity. $
I should like to know, therefore, whether there
has been any particular mischief from the effect
of the act of 1860, which renders it necessary to
dispense with courts altogether and leave these
questions to be decided by the executive officers.'
That certainly is new in the history of legisla-
tion. Such a thing is not to be found in the States,
so far as I am advised. Questions of location un-
doubtedly in all the States in which there have
been grants of land have been considered as in
their nature altogether judicial; questions of grant
haveof course been considered as judicial; butthe
character of the first glass it is just as important
should be considered as judicial as it is important
that the second class to which I have adverted
should be considered as standing in the same re-
lation. Therefore, before I can vote for this bill
I should like to know what has been thepractical
mischief, if any, in the law as it now stands.
Mr. CARLILE. One of the objects of this bill,
as well as to expedite the settlement of titles to
lands in California, is to-relieve the Supreme
Court from the decision of the very questions
which the Senator claims should properly be left
with it. It was supposed that the correction of
surveys could be more properly made through the
action of the surveyor general and the Land Of-
fice here than by the Supreme Court. That is tho
reason assigned, I believe, for that section of the
bill. The Senator from California, who is more
familiar with the operations of the law of 1860
than I am, will reply further, I presume, to the
Senator from Maryland, if he desires to do so.
Mr. CONNESS. One of the purposes of this
act is to make the change to which attention has
been called by the Senator from Maryland. The
settlement of the question whether a^rantexists
is unquestionably a judicial question. These
grants are made within extensive exterior bound-
aries. After the decision of a grant affirmatively
by the courts, the question of its proper location
is generally supposed to be a ministerial or ad-
ministrative question, and not a judicial one. It
was so regarded up to 1860, when the act was
passed which is proposed to be repealed. At that
time a change was obtained in the law by which
thereafter the survey and location of a grant within
exterior boundaries was to be determined also by
the courts; and the result of that has been that
they have "dragged their slow length along" until
instead of making progress in the settlement of
our land titles, we are really further off from their
settlement than ever. This difficulty and disa-
bility has attracted the attention of all our peo-
ple. It has attracted the attention even of the
members of the Supreme Court. They see very
distinctly, I will state for the information of the
Senator from Maryland, that the settlement of a
survey or boundary is not in its nature a judicial
question, that they can know little or nothing
about it, and they ask, without doing it officially,
that that provision of the existing law be repealed
or changed.
There is another difficulty. I cannot say that
it belongs to the determination of these matters
in court; but that it is a growing evil there is no
doubt. The exhibit of surveys made under the
present system has been placed before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and it must surprise any
intelligent person.. How a grant of land should
ever have been made in the shape that the courts
have finally determined some of these to occupy
and be in, is a wonder to any intelligent person.
There are two objections to the present system.
The objection in the first place is that.after the
