THE CONGRESS
GLOB
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES,'WASHINGTON, P. 0.
Thirty-Eighth CoN&rebs, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JUNE 27, 1864.
New Series.....No. 20^.
timber, and is composed of arid sandy plains.
To make an appropriation to survey those vast
plains at this time, in my opinion, would be un-
wise and uncalled for, and I hope, therefore, that
this motion to reconsidcr will not prevail.
Mr. HOWARD. I received a few days since
a letter from the surveyor of the Territory, Mr.
Hill, who is an acquaintance of mine, in which
he expresses his most sincere wish that the ap-
propriation may not be reduced, in which he
states that there is just as much need there now
as there ever was in any Territory to proceed
with the public surveys. I know him very well.
He is an intelligent, active, vigorous, enterpris-
ing man, a man upon whose judgment I should
rely in such matters with the greatest respect, and
I know that he is opposed to this reduction of the
amount appropriated to carry on the public sur-
veys. I believe that this reduction from §15,000
to $5,000 has been upon the suggestion of a gen-
tleman, the Delegate from that Territory, who is,
very unfriendly, personally, as 1 understand, to
Mr. Hill, the present surveyor. What motive he
can have for this inteiference is more than 1 can
say; but I believe that the reduction has been rec-
ommended chiefly at his instance. It is sufficient
for me, however, to follow the suggestions of Mr.
Hill, the present surveyor, who understands the
necessities of theTeriitory much betterthan any
of us, and certainly as well as the present Delegate
from that Territory.
Mr. WILKINSON. I should like to ask the
Senator from Michigan how long the surveyor
general has been in Dakota, and where he went
from.
Mr. HOWARD. Tie went from the State of
Michigan. He is a citizen of my State, arid has
been in that Territory for I think thu-e years.
He has been home to his residence once or twice
during that time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand that there
are no estimates of the cost of these bridges, and
I understand that it is a mere thieving; proposi-
tion to come in and propose to build bridges with-
out estimates, and steal money. That is what 1
understand to be the fact in the case. There are
no estimates, no propositions from any source;
but the Delegate comes in and says we want some
bridges. Very well. You knosv how we bifild
bridges out West We generally lay a corduroy
log and put a little earth on top, and it is a bridge.
Now, sir, I understand this proposit'on to be
to take off §10,000 from the honest surveys of
that Tcrritoiy, and put it into a stealing fund, so
that they can build bridges without estimates,
without requisitions, and without being wanted,
and somebody will pocket the money, and that
is all there is to it. 1 want these lands surveyed,
so that honest mm can go in and take up the lands
and pay for them like honest men, and I do not
want any stealing I want this thing done hon-
estly, fairlv, squarely, upon estimates, upon fnir
propositions, and I hope that vote will be recon-
sidered, and that the Committee on Finance will
be sustained. I stand by the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. WADE. It is exceedingly easy to talk
about stealing and all that. 1 might with exactly
the same propriety say that, the surveyor wanted
a job there to suivey these sterile, barren mount-
ains that will probably never be occupied in the
world, for theie is very hale good territory there,
and survey it as often as you please it will never
be taken up for any purpose I know of. There
may be some mining regions there that are good;
but*all the good lands that want surveying and
where settlers will go lor a long time to come aie
alon" the riversand water-courses thatrun through
that'l'enitory. The idea of going into a general
survey of that mountainous, steule region now
is preposterous. I? it not as necessary that you
put the Territory in a condition so that settlers
may get into it across the rivers and occupy prop-
eriv that portion of it which is good tor anything
as it is that the barren mountains that never will
be inhabited should be surveyed?
205
Sir, it looks more like stealing to get a great
job under the pretense of surveying these barren
mountains. That looks to me more like stealing.
I can conceive very well that an honest settler
moving in there with his wagon and his family
in order to cross these perilous streams wants a
bridge, and he wants a road; but what in God's
name lie wants of a survey where a catamount
cannot get over, I do not understand. The steal-
ing is all on the other side. The Senator is con-
tending for surveying land that will never be sold
if you do survey it, and there will be time enough
twenty years hence to survey it if anybody is
fool enough to want it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have not said a word on
this bill. I think we have made a great mistake in
admitting this Territory at all. It seems to be in
position to steal either one way or the other.
That is the whole object from what we now hear.
T am sorry to hear that people steal in the way of
surveying public lands and building bridges. I
should like 'to have the vote establishing thatTer-
ritory reconsidered.
Mr. WADE. I do not like to be charged in
this way. There is considerable good arable land
there, but the country is more valuable for mining
purposes than any other. That is the fact about
it; and it is settling up with that view. The ag-
ricultural country where settlers are to come in
and occupy the land and want U survcy.nl for
that purpose is 9long the water-courses, but there
is no necessity for surveying the mountains.
Mr. TEN EYCK. My object was simply to
change the currentof the debate,with a hope that
we might get a vote.
JVIr."HARLAN. I doubt whether this
appropriation should be reduced from $15,000 to
$5,000; and then anfcddifioiml appropriation's
proposed to build bridges on a military road. We
all know that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is very careful in his estimates; he has
been attempting to cut down these appropriations
to the lowest figure possible consistent with the
public service. In every surveyor gene raj's dis-
trict the attempt has been made to reduce it to the
very lowest cent that will survey the lands that
will be needed by settlers during thecommg year,
and I think it is more safe to lely 011 his judgment
in the matter than to rely on the statement of the
Delegate who comes here for a year ortwo yeais,
a.ui asks to have a change made frofri surveys to
bridges.
Mr. RAMSEY. I will suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that a large tract of country has been
acquired by treaty this winter 011 the west side of
the Red river; the best settlements they have; and
they have a home population that do want sur-
veys undoubtedly.
Mi. POWELL. I move that the Semite do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, will the Senate reconsider the vote on concur-
ring in the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Michigan ?
The motion to reconsider was rejected—ayes
seven, noes not counted.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be lead a thud lime. The bill was
read the thivd time.
Mr. POWELL. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of this bill. 1 want to vote-against
it. I think there is iniquity enough in it to con-
taminate the nation. .
The yeas and nays were oraercd^and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bnckalevv, Chandler,
CI.u iv. Oonne&s, Dixon, DoohlUe, Fei eii<U'tt, Four, lloilan,
Ihurfs flowed, Hmve, Johnson, Lunc of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Moigan, Moirill, Ne^untli. Posm-iov, uaniscy,
Sherman, Spra^ne, Sumner, Ton Eyck. Trumbull, van
Winkle, Wade, Wilkin&on, Willcy, and Wil-011 --'M
NAYS—Messrs. Caiiiie, Hendricks, PowfH, and &auls-
buiv—4 _ . _ ,
AfiSUNT — Messts. Coilamer, Cowan, Davis, FoMei,
Gnines, Hale, fLmhng. Hemic,-on, Il.cio, Mctfnugali,
Rich-dtdr-oa, lliddle, and Wight—13.
So the bill wa& passea.
BRIDGE OVER REPUBLICAN RIVER. .
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, it wa3
Ordered, That the Committee oa Military Affairs and the
Militia be discharged from the further eonsideratfonpC
resolution of the Legislature of Kansas in favor of the con-
struction of a bridge over the Republican river on the Gov-
ernment reservation at Port Riley, and that It be recom-
mitted to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
Mr. WADE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the House (No. 495) to amend the
charter of the Washington and Georgetown Rail-
road Company, submitted tiie following report:
The committee of eonfeionce on the disagreeing votes
of tlwj two Houses on the bill ot' the House (No. 493) to
amend the charter of the Washington and Georgetown
Railroad Company, having met, after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend and dn reeonimend to
their respective Houses as follows, namely:
That the House ot Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the first amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same. , . .
That the House of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to &o much of the second amendment of the
Senate as proposes to strike nut the fifth section of the
bill, and agree to so much of the said amendment.
That the Senate recede from so much of their said amend-
ment as proposes to strike out the sixth section ot the bill.
v V B. F. WADE,
W. T. WILLEY,
Managers on the patt oj the Senate.
\1. PRICE,
E. B. WASHMTRNT3,
Managers on the fait of the House.
Mr. WADE. 1 can inform the Senate in a
moment of all there is in it. The££ouse of Rep-
resentatives passed a bill requiring the cars to run
on Sunday the same as on other days. The Sen-
ate struck ilout. The House agree to the amend-
ment of the Senate on that subject. Then there
was an amendment to the effect that no person
should be excluded from riding in the cars on
account of color. That is retained, the House
agreeing to the Senate amendment. Then there
was a section of the hill providing that the loca-
tion of the railroad through the Capitol grounds
might be changed running to certain points that
it would take some time to explain to the Senate.
Believing that it was not necessary, at this tune
at all events, to change the location of the road or
indeed until the grounds were laid off, so that
we may know really where it ought to be, we
struck that section out, and the House of Repre-
sentatives agree to thatamendment. Then there
was a further proposition in regard to running
the cars, that tickets should be sold at four cents
a ticket where a dollar's worth was purchased.
The Senate struck that out, but the Senate recede
from that amendment, and that section stands as
part of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does that leave the
cars run on the Sabbath day ?
Mr. WADF,. It leaves them just as it finds
them. They may run for all we know, There
is no law against it that I know of, and it does
not compel them to run on the Sabbath. We
make no enactment on the subject-.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report of the commit-
tee of conference. .
The yeas and nays were oidered; and being
taken, resulted—yeaa 26> nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blown, Chandler, Clailc, Conncss, I>ix-
prag'...,
VViHuv, and Wilson—S6. .
NAYS —Messrs. Buckalew, Carhle, Davis, Hendricks,
Hicks, Lane of Indiana, NesinUh, Powell, Richaid&on,
Saul-bury, and Van Winkle—11. , „
ABrfENT—Messrs. Anthony, Collamer, Cowan, DooJU-
tle, Fessenden, Harding, llendei&on, Ilowaid, McDougaii,
Kiddle, Sheiman, and Wright—13.
So the report was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air.McPherson,its Cieik, announced that the
Sneaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint reso-
