3266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
lotions, which thereupon received the signature
of.the President ;wo tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 55) in relation to the circuit court
in and for the districtof Wisconsin,and for other
purposesj
A biil (8. No. 187) to carry into effect the treaty
heiween the United States and her Britannic Ma-
jesty for the final settlement of the claims of the
Huuson's Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural
Companies;
A bill (H. R. No. 450) to provide for the re-
pair and preservation of certain public works of
the United States;
A bill (H. R. No, 512) to repeal the fugitive
slave act of 1850, and all acts and parts of acts
for the rendition of fugitive slaves;
A bill (H. R. No. 519) repealing certain pro-
visionsof law concerning seamen on board public
and private vessels of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 551) to incorporate the Colored
Catholic Benevolent Society;
A bill (H. R. No. 554) to provide for the im-
provement of the grounds of the Government
hospital for the insane by an exchange of land;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 109) correcting
a clerical error in the award of the emancipation
commissioners; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) to declare
the construction of a joint resolution for the re-
lief of W. B. Matchett, approved June 20, 1864-
INTKXINAL ItKVENUE BILL.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the tax bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
Mr. PESSENDEN. i should like to have the
question token now.
The PRESIDEN.Tpro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the bill has gone from the posses-
sion of th« Senate, and therefore the motion can-
not be received.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the report has been
^incurred in by (lie other House. I should like
'■> have the Senator state his reasons, and act on
if now. It is too late in the session to reconsider
tor light reasons.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not desire it to be
understood that it is for light reasons at all. While
the chairman was present I asked to make a mo-
tion that the report be printed. It is the most im-
portant legislative measure of this session; it is to
affect the people that I represent very much to
(heir injuiy in my judgment. ! thought it was
•ml a reasonable thing that 1 should be allowed to
make a motion to print, but 1 was answered that
the bill which has just now passed was then lie-
fore the Senate, and that motion could not be made.
I gave the subject no furtherattention, but in four
or five minutes some gentleman came to me and
told me the tax bill had passed, much to my as-
tonishment, for I had some suggestions to make
against the report of the committee. These are
the circumstances under which I feel it to be my
duty to make a motion to reconsider.
Tin: PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
cannot be entertained without a previous order of
the Senate to send for the papers.
Mr. HfcNDRlCKS. A motion to reconsider,
I suppose, is always in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will cause the rule to be read. It cannot be en-
tertained after the papers have gone.
The Secretary read the 20th rule, as follows;
"20. When a question ha<? been once made and carried in
the affirmative or negative it shall be in order tor any mem-
ber of tin* majoilty to move lor the n-con.-ulerauon thereof;
but no motion for the ^consideration of any vote shall In;
In order atlei u bill, resolution, message, repoit, amend
ment, or motion upon which the vote was taken, sJiall have
gone out of the po<se*sion of the Senate announcing their
decision; nor shall any motion for reconsideration be m
order unless made on the same day on which the vote was
taken, or within the two next days ot actual session of the
Senate theieatter."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where is the report of
the commit tee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It has been
sent to the House of Representatives, and con-
cut red in 'hep.' it* t!u Chair is nifomied.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When will the papers be
here so that I can make the motion which I have
a right to make as a Senator?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They will not
be here again. They go to be enrolled.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does the report to the
Senate never come back to the body in the course
of business?
The PRESIDENT pro fejjipore. H may in some
instances, but not in a case of this kind. It is
the final action of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i suppose the Senator
can move that a message be sent to the House
requesting the return of the papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will see on Monday
about what I shall do.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 438) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri liver
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1,18G2, was lead
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
SALE OF RESERVED LANDS.
Mr. HOWE. The other day I presented a bill
at the request of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, which it is very important should
pass at this session. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands and the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Hendricks,] who is also on that
committee, have seen it; and the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands in the House of Rep-
resentatives has seen it and has agreed to get it
passed there at once if we pass it. I move to take
it up. It is a bill in reference to the sale of pub-
lic reserves.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
315) in relation to the sale of reservations of the
public land was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that whenever any res-
ervation of public land shall he brought into maiket
under existing laws the Commissioner of the
General Land Office may fix a minimum price,
not less than $1 25 an acie^bolow which the land
shall not be disposed ot".
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
OBSTRUCTIONS TO •WASHINGTON STREETS.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Whereas obstruction* on the; streets and reservations of
Washington by hmhhng-t or other constructions were de-
clared by tint Government atithoiities in 1801) to be viola-
tions ot law because not autlionzed by the charter ol the
eity; and wlulvua saiil ob-tiuetions} have not been ie-
moved, but otheiv are added winch mur the appearance of
the city, interrupt light and ventilation, and add to the
nuisances already existing at the canal. Therefore,
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be instructed to inquue and report whether any
provisions of law additional to that approved June 12,185£,
he neee.^niy to enloree the removal ot said ohstiuettons by
the Commissioner of Public Huildiugs and Giounds, &,ud
law making u hi* duly to eau*e obstructions of every kind
to be removed from t-tieee*, avenues, and sidewalks in the
eity of Washington as have been or may be hereafter itn-
pioved in whole or in p.ut by the United States, and to
keep the same at all times fiee irmri obstruction ; also >' if
any person bhall place, any obstruction upon the j-treet<,
avenues, or sidewalks afoiesaid, such person shall pay the
co-.tof removing tile same, and shall moreovei be subject
to a penally of ten dollats, to be recovered a*, other debts
ate lecovered in the Di-anet of Columbia, for each and
eveiy day the said obstruction may remain after the Com-
missioner shall have given notice "lor Us letuoval."
FEES OP DISTRICT .JUDICIAL OFFICERS.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to consider tho amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 296)
in relation to the fees and emoluments of the mar-
shal, attorney, and clerk of the supreme court
of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose wc might as
well concur in the amendments, though I should
piefer that the amendments had not been made.
The principal amendment limits the aggregate
fees of the clerk of the supreme, circuit, and
euminal courts in this District at §4,000, instead
of ^G,000 os we passed the In!!. U is a very la-
borious office, and 1 would have left it the same
as the other offices; but the House of Represent-
atives has limited it to $4,000. * The general law
limits the fees of all marshals,disirietattorneys,
and clerks throughout the United Stales to $6,000,
including the clerk in this District. The House
of Repiesentatives amends this bill by limiting
I the cletk in this District to §4,000 a year, and
I also by putting in a proviso that the distiict at-
torney shall be allowed two percent, m revenue
cases in addition to the $G,000. 1 think $G,000 is
enough, but I shall not make the point if the
Senate think proper to concur.
The amendments were concurred in.
DIRECT TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
! Mr. HARRIS. I move that the bill (S. No.
1 171) further to amend an act entitled "An act for
j the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts within the United States," nppioved
June 7, 18G2, be taken up for consideration, with
a view of leaving it as unfinished business for
Monday. I am informed by officers of the Treas-
ury Department that in their opinion this bill will
affect the revenues of the Government several
hundred thousand dollars. The bill must go to
the other House to be passed there; 1 have been
endeavoring for a fortnight to get it up here, but
have failed altogether. I wish to have it taken
up now so that it may be left as the unfinished
business to come up on Monday. I think it will
not occupy over fifteen minutes.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 25, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, rn. Prayer
by Rev. James Freeman Clarke, of Boston.
On motion of Mr. STEELE, of New York,
the reading of the Journal of yesterday was dis-
pensed with.
UNITED STATES PROPERTY.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee for the Distiict of
Columbia, reported a joint resolution authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to reclaim and
preserve certain property of the United States;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; arid being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider tho vote by which the joint resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. BROOKS. I lise to a pi ivileged question,
to call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the House ordered the Pacific railroad bill
to be engrossed and read a third time, and with-
draw that motion.
The bill being engrossed, it was read the third
time.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
The House divided on ordering the main ques-
tion; and there were—ayes 39, noes 11; no quo-
rum voting.
Mr. DAWSON moved that there bo a call of
the House.
The SPEAKER stated that, having counted the
House, and no quorum being piesent, the mo-
tion was in older.
The mouon was agreed to.
The Cleik proceeded to call the roll, and the
following members failed to answer to their names:
Messis. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Anderson,
Arnold, AMiley, Baxter, Brandegec, Bioomall, Ambrose
W. Clark,Freeman Chuke,Clay,Cobb,Cox,Cravens, Hen-
ry Wmtei Davis, DiiggsDumont, Eekley, Kldndge, Fanis-
wouh, Finek, Fiank, Gooeh, (irnuieli, iiall, ii.mmgton,
Chades M. U.inis, Honick, Uohnan, Ilutehins, ingejfOll,
William Johnson, Julian, Kns.von. Kelley, Fiance W. Kel-
loyy, Kins, Law, Loiisj, McAllister, Melndoe, Mtddietojij
traijiut I F.-Miller, William I-I. Miller, Daniel Mori i-. James
K. Muni.-, Leomtid Myers, Nelson, Not ton, Pet - v. Saii.uei
J. Randall, William Ii. Randall, Alexandei II. liiee, Ed-
ward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Scott, Smith, Spalding,
