26.8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
offender has a life estate. If he has a life estate
merely, he forfeits that; if he owns the fee simple,
he forfeits the fee; if he owns goods and chattels,
he forfeits his goods and chattels. We thus in-
flict a necessary and just punishment to the of-
fender, and take security that his property will
not by some indirection be used in behalf of the
rebellion.
Mr. SWEAT obtained the floor.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. The morning hour having
expired, I move that the rules be suspended, and
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being bill of the House No. 122, to
increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses.
TheCHAIRMAN stated thatat the lastsession
of the committee the bill was read over, and amend-
ments were offered by the Committee of Ways
and Means, with the understanding that itshould
again be read over for general amendments.
The Clerk read the first section of the bill.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend the section by striking out " sixty cents"
in the tenth line, and inserting "one dollar;" so
that it will read:
That fiom and after the passage of this act, in lieu of the
fluty provided for m section forty-onu of an act entitled
"An act to support the Government, and to pay interest on
the public tfebt," approved July 1,18(52, and in addition to
duties payable for licenses, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid on all spiuts that may he distilled and sold, or re-
moved lor consumption and sale, ot firht proof, the duty of
one dollar on each and every gallon.
Mr. Chairman, 1 offer this amendment because
it seems to me to be due to those who are engaged
in the manufacture of the article under consider-
ation that the tax upon it should be permanent,
and that they should not be subjected to this ca-
pricious legislation. I suppose the Committee of
Ways and Means contemplate gradually carrying
this tax up to a dollar on the gallon, and that be-
ing the ease, which 1 assume, I insist I hut it ought
to be placed there at oncc,and become permanent
at that point, or at some point, so that those who
engage in the manufacture of t^is article may un-
derstand the liability to which they are exposed
in its manufacture. I take it that one of the very
worst things for any interest is this capricious and
ever-varying; legislation. We have already im-
posed a tax of twenty cents a gallon. We now
propose to put it at sixty cents, and by and by it
will be nut up to eighty cents, and then to one dol-
lar; ana all this inures, not to the benefit of the
Government nor to the benefit of the manufac-
turer, but to the benefit of those who buy up the
article, keep it on hand, and then agitate for an
advance in the tar1:.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I call your attention and
that of the House, as we are all familiar with
Scripture, or ou<>ht to be, and hence I will assume
the fact, to the case of a certain individual who in
ancient times lured his son-m-Iaw, and kept con-
stantly changing his wages, changing them, I be-
lli ve, some kuuteen times. At fust the young
man was to have the increase of the flocks marked
so and so; but as soon as his fath< r-in-law found
that he was growing lich undei oneairangoment,
he immediately changed it and made another.
What is wanted, above all things, is that legisla-
tion shall be permanent, and not fickle and ever-
changing. I therefore insist that we should now
place the tax on distilled Jiquois at some point
where it will remain permanently, and not be
changeable at the will and capuce of those men
who buy up this article in large quantities after it
has passed from the hands of the distiller, and
then commence agitating for an advance in the tax.
It was first twenty cents; it is now proposed to he
made sixty cents; by and by it will be carried up
to eighty cents, and then it will go to a dollar. It
should be fixed so that (hose who invest their capi-
tal in the manufacUuc ot this niticie may know
how to govern themselves. You will recollect
that that old curmudgeon-like father-in-law of Ja-
cob changed his wages fourteen times.
A Member. And vet Jacob grew lich.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Yes; he grew rich because
the Lord prospered him. I piopose that the tux |
shall be made jctst and permanent. I am told by
those who are well informed on this subject that
the class of persons who are to be affected by this
law have marched up to the payment of their rev-
enue taxes liberally and patriotically, and have
not attempted to dodge or evade the provisions of
the law; and! insist that they shall be dealt with
justly and honorably, I understand that they do
not care at what point you fix it, so only that you
make it permanent. It is the fickle and ever-chang-
ing legislation that works harshly to them. I ask
therefore that, as the Committee of Ways and
Cleans intend ultimately to carry up this tax to a
dollar, it be now placed at that sum. Then the
law will be permanent, and there will be no en-
couragement to speculation, no buying up of this
article and then agitating for an increase of the
tax, not that it may accrue to the benefit of the
country or of the Government, but to the benefit
of speculators.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Chairman,the
gentleman from Illinois proposes to increase the tax
on distilled spirits from sixty cents to one dollar
per gallon; and he has advanced, as an argument
or reason in favor of his proposition, that this tax
should be permanent. Sir, 1 had supposed that the
necessity for the excise law grew out of the war,
and that the war was but temporary. I had not
been prepared for an argument of that character,
which presumes that the war is to be a permanent
one; for I assume that when the necessity for
these large expenditures of public money shall
cease, by the restoration of peace and harmony
in this country, then the excise law will be re-
pealed, and the ordinary revenue of the Govern-
ment from imparts will be considered sufficient
to defray the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment. But, sir,it appears that we are now to legis-
late for all futuie time based on the supposition
that this war is to have no end. I am veiy free
to say, Mr. Chaiiman, that I think that if ccrtain
measures of legislation before the two Houses of
Congress are carried out, and if the policy of this
national Administration is carried out, gentlemen
might as well commence to legislate ior a very
long war; because if the rebel government itself
had control of the action of the Federal Admin-
istration it could not, m my judgment, better aid
its own cause than we are doing.
The gentleman from Illinois tells us that we want
permanency in legislation. Well, sir, it is the
calamity of this country, and always has been, that
our legislation and whole character have been
unstable. Commerce requires stability. It is
necessary that the merchant shall understand
what is to be the action of the Government with
reference to the commodity in which he deals. It
is the mutation, thecontmual changes, the fickle-
ness in public and private affairs in this country,
as contiasted by European Governments and
European commercial regulations which, in my
judgment, has retarded a progress that has al-
ready been astounding. The gentleman fronftllli-
noissays he wants to have a tax of a dollar per gal-
lon placed on whisky; the only argument being
that itshould be permanent. Sir, does any gentle-
man conceive that the act ion of the last Congress or
of this Congress is to be permanent? Does the
gentleman suppose that tin* confiscation bill, the
emancipation policy, and all of these odious and
unconstitutional acts die to be permanent m this
country ?
No, si!\ it is paying as poor a compliment to
their patiiotism as it is to their intelligence to sup-
pose that these laws, or these policies,or this Ad-
ministration is to be permanent in its character.
Sir, I am opposed to the proposition to increase
this tax to one dollar. I am opposed to it for two
reasons: in the first place because it creates an
unnecessary burden upon that poition of spirits
which is used in the vatious ai tides of manufac-
ture* and again, it increases improperly, in my
judgment, the burden upon that portion of spirits
which is to be used for drinking consumption.
• Sir, the laboring poition of the community in
this country must have its bevciage. It is as
much entitled to have its beverage as the aristo-
cratic portion of the community is entitled to have
its bevciagc. If one consumes the finer wines of
Europe, the other consumes the domestic manu-
factures of the country. I will not stop here to
say which contiibutes most to the patriotism or i
to meet the necessities of the country.
Now, sir, whisky, as a beverage, is consumed
by the poorer class of the people, by the laboring
men, who cannot afford to indulge in the more
expensive wines and brandies. And,.sir, in these
times, when all articles of necessity are-so dear, I
cannot see the wisdom or propriety of stepping
in here and placing so extraordinary a burden
upon what has become an article of prime ne-
cessity to the laboring classes of the country.
Therefore, in my judgment, the Committee of
Ways and Means have gone to the extreme hmit,
nay, they have gone to an extraordinary limit,
in this matter; a limit which, according to the
estimated production of whisky for 1864, will
produce an income of g36,000,000. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Lovejoy] proposes to in-
crease the rate of tax to an extent that, upon the
estimated production, would give a revenue of
$54,000,000.
Now, sir, in my judgment that is an undue
proportion of the revenue to be raised from excise
taxes to be imposed upon one single article, and.
that an article of necessity upon the part of the
laboring classes of the country; and so regarding
the tax which it is now proposed to be laid upon
the article of spirits, 1 shall feel it to be my duty
t^vote against the proposition of the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mi. GR.INNELL. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, by in-
creasing the tax to $1 20 per gallon.
The proposition which I now submit increases
the tax twenty cents a gallon beyond the rate pro-
posed by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Love-
joy.] Now, sir, I am sincere in this amendment.
1 think it ought to prevail, and I vtfill not say that
I think it ought to prevail upon the ground alone
that we are to require a heavy tax for the purpose
ofcairying on this war; not at all. I have noth-
ing to say to propitiate tlie whisky iutei est of this
country, or the drinking interest of this country.
I believe we owe it to ourselves to increase laigely
the tax upon this article which is vicious in its
tendencies, v nd which is unnecessary. If, as sug-
gested by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, men will have it, let them pay for it.
1 am willing that my party, if I have a party
which is in the habit of drinking whisky, shall
pay a tax of three or five dollars a gallon for it, if
they will drink it as a beverage.
I can conceive very leadily how natural it is
for the gentleman over the way [Mr. Fernando
Wood] to oppose this high tax upon whisky. It
may be true, as was asserted by an eminent
subterranean Democrat of the city of New Yoik,
whose name I cannot recall, it was so many years
ago, thatthesecornergroceries are the indispensa-
ble nurseries of Democracy. [Laughter.] 1 do not
stand here to dispute that assertion. I believe
that the corner groceries of our cities are nurseries
of Dcmociacy; they are,at any rate, nurseries of
aceitain kind of Demociacy, and I would like to
see them swept from the face of the earth.
Then,sir, will the raising of this tax reduce the
consumption of whisky in the country? I believe
it will reduce, that consumption; I believe if you
will levy a hi£h tax upon whisky there will be a
less consumption upon the part of the thousands
and millions of the people of the country than is
consumed now. This belief will govern my vote
upon this article, m respect to the taxes we are
to levy upon it, and apply to other articles which
cannot be classed among those of absolute neces-
sity. The consumption will be less m proportion
as the tax is greater, because men cannot spare
the money to purchase if the cost is high. The
: laboring people, who the ge^leman from New
1 Yoik says drink whisky,do it because they can-
notproeurc the money to purchase brandy. They
have not the money to buy brandy, and therefore
they do not consume brandy, but poisonous
whisky. And thus, if the cost of whisky is m-
cteased the consumption will be less.
The gentleman says that with a tax of $2 50
per gallon in Great Britain the consumption has
increased. I do not think the tables so speak. I
think those best qualified to speak in Great Britain
I are of the opinion that if the tax- upon alcoholic
| liquors was made less the consumption would be
| greater than it is at the present time.
i There is another reason why I wish to have a
j high tax upon whisky. In the midst of an unpre-
1 cedentedly severe winter we find ourselves need-
i mg ail the giain that can be furnished for the pur-
pose offeedmg our stock and sup plying the Aimy.
