1314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
free the slaves of rebels, ami if the President's proc- !
lamation hud any effect it would only be to free
the slaves of loyal men, for which the laws of the
land did not provide. I will not undertake to say
which of these opinions is correct, nor isit neces-
sary for my purposes to decide. It is enough for
me to show that any and all these laws and proc-
lamations, giving to each the largest effectclaimed
by its friends, are ineffectual to the destruction of
slavery. The laws of Congress if faithfully exe-
cuted would leave remaining the slaves belonging
to loyal masters, which, considering how many
are held by children and females not engaged in
the rebellion, would be no inconsiderable num-
ber, and the President's proclamation excepts
from its provisions all of Delaware, Maryland,
Kentucky, Tennessee, Missouri, and a good por-
tion of Louisiana and Vitginia—almost half the
slave States.
If then we are to get rid of the institution, we
must have some more efficient way of doing it
than by the proclamations thai have been issued
or the acts of Congress which have been passed.
Some, howtver, say that we may pass an act
of Congress to abolish slavery altogether, and
petitions are sent to Congress asking it to pass
such a law. I am as anxious to get rid of slavery
as any person; but has Congress nuthoiity to
pass a letw abolishing slavery everywhere, free-
ing the slavesof the loyal, the slaves of the friends
of the Government as well as the slaves of the
disloyal and of the enemies of the Government?
Why, sir, it has been an admitted axiom from
the foundation of this Government, among all
parties, that Congress had no authority to inter-
fere with slavery m the States where it existed.
But it is said tins was in a time of peace,and we
are now at war, and Congress has authority to
carry on uar, and in ennymgon war we may
five the sS?ur.s. Why so? Because it is neces-
sary; for no oiln r reason. If we fan do it by
act of Congress if must be because u is a necessu y
to the prosecution of live war. We have authority
to put down the enemies of tlie country; we have
the light to a lay them in battle; we have authority
to confiscate their properly; but, mat k you, dues
that give any authority to slay the ft lends of the
country, to confiscate the property of the friends
of die country, or to free the slavesof the liiends
of the eountry ?
But it jn said that fre  ing slaves would aid us
in raising troope; that slavey ate unwilling to vol-
unteer and enh r the public ••■ervuv unless oilier
slaves are made fiv, unci that we could rnme
troops better, sootn r, and have a mure ejlieunt
army if elavei y were declared ahoh died. Sup-
pose that \\ ( re ro, is it a neei ssity ? ('an w e not
raise an army wuhout doing this ? I la;, not the
Congress of the United S'aies unlimited author-
ity to pin vide for the taiMng of .a niiea by drat't,
by force to put any and cm ry man capable of
bearing arms into iis seivicer Have we not al-
ready passed a law compelling nam to enter the
sei vice of the Govei nment m its defense and for
the puitingdovcn this reht llion? Then there is no
necessity to fie the slaves in order to wuse an
army.
But itis uconvenience, peihapssome will say.
Sir, it is not because a measure would be con-
venient that Congress has authority 'o adopt it.
The nl'-asuu- must be impropriate ami nc-di'ul to
carry mto cifect aomt granted power, or we bave
no authority to ad <pt it. I can imagine a thoo-
f>;tnd thim-s that wou]d aid u? to saixe troops
wliu'h no one would contend Congress had au-
thoiky to do. We now find that it is costing us
rilarg-sura of money to cany on this war. Them
are apoj ehwi"ions in some (puu tf'is that the finan-
ces of dm conntiy will not be sulfa ient to prose-
cute if. !■> the cud. A. measure that would enable
us to <\t't y on die wai ;:heap *r would ceitainlybe
one in aid of this war pow«r. 1 n coh.-i quence of
th-* jiro.-spe'iiy which prevails ui die country,
W '£V", a: ('lis lime are very high. Men aro un-
wiliMir to (nU.f without large bounties and i uge
pay, is# f *: • v -'•* hi:-,!' ^vages at home. Sup-
pose wt introduec a ',ult tear no ni->n shall be
ppid in nru' ma> ufhcti r'nir e^Tihnshment, at a.,y
meeban o art, o;- {or he* daily L.nor, more timn
t,jji < > i> * <{ :o <! v.'e v s;t v.'i-ii , emiities and
e-,V 1-Mli V.! 0 <d,'pl 10 bis em-
ph ye a.o'e .\<n Mi •, .vm:; <.e> ym not think
that w >t ('i h"s-i euf an additional induct nRnt to
volunteer3 But wh^ wouh! contend that Con-
gress had any such authority ? Manifestly it has
not. Nor can I find the constitutional authority
to abolish slavery everywhere by actof Congress
as a necessity to prosecuting the war.
Then, sir, in my judgment, the only effectual
way of ridding the country of slavery, and so that
it cannot be resuscitated, is by an amendment of
the Constitution forever prohibiting it within the
jurisdiction of the United States. This amendment
adopted, not only does slavery cease, but it can
never be reestablished by State authority, or in
any other way than by again amending the Con-
stitution. Whereas, if slavery should now be
abolished by act of Congress or proclamation of
the President, assuming that eilhei has the power
to do it, there is nothing in the ^ Constitution to
prevent any State from r< establishing it. This
change of the Constitution will also relieve us of
all difficulty in the restoration to the Union ot the
rebel States when our brave soldiers shall have
reduced them to obedience to the laws.
To secure its passage icquires, in the first in-
stance, a vote of two thirds in Us fa^r m each
branch of Congress, and its ratification subse-
qiK ntly by three fourths of the States of the
Union. Can these majoiities be obtained? It is
very geutnally conceded, I believe, by men of
all political parties, that slavery is gone; tlnU the
value of slavery is destroyed by the rebellion.
What objection, then, can there be on the part
of any one, in the present state of public feeling
in the country, to giving the people an oppor-
tunity to pass upon this question ? I would
appeal to Senators upon the opposite side of the
Chamber, and ask them—for I expect some of
them to support this measure, and I trust all of
them will—what objection they have to submit-
ting this question to the people and letting them
P«a.s upon it? Do any of you deny*that slavery
lies at the bottom of this lebeliiou? Do yuii be-
lieve that we should have had this terrible war
Constitution in the mode prescribed by trie in-
strument itself. If, then, they shall oj>n-\se an
amendment for the abolition ofslaverv, it ill not
be because to abolish u in that form is un?o„sti-
national, but because it is not right, or, u right,
not expedient.
I think, the'n, it is reasonable to suppose tuat
if this proposed amendment passes Congress, it
will within a year receivc the ratification of the
requisite number of States to make it a part of
the Constitution. That accomplished, and we are
forever freed of this troublesome question. We
accomplish then what the statesmen of this coun-
try have been struggling to accomplish for years.
We take this question entirely away from the
polities of the country. We relieve Congress of
sectional sti ift s, and, what is better than ah, we
restore toaw hole race that freedom which is theirs
by the giftof God, but which we for generations
have wickedly denied them.
i know that the passage of this measure will
not end this rebellion. fdo not claim that for it.
There is butone way to do that; and that is by the
power of-our btave soldiers. We can never have
the Union restored, the authority of the Consti-
tution recognized, and its laws obeyed and re-
spected, until our armies shall overcome and van-
quish the rebel armies. We must look to our
soldiers, to our patriotic Army, to put down the
rebellion. But, sir, when they shall have accom-
plished that, this measure will secure to us future
peace. That is what I claim tor it. 1 trust that
within a year, in less time than it will take to
make this constitutional amendment effective, our
armies will have put to flight the rebel armies. I
think it ought long ago to have been done; and I
think but for the indecision, the irresolution, the
want of plan, and the scattering of our forces, it
would have been done long ago. Hundreds of
millions of treasuie and a hundied thousand hvrs
would have been saved had the power ot this Re-
upon us had then- been no ;
1 repeal, then, w by not alfoid an opportunity to
die people to pass upon this amendment? i trust
I do not assume too mueh win n J assume that it
will i eceive the nquisile vote of two thirds of
each branch of Congress.
1 laving obtained that, tin-question then arises,
]> it, ptobablo ?hat it can have tin- ratification of
tint e fourths of the States' We have now ihirty-
iU'e Siatt and bills have pascal both hianehes
of" (ess and been jppioved by the President
for the eieanon of two more, Colorado and Ne-
vada, which will make thirty-se\en. When
ihese Slater are admitted if u ill require tin* con-
cuu'iii'; vol,- of twenty-eight Stales m otder to
adopt tins amendment.
I! iN< biaska should bo admitted, fbi the admis-
sion o( whnh ti bill i* now pending, that would
make the number of States durty-eiyht, and the
votes of tuenty-nme States would then be leqni-
fateio adopt the amendment. Hut the admission
ot' Nebraska would not piobably alfect the result,
as, if admitted, she would most probably vote foi
the amendment.
Of the that'/-seven Statt s, twenty-one arrt Ihe
States, meimbng Colorado and iN'evadn, and I as-
sume that all those wmid vote for !his con-
! s*!f udonal aim ndment. There are, then, the Stan s
! of Ma t y land, W< st VjvjrmM, M issouri, A rkansas,
i Tonne :.>ee, and Louisiana, all ot which have taken
j ini'iatoi y -tees for the abohoon of slavery within
! tin u- bmdiMs; and i think we might confidently
' conn! that they would unite with the free States to
i pass til's amendment. Those 'dx added to the
| twenty-one free States would make twenty-seven.
I Then theie is the Stateof Di laware, with hardly
i slaves enough in it to eomu, which would be b ft
t standing alone with free Siates all aiouud her.
I Although she has not yet, so far es 1 am aware,
! inken any legislative «n pj for the pholjuen of
ji sl \< ry, though the question is agitated among
il her people, 1 e.e.nnot think she wou'd stand tOone
m such a locality, r< sistiny; a constitutional amend-
ment which would foiever give us peacc on this
question.
I have assumed that all the free States wil!
adopt the amendment. It is eow very generally
eomeded tuat slavery is not a divine uisttOinon.
Ihe few hi the northern or fiee Suei* who et-
tt mot to uphold it do so on eons1 itunohai onnds,
denying the audiority ot the C<wvere.na /it ,o iii-
terfere with it; but none of those peisonxwUmy ' r
can deny the power of the people to amend the
avery in the land? |j public been concentrated under one mind and
hurled m masses upon the mam rebel armies.
This is what our patriotic soldiers have wauled,
and what 1 trust is now soon'to be done.
Out instead of looking back and mourning over
the enors of the past, let us remember them only
for the !< ssons they teach for the future. Porgei-
tmo thi things which arc past,let us press forward
II to die acompSishment of what is before. We
|1 have at last placed attheheadof our annus a man
>1 in whoin the country has confidence, a man who
j! has won victories v\ herever he has been, and \
'! trust that his mind is to be permuted uniuterfered
|j with to unite our forces, never before so formi-
,! dabie us to-day, in one oi two grand armies and
hull them upon the rebel force. Let him put to
llight the mam rebel army which has thicatened
the capital for the lust time years, and the .small
tvhd aimiis will quickly succumb. I look tor
that result during theeonuug campaign, and with
that lesult, if v,e civilians do our duty, we shall
have the authoi Hy of the Constitution v mdn ated,
constitutional liberty lecstahiisln d, the Union re-
stored, and tre< (iom everywhere proclaimed.
Mr. SIS KRMA N. Mr. Piesident, I shall sup-
pott this pro post d a me ml inent to t h<* C> nstttution,
Init I have already said all (hut, ! mt< nd to say on
that subject. My purpose now is to reply to a
most remarkable speech made the other clay by
the Senator from Minnesota [M r. Wilkinson]
while I wits necessaiily absent from the Senate
Chamber. I could not get access to this sptech
mm! it was published m the Globe on Friday last.
I am told that it was a written speech, piepar*d,
conned over, deliberated on, and pronounct d here
in my absence. I shall be able to show that it
was not ijiade Cor the puino.se of illustrating the
psoposition before the Senate. The motive of the
St nator I can scarcely conceive, but wi!i allow
Senatms to form their own conception when 1 call
their a*t< tuioo to it.
H was not ah attack upon a political adversary
or to convince a political fuend. It vv:is made
upon a proposition that 1 had already spnken m
favor of, and had said 1 intended to vote for, upon
which he and 1 did not differ; but still if was a ft
attack, personal in its nature, not only intended
for mv.-eif, but for several other amideme 1 with
whom I am proud to act, and by wbo*e ns-oeia-
the> 1 mil honored. Sir, this ..pi—eh sev-
eral sta'etnents that are i\Ls—i do not wjih to
use unkind language, because since I have been a
member of a legislative body 1 have never will-
