1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
ingly violated the rules of the body, and have
ni*or said an unkmd word but in self-defense—
but this speech contains several statements that
are not true; that are grossly false; and neither
courtly nor truth requires me to let them go in
silence.
The Senator commences his personal allusions
to me by a statement utterlyunfoundcd. Ilesays:
<c The honoiaule Senator from Ohio, who is not to-day
in In- *eat. [Mr. Sherman.] seemed in life course hereto-
foie to be thoiouehly imbued with the idoa that under the
Constitution tlie humanity of the slave is entirely ignored,
and that he can only bo regarded or even spoken of as prop-
erty, in the ^ense in which we speak of aiiofse or a mule
as propeity."
I say that statement attributed to me is totally
false. I never entertained such a sentiment. 1
never uttered such a doctrine. Long before that
Senator took Ins seat in Congress I had occasion
frequently in the other House to express my opin-
ions on this subject, and they are now upon rec-
ord. I have always tsaid, and so insist now, that
the Constitution recognizes slaves as persons, and
so they are spoken of in several clauses of the Con-
stitution. It is true that by the local law of sev-
eral States, individuals may have property in their
services just as I may have property in the ser-
vices of a white man; and that debt or service by
the local law of these States is regarded as prop-
erty. it is bought and sold; it is deeded, devised,
and transferred, in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States that relation is recognized as existing
in several of the States, but in the Constitution
they are spoken of as peisons owing service and
labor. I say this statement attributed to me there-
fore is false, and would convey an impression to-
tally unjust and unfounded.
But let nie read another passage to show the
animus of this speech. The Senator says:
"ft ut when I listened to the speech of the honorable Pen
•ami l could but think. what piogroi-s. had been made in the
publ'C sentiment of the country within the ia-t two yeais.
,\liii'>Ht si>huitan«'on-iy with tlie del.very of lin- speech in
the Senate tin- Xew York Herald came to us eonramui" a
leadm!* editorial advocating the entire abolition oi loveiy
t.iioij^hout the Piattd State";, and thai by coiwuuho'ia"!
anemjinent. We cannot be told heicai'ier thai the world
does not move."
The Senator, in the absence of one of his own
political associates,arraigns him before the Sen.m?
of the United States, classifies him with the New
Yoik Herald, andjaftercommcndingcertnjn por-
tions of his speech, he whistles him down the
wind by sneeringly saying the world has made
great progress, that he and the New York Herald
have suddenly changed their opinions, and sneers
or f!ie molUes of both, lb this the proper mode
of discussion in the United States Senfe? This
is only on'' of a doz'-n extracts which I might
read from th;s speech !o show the diameter of it.
But let us look to the main purpose of his
speech. lie mter.ds to reply to a'speteh I made
on the 2d of February. What wen. my si-
tions? 1 sought to prove tint we wire ji-htifr-d
by the Constitution i>nd the law-: and practices
of nations in eneitiitand modem t.rnes m employ-
ing slaves in our military s'.i vie'"-; that as a ne-
ees.sary i.yident to tin- tmpl^yim. nt of slaves as
soidiets, followed their emancipation ami that of
their families, and that it was the duty of Con-
gress as the legislative branch of the Government
authorized to raise armies to secure this emanci-
pation by ail act of unquestioned authority; and
in this connection, and m this connection only,
I expressed my doubts of the power of the Presi-
dent U) secure this result, and that bus efforts in
that dir"ofion .should be sanctioned by Congress
and by an amendment of the Oo.^nuuum. ''Did
1,h< .Senator take issue with me? Did hccuntio-
vert my position.-:? Did hcapply his mind to the
buSihess beioio him? IS of at all. }±t approves
what \ said. He indorses it. He doubtiugly
says 1 "made what some would call a rad.eal
speech*55 and then assails mo for inconsistency.
He proceeds to quote at length what 1 said in
legaid to the Piesident'jfproclamation. Does he [
take issue Vvith it? He doubts; to use ins exact j
languages tk I doubt vmy much whether this se- i
veto criticism ia desci /ed." What did I say of I
the President ? Did 1 airaign him m tise usual j
style of the Senator? Did I follov. the example !
so often set by that Senator, rot only as to his !
ft How SenatOiS but as lo the President himst-;f, j
of assuuui'g phnnsaiccd radicalism and iiuiciin^4 j
off other men as less radical and iheiabre less j
pure than lie? He relieves me from tins} imputa- >
tion by saying that I was " courteous in language,
it is true, and mild in the expression.5*
What is the substance of the extract he read?
Why, thaf I doubted the constitutional power of
the_ President to emancipate slaves beyond his
military lines; that a mere proclamation liable at
any time to he modified, changed, or revoked,
was not a sufficient guarantee to secure to slaves
that which we promise them—emancipation.
And 1 urged Congress to do its part promptly,
to give to that proclamation their legal sanction,
and to extend it by an amendment of the Consti-
tution so as to make emancipation universal.
In this the Senator does not differ with me, but
he makes a personal issue. He says if this crit-
icism upon the President's proclamation is de-
served 1 had no right to pronounce it; to use his
precise language, am quite clear fri my opin-
ion that if deserved it should not have been pro-
nounced by the honorable Senator from Ohio."
Why not? Is there anything in the position,
abilities, or standing of that Senator that entitles
him to have a monopoly of criticising the public
acts of the President? He says my colleague
might have done it; and he proceeds to classify
the Union Senators into two divisions, the con-
servatives and the radicals. He names them.
He is a radical. He puts himself at the head of
this class, by first extolling how he has " felt
and spoken and voted since this rebellion broke
out;'5 and then he patronizingly confirms and
elects a " few otheis arotnd him on this floor"
who have been steady and consistent chosert fol-
lowers in his radicalism. And he tells us the
other class, <kmoie timid,have been from the be-
ginning rolling constitutional logs in the way of
our armies." It is consistent for the one class to
declaim, denounce, arraign, and abuse the Pres-
ident and all in authority, while the other class
are estopped by their conservatism from even a
manly cijucism of public acts. That 1 do not do
injnsiice to his position, 1 will read an extract
from his speech;
t have Jiu-* iek and spoken and voted ever since this
rebellion broke out. Thete an"- a '< w '.thor* mound me
on tin- lloor who have, fiom the rx'jrnuung. steadily and
eon-Mentiy acted upo:i tie* sum- pnnciplc. 'i fie eloquent
fcSen.ilor uoiii M«issa«-hii.M'U.*. (Mi. ^um.ner,] tne ju-O and
iiiit o'npmuiiM.'p: > 'nam, irom < -Ino who -as :e'ate-1 me,
[Mr. W7adf.] ihe honorable member* bom fowa. [M'.----i-.
IJakhn and (rRi.Mr:&,] and I rom Michigan, {Messrs. Chand-
ler arid IIoWaro.j and, on the otiici Mile or the (Jnam-
ber. tin: honoiubie r^enatoi noin M;an<\ [Mi Morriii.,]
and men Kan-a^.pMi. Lanc.J have t.evei, lor one nionient,
l)e.-;:at< d or tailored m tfieii d'.'te nuriat.on'to destioy
verv with tl H rebellion soice a n~i-umed ito pie.-ent pio-
poitioiifc. While othets, inoie famd. have been from the
rolling eonstitution.d m ti;C way ot oui ar-
uiK1",{liete hononiMe rieuatois have been ( If.ujni; the way
lor the lapid and tnumpfiant inaieii of oin ioices.5'
" Upon what moat does this our Cojsar feed,"
that he comes into the Senate of the Unit* d States
| and class;ti. Sen;.t<n s of the same political organ-
j iza'io.i into two distinct parties ? Tie <b vides Seii-
< atoi.*; from the same State, some on one side and
i on the other. He says one class are brave
' and iio'd" men v. ho have always done theirduty,
■ but ihe otheis me timid men, who are throwing
. eonsiuuuonul Ivga in the way of our aimies to
; impede their progiess. Why,  str, such a uiscus-
: s-ion as this i.i unwiuthy of a Senator and of this
! place. Of what ?m ha\a I, and the other Sen-
I ators who agreed With me m the votes to which
; I shall now refer, been guilty? Tise Senator has
had an opportunity to examine my course. He
has taken the pains to do so by a careful, elab-
orate, and long speech, conned over and matured
more than a month after I made the speech-to
which he refers. He has hod before him my po-
litical life for years in the stoimy scenes ot tins
Capitol; and what is myollense? Why have I
not the power and the light to criticise the Pres-
ident as wc !1 as he ?
I eajl attention to the specifications of the in-
dictment made against me particularly, but reaby
against all who acted with me, and who are as-
sailed as well as myself. The first and the mate-
rial point made against me is that I proposed an
amendment to a certain mil that was pending, in-
troduced, I bebeve, by the Senator from IM issa-
ehuseus, [Air. Wilson,] providing for the em-
ployment of slaves m the military service. Thdt
bill provided that whe?e a slave was employed m
the rviee of the Unur-J States, not in f ne mo - tar1/
s"rvie.e merely, but in the service <.<  ilu L*mtid
States for any purpose, he, ins wife, h;s children,
and lus mother should be free, i offered an amend-
ment confining the emancipation of slaves under
that bill to the slaves of rebels; but I also pro-
vided that the slaves of loyal men and rebels alike,
all the slaves in the country, might be employed
in the service of the United States and render any
duty required of them. The Senator takes this
amendment offered by me, strips it from the con-
text, brings this vote into the Senate, and arraigns
me for it. He says:
" This proposition of the honorable Senator was to free
only the Midlers themselves who were the slaves of rebels;
and as to iho slave faoldiers not claimed by rebel masters,
alter they should have served in our armies, we were to
remand them back to slavery i"
Now, this assertion is false.
He says that upon that vote the line was drawn
between the brave and the timid. That is not
his language; but he brings that vote, the yeas
and nays, before the Senate, and how does it
stand? It seems my amendment was adopted.
The yeas wore—
"Meters. Anthony, Browninj,CoiIn!mer,Cowan,Davis,
Doolittie, Fes^enden, Foster, Henderson, llowe, Lane of
Indiana, Powell, Shennan, Simmons, Ten Eyek, Willey,
Wilson ofMibsoim, and Wright."
If I was guilty of any very great wrong I was
in very good company. All those Senators are
liable to the same criticism.
But, sir, in this connection allow me to say the
Senator has quoted a portion of some remarks
that I made for the puroose of conveying an er-
roneous impression. He detached from their con-
text two sentences used by me so as to convey
the exactly opposite meaning of what he must
have known I said; and here it is on the record.
I was astonished when I read it. He quotes this
remark that I made in the course of the debate
on this amendment:
"Mi. Shrrm\>i.  * * * * "Ifmyamend-
ment shall ht-. adopted to the second section the slaves of
hnal pei-ous will not be made free by the operation of the
act; and the ma.-t.-i> of tho^- slaves wdi diaw the eom-
peiitarion allowed by the Government for their services,
and thev would i(et tlieir slaves hack, as a matter ofeourse.
If my amendment t<> the r*eeond section be adopted, thid
nien-iue will not affect the loyal masfr. because he vviil
reecive the eompen>aiion allowed by Invv for the j.civic'e
of hi*; slave, and the slave will be his at the tetminalion of
tnat service."—Congrcssiorml Globe, Thirty-Seventh Con-
gre??-, second session, page 3233.
This extiact was introduced for the purpose of
showing that I was opposed to the employment
of slaves in the military service, and that I had
changed my mind on the subject. While I advo-
cated, in ihe speech to which the Senator was
replying, the employment of slaves, he quotes this
paragraph to show that I was at one time, only
two years ago, opposed to the employment of
slaves in the service.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Senator will permit
me one moment—■—
Mi. SHERiMAX I yield.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Senator is mistaken
in regard to my purpose in introducing that
extract and reading it. My object was to show
that the honorable Senator was m favor of em-
ploying in the armies of the United States slaves
belonging to loyal men, and then advocating the
doetnoe of remanding them back to slavery again'
after the war should be over, and of allowing
them to be held as slaves after they had fought for
tiie counti y. That was the purpose for which I
introduced that extiact, and not for the purpose
of showing that the honorable Senator was op-
posed to ernp'ovme; them in the Auny.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not the purpose an-
nounced in ins speech, and no gentleman after
reading the apfteh would infer teat as the pur-
pose. I Suind here on record, and the record is
before me. If that wps the idea sought to be con-
veyed by the Si.nr.tor then his whole argument-
fans, because in the vety speech that he com-
mends and extols, my position is that the slaves
of my xi masteis should not bo taken without com-1
penfutton. ! said two years u«ro on that poirH
precisely what I said in my recent speech, that
iiiey should not be taken unl-ss provision was ^
made for the compensation of the ioj'al owners.
If the Senator introduced this garbled extract
for the purpose he now states, he must have
known tnat my position then was the same^that
it\r- new. But, sir, notwithstanding the disclaimer
of the Senator, I will cheerfully give way to him
ii i nnsmteipret his meaning. Upon the face of
this oao'T an / peison would suppose that I had
changed my opinions on the subject of the em-
ployment of negroes in this war; but 1 will read
