m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
system, if it goes on, will provoke the people to
resist-it. I believe that t!*ry will refuse under it
to march forward in advance, because it is not
only aggressive but progressive, and leaves the
people without spirit and without hope.
Mr. KELLEY. I had not intended, Mr, Chair-
man, to take part in this debate, and 1 am not yet
very clear as to whether the amendment proposed
by the getuleman from Illinois [Mr. Loyejoy]
shall' receive my vote. I am very much in the
Imbit of following* the recommendation of com-
mittees of this House, especially when they pre-
sent, as the Committee of Ways and Means has
done in this case, a unanimous report. But really
the arguments of gentlemen on the other side are
almost persuading* me that I should for once deviate
from my rule. Before proceeding to examine the
argument of the gentleman who has just been
heard, [Mr. Ciianler,] permit me to allude for a
moment to that of the distinguished gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood.]
He tells us that we might as well hope to make
the conscription law and the confiscation law
stable as hope to make any other of the laws the
friends of the Administration may pass, and es-
pecially the one now under consideration, stable.
The gentleman has not comprehended, I think,
the scope of the conscription or the confiscation
Jaw one whit better than he seems to have com-
prehended the era in which we live,
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I did not include
the conscription law in my icmarks, but I do
now.
Mr. KELLEY. I understood the gentleman
from New York to include the conscription law
and the confiscation law, and to speak of them
and of the other unconstitutional laws which he
suys we have passed; and so he now docs. Sir,
these laws are necessarily but temporary. We
mean to,and if the rebels do not receive sufficient
encouragement from gentlemen on this floor we
will, befoic one year crush out the rebellion. The
conscription law will have then done its work,
and will lie a dead letter on our statute-book. If
the war lasts longer than this year it will be by
reason of the free and effective use of the most
powerful weapon in theannotyoftherebel leader,
the eloquence of his friends on this floor; and
when it terminates the confiscation law will also
have executed its purpose and will be a dead letter
on our statute-book". They at e laws for the ti mes.
They are laws to suppress and punish the exist-
ing rebellion.
The last gentleman who addressed the com-
mittee [Mr. Chanlkr] told us that poverty and
gaunt want stalk through the streets of Phila-
delphia and other noi thern cities; and he ascribes
it to taxation. I d£ny this allegation, and I chal-
lenges the observation ofgentlemen,l challenge the
records of our savings banks, I challenge the num-
ber of houses being built in eveiy town and city
in the North, to ptove thai there never was a sea-
son of greater piospenty than now. Gaunt want
does stalk through the streets of our cities. It i^
not begotten of taxation, though, but of intemper-
ance. The hungry wife who watches day alter
day and night alter night for the husband to whom
she gave her young love, and gathers to her ex-
hausted breast the hungry babe, complains not of
taxation, hut that her wretched husband loiters in
the school-house of modern Deiuociacy—the cor-
ner grocery.
Mr. CHANLER. Has the member ever been
then; r
Mr. ICELLEY. T have been near enough the
doors of such places to sec how they affect the
habits and manners of those who may once have
been gentlemen. 1 have sat nine years and nine
months as judge of a court which had cnminal
jurisdiction over a population of over six hundred
thousand people, and i tell thegentlenian that had
it not been for groggerics, the school-houses of
modern Demociucy, my business in the criminal
department would have been diminished eight or
nine tenths.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I understand the i
gentleman was elected as judge by the Democratic |
vote. I
Mr, KELLEY. No, sir, 1 was elected by the I
people. 1 had the honoi, so I have heard said, to !!
ikivr the Duitoeiaoy find me too pure for then j
puiposex, [laughiu! ,j and their nominating con- i1
vention tinew me overboard, when the people I1
took me up, and elected me by such a majority {]
as no candidate for local office had ever received
in the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will my
colleague allow me to ask him how he secured
his nomination for the judgeship—whether he did
not write a letter pledging himself to abide the
decision ojfaDemocraticeonvention, and whether
lie did not subsequently repudiate that pledge?
Mr. KELLEY. I refer-the gentleman to the
groggeries of the fourth ward of the city of Phila-
delphia for the information he so earnestly de-
sires. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir;
and they have got a better representative upon
this floor than you are. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr.'Chairman, it is not pov-
erty caused by taxation that enables gentlemen
to point to the destitution in our cities; it is to
the influence of that poison which.never was found
on vine or tree coming fresh from the hand of
God, as the gentleman [Mr. Chanler] alleged;
it is the product of man, the excessive use of
which is denounced by divine authoi ity, and the
voice of those of our own poor race who have
spoken most like God. *
Thegentlenian, unfortunately for his argument,
referred to the laboring classes of England: will
he tell me whether he has seen—and if he has not
it will afford me pleasure to send him a copy—a
little book entitled "The Social Condition of the
English People?" It is portions of a report made
by Mr. Joseph Kay, an English gentleman, who
was commissioned by the senate of Cambridge
University, England, to travel widely and exam-
ine and report upon the social condition of the
poorer classes of society.
Mr. CIIANLEII. If the gentleman refers to
me, I beg to say that as my remarks upon this
subject were founded upon a statement made
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, I will transfer my right to the gentleman 5s
report on whisky to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. If he will send it
to him he may find it of benefit. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I will send a copy to both.if
the gentlemen desire it. Mr. Kay went among
the poor laborers of the British islands, and he
reports having found an amount of poverty, igno-
rance, brutality, and general degradation that is
almost inconceivable. And he tells the philan-
thropists, taxpayers, and Government of Eng-
land that they must for their own safety, among
other remedial measure^:, stop one fountain and
open freely another; they must stop the ever-
abounding supply of intoxicating drinks which
Hows along the borders of all their streets, and
open up generously throughout the islands a sys-
tem somewhat like our northern system of public
education.
The gentleman asks whether we mean that the
laboiers who emigrate, believing that they are
escaping from the oppressions of over-taxed Eng-
land, shall come here to find that labor is even
more grievously burdened by taxation ? No, sir,
we mean to give the Government all the revenue
it requires to put an Army in the field larger, if
need be, than any it has had, to enlarge and im-
prove its Navy, and thus enable n to crush out
this lebellion and establish a countiy in which
the laborer, be he white or be ho black", shall own
himself, and shall have a legal title not only to his
wife and child but to cvety day and every hour
of his toil. That is what we moan to do for the
laboier. Sir, we mean to make this broad coun-
try of ours, sweeping ftom ocean to ocean, from
the wintry hikes on the north to that Gulf over
whose surface the summer breezes ever linger, the
home of freedom, the land in which labor shall
be honored and adequately rewarded, the sure
refuge and happy dwelling-place of the exile from
any land. And while we keep this end in view
we need nut fear that the people will complain of
taxation.
Why, who believes that the mother and father
who hav.€ given their first, second,and third-born
sons to the grave, that wives who have willingly
consented to their widowhood and the orphanage
of their children, will halt in their devotion to
their country and freedom for the laborer, because
taxation is one or five per cent., more or less?
The gentleman does not know the people of the
Ninth. ^VVhen he becomes.acquamted with them
he will find that the last able-bodied boy and the
last dollar will be cheerfully sacrificed that our J
march may be steadily forward for liberty and
the Union.
I shall.not vote for the amendment of the gen-
tleman. It is a revenue measure, not one of mu-
nicipal police. I would willingly vote for an in-
crease of the rate of taxation on whisky had it
been recommcndcd by the committee which re-
ported this bill, and who have considered the
subject with great care. The members of the com-
mittee say that a higher rate might diminish rev-
enue, and I wilWnot set my wishes against their
judgriigpt. I would, if I could, raise the price
of whrsky, and I would increase the rates of our
tariff to correspond with the increased internal
tax. I would follow the example of England in
one thing, at least, that of taxing luxuries, and
embrace brandy and wines. I would increase
the duty upon them all, and make the luxurious
people who enjoy high-priced wines contribute
largely to the revenue of the country. If per-
chance I should thus withhold from one weary
workingman his needed stimulant, the prayers of
drunkards' wives and children would, I think,
relieve me from responsibility in the final account.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, this bill was
made the special order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The debate has
degenerated very far from what may be deemed
the legitimate course which it ought to take. I
insist that the discussion shall hereafter be con-
fined to the merits of the bill as a special order.
I was unwilling to arrest debate at the time, es-
pecially when we were enlightened by the states-
manship of the other side and the eloquence of
this. I propose, therefore, that the committee rise
for the purpose of closing general debate, and that
we may have the five minutes debate provided for
by the rules.
Before I submit that motion, however, let me say
that I do not agree with the gentlemen who have
proposed amendments.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Let me withdraw my amend-
ment, and in lieu of it offer another one. I pre-
sume that there will be no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. An amendment has been pro-
posed to the gentleman's amendment, and it is not
therefore within his power to withdraw hisamend-
ment. Mr. Chairman, whenever the Committee
of Ways and Means and this Congiess shall as-
semble and act for the mere 'purpose of passing
sumptuary laws to prohibit the production of
whatever may be considered injurious to every-
body, it may be possible to carry out the idea of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnell,] and
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Lovejoy.] I am
not sure even that the amendments would have
the effect desired; for as I said before, I am not
sure that any amount oktaxes will reduce the con-
sumption of the article in question. If the argu-
ment of the gentleman'from Illinois be true, I do
not knowbut that instead of th^sbeing a revenue
bill the result would be to decrease the revenue.
You would then take from the Government the
means of supporting the burdens which it is now
compelled to bear.
( Mr. LOVEJOY. Allow me a single moment.
| I wish the gentleman from Pennsylvania to rec-
! ollect that 1 considered it as a levcnue measure,
i and m no other light,
Mr. STEVENS. I am now speaking especially
with reference to the argument of the gentleman
from Iowa.
Mr, LOVEJOY. You said Illinois.
Mr. STEVENS. I referred to both as having
offered amendments. <0
Mr. Chairman, I should be glad if legislation
could cure intemperance, but 1 have seen it tried,
and tried in vain. I do not believe that sumptu-
ary laws ever had any effect to stop abuses in
any country. When I was a young man, and I
would not object to being so again, 1 was m a
State Legislature, and moved that the sale of liquor
should be prohibited in my district, and the motion
was carried. I did not find that I thereby made
one drunkard the less—they would only drink the
_ more when they had achance. There is no other
; way than by moral suasion for the reformation of
the world on the subject of drunkenness. But
that is not the question now before us.
^ Since this article^will be used, Mr. Chairman,
| how can we raise fioin it the most revenue? I
think the tax of sixty cents per gallon is about the
point wheie we will get revenue without being
injurious to any branch of business. If it were
