1S16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
the short speech from which he took this extract;
the whole was very short and might easily have
been quoted:
"There is no icason .why the slaves of Joyal men should
not be employed j *=t as well as the slaves of disloyal men.
Tfw only question is, what compensation should i)C made
to ihc masters of slaves ?"
Then follows the extract he read:
<% If my amendment shall be adopted to the second sec-
tfon, the •,laves of Joyal persons will not be made free by
the opeiaunn of the act, and the masters of those slaves
Will draw the compensation allowed by the Government for
their services, and they would get their slaves back as a
matter of courle."
-5 There i? no flcwire. so far as T hdve heard any expression,
Hi affect the right of any loyal master in the United States.
It '•"ems to be the general desire, so lards*J know,to treat
him faufv; pot to depuvc hmi of what is regarded by tho
local law as his property, without fair and just compensa-
tion. 1 shall, therefor*-, vote against tbn amendment to The
first scctjon. brcau.*c I think all those persons are subject
to mihtaiy dim, and thoy oucht to be allowed to be cm-
ployed at the discretion of rhe President. It may be t hat the
slaves ot loyal persons air iho vri_\ un«\< who would desnc
^mploymept, whom iho Pt evident vvpnld naturally employ
in the first insianec, and I see no impropriety in leaving
them i-ubjeetto military duly, ui. they are by the Consti-
tution ofthe Cmted rftatcr?.''
Mr. WILKINSON. What page is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Page 3~32. The extract
read by the Senator is just in tho middle of what
{ said. The first paragraph is in opposition to
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri,
proposing to limit the power of the President to
the slaves of rebels. I opposed that amendment
on the ground that the slaves of loyal men ought
to be taken. The Senator takes the middic of
what I said, although the whole wan but short,
and prints that in his speech, leaving out tho be-
ginning and tho end, which would have shown
precisely my position; and for (hat I am arraigned
here nt flit; Senate of the United Slates in my
absence, and tho iniptv.sf.ion sought to be made,
that, for some offense or other, myself and other
honornble Senators are excluded by our heresies
from commenti ng upon the conduct and (lie official
acts of the President, of the United Suites. Why,
sir, this whole debate, in w hieh it .seems f took n
more active part than I had any idea of, :du>wa
that throughout I ad vocated the employment o!
It seems also that the honorable Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Henderson] moved to strike out
the words "mother, wife, and children," and that
with the same Senators 1 voted with him on that
proposition, so as to confine the operation ofthis
law to the slaves of rebel masters so far as the
question of emancipation was concerned, but to
allow the employment of all slaves whether they
belonged to rebel or loyal masters. In the same
connection I stated that I should be perfectly will-
ing'to emancipate the slaves of loyal men. who
were actually mustered into the Army, and their
wives, their children, and their mothers, if pro-
vision was made for the compensation of those
loyal men. .That is stated here several times in the
courseof thisdebate. The only point on which
I differed from any of my political friends was,
whether we should strike down the property inter-
ests of these loyal men, some of whom were act-
ually servingin ourarmies,fightingforourcause,
i without giving them the compensation required
j by the Constitution of the United States. A ma-
j jority of the Senate agreed with me that wc should
! not emancipate the slaves of loyal men unless we
pioyidcd for a constitutional compensation. That
is precisely my position now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was according to the
lull passed the other day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, according to the
very proposition made by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mi'.Wilson.J The proposition made
by him would cover every position 1 have taken
on,this subject.
Mr. WILKINSON Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr, SHERMAN. I will not allow myself to
he int-nruptud. If I do the Senator injustice he
may make any explanation he dcsiies.
Mr. WILKINSON, I wi^h to make a single
statement in repaid to the point on which the Sen-
ator has just been speaking, that he was at that
time in favor of employing tho slaves of loyal
master.? and paying for them, if I understood lum
corteeily. Now, mi', tin- Senator took directly
the opposite po.--.Uion, and assumed that we couid
U. UU nuvocmou me employment ot [j ti(){ iVmn lh„ coni]it!on of,ltn Tieasury, pay for
all the slaves in the country, the slaves oi loyal |i {il0 sittVt.s of loyal men. Hew • nosed such a nron-
masfers and of rebel masters all alike. ( noi'ic
thai in the roin?o of the debate the Senator from
Delaware put to me a question as to whether 1
believed Congress had the power to authorize
tliy employment of the ulaves of loyal men, and 1
answci'ed ilialhietly—this was sonic days lu-loie
(he quotation of tin.  Si-imtoi —
" J have no d mht I'mi it i* within the con .iitutionnl
power oi Co!i i<"-s, m inisnni atimo-. to emoll \\ hue* and
blacks, free and .'l.nvi And it is equal!-, rlr.u ih.it Con
Krea* ma\. wtn-n mihr.uy mmhcc is letpiucil, .lepme a
lather Of hi < njjht to tin* labor of hi-, son, and the innaei
ul the setvice* ot 1m s-lave."
Sir, in the whole debate, extending over one
hundred pages oft ho Congressional Giobe, aeon-
versational debate, to which that bill was subject-
ed, I uniformly insisted upon tho employment of
slaves, but m all eases; insisted that when the
slaves oflo^al men should he taken for military
seivice the Government was bound to *<iv*' them
reasonable and honorable compensation. I held
the, same position then that I hold now, and the
same that I uttered the other day. JJut .suppose
i hat the honorable Senator from Minnesota should
eo/tvict mo of inconsistency, what then ? 1 never
saw a man (or whom I had any respect whatever
but changed his mind many times in his life. If
a man is so stubborn and determined in his opin-
ion twit he v. til not yield to icason, it shows that
he has iuh tho light of'ieasop to guide him.
Hut in icgard to the ^mploymentof slaves, such
has not b. eh my condition. l<Vom the very be-
ginning I have favored tho empiovment of ihese
slaves; and in the speech to * lueh'l have referred
1 remonstrated with tho tmhuiy authorities be-
cause they did not treat tlua question right, and
insisted thut they should have employed slaves
long befote; and yet the Senator, seizing upon
ih : middle of .i little parc.^ruph uttered by me,
disN/rtu'g it fiom tin: vn^t publishes it m lus
speech in my c.bst mm to siiowto the community
ihi-i I iitvc ibrfoifed my riirht to criticise public
oi'oclamatjo-'is by some iieresy and schism; and
the houoiab'e Senators wiio voted with me for
iliat amendment are also placed in the position of
timid men, who are throwing constitutional blocks
in tho way or'the Government.
Sir, what cl«0 i*> fhi^ sivus'ilmii based ur>on;
f loyal men . lie .opposed such a prop-
osition when offered by the Senat >r from Kansas,
[Mr. L \nk,) m ctmneeuon with tins same ques-
tion, on a different day. 'I'iie Senah r from Kan-
sas made a ptoposition lf> pay for the slaves of
loyal masters, and the honoiablo Senator fiom
Ohio opposed that, proposition, but favoied the
i emplo) nn-lit of the s!a\e,s of iovnl masteis and
then i.toin to :daveiy after the war should be
OVei .
Air. SllhMlMAN Mr. President, I yielded
to the Senator, which is always a courtesy, to
make an explanation of his own position, and lie
interrogates me. I will in due time show that
his present statement of my position is entirely
unfounded.
As far as I am concerned I am willing to defend
all my \otes. I will in a moment refer to and
have maiked thr very matter to which he now
refers; but before coming to that, I wish to call
attention to n remaikublo statement made by the
Sen-Uor in hi* speech, a statement that I would
not u11ei in any contingency, ileie is what the
Senator states:
" So fai as I ain concerned I Mtali not slop to mquue
whether the employment oi Jdaves as bohh vrs pj consntu-
oi uneuustauiioual, whether u he legal or illo-'ul."
I :Vir. WILKINSON. Head the whole sen-
tence,
\Mi. SHERMAN. It continues:
''The question with mc is, ami the only 'picution !*, is
it nee""--; irv ? Doc's the tri.Mt law of neccsMtv, that law
which the Senator horn Mai\ land .speaks of as, the k higher
law,* the low ubo\ e th" Constant ion. leijnue oi ju tu\ u
Look for a moment at this proposition. The
Senator tells us that he wiii not stop to inquire
whether the employment of slaves in constitu-
tional or unconstitutional, le^al or dleoal; he wiil
decide the question by the la w of in cessity. Mr.
Piesident, did not the Senator takf tho oath of
office prescribed by the Constitution ' How can
he say this in the faco of that oafh? Did he not
swear before God in the most solemn way by
jj which we can appeal to tin: Deity that he would
I support and maintain the Constitution of the Um-
p ted States? And yet he tells us that lie will not
J even stop to inquire whether the measure is cori-
^ stiiuftnnal or unconHtiuUional, le^al oi illfgal'
Mr. WILKINSON rose.
Mr. SHERMAN,- I cannot yield. The Sen-
ator will have plenty of time.
Mr. WILKiNSON. I insist that he shall read
the whole paragraph, and not make the statement
in the way he does.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can read what
he pleases when he comes to speak.
Mr. WILKINSON. But  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota will not interrupt the Senator from
Ohio in his remarks.
Mr. SHERMAN. Did the Senator read the
whole of what I said, when ail that 1 said was
included in a few lines which are now before me,
and when he arraigned me in my absence? lie
is present, and will have an opportunity to reply
to me. lie says he will be guided by the great
law of necessity. Why, sir, who is to judee of
the necessity? Our political opponents have at-
tributed to us such a position, and I have denied
that wc have ever knowingly violated the Consti-
tutional' the Uniied States. Over and overacain
in the campaign last fall we were arraigned as
being reckless men, who were willing to disregard
our oaths and violate the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States; but I everywhere said that we had not
violated the Constitution; tuul I defended our acts
as being within the constitutional powersgranted
to us in a state of war; and yet here a Senator who
arraigns me in my absence says that he does not
stop to inquiie whether a measure is constitu-
tional or unconstitutional, legal or illegal; and
this declaration of his will be rung through this,
country in the next presidential campaign.
Mr. President, it is not true. I affirm here on
behalf of the great Union party of this country
that this declaration is false; that wc never have
knowingly violated the Constitution of the United
States, and so help me God, I never will, and
no wild idea of necessity, no phantasm of the
brain wiil Justify the utterance of so atiocious a
sentiment or the practice of it. Eut yethere it is;
and by this same Senator I am arraigned because
I will not m violation of the Constitution of the
United States seize upon the property of loyal
men who are fighting in our armies, deprive them
of their light to the services of certain personsin
the southern States without compensation, in plain
and palpable violation of the Constitution. Sir,
as long as this sentiment stands recorded in the
speech 1 do not care for the arraignment of the
Senator fiom Minnesota.
Now, Mr. President, 1 come to the paragraph
I have maiked in regard to the subject of emanci-
pation and the debate that occurred between the
Senator fiom Kansas [Mr. Lane] and myself.
It seems that the Senator from Kansas proposed
an amendment to the bill, which authorized the
President of the United States to employ slaves
either in the rnihtai y ot naval service, or in throw-
ing up bicastworks, oras teamsters, or as agents,
or as nmle-driveis. It required the United States
to pay for the slaves so employed, their children,
wife, and mother; that is, if a negro, the slave of
a loyal master, was employed only for a single
hour to cairy a message for an oflicer, if he was
employed for a single day to drive a mule team,
or if he had run away and was practically free,
under the proposed amendment of the Senator
from Kansas the United States would be required
to pay the full value of those slaves, whether they
were employed m the military or naval or civil
service of the United States, whether their labor
was of any value or not Thit was the effpet of
the amendment. It is line before mo; and the
honorable Senator from Kansas, with a frankness
for which 1 always give Inm ciedit, stated expli-
citly m the debate that his purpose was to eman-
cipate as many of these slaves as he could. That,
no doubt, is nis desire, to emancipate the whole
1 ace. Xle proposed th-uefoie thai if a slave was
employed for any sen ice, not in the military ser-
vice alone, but in anysgn-jee whatever, t!m mere
employment should operate as tho emancipation
of that slave, Iks mother, his wif-, and his chil-
dren; and thereupon the United States should
pay the full value of all these slaves. When that
proposition was made it seems I opposed it on
the ground that it would involve a very large ex-
penditure of money; that it was iule and ridicu-
lous to propose it; and I say now that if that
identical pioposition was made here I would op-
nose it now. By it a shovelfull of eaith thrown
