8270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
power in tilt: justice of our cause, no peace made
secure by*n e triumph of freedom and truth.
Mr. Speaker, even at this late day of the ses-
sion i will beg the indulgence of the House while
I point out some of (lie grounds of our confidence
in the final success of our cause, while 1 endeavor
to show that though beset with danger we still
stand on firm earth, and though the heavens are.
clouded, yet above storm and cloud the sun of our
national hope shines with steady and undimmed
splendor. History is constantly repeating itself,
making only such changes of programme as the
growth of nations and centuries requires. Such
struggles as ours, and for greater ones, have oc-
curred in other ages, and their records are written
for us.
1 desire to refer to the example of our ances-
tors across the sea-, in their great struggles at the
close of the last and the beginning of the present
century, to show what a brave nation can do
when their liberties are in danger and their na-
tional existence is .at stake. There were two
periods in the history of that contest when Eng-
land saw darker days than any we have seen, or,
I hope,ever shall see. Consider her condition in
1797. For ten yeais the tide of mad revolution
hdd been sweeping over Europe I ike a destroying
pestilence, demolishing tluones and principalities,
and, while many evils were swept aw.iv, chaos
and anarchy weie left in its track. In 1792 If ranee
deflated war against the world; and in I'Vbiuaty,
1703, specifically declared wai agains. England.
At that lime tin British d< hi was $1,268,663,045,
and its annual interest $45,225,304 i h.< popu-
lation ol the United Kingdom waslessthan twelve
miliums, including Ireland—Ireland then as now
" the tear in the eye of Great Britain," a aoutce
of weakness rather than stiength. The spirit of
revolution pervaded the kingdom ftom collieries
to couit. The throne distiusted the people, and
* the people wete jealousof the power ol the throne.
In 1794 the habeas coipus act was suspended
against an opposition in Par (lament more ileterm-
1 nod and fur abler than its suspension met in our
Gotii'i'fcs two years as<o. In 1796, three and a
qiiuitei million Catholics in it eland were organ-
ized to levolt against the Government, to be aided
by a French lleet of forty sail with twenty-five
thousand French soldiers on boaid. But for the
sionn which dispeiscd the lleet the revolt must
have been successful.
In the same yeai the naval power of England
was tlmwiened with dissolution by a wide-spiead
mutiny in tin- fleet. Ship after ship deserted the
fleet oil' Cadiz and in the North sen. The Channel
fleet ran up the red lias of mutiny from almost
eve i y mast -head, and w as d i a w u tt p in hue o ( bat-
tie acioss the mouth of tlie Thames, piepared to
bombard London if the demands of the mutineers
were not acceded to. Itreqnned all the thinness
of tin; king and his Government to save the city
and ihenavy. In 17U7, o(.piessx d with financial
diyjihU'i, the Bank ol Kn^iund .suspended specie
payment, and papei nioin y (an imnii use cncula-
tie,i ol' which crowded the country ) was the legal
eurtency I'm i went y-lw o yeat s thei eafter. inlhat
filtii year of tin. war, Alison s-ijs:
'• r.wiytning seemed i<> he I.iIIimli ,n once. Tlirii aiin1o<
hail been" deiciiied, the h.tnk had Mi-| cnded p,t\ment. and
now the il et.i he pridi1 ami ^lou c i England,.ijtpeari d on ilui
point of de-jiMiinif the minou-i! roloi-.M * * * *
"■ Public eiediiors nppieliended the >peedy dissolution ana
tiic cessation oj then wonted p:i\ merits iiomtho tienMiiv.
J)e p.nr seized upon Hie l>old<--t heail*, and -uch w;i«i the
genei;it pntic ill U the tinee p-'i cents wvn* sold as low as
lortj-live as tut irivin^ h.'en ne<uly one handled helote tne
opening ol the vv.u Never dm nij{ tin wnolo eont«-t hud
tlie cotibternatioii buen mi <ire.it, and never was L>iit;nn so
neui the veigo of ruin,"—Volume 4, page 235.
All this time Fiance, with fienzied activity and
enoimous power, was dealing deadly her blows.
In Parliament the great Fox was leadmga powei-
ful opposition against the Government. (Though
we have no Pitt to lead us, we at least have no Fox
to lead our enemies m tins Congress.) The rec-
ord of their divisions would answer for our own.
Alison says:
" So violent had party t-pirit bocomf1, and so completely
had it usurped the plate or patuoti^m or reason, that many
ot the popular leader* had eoiae to wMi anxiously for the
tnumpi) ol their enemies. It was not a simple disappro-
bation of the war which they fell, hut a fervent denre that
it iru-'lit terminate m the di! .idv.\ntavre of thetr county, and
that the republican might traimpi) over the IUiti>h arms.
Tiiev thought i'neie no ^nanee of an; p irliauientmy
reiorm hemi; earned ot <mv considerable add;i ion todeni-
orfatie powMi' acquired, unless* the miiiibtiy were dispos-
sessed; and to accomplish this object they hesfuted not
to betray tin ir wish for the «ucee^ of the mobncratic enemy
of the country. The^c ammo<uie  produced their u-uai
effects of tendering tliemoder ite orisuton.il equally odious
to both parties; whoever th ploied tlie \v<\i was- :i reputed
foe to his countrr; whoever pronounced it neee^arv was
deemed a conspirator against liberty, and an abettor ot arbi-
tral y power."—Volume 4, page 141
"J V*. ' ~ -J t' ZJ
Againstsuchanoppositionandsuchdiscou rage-
ments, the bice of which we have not yet seen,
England with a brave king, a wise ministry, and
a courageous Parliament, rose to the level of the
great occasion, passed laws both for volunteering
and draft, filled the ranks of her army and navy
to more than three hundred and fifty thousand
men, poured out her wealth with a lavish hand,
renewed the great contest, and continued it, not
four years, but five times four years longer.
But England saw darker days than those of
1797. In the beginning of 18i2 Napoleon ^had
risen to the height of his marvelous power. The
continent of Europe was at his feet. By victo-
rious diplomacy and still more victorious war he
had founded an empire which seemwHo dely hu-
man power to successfully assail it. Every coali-
tion against him had been broken; eveiy alliance
had failed. More than half the nations of Eu-
rope folio wed his conqueting eagles. From the
Vistula to the pillais of Hercules, except the
rocky triangle of the Torres Vedras, where Wel-
lington was held at bay by five tunes his number
under a gteat maishal of France, tin; continent
piesented an unbroken front against England.
Russia remained in frozen isolation, a spectator
of the contest Only Prussia and Austria fol-
lowed the lead of England.
Let us consider her condition at this second
crisis of her fate. Her population, including Ire-
land, was about seventeen millions. [Jer debt
had been mote than trebled since the beginning of
the wai,and now reached the emumous sum of
$4,000,000,000. Specie payments being still sus-
pended, her paper currency was more than over
expanded. In the beginning of the war she laised
from her mines and coined annually about $30,-
000,000 in gold But the revolution which swept ;
over South America had stopped the wot king of
the mines, so that before the close of the war the
annual Bntish coinage was less than $12,000,000.
Her navy was crippled by the war, hei com-
merce ruined by the French decrees and the non-
importation act of the United States. Her im-
ports exceeded her exports by £63,000,000, and
tlie balance was paid in gold. Fortwo yeatsher
harvests had failed, and in 1812 ahe paid $21,-
000,000 in gold for foreign giain to bed her peo-
ple at home. In that year alone hei exnoits de-
clined $140,000,000. The heavy subsidies to her
allies and the payments to herown ainues on the
Continent were to be in gold. In 1812 she sent
"$30,000,000 in gold, for which she paid thirty per
cent, piemtum, to Wellington's army in the Pe-
ninsula. I lei bonds had so depreciated t hat a loan
of ot'GO increased her debt <£100. A short time
previous, in the muist of ineieasing disaster, the
reason of the king gave way,and he sat a lunatic
on the throne of a kingdom which seemed teady
to go down with him m the geneial rum. llus
event added a new and complicated question to
the distractions of X^arliament, and gave a new
weapon to the Opposition.
U is not necessaiy for my present purpose to
inquiie whether justice leaned to the side of Eng-
land or heradversary. It is enough to know that
she believed it was on her part a struggle for self-
existence and for the constuutional liberty of the
world. Inspired with this conviction she stood
like a giant at bay, in high debate reasserted the
justice of her cause, summoned anew, not the
frantic energy of despair, but the inexhaustible
reserve of calm Anglo-Saxon coinage, the un-
fathomed resources of English faith and English
pluck—a proud share of which I tiust this nation
bus inherited—and, in the face of unexampled
discouragement and appalling disastei, summon-
ing to tlie uttermost the resouices of her realm,
went out again to meet the man of destiny, whose
victories were numbered by hundreds, and whose
eagles were followed by halfthe world. Increas-
ing both taxes and loans, she raised and expended
for that year £550,000,000. She filled her navy
to one hundred and twenty-five thousand men,
and before the year ended six hundred and forty-
eight thousand men were artayed under her ban-
ners. Seconded by the indomitable spiut of her
peoj:fie, her armies emerged from the gloom o*f that
nineteenth year of the war, and, marching with
unfaltering step through three motv bloody yems
and the carriage of Waterloo,she plant, d her vic-
torious s tan da i ds on the battlements of I ai is, and
gave peace to Eutope.
And can we, the descendants of such a people,
with such a history and such an example beforo
us, can we, dare we falter in a day like this t uate
we doubt? Should we not rather say as Boltng-
broke st#l to his people in their hour of peril:
"Ob, woe to thee when doubt comes: it blows like a
wind tioin tlie north and makes all thy joints to quake.
Woe, indeed, be to the statesmen who doubt tne sircngtb
of then connti y and htund m awe of the enemy with whom
it is engaged."
At that same period one of the greatest minds
of England declared the three things necessary to
her success: ... _ ,
1. To listen to no terms of peace till freedom
and oider were established m Europe.
2. To fill up her army and perfect Us orgamza-
Ul3.'To secure the favor of Heaven by putting
away forever the crime of slavery and the slave
trade. . . .
Can we lem-n n bolter lesson? Great Britain ill
that same period began tlie work which ended in
breaking the fetters of all her bondmen. She (lid
maintain her armies and her finances and she did
tunmph. We have be«;un to secure the approval
of Heaven by lionis justice, though long delayed,
and securing to evei y human being in this Repub-
lic freedom henceforth and forever.
Mr. Speaker, it has long been my settled con-
viction that it was a part of the divine purpose
to keep us under the piessure and griet of this
war until the conscience ot the nation should be
aroused to the enormity of its great cume against
the black man, and full reparation should be
made. We entered the struggle, a laige majority
insisting that slavery should be let alone, with a
defLnce almost blasphemous. Every movement
toward the recognition of the negro's manhood
was resisted. Slowly, and ut a frightful cost of
precious lives, the nation has yielded its wicked
and stubborn prejudices against him, till at last
the blue coats cover more than one hundred thou-
sand swarthy breasts, and the national bannei is
borne in the smoke of battle by men lately loaded
with chains but now bearing the honors and
emoluments of American soldiers. Dare we hope
for final success till we give them the full protec-
tion (if soldiers? Like thesinsof mankind against
Uod, the sin of slavery was so gieat that " with-
out the shedding of blood there was no remis-
sion." Shall we not secure the favor of Heaven
by putting it completely away? Shall we not
fill up our armies? Shall we not also triumph?
Was there in the condition of England in 1812 a
single element essential to success which we do
not possess to-day ?
Observe the contiast. Her population was less
than seventeen million. Ours to-day is twenty-
five million in the loyal States alone.
Her debt was more than $4,000,000,000, its an-
nualinterest $161,000,000; ours is $1,720,000,000,
and us annual imeiesi $71,000,000
The balance of imports was §65,000,000 against
her. In 1863 the balance was #79,621,872 in our
favor.
She bought grain from foreign nations to feed
her people. We ieed our own and send an im-
mense surplus to foreign markets.
Her mines yielded bom twelve to fifteen mil-
lions of bullion annually; ours are now yielding
$120,000,000 a year. More than half of all her
payments were made in coin purchased ataheavy
pi em i u m; we pay nothing in com but $50,000,000
of our interest and the salaries of our ministers
and consuls abroad.
She crossed the sea to meet her enemy on for-
eign soil; we on our own soil, m a country that
has been ours since the foundation ot the Re-
public.
She fought to maintain her rank amongtnena-
tions of Europe; we fight to maintain our exist-
ence among the nations of the earth, and to pre-
serve liberty and union for ourselves and out
children ®s children.
If the example of England fails to inspire us,
let us not, I beseech you, forget our fathers of
the Revolution. We have seen no day so dark
as were whole years in their struggle. _ We have
eeen no captures of Philadelphia* no wintei cjuar-
