1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ters at Morristown, no blood-stained snows at
Valley Forge. Out of a population of three mil-
lions, one quarter of whom adhered to the enemy,
they sent to the fieid three hundred and ninety-
five thousand cighthundredand ninety-two men;
one for every seven women and children in the
colonies. Were we to double our armies to-day
we should still fail far behind that proportion.
Who can compare their resources with ours
and not blush at the mention of failure, the sug-
gestion of defeat? Do we, with power almost
unlimited, with resources as yet untouched, the
balance oftrade in our favor,eveiy branch of in-
dustry flourishing, and everything in its proper
place except the Congress of the United States,
do we talk gloomily of the issue of this contest *
I believe, sir, that the worlh and manhood of
a nation must be tried by the same standard that
tests the worth and manhood of individual men.
We can never know what stuff a man is made of
till we see him brought face to face with some
desperate issue, some crisis of his life in which
he must peril all in one noble effort or shrink
ignobly away into the coward's oblivion. If,
summoning all his untried manhood, and flinging
into the scale his honor, his fortune, and his life,
he goes down to the trial, we know that to him
44 there's no such word as fail." So, sir, a na-
tion is not worthy to be saved if in the hour of
its fate it will not gather up all its jewels of man-
hood and of life, and go down into the conflict,
however bloody and doubtful, resolved on meas-
ureless ruin or complete success.
" Si fi actus illabatur orbis,
Impavidum forfent ruin®."
But 110 rum awaits such a nation. The Amer-
ican people have not yet « isen to " the height of
the great argument," nor will they until those
who represent them here are ready with unselfish
devotion to walk in the rugged path that leads to
victory.
If we will not learn a lesson either from Eng-
land or our revolutionary fathers, let us at least
learn from our enemies. I have seen their gal-
lantry in battle, their hoping against hope amid
increasing disaster, and, traitors though they are,
I am proud of their splendid courage when I re-
member that they arc Americans. Our Army is
equally brave, but our Government and Congress
aie far behind th«m in earnestness and energy.
Until we go into the war with the same despera-
tion and abandonment which mark their coursc
we do not deserve to succeed, and we shall not
succeed. What have they done? What has their
government done—a government based in the
first place on extreme State rights and State sov-
ereignty} but which has become more centralized
and despotic than the monarchies of Europe?
They have not only called for volunteers, but
they have drafted. They have not only drafted,
but cut off both commutation and substitution.
They have gone further. They have adopted
conscription proper—the old French conscription
of 1797—and have declared that every man be-
tween sixteen and sixty years of age is a soldier.
But we stand here bartering blood for money,
debating whether we will fight the enemies of the
nation or pay $300 into its Treasury.
Mr. Speaker, with this brief review of the
grounds of our hope I now ask yourattention to
the main proposition in the bill before the House,
the repeal of the commutation clause. Going
back to the primary question of the power to raise
armies, I lay it down as a fundamental proposi-
tion, as an inherent and necessary element of
sovereignty, that a nation has a right to the per-
sonal service of its citizens. The stability and
power of every sovereignty rest upon that basis.
Why can the citizen claim the protection of the
Government? Because rights and duties are re-
ciprocal, and the Government owes him protec-
tion only as he gives sanction and power to the
law by his personal service and the contribution
of his wealth. Hence in the name of law lie can
demand protection. Hence, also, in the name of
law his Government can demand his personal
service and a contribution from-his purse. There
are two great muscles that move the aim of sov-
ereignty, the Treasury and the Army.
If a nation has the right to protect itself it must
have the right to use these two powers. It may
therefore take money from the citizen in accord-
ance with the forms of law. It may take every
dollar of every citizen if so much should be ne-
cessary in order to supportand maintain the Gov-
ernment.
If the nation has the right to the citizen's money
has it not equally the right to his personal ser-
vice? Coercion accompanies the tax-gatherer at
every step, ^ The law of revenue rests upon co-
ercion. Without that same coercive power no
Government could putasoldier i-nto the field. As
well might we claim that the legal basis of the
Treasury is a eontribution-box, as that the legal
basis of the military power is the volunteering
system.
I go astep further. Every nation underheaven
claims the right to order its citizens into the ranks
as soldiers. Great Britain has always held that
power behind her volunteering system. In 1798
she made a law first to offer bounties to volun-
teers, and then to draft her enrolled citizens into
the army. No such thing as commutation was
known.
Gentlemen talk as though the right to pay
$300 in lieu of personal service was one of the*
inalienable rights guarantied to us by the Con-
stitution. They forget that until the 3d day of
March, 1863, there was never known on this con-
tinent such a thing as paying money in lieu of
personal service.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will thegentleman letme
ask Mm a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understood the gentle-
man from Ohio to state that England always went
with the power to draft. I want to know whether
she ever did make a draft; whether she ever con-
scripted or forced her men into the army?
Mr. GARFIELD. She never conscripted, but
she did provide for a draft. Under the law of
1798 she raised her militia for local purposes, and
drafted from the militia into the regular army in
the field.
Let us look for a moment at our own history
in regard to this subject. How were the three
hundred and ninety-five thousand men raised for
the war of the Revolution? Every colony had
laws for calling out its militia and compelling
them to serve. By a statute of Maryland a citi-
zen was liable to a fine of <£10,000 fora refusal to
obey the command when ordered into the field.
By a statute of Massachusetts as early as 1693
severe punishments were provided for those who
refused to turn out for military duty when or-
dered. The spirit of personal independence and
the protection of individual rights were at least
as carefully guarded by the founders of the Re-
public as they are by this generation, and yet
they never doubted the power of the colonies to
compel the citizen to serve in the field. It makes
no matter whether it he done by the President or
a Governor of a State, the same principle is in-
volved. .
1 affiim again that every one of the colonies
raised men by draft. It was a presumed com-
mon law right. The Constitution of the United
States recognizes the same principle by declaring
that <f Congress shall have power to provide for
calling forth the militia to cxecute the laws of the
Union;" and on the 29th of September, 1789, an
act was passed (the second military law under
the Constitution) giving to the President full
power to call forth the militia. That law was
extended by the act of May 2, 1792, so as to give
him the power to send the militia beyond the
limits of their States. In 1795 (February 28) his
power was still further extended, and a heavy
penalty was affixed for disobedience of the Jaw.
In the case of Houston vs. Moore, 5 Wheaton,
and also Martin vs. Mott, 12 Wheaton, the Su-
preme Court decided that the law was constitu-
tional, and that the President had the constitu-
tional power to compel a citizen to do military
duty.
In the war of 1812 the President called on the
States for troops, and when a sufficient number
did not volunteer they wcie obtained by draft.
In 1839, when the dispute occurred between this
country and England in reference to the bound-
aries of the State of Maine, a law was passed
March 3, 1839, authorizing the President to call
forth one hundred thousand men for six months,
a period double the length allowed by former
laws.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I would ask the gentle-
man whether the law for drafting in 1812 allowed
substitutes.
Mr. GrARFlELD. Certainly it drd, but not
commutation. The bill before us permits drafted
men to obtain substitutes but not t6 pay commu-
tation.
I say, then,since the beginning of the Govern-
ment, still further,since the beginning of the Revo-
lution, still further, since the founding of the colo-
nies, the right of sending citizens into the military
service has been repeatedly asserted and exercised;
•and up to the 3d of March, 1863,auch'a thing as
a payment of money in lieu of military service
was never known on this continent. Gentlemen
must, therefore, abandon the claim that in repeal-
ing this clause we are interfering with immemo-
rial usage and inalienable rights.
Even the law of 1863 did not regard the $300
as an equivalent for military service. It provide:
that the §300 should be paid "for the procura-
tion of a substitute," and was supposed to be a
sum sufficient for that purpose, it is now far
from sufficient, and the law is even more unjust
than at first. If the $300 would always procure
a substitute, the military service would not suffer
by retaining the clause.
But what are the facts? The President, the
Secretary of War, our own knowledge of affair*,
tell us if it be retained it will be impossible to fiM
the places of the eighty-five thousand hundred
days' men who will go out of service in a few
weeks*, and of the three years' regiments whose
(erms of service are every day expiring. 'More-
over, we must allow something for the waste of
battle, the waste of disease,"and all the incidents
of war. And now, while our armies are advan-
cing gloriously, while our campaigns are prosper-
ous, while there is no immediate cause for alarm,
let us look into the future and provide for its emer-
gencies; let us hold up the hands of the President
and remove this obstacle from the law, as he rec-
ommends. Gentlemen doubt what the people will
say and how they will feel. 1 have learned that
the people are braver than their Representatives.
I would much sooner take the counsel of the Amer-
ican people, and especially of the American Army,
than of the timidity of their Representatives when
an election is at hand. Would to God there wm*
no presidential election to cast its shadow over
this battle summer,and no congressional elections
overshadowing this House. Perhaps we might
then see with clearervisiontheinterests of thecoun-
try, and strike toward them with bolder hands.
This I do know, that the loyal people have laid
up a great oath on the altar that they will never
rest till the rebellion is overthrown, and they will
take all necessary means to hew their way through
to this purpose. I know that the people whom 1
represent have united their destiny with the des-
tiny of the Union, and will share its fortunes
whatever betide it. I have not asked them, but
I believe they will respond cheerfully to this
measure. But whatever they may do, 1 shall
strive to remove all obstacles from the increase
of tho Army.
I ask gentlemen who oppose this repeal why
they desire to make it easy for citizcns to escape
from military duty. Is it a great hardship to
serve one's country? Is it a disgraceful set vice?
Will you, by your action here, say to the sol-
diers in the field, " This is a disreputable busi-
ness; you have been deceived; you have been
caught in the ^*ap, and we will make no law to
put anybody else in it?" Do not thus treat your
soldiers in the field. They are pro&d of their
voluntary service; and if there be one wish of the
Army paramount to all others,one message more
earnest than any other which they send back to
you, it is that you will aid in filling up their battle-
thinned ranks by a draft that will compel luke-
warm citizens who prate against the war to go
into the field. They ask that you will not ex-
pend large bounties in paying men of t!nrd-ratf
patriotism while they went with no other bounty
than that loveof country to which they gave tin ir
young lives a free offering, but that you will
compel these eleventh-hour men to take their
chances in the field beside them. Let us grant
their request, and by a steady and persistenteffort
we shall in the end, be it near or remote, be it in
one year or ten, crown the nation with victory
and enduring peace.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
