2296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
improvements -within a State, although they all
admit the power of Congress to construct roads
through-the'public lands.
I do not myself give in my adherence to that
idea; but I know'that it was in consequen'ceof
that idea that the Union'1 Pacific Railroad Com-
pany was required to corrfine its operations with-
in the limits of" the Territories of the United States,
and that to enableitto connect with the Missouri
river authority was given to the Leavenworth
and Pawnee Railroad Company of Kansas to
construct a r<kid three hundred and sixty or three
hundred and seventy milesto the one hundredth
parallel of longitude. The Central Pacific Rail-
road'Company of California-was authorized to
construct a road from the eastern boundary of that
Stat^'to the Nevada line, with the further privi-
lege that if the Union Pacific road did not meet
them there they might'go on and extend the road
until it was finished; and provision was made for
extending-to these companies precisely the same
power and precisely the same grants thatare made
to the Union Pacific railroad "itself, giving them
land, furnishing: the bonds of the Government to
the extent of $16,000 a mile for a part of the road,
to $33,000 a mile for another part, and to $48,000
a mile over the mountains. And no provision
was made in that bill requring them to carry Gov-
ernment troops, arms, and munitions free of cost
as has been done in this bill. No gentleman liv-
ing near the eastern terminus of'that road then
raised any voice against this munificent grant.
No gentleman from that locality then found any
fault or any quibbles that the companies author-
ized tt> build it were chartered by States.
' Mr. WILSON. I wish to state to the gentle-
man that he has forgotten that when the Union
-Pacific railroad bill was pending, I did oppose
conferring that power upon the Pawnee and
Leavenworth Company, and also upon the Cali-
fornia Company. '
I wish also to correct the gentleman in another
respect. By the act which 1 have before me,
creating the corporation known as the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, ai! the powers of that
company were created and presented. It is true
that it provided that if the company should not be
able to build the road as required, the companies
constructing the roads in the States lying west of
the Mississippi river should construct the road;
but at the same time it conferred upon those com-
panies the powers which are conferred by the art,
uponthe'Union Pacific Railroad Company. There
is no such provisions in the bill now pending be-
fore the House. This is a charter granted solely
by the Legislature of Maine, in which there is no
provision reserving the right to alter, amend, or
repeal the charter of the company,
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will look
at it he will see that there is not one of the cor-
porate powers of the Leavenworth and Pawnee
Railroad Company, nor one of the corporate pow-
ers of the California Railroad Company, defined.
Reference is simply had to their charters as ex-
isting charters. Hut they have these subsidies
granted, and if they accept these conditions, they
are bound to live up to iliern. So this company,
j'f it-accepts the grant upon the conditions we pro-
pose, is bound to h ve up to them, or else thcgiant
of the United States fails. The two cases are iden-
ficnl in pimciple, and it is not fair to treat them
differently.
So much for the purpose of defining why this
company is authorized to make the road. It is
because we could not authorize anybody else to
make it; and it is to be made by some such com-
pany chartered by a State, or not made at all.
Belore i undertook to leport this bill, 1 satisfied
myself that this was a substantial company, com-
posed of the best men to be. found is (Boston and
Nevv England; and I satisfied myself that they
intended to make the road. 1 did not see how they
could make it very weliat tins time; but they un-
dertook to do it, and they allowed us to put into
the charter not only a provision that they should
subscnbe for the stock m one half of the time
which was allowed to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company, but they allowed us to reduce the time
of the acceptance of the terms to six months.
And altogether, the provisions of this are more
stringent tlmu were those in reference to that
road.
vVJmt, rhon, have wo givrn them which gentle-
man iv.eni -id ueiitiilivcaUftit? We gave them that
which to this nation to-day is 'not worth a dollar.
We gave them land wholly uninhabited, lying in
the bleak regions of the North, and which, with-
out some such road as this, never will be inhab-
ited until the great fire shall consume those for-
ests. It is therefore as a means of settling that
country, now without one whiteinhabitant, and
it is for the purpose of bringing the alternate sec-
tions into value-so that homesteads may be worth
something there, that we propose to give this com-
pany an opportunity to open up that vast wilder-
ness to civilized man.
And yet gentlemen a little lower down the coun-
try, down at this end of the Union Pacific rail-
road, cannot see it. People even atChicago can-
not see it. Why? Because this road proposes
to start from the head of Lake Superior. They
know that vessels can start from the head of Lake
Superior and go to London by the same length of
route, and with just the same caliber and depth of
vessel that they could from Chicago.
Now, sir, I have looked a little into this mat-
ter, in the fulfillment of my duties as chairmart of
this committee, and I satisfied myself first, that
these men would build the road without a dollar
of subsidy from the Government. 1 do not call
the grant of these lauds giving away anything.
The Government does not sell this land now.
The Government at present says that any man
who chooses to go and take it may do so by pay-
ing simply ten dollars for the surveying expenses.
The land is no longer held as part of the national
revenue. My eloquent friend from Ohio [Mr.
Spalding] seems not'to have.remembered at the
moment that the land is no longer for sale by the
Government of the United States; the whole of
it is devoted to the purposes of population; and
it is for that same purpose that 1 urge the build-
ing of this great road, What private owner of
such land would not say, '♦Open out a road
through it, and you shall have half the land that
lies anywhere within a reasonable distance, to the
extent even of a kingdom?" Who would not
dispose of it in that way if it were his own, and
who would not do itacting disinterestedly in trust
for the nation ? 1 think, sir, that this is one of the
greatest enterprises of the age, the opening of a
railroad from the Pacific ocean to the northern
lakes.
I look upon a northwestern railroad from the
neighborhood of the great lakes to the Pacific
ocean as a great and useful enterprise. It may
seem and comparatively isa barren one, as its track
lies through a country almost wholly uninhabited.
Nor does the settlement nnd cultivation of the
country seem probable, hardly possible, until such
a road is built, it can hardly be denied that the
settlement of that vast region is among the most
desirable objects which an American statesman
can contemplate. To those who have but super-
ficially examined the subject, the Northwest, from
the forty-sixth degree of north latitude to the Can-
ada line, seemsableak, barren waste, scarcely ca-
pable of impioveinent. Yet the facts are very dif-
ferent. The territory north of Nebraska contains
a sufficient quantity of arable and grazing land to
make eleven or twelve States as large as Virginia
or Pennsylvania. A considerable part of it is
rocky and mountainous, but not a larger propor-
tion, I think, than of those States. The-balance
of it, along the river bottoms and vast valleys,' its
very ferule, producing wheat, rye, corn, bailey,
and oats of excellent quality, potatoes and grass
of a very superior kind and ui great abundance.
But the mountainous and unculuvable parts will,
like the rocky regions of Pennsylvania, be'the
richest part of the territory. Already gold has
been discovered in many parts ot it. rfhe richest
diggings on the continent are sard to be in Idaho.
Placers have been found almost or quite to the
Canada line.
On John Day's river have been discovered the
richest quartz leads outside of California. Cap-
tain Mullan asserts that this region of our unoc-
cupied country is now " sending to our mints as
mucn gold as California in her palmiest days."
This seems hardly credible, and yet I know of"
no higher authority than Captain Mullan. Iron
ore and copper are abundant; bituminous coal
has been discovered in several places. Petroleum,
cinnabar, cannel coal, coal oil springs, and sul-
phur have been found on the Yellow Stone and
other streams. (Mullan's Report, 45.) This is
destined, probably, to become one of the richest
mining regions of the world. The valleys along
the route of the road will not, I suppose, be capa-
ble of producing sufficient food for the numerous
miners, but the mountains flatten down so that the
country north of a direct line is nearly all of it
level, and very rich soil. The only objection to
it is the climate. But that does not affect the small
grains nor grasses; indeed it is believed to be the
best grazing country on the continent. Sheep
thrive and multiply amazingly, even on thespurs
of the Rocky mountains. In ail the valleys corn
ripens better than in Minnesota and Vermont. As
you descend the water-shed toward the Pacific
the valleys widen, and the quantity of cultivable
land increases. The country around Walla-Walla
and beyond it becomes level and rich. I do not
suppose the road would stop at the Columbia
river, nor seek the ocean in the neighborhood of
its mouth; it would probably run to Pug-et sound,
near Seattle, where is the best harbor on the Pa-
cific. I do not suppose that at once it would
attract much trade from the East Indies, from Ja-
pan and China, but it will not be long before a
very important country will be developed which
lately belonged to China but now to Russia,which
is drained by the waters of the Amoor river.
This road would be the nearest outlet for the trade
of that great country.
The value of our northwestern possessions de-
pends upon their beingpopulated,and theirpopu-
lation depends wholly on the construction of such
a road.
1 do not speak of the value of our public land#
as a source of revenue. That never was of much
importance compared with the value of its prod-
ucts. Now they have ceased to be of any mar-
ketable value. How, then, can the road be built?
As I said, the company named in this bill is
composed of some of the most substantial and
enterprising men in the eastern States, and they
pledge themselves to build it if this bill passes.
Important as is the enterprise, the committee were
un willing to give any grant of lands by the United
States as was done to the Union Pacific road; but
they felt willing to give them almost any amount
of land along the route. By doing so, we really
gave away nothing, as the whole of it may be
now taken by settlers without paying anything
to the Government. The committee feel suie tUat
this is the quickest way of settling it.
Nor is there any danger that settlement will be
retarded by the high price which the company
will put on the lands. Their own interest will
induce them to invite settlement by the lowest
price on agricultural lands, trusting for remunera-
tion to the lots in thetownsand cities which they
may build up along the route, and to the future
products of the road. Nothing could be more
suicidal to them than to delay the cultivation of
the country. They mustexpectto receive a large
portion of their income from the way travel and
the transportation of the products of the soil. True,
as the road progresses their lands will increase in
value and afford them considerable aid.
The practicability of its construction, and of
its working both summer and winter, seem to me
beyond any doubt, it is found that everywhere
until you reach the base of the Rocky mountains
the country is more level than in the middle States,
and the average cost per mile for grading is'much
less. Both on the eastern and western slopes i ivu-
iets rise in the mountains and run into the Mis-
souri river on the east and the Columbia river on
the west, along the valleys of .which, without
much deviation from a direct line, the road could
be located. I do not intend to compare this with
any other route. Between them there should be
no rivalry, no jealousy. But as compared with
the Middle pass or any southern line, it is found
thatahc mountains could be crossed on this line
at an elevation from fifteen hundred to two thou-
sand feet less than on any other. Governor Ste-
vens,on the route surveyed by him, recommends
two tunnels of considerable length in order to keep
down the grade; but later explorations show a
pass further north of equal depression without a
tunnel. The obstruction by snow on whatever
route you take has always been a grave question;
one yet to be solved. Whether the mountain can
be crossed between the thirty-fifth and forty-third
degrees of latitude by locomotives at all times in
the winter is not very clear. If at all, it will prob-
ably be hy laying the superstructure on trestle-
work.
