274
THE CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
January 20,
struggle which has resulted in securing the adhe-
sion of Missouri to the national cause, they have
ever'been in the front rank, staking all upon the
issue, true among the truest.
The allegations set forth in the paperpresented
are to the effect that the military administration
of Genera! Schofield has been persistently and
disgracefully favorablcto rebel sympathizers and
to the disloyal element in our population, at the
expense of the friends of the Federal Government.
It will be remembered thatthis officer wasfirstieft
in command of the department of Missouri by Gen-
eral Halleck, and that he was removed from that
position, after a shorttriaLof his conductof affairs,
by the President, upon the application of a com-
mittee representing gentlemen of high standing in
Missouri, charging him with disloyal practices,
and with not giving a hearty support to the then
struggling nation's cause. In preferring the present
accusation, therefore, the members of our General
Assembly only reiterate and affirm with additional
intensity upon a second experience what was so
forcibly represented in the liist instance. It is a
cumulative case of wrong, of evidence, of com-
plaint. The modes in which outrage is alleged
to have been perpetrated are various—exclusion
from the service, from promotion and employ-
ment of all who had been marked by zeal or for-
wardness in behalf of the Government when it
was a peril and not a payment to bp so signal-
ized; persecution of prominent citizens for their
political faith in freedom;forthesingingof asong
or the cheering a victorious name; intimidation
"or suppression of loyal newspapers and arrest of
their editors for criticising his tyiannies with too
free a speech-, consigning to the dungeons of a mil-
itary prison, upon rebel accusation, gallant offi-
cers who had seen moie battle-fields than lie had
ever gotten stf>ps of undeserved promotion; and
liberating of his own motion to d w<. 11 in the chief
cities traitors convicted by military commission
of smuggling quinine and correspondence to the
enemy.
Touching the matter of the disfranchisement
wrought through las instrumentality, or at least
with lux cognizance, upon the vote of the soUheis
m the field, reference is had to the assumed mili-
tary control of elections as respects judges, voters,
and the disposition of tioops under the sinisUr
influences of a State organization resolute to re-
tain power in defiance of the popular will. Tins
specific feature of the arraignment is a political
one, of which each must judge for himself, but
they who object to such interference of the mili-
tary aim on principle can scarcely indorse it, no
matter to whose advantage exercised. That in
this instance the power, with all accustomed and
unaccustomed appliances, has been used against,
the party ot freedom is proven by the very com-
plaint itself. , The«e gentlemen, loyal themselves
to thvGovnnmcnl of the nation, coworkois be-
side the Administration, would never mike an
issue with its military aim in their own State
without cruel provocation. That fact cairies its
proof along with it. So much for the memorial
of the loyal members of the Legislature whose
names aie signed to this document.
1 now present, in connection with the same
subject-matter, and m continuation of the arraign-
ment, the protest of the more immediate Itepie-
seniatives in Congiess of those who sustain the
Administration and the Government in iVl issoun.
Heio is their statement and remonstrance:
Piutotof Bcnjohn l\ Ldan and oihcis Representative
in Confess fiom lhe Suite ot .Milium, auain: t the eon-
finnation of the nomination ofMajoi Geneial Schofield.
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin : We, the undesigned, rcpie-
senun'i tiuly Jojal cungje^iunal di-at ict-., a-- vvo!l ;i-tie:
loyal citi%en<« oi the State ot Mi^ouii, on the flooi of the
Hou^e oi Representatives of the Thirf}-Uujhtli Congress
do, m the name otsaid distnctsand ot the loyal eit./^n-o!
mh< 1 {state. mo-t bolenmlv protest n«.un>-t the continuation
of tiie i.mk of m<uoi geneial conferred, by appointment by
hi-* excelieney the Piesident of the Umt< d States, upon
igadn r General J. M. Schofield, and will ever protect, in
{heir name-;, for the following icnso.!1-: the loyal citizens ot
the nnhtaty dcpaitment ot Missouii, with ourselves, aie
not t.un iliar wiMi (m known to) any act of Brigadier Gen-
i ial Sl boih'ld which merits even the innk ne now holds".
Fiom the unie Geneial IJalleck left^t. Louis to takecom-
mand ot the,ami} before Oornnh, in the spung of 1F02, mi-
ni Geneial Cuun  assumed command ot the do^aiiiuem of
thu Mis«-onri, about October, 1862,General Hehoiield, a*, thi-
ll iet rommanaer, had unlimited eontrol of mshtaiy affans
in Ms-i-oun, and his adimnistiatiou proved a most signal
faihue. isoite>, in nojthrnsuMissouri, wa^ a!low< d t>'col-
lect in the fcuaunex or 1SC2. a band ot guemJias numbering
some live oi si\mousijnd, with winch he ravaged the coun-
ty and mmdeied thciCrVflj eiuzeiis io> a jonsrspaec of tune.
Poindexter, in the central pai t of the State, north of the M is-
souri river, had a similar bind of about sixteen hundred,
with which lie committed all kinds ofoutragesoit thelojal
citizens;. The southeast and southern border of Mw?oun
were, foi all practicable purposes, in the hands of the rebels.
In August, Coffee, Cocknll, and others, weie allowed to
inarch a huge force into the liver 'counties on the west of
the State, and defeated the Federal force? in the disastrous
battle of Lone Jack, in which our loss, was, in killed and
wounded, very meat. The rebels, after collecting a laige
number of recruits and conscripts and great quantities of
booty, were allowed to ietreat without serious loss.
On General Cuitis's arrival in Missouri a change was ef-
fected at once. Vigoious measures foi the prompt punish-
ment oi guerrillas, bushwhackers, and rebels, and their sym-
pathizer, were adopted.
The enemy felt the necessity of changing their location,
and loyal men began to realize that they weie once more
under "the piotccting influence oi the flag of our country.
Shortly after General Curtis assumed command in Mis-
souri. Geneial Schofield, at his request, was relieved of
the command of the distnct of Missoui i and assigned to the
command of the auny ol'the fiontier. This army was Kept
i-eiy active in marching and eountermaichmg between
Sp; mcli'dd, Missouri, and Favetteville, Aikansas,and with-
out any pi actieal results, nntd indisposition compelled Gen-
eial Schofield to ictne fiom the head ol the auny of the
fiontiet and return to St. Loins. This providential inter-
lerenee resulted in the splendid victory of Pranie Giove,
gained untlei the gallant lead of Major Gencials Blunt and
Ilorion, and which resulted in breaking up the oigaimod
rebel army in northwest Arkansas, and m driving most ot
its scattered fragments to the south of the Arkansas river.
Perhaps diluted with his want of success on the wo-st
sideot the Mississippi rivet, it was undeistood that General
Schofield, at his own request, was transferred to a command
m the department of the Cumberland, where it was hoped
bis scientific acquneineuts,guided and directed by compe-
tent commanders, would prove beneficial to Ins country.
It 1-5 not known that the hope was ever realized. Without
any brilliant action to attract the attention of the country
to General Seholield, and to the astonishment of all loyal
men of the West, Geneial Schofield, notwithstanding the
non-action ol the'Scnateupon his nomination to be majoi
general, i* called from the army of the Cumberland to su
per-ede Geneial Cuitis, and to assume command over the
lield of his toimer failures. Generals Munt and Henon,
both of whom had won tbeii promotion for gallantry on I he
field, and who^r nominations as mnjoi geneials hail been
confirmed by the Senate, were subordinated to this olli
eer.
On assuming the command of the department, the quiet,
peace, and otdei established by the judicious adunnistia-
iiini ot Geneial t^iirtis, and the tense of security lolt b\
loval and law-abiding citizens, ontnely di--appeau.fi, and
once ninrc the rebeKand mpathizers rejoiced in their tt i-
uuiph. fhidei ins adiui initiation, Fedeul authonty
' ouu was entnely suboidm.ucd to Mate idle,ami the whole
was tint eted by a pohey in sympathy with icbels, anddi-.-
eiiininaluig a^ainM the lo\ al sentiment of the State.
(Jndi i tinsadinmistiation Fedeialguns,asa geneial mle,
in western iMi-- oiiri,and it !-• believed throughout the State,
nave been intrusted to the iuituKot those in sympathy with
the rebellion, to the almost entire exclusion of those of
known loyalty. And one ot the consequence-, resulting
theielroni" was, that a band of guemllas, miiiio fifteen hun-
dred in number, penetrated to the city ot Hoonville, the
geographical center of (he State, mmdering the citizens,
and plundenng,burning, and dcstro\ ingpiopeii.v alomjtbcu
ionic. Another was tl^e ma^saeie and desnuetion ot piop-
eitv at. Lawrence-—au act of fiendish atioeity and savage
baibaiity that cannot find a paiallel in the annals oi any
eounm . It is tiue that General Schofield ha-tened to the
vi( inii'v of this eiitel tiaLre,dy,and aruved without unneces-
sary del,is'; but if i-^ not known, fiom any otheial l cpoit that
ha-' been made public,that any other or further action u a*,
taken than to >- o ar lange tl;e tioop-s aioni; the we-tem bound-
ary of IVl ls-om i as to furnish the protect ion to the gueinllas,
as they i en eared into Missouii, tiomihe pui. u mg citizens ot
Kans.i-, who had haslih hucna^cmbh tl toavenge I he ioul
enmes pei pet ated upon their citizens and luend->; and he
felegiaphed uiumjihantly.fiom the western bolder, to Lieu
tenant (ioveinor Hull, that i iloetual means bad been iak<Mi
to picv< nt the invasion of Mi^oun by the oit./ens of Kan-
sas. It w to be legietred that equal eneigy and zeal had
n<>t been s!:o\\n to have kept Uli^ouri gueinllas out ot
Kansas. I n a vvoi d. Geneial Sch on eld's admun-trat ion in
Mi-s(,ui i ha< ie~.ii'ted in nucule, discoid, and conm-ion,
and to the de-tiaction ot the best inteiestsot the lo^ al peo-
ple of the State. In tact, thesC outiage^, wiong-, and in-
jini('B aie so e.\ce-sivc that the Hou-e ot Il<;pies''utative=
ot tile Legislature of Mis&ouri, now in session, have ap-
pointed a select committee, among other things, to inves-
tigate and leport upon these wiong-and outlaw's. A icpoit
Iiom this committee may b>^ cxpoeted m about two week^,
at which time oiheial infoimauon in iclatiou to the imh-
taiy misiuleiu Missouri can be laid before the Senate.
Yen respectfully, jour obedient seivants,
BEXJ. F. LOAN,
J. \V. MeCLURG,
S. II. BOYD,
HEXIIY T. BLOW.
The honorable gentlemen whose names are ap-
pended, and who so ably represent a large part of
Missouri in the other branch of this Congiess,
have stated their grounds of complaint in language
whose point, succinctness, and direct bearing J
could not improve upon, and that I will not at-
tempt to amplify. It will be sufficient to say, if
I am correctly informed, that in regatd to the part
taken by General Schofield mthe M marchingand
countermaiching" in the Southwest, and foi acts
of omission and commission not necessary here
to recite, he v/ili be made the subject ofchaiges
preA rred and a court martial demanded by a
brother officer high in the confidence of the people
of the West. To the other branch of tins protest
which relates to the arming of rebels and rebel
sympathizers in Missouri, their eniollment into
distinct companies, and their being intrusted with
the keeping of watch and ward over their loyal
neighbors, disarmed and disbanded, I wish to add
a supplement. It is a communication united in by
all the members of this Congress from the State
of Iowa, representing that this teriorism has even
crossed the border and disturbed the quietude of
their own State. I will read it, that Senators may
know how others of neighboring States, men of
unbiased judgment, of pure standing, and large
intelligence contemplate and regard this military
administration of General Schofield in Missouri:
Iloosr. of Kepresentativits, January 8, 186d.
To the Loyal Delegation in Congress from the State of Mis-
souii :
The undeisicned, of the delegation from Iowa in Congress,
and whose congressional distnets bolder some three bun-
died miles upon the State of Missouii, have received in-
foimauon which gives them some alarm for the peacc of
the bolder. The&e icpi cremations, from responsible aouiees,
are to the e trect that known and notorious rebels, who had
returned fiom the lebel asnues into Missouri, had been fui-
nished with arms under the authonty of Goveiuoi Gamble
or General Schoficld. and actually organized into com-
panies: and that such organizations aiefound in the coun-
ties dangerottslv near the State line of Jovva. A few border
military companies exist in Iown, uudei State authonty,
baiely sufficient in riumbei to keep the peace against rebel
sympatluzeis on either side of the line. Some outrages
have been aheady committed m the southern tier of coun-
ties in Iowa, indicating the continued existence of the icbei
secret organizations. Our constituents are iiimly of the
opinion that the threatened danger is solely attributable to
the existing regulations in Missouii, which keep parties,
lo>al and disloyal, anti-slavery and pio-slavery, so nearly
balanced, and the latter so well armed, that affray*, rob-
beries. and slaughter may at any time break forth, not only
in Mis'sonu. but acioss the border in oui State. The feel-
ing i* such that m =ome boidcrcouniies of Iowa, vye are ad-
vised, petitions are eiiculating foi the removal of Geneial
Schofield, to whom they assign the responsibility for this
penlous condition of the cotoiminou« toiritoiy.
We believe that peunanent peace will not be established
there until one paitv or the other m Missouri, pro-slavery
01 anu-&laveiy,disU)v al or loyal, shall-jam an acknowledged
supiemnev in authonty and m numbers. We ask jou.gen-
tlemen, who have the risht to be heaid at Washington, to
counsel measines which will preserve ordci and law, where
the\ can onlv be found, under the eontiol ol men who of-
fer blood and treasuie to save the countiy, not under the
armed inteitcience of men who have offered blood and
tieasute to destioy the countiy.
The feeling in our districts i« increasing in intensity.
Our people lesent the indigmtj of arming again their old
enemies on the boidei; and we wain, through you. the State
\ou represent of the coming danger, if the enemy whom
om troops have conquered at the iiont is sent to the icar
onlv to be rearmed there to our gieatei peril.
We are, veiv respecitully, your obedient servants,
JOHN A. KASSON, Fifth District.
JAMES F. WILSON, Fust District.
J. B. GIUNNELL, Fourth Disbud.
The undersigned, being membeis of Congress from the
State of Iowa, concur m the loregomg statements.
II PRICE. SccojiJ District.
WILLIAM 15. ALLISON, Third District.
A. W. HUDliAUD, Sixth District.
A statement so full and so significant cannot, I
am persuaded, be without its influence upon the
minds of Senators., The armmgof rebels and rebel
sympathizers in Missouii on the ground that am-
nesty to them implies protection; that to return
them and protect them in the sections desolntcd by
their treason requires they should be armi-d in self-
defense; that to aim them thus in the midst of a
loyal population equally armed would result in
conflict inevitably; tiiat, theieforc, to pieserve the
peace, it is further necessary to disarm the loyal
population—all this may be very logical from the
premises, but it has this one fatal defect, that, it
suboidmates the rights and securities, the lives
and the fortunes of "the conquerors in this war to
a futile, faithless conciliation of the men of treason.
One other matter deserves mention here. The
days past have been few since an honorable* Sen-
ator from Minnesota felt called upon to introduce
a resolution in this body to elicit information and
compel justice to soldiers of his State confined in
jail at Jefferson City, under this same regime, and
in pursuance of a kindred policy that would pun-
ish as a crime hostility to slavery in Missouri.
The case is not an isolated one, as was well attest-
ed by the Senator from Kansas. The blue-eyed
northern boy marching from his far-away homo
to confiont a rebellion contending for mastery of
the State—his heait aglow, peihaps, with tradi-
tions of freedom—(Inds transgression against the
slave code visited with umdentipg harj>hm ss,
while oblivion drapes a corresponding breach of
the ailieh'3 of war.
