THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
the two Houses on House bill No. 450, for the
repair and preservation of certain public works
of the United. States, reported that the committee
after full and free conference had agreed to recom-
mend to then* respective Houses as follows: that
the Senate recede from its three amendments to
the bill.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the report of the con-,
ference committee was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. ELIOT, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
Senate bill No. 2G6, to prevent smuggling:, and
for other purposes, reported that the committee
had met, and after full and free conference had
agreed to recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
1. That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
amendment of the House of Reptesentatlves, and agree to
the same witli the following amendment:
Strike out the word *' oon^uku " liefon; the word "offi-
cers,*' so that the elau.se wilt read, "may apply to any
officer of the United States duly auiliori/ed to act in the
promises."
2. That the House of Representatives atjiee to the amend-
ment o( the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish the gentleman from
Massachusetts to put into English that report of
the conference committee, for I confess that 1
never can understand tin* repoit of a committee
of conference.
Mr. ELIOT. I will state in reply to the gen-
tleman from New York that the hill as now agreed
to is precisely the same bill [Kissed by the llouse
the other day, with the exception of one word,
that is the word ''consular." Theio is a pro-
vision m the bill for the examination of goods
before they come into the country, that they are
to be examined by a consular ollicer of the Uni-
ted States. J>ut tbeie i-eemed it) be some little
question when the con.sui leca ntly appoint! d may
come into full official lilt*, and it was thought
better to leave out the word " consular," so that
m \v any officer of the United States duly author-
ized for that purpose may do the work; which
had been assigned to the consular offices.
Mr. BROOKS. It is substantially the House
bill?
Mr. ELIOT. Exactly.
The leport was agieed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the icport was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Ml^SAGK FUOM TUH SJBNATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Fornky, their Secretaiy, notify ing the J louse
that the {Senate have agreed to the report of the
committee of eonft retiee on Lhe bill of the House
(No. 4">0) !<> provide for the repair and preserva-
tion of certain public works of the United States.
Also, that the Senate have passed without
at He i id ui< til u joint resolution (II. It. No, 110)
lo dei iau tin. e.onsti net ion of ajoinf. lesoludon
foi the leiirf of VV. Ij. Matchett, approved June
20, 166-1
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of confluence f*?i the bill of the
Senate (N*>. J2(j(>) to prevent smuggling, and for
other pui poses.
Also, (hut the Senate have passed a bill of the
House (No. 554) to provide for the improve-
ment ot the grounds of the Government hospi-
tal for the insane, by an exchange of land, with-
out amendment.
Also, that the Senate have passed a joint res-
olution (S. No. 6G) providing for adjustment of
the accounts of Henry W. Diman.
CONSCRIPTION ISILh—AGAIN.
Mr. MALLORY. During the last Congress,
when this subject was first introduced into tins
House, 1 availed myself of the opportunity to
express somewhat at length my views upon it.
Those views are now recorded m the Globe, and
I hope the House will now pardon me for a mo-
ment if I lefer to what 1 said on that occasion.
I took the ground then and 1 entertain tin? opin-
ion now, that the very woist pohey which this
Government could adopt is the policy of attempt-
ing to enforce a conscription instead of calling for
voluntary enlistments, and the result of your ex-
periment proves the correctness of that opinion.
About the time when 1 uttered that conviction, or
a short time before, a distinguished member of the
Senate of the United States, the chairman of the
Military Committee of that body, had stated'that
volunteering was progressing so rapidly in the
United States it must be stopped, and the Govern-
ment did stop it.
At that time the policy of the Government was
well known. It was a policy which my vener-
able colleague, at that time sitting here by my
side, had expressed in a resolution known as the
Crittenden resolution, which was almost unani-
mously adopted by this House in 1861, and upon
which policy we all understood the Government
was determined to live or die. It was upon that
policy that volunteering was ptogiessing so rap-
idly that the distinguished leader of the Military
Committee m the Senate declared it must be
.stopped. And what was that policy > Was it that
winch was so significantly and forcibly pointed
out by the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
the Military Committee of this House, [Mr.
Sciiknck,j in the remarks which he submitted to
this body this morning? Was it the cruel and
bloody policy which he indorses, and in which
he wants the Government to perseveie gainst
the people of the South ? Was it the policy of
despoiling the white people of the revolted Slates
of every dollar they have on eai t h, i educing them
to beggary and absolute want? Was it the policy
of saying to that people, " We deny to you the
right of self-government even if you lay down
your arms and submit to the Constitution and
laws ol the United States; we strip you of every-
thing you possess, we will deprive you of every
privilege, of evciy unht which fieemen do and
ought, to hold siuued Was it the policy of ex-
terminating or driving from their homes the entire
u lute tace of the South, and supplying its place
with a fice black race r Was t hat the policy ? No,
sii, it was one of conciliation and lov'e. U was
one tending to teach these people that this Gov-
ernment still regarded them as brethren, as men
woithy of being fiee citizens of a tiee Govern-
ment; it was a policy winch required that degree
of coeicioii necesstu y to cause them to yield
obedience to the Constitution and laws of the
United States, but which when that was accom-
plished was to be abandoned and conciliation and
kindness practiced instead. It wus a policy which
accompanied the power of arms with thedeclara-
tion made and -reiterated that, If you will lay
down your arms and yield willing obedience as
citizens to the Constitution and laws, you shall
have every i ight you ever enjoyed under the Con-
stitution of the United States and your own
States as perfect and as intact as though you had
never engaged m tins rebellion."
Sir, I asseit hete that that was the policy pro-
claimed by the Government when the people of
this nation rushed as one man to the icseue of
our Hag and the vindication of our Constitution
and laws. Does any man deny that fac.tr It is
history, sir, it cannot be denied; it cannot be
1 evaded; it is truth. Y« s, su, it was when under
that policy voluntc'eis weie pouting in to the
Government m a steady stream in number* so
great that fears weie entertained for the Treasury,
that they were stopped, topped that the Govern-
ment mi'^hf not he taxed to maintain more sol-
dieis than it had need for. It was not long after
that time that a set of factious Governors of
! noi thern States, after having, in conjunction with
| leading radical traitors, in vam urjjedand pressed
1 the President to change this policy, met at Al-
. toona, in the State of Pennsylvania, and in foi med
the Piesideut that auks* his policy was changed,
unless the extermination of slavery was made
the object, and purpose of the War and not the
i restoration of the authority of the Constitution
| and laws over the lebeliious States, that it slav-
1 ery was not put m piocess of extirpation they
! would stop the war, that not one of their States
| would rally tn the standatd we had raised for
! the purpose of vindicating the Constitution and
' the laws. Then, as if by magic, the policy of
i the Govei nmeot changed.
I Mr. FAitNSWOitTH rose.
! Mr. MAI.LORY. I cannot yield. Thr.vebut
! a shoit time m sneak, and f dech:;^ to ml-~r-
Mr. FARNSWORTPI proceeded to address
the House, but was interrupted by cries of
"Order!"
Mr. MALLORY. I claim my right to speak,
and call the gentleman to order.
1 say, Mr. Speaker, that it was that meeting
offactious Governorsat Altoona, and the pressuie
they then brought to bear, and had previously
with others brought to bear, on the President of
the United States—who is weaker than a mail
ought to be who sits at the head of our Govern-
ment and holds the reins of power m a nation *
like the United States—that caused him to aban-
don his original policy, which was successful,
which was admirable, and to take up^that other
policy which has failed,and which gentlemen on
the other side acknowledge to have failed.
Sir, the policy we are now acting on, that cruel
and relentless policy, was the one substituted for
that noble and Christian one upon which the Gov-
ernment had been proceeding. The policy upon
which we are now acting is that policy which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] said must
be persisted in, even if it lead to extermination,
rum, and everything that is horrible.
The other gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] sung a "very different song to-day from
that which he gave us a few days ago when this
subject was up. He declared boldly at that time
that if this clause allowing commutation money
was not stricken out of the Lull you would cease
to fill your armies, you would cease to have sol-
diers, that Grant would come to a deadlock-at
Petersburg and Sherman at Atlanta; and that if
yon dcieimmed upon this policy you might as
well determine to give up the war and recognize
the southern confedei^sy. That was his declara-
tion then, but he has poudeied the matter since and
become nunc prudent. He now says that lie be-
lieves it will oot stop the war to msiston the'eom-
mutatiou clause, but that it will go on more lan-
guidly than it is now progtessing.
He u! let cd a declamatory tirade about the glory
and power of this Union and the glory and power
of Kngland. He spoke of the struggle of Eng-
land under an able ministry against Napoleon.
1 le extolled the skill and valoi of the leaders and
statesmen of that little empire, in all of which I
heartily concui. He spoke of the opposition then
waged against that ministry under the lead ofthe
gioat Fox; and triumphantly exclaimed, "You
have no lynxes on that side ot the House !'' Well,
sir, is there a Pitt on Ins side of this House ?
Is thete a Pitt in the picsidential chair, or in the
Cabinet? If there be a Putamong you, where is
he, and who is he? Is the gentleman who claims
to represent the other side on this question the
PitL of this day and hout ? Dunng the whole tune
that contest was maintained in the British House
of Commons that great h ader never made such an
admission as that gentleman made the other day
upon this floor, that if a certain act was not
passed just as he wanted it, the war would cease,
and an inglorious peace be concluded. Igo further,
and say that that great leader never proposed
such u'schenie as> tnat offered by the othei gen-
tleman fiom Ohio [Mr. JSciienck] to tins House
to-day.
Notwithstanding what the gentleman ftom Ohio
has said on the subject, I asseit that England dur-
ni"- all the wars she has can led on down to the
present time has never lesorted to the practice of
consciiptton. That was introduced by Napoleon,
lie was the inventor of the system. Ktigland
never practiced it before, and never hus since,
ami did not practice it for the purpose of filling
up her armies which were exhausted by bet wars
with Napoleon.
S.i, I go fui tlier, and s iy that this system upon
i. which this Government is now acting was never
M practiced by it befoio ns its history. Diumgthe
j whole long struggle of the Revolutionary war,
| when the powers of three million people were
j taxed to their utmost to icsist the powerof twenty
! millions, when Britain was throwing her legions
| upon our shores to compel the submission of her
colonies, the Congress never icsorted toconscnp-
,j uon foi the purpose of filling up the at mica.
There wee uiafts in some of the States to a hiu-
}i ited extent, it was a diaft of the militia of those
1| St \tef, b'tt the power was never asserted by the
. Ho i/.. s- . <>vtn under tne plea of a mih'aiy no-
Lj ces.my, or hrrau.-a. it was indispensable to save
0 the nation," during the whole of that war, to con- A
