1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQip.
script its citizens and force them to become sol-
diers in the Army.
That power was never exercised during the
war of 1812 by the General Government. It was
then denied that it existed under the Constitution
of the United Slates at all; it was acknowledged
to exist in the States. They drafted fr-om their
militia and furnished to the Government of the
United States the soldiers so drafted; but when
that was done they were commanded by officers
commissioned by the Governors of the several
States.
I admit that in the Constitution power is given
to Congress to call into the service the militia of
the several States; but when that is done the Con-
stitution expressly reserves to the Governors of
the several Statestherighttoofficerthemilitia. In
the war of 1812 the Government acted upon that
principle and acknowledged it. An attempt was
made during its continuance by the Federal Ojov-
ernment to conscript or draft; but the effort, as
gentlemen from the New England States know
full well, was given up; and if my memory serves
me correctly, it was done upon the remonstrance
of leading statesmen of that region. Mason of
New Hampshire was a violent opponent of the
scheme. It was reserved to this day, for this
Congress, for this Administration, as I have
charged, to resort to that system of raising armies,
and that, too, not long after the leader of the Gov-
ernment m the Senate, the chairman of its Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, had announced that
soldiers were volunteering and being enlisted so
rapidly that it must be stopped; and it was stopped.
You abandoned a policy under the operation of
which volunteer soldiers were obtained in such
numbers that you had to stop them and resorted
to another and entirely antagonistic one, under
which volunteering ceased, your armies rapidly
diminished, and to replenish them you resorted
to forced levies.
Well, sir, how have you fared since? You
have changed your conscription act of the last
Congress to one less mild passed early this ses-
sion, and now propose by this bill to make it still
more rigorous; and are still in pressing need of
more volunteers. 1 tell you you would not have
need for so many soldiers at this time if you had
not adopted the malignant policy now practiced
by the Government, which has made the entire
people of the South a unit in opposition to the
Government of the United States and in support
of the rebellion. Ay, it not only made the peo-
ple of the South a unit in their determination to
adhere to the rebellion and sever the Union, but
it destroyed everything like unity of sentiment
in the loyal States.
From that time you have had difficulties and
dissensions. Up to that time men of all political
parties and of every class united in a common
effort to bring into the armies of the United Slates
voluntarily as many soldiers as that Government
indicated that it wanted. Since then you have
found that interest flagging and falling back and
back. The promise of the Governor of Massa-
chusetts to the President that if he would utter
the emancipation decree hundreds of thousands
of men from the valleys and the lulls of thatState
would rush to his standard, has not been realized.
Those obtained from lnm have not rushed from
the valleys and hills of Massachusetts, it is said,
but have been procured by influences othei than
patriotic ones from other lulls and valleys than
those of that State, and in numbers notcoinmon-
surate with the boastful promise of that lugh
official. Numbers of negroes have been fur-
nished by that old State in lieu of her white men,
not " native and to the manner boin,"but enticed
by bounties fiom other States that ought to be
credited with them, while her white men have
been carefully kept at home to pursue the more
profitable and safe paths of commerce, and manu-
facture,and agriculture—a shift very creditable to
the shiewdness and love of gain of the sons of
the Bay Slate, whatever may be said of its hon-
esty, patriotism, and bravery.
Mr DAWES. Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr' MALLORY. No,sir, thegentleman must
excuse me. 1 respectfully decline yielding to the
gentleman from Massachusetts. 1 have said not.i-
lng of a personal character. .
Air Speaker, it is not by conscription that yo.i
are going to end this war. You will never do it.
You have made the necessity of mcieasing your
Army by this cruel and relentless policy you
have proclaimed against the revolted Statesofthe
South; and now you turnaround and on therec-
ommeodation of the President and Secretary of
War and the chairman of the Military Committee
of this House propose to lay your hand upon the
people of the loyal States as heavily and relent-
lessly as you have laid it upon the people of the
rebel States. You seem to regard this, not as a
Government of the people, but as something cre-
ated by some power superior to the people and
having rights over them which they have never
conceded to' it.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
went so far as to say that he would prbsecute
this war with fire and sword for thirty years if ne-
cessary, if every man had to yield up his life and
every particle of his property to the United States
to carry it on; and another gentleman backed
him up by the declaration that the Government
had a right to'the life of every man and to every
dollar, ay, to every cent which any one owned
within the limits of the United States. I would
like some able political economist to compute the
value of a Government in human life. Is the
Government as it exists to-day worth the lives
of all its people ? Is it worth the lives of half its
population ? When a war has been prosecuted
to save a Government until the lives of all its
citizens are lost who will be left to enjoy it; to
whom will it be of value? I say to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] that this Gov-
ernment is one created by the people and admin-
istered by officers sent here by them to carry it
on for their own good; and the man who under-
takes to tell the people of this country that they
shall not control their Government, but shall be
the victims and subjects of it, cannot stand before
their just indignation.
Mr. Speaker, the iron hand of oppression, of
ciuelty, of deprivation of property and life to
utter extermination, has been laid upon theSouth
by your unconstitutional legislation, and the ar-
mies by which you are executing it. The same
system of despotic oppression is now proposed
boldly and openly by the member from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] to be applied to the free and
loyal citizens of the United States. He says to
them, "You have no right to refuse to serve in
the Army; we not only deny you the right so to
refuse,'but we require you to be willing slaves to
the edicts and orders of this Government." Thq
theory of the gentleman from Ohio is that this
Government has a power of inherent and abso-
lute authority, not derived from tile people, but
which sprang into existence by some hocus-pocus,
some magic or miracle, and that it is authorized to
tyrannize over the people and use them for every
and any purpose which itmay think proper. He
seems to think that the great mass of our people
weie born with saddles on their backs, and the
privileged few who administer the Government,
booted and spurred, to ride them legitimately by
the grace of God. I deny the theory. Iwillnot
argue against it; it is not worth an argument. The
simple statement of it carries with it its refutation.
Sir, you cannot succced on this theory. You
are disposed to lulc and control with a ruthless
hand the people of the United States. You are
disposed by this and other stringent tyrannical
laws to deny them the right to exercise any dis-
cretion in the matter of serving in the Army.
Every tnan conscripted must shoulder the mus-
ket and march. You change the Killing volun-
teer, who carries an earnest spiritinto thecontest,
for the forccd conscript, who goes into it "l|ke
the whipped slave scourged to his dungeon. You
have demeTl to the people's Representatives on
th's floor the right to indicate, even if it were ne-
cessary, their desne that the war shall stop and
the southern confederacy be established. You
want by tliis bill to deny them any right or choice
to evade military service. '1 he time may come
soon, if this power is exercised without protest,
without resistance, that the entire people of the
countrv, almost without regard to age, will be
levied en masse, and marched down to be hurled
! on those legions that have air ady destroyed so
j many precious lives. I tell you, sir, the day of
i leckonlllg is appioaching. I warn that side of
i the tin use that on the ides of November thepeo-
! pie will rise in their majesty and right and say to
' every public seivant heie who has refused to ac-
| knowledge this as their Government, cieated foi
their benefit, " Depart from us. We never knew
you." ' The people will hurl you from poiitiotis
of trust whieh you have abused. They wilHiuvl
from power the Administration in whose -haritjs
you want to perpetuate it, and put in its pla6e_
men who appreciate the Government and under-'
stand the rights of its free citizens. - ' '
Mr. Speaker, another cause of the necessity for
this conscription, qf the reluctance of the free
citizens of the United States to enter the Army,
and of the necessity for this resort to absolute
force to make them enter the Army,-arises from
a persistent effort made by the party on that side
of the House and by the Administration to raise
the negroes of the country to a level with white
men; the negro soldiers to equality with the
white soldiers, and even to a superiority over
them. I do not believe that the free white sol-
dier of the land will be satisfied that you, in
the plenitude of your power and might over all
the citizens of the United States, bond and free,
shall place alongside of him, with equal rations,
and equal pay, and equal privileges, and equal
dignities, the sable son of Africa, with aE his
essential attributes. I charge that that is the
effort which this party and this Administration
have engaged in, to elevate the negro. And I
charge that since the time that system was com-
menced you have obtained scarcely any volun-
teers. That, perhaps, is the reason why the
promise of the distinguished Governor of Mas-
sachusetts, that if the emancipation and negro
equality policy were adopted the citizens of Mas-
sachusetts would march by thousands from every
valley and lnll-top, was not observed. I assert
now that for every slave or negro you place in
the Army of the United States you have lost the
services of^t least ten white volunteers. What
an exchange! The compelled, reluctant, stupid
negro for the willing, free, intelligent white man!
Now, I feel that the service of the white man
is equal to that of the negro. 1 believe that the
white man is.the equal of the negro. I do not be-
lieve that we can afford to lose a white man for
every negro enlisted in the Army of the United
States. How can you afford to make the ex-
change? In this contest victory has not always
peiched on your standard when you presented
your Best and bravest, because willing, white men
to the opposing forces of the enemy. Do you in-
crease your chances of success when you substitute
the reluctant, compelled conscript for the volun-
teer? Do you not lose all chance when you sup-
plant the white man with the n'egro, without his
courage and without his intelligence? You have
not only decided on this change and enlisted the
negro, and by so doing diminished the ardor of the
white man to engage in his country's service, but
you have changed and deepened that reluctance
into disgust by the porsistcnteffort of the Admin-
istration for months past by every means in its
power, not only to blazon the deeds of the negro
soldier and assert his equality with the white
in all that makes the soldier admirable, but to
elevate him above the white soldierin all soldieily
qualities. 1 protest against this in the name of
the free white, patriotic soldier. I protest against
this insult to the maifiiood and history of the
white race. The Administration lias exhibited
this partiality in favor of the black race in a man-
ner most marked and disgraceful.
When the Army was sent into Virginia under
Grant, to take.possession of Richmond, and to
destroy the army ol General Lee, which was to be
done m so summary a way, theie was attached to
Burnside's corps a large number of negroes. You
all remember their triumphal march through this
city, and the plaudits showered upon them by
the radicals, with ihe President at their head.
Burnside did not use them m battle. He kept
them behind him to guard the camp, to take care
of the baggage trains, and to fill oilier subordi-
nate positions of that sort. He did not believe
them quite as good as the while soldier, not so
brave, not so efficient as soldiers; he curbed their
ardor, and held them back.
Giant moved from the Wilderness to Chancef-
lorsville, after long-con tinned and bloody fighting,
in which thousands of our bravo white solujeja
sealed their devotion to their country with their
blood, and thousands were brought back to Witsn-
liio-ton 10 languish under painful wounds, wo
looked and listened in vain for some news ol the
daring of our sable Koldterr>  He tought despe-
