1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
Mr. President, the pith and meaning of all this
protest and memorializing' is to ask that this hon-
orable body, the Senate of the United Strifes,
famed for the piudence of its judgments end the
self-iehance ot its courses, will by no act in this
connection give its indorsement to such a depart-
mental military administration as has been set
forth. The loyal people of Missouri luive suffered
and are still loyal; have been smitten where they
should have met with caress; yet do not have it
in contemplation to forego either their attachment
to freedom or their support of the Government.
They simply ask, and have asked continuously
in the appropriate quarter, that even at this late
day tiie remedy of a change may be applied; but
above all and before all, in the memory of a long
trial and in justice to an unquailmg spirit, they
demand that they shall not be now humiliated be-
fore this nation " with the advice and consent of the
Senate," as would be done by the confirmation of
this nomination.
Mr. President, having leceived these commu-
nications from the Repiesentatives of the State in
the General Assembly and the memheis of Con-
gress in the other House both of my own State
and of Iowa, and numberless letters of like tenor
from various quarters, I have deemed it my duty
that they should be presented to the Senate with
the words of explanation with which I have ac-
companied them. I now submit them and move
that they be laid on the table. I presume it is not
necess it y to print them, as they have already been
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTERS.
"Mr. WILSON, fiom the Committee on Mili-
tary AtTaiis and the Militia, to whom was ic-
ferivd a bill (Si. No. 30) to establish a uniform
system of ambulances in the ai mies of the United
States, repotted if with amendments.
Mt. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 20) extending the benefits of the
bounty granted by the act of July £2, 18GJ, to
ceitam soldn-rs who entered the service of the
United States pnor to May 3, ISO], asked to be
dischai :;ed ft on) i!s fu i til ei considei at ion, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia; which was agreed to.
M r. ANTHONY, from the Commit tee on Print-
ing, to whom was refet red a motion to pi bit fif-
teen hundred copies of the report of S. 13. Iluggles
on the resources of the Unit d States, picsented
to the International Statistical Congiess at Berlin
in September last, reported m favor of punting
the same.
CKXRItVL M'CLKLLAX's REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print five
thousand extra copies of the leport, of General
Geoi «e B. MeClellan, have instructed me to repoi t
it back with an amendment, and to ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be n ad.
The Secietaiy read the resolution, as follows:
Require J, That fi\ c I hon-and eopu:-. of I tic irpo; ( ol Ccn-
t j jiI Utjni <re B. MeCkllan upon l he operations <>t > he aimvnl
the Potomac, leccntly communicated h_\ the irocietaiy ol
War lo ihe llou-eot ilejne&enUtivns, bo punted tar the u-e
(it tlu: tVoatc.
The amendment of the committee is to add the
woi ils:
Without the accompanying dueutnc nt-. an.l map>.
Tiie amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
PAPHU3 "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of?\Ii. ANTHONY, it was
Oidat'(! That the paper* ot' ('aiolmc S. AVilIi.iiii^, ad-
imni-tiati i\ of Thomas P. William-, pouniL' lot the e\-
ifu- .on of a patent, in: taken fj oin the iik^  >r the Senate,
and u icirod to the ConinuLRc on Patmit^ and tlhi Patent
OJiice.
JtEFER]^'CE Of A COMMUNICATION.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. Some time since i in-
troduced a resolution, which was passed by the
Senate, calling upon the Secietary of War for a
leport as to the officers of'the fouith and fifth
Indian regiments. In my absence it came m and
was laid on the table. 1 move that it be referred to
the Commuter on Mditai y Affairs and thcMihtia.
The motion was agreed to.
THE FIRE IN CIIILI.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed lo:
Rtsoh <?</, Thar the Pic-sictent of the United ytate* be rc-
quo£-t"d to communicate to the Senate (if not incompatible
with the public interest) any official mfoimatLou which
may have been'received upon the subject of the recent tie-
stiuetion by fire of tiie church of the Com pailia at Santiago
<le Chili, and t lie efforts of citizens of the United States to
rescue the victim* of the conflagration.
CONCENTRATED EEED,
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
lesolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Rctolvcil, That tiie Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia be ditccted to inctiuie into the facts connected
vvitli the examination, by a board of officer appointed by
tin; (piartet master d-pm intent, into the alleged advantage-*
of'' consent! a ted feed" lot hoi^e< and mule* id the envaity
pet vice j whoihei any tepoif l.ivoiable to its adoption wa-.
made, ami it ?o, wlij Ihe said teed has hoi been n>C(l in the
seivice.
TIIE CONDUCT OF TIIE WAR.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to fake up the concuirent
resolution foi the appointment of a committee on
the conduct of the war, which has been leturned
from the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the resolution. The amend-
ment is to strike out the words u that they have
power to send for persons and papers and to sit
during the sessions ot either House of Congress,
and to employ a stenographer;" and in lieu of
these words to insert the following:
And may further mquneiato all the (,ic«^ and cncum-
f-tanc-'wr'eon!tact.-; andagicetm nt' aheadv made and that
m.'v b" made, and Mi<-h eontiact- and aLoe-Moem- heie.ifiei
to b.' made pilot to the final teputt of the eommitt" e, bv ot
w it 11 .cii_\ d "pat fin cut ot the (x-jv i iiini nt, m <ui_v \vi>e con-
neet"d wuh nr sri owii u: out ol the opeiation1-. nf the (Inv-
ei anient in t-upp; 's-mif tin- rebellion again-t Hi constituted
ami mi ny ; and tiiat the said committee .-nail iiave auihoi-
ity t'> • it dm in? ill" • e- -^ons of either Noiw ot (.'oiigie^
aud duihp.'the it-ccv of ConiNc--. and at Mjeh tune-ami
piae^ a-! <a:d committee -!iatl d< ein piopm, and jil-o to
emploj a ^.eiio^iaphcr as eieiK at tlic u-uai one of eom-
P 'Us.ltlOII
jind be it fttilkn i l •-f>lve<l. That the said committee f-hall
have power to '•end lor pet-on and paper*, and ihnt the
Hi uri-.uit-at-A t uh of the I Ion se or of the Scna'e, the r-md
comimtlee ma.\ duect. shall attend in peison oi | \' < s-Mit-
atii the siitui^s of the sa'd ooimmttce, and sejye ail subpe-
nas put into his hai^ds h> the commiitee,pa\ the lee* ol aii
witnesses and the r.cet s^aiy and piopej c\})ens"^nl the
comimnec.
.'bv! he it fm!hcr iojIi'iL Tli.it theHpenkerol the House
ot the Vice President and 1'te-ident ot the nat( -hall be
aiifliouzi'd to is^ue subpena-* to witness* - (luiiiisr Hie io-
ccss .<! Coiiiries> upon th■ ■ ieque-t oi sin; (M>Mimittec, in the I
Mime niannei as during the ol (.'onines-.. and the '
f-'aid ''oniruitti''! j-hali ha\e authonty to lep^nt in cither j
hiancli ot CoitLrre>> at any time. j
The amendment was concuired in. 1
On motion of Mr. WADE, and by unanimous
consent, the Vice President was authoiized to :
appoint the members of the committee on thepait '
of the Senate. I
HE POUT OF Mil. WEIGHT. j
Til" VICE PRESIDENT laid b<-lore the Semite j
the following- message from the Piesulent of the :
United States: j
Gentlemen of ihe Sevale nntl House of Rejirewnlafivc^: j
in aeeoidanee wiiii a letter addie^cd b\ the HecicMrj' i
of i^iate, with nn a;)ptov<i'. to Hon Joseph A. \Vii:;hf, |
, ot Indiana, tliat p itiK.tic and diMin«iUslied srentleman rc- |
j paned to ihnop< and attended the Intein.itional AloicuI- [
i tmai Exhibition held at UamhurL' bi-t \eai. ami li.is. sniec |
I hi i return, made a icpoi t to m<'. w lu<di it is be!icvt d can- !
1 not tail to be ofgenera! luiijit^t. and <*spe< lall} s<> to the 1
j asncultmal community. I tiausimt foi yom eonsideintioii
I copies of the h'ttei and icpoit. While O appi ais !>y tlir*
' lettei that i;o ie:nihinsrnimi ol e\'p.en-.e- ot compensation
\\a, piomis"d him. 1 sHbmO whCiln t leasonable allowance ]
should not be made him loi them. !
AiJltAIlAM LIVCOLN.
| Janunnj "20. 18G-I. |
j On motion of Mr. SUMXER, the message and
j accompanying rejtoii weie oi (let t*rl to be printed; ;
; and a motion of Mr. I^essendex to print fifteen ,
'• bundled additional copies was referred to the ,
; Committee on Punting;. ;
On motion ot Mr. LANE, of Indiana, the mes- \
; sage and repoi t were rcfeued to the Comnnttec on
| Agriculture. j'
| BILL 1U3COM1-: A LAW.
i A message from the President of the United J|
States, by Mr. Xicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the Tiesident had yesterday approved audi;
signed n bill (S. No, 50) to nuthotize tl^ Fiasi- !'
dpnt to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of
War.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 35) to provide
for the deficiency in the appropriation for the pay
ot officers and men actually employed in the
Western department, or department of Missouri;
and it was signed by the Vice President.
0ATII OF OFFICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no other
morning business, although the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday will not come as the special
order until one o'clock, the Chair will now sub-
mit that to the Senate. The unfinished business
of yes ten day is the resolution of the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] proposing an ad-
ditional i ule of ihe Senate. The question is on an
amendment to timt lesolution, offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.] Upon
that question the Sen.itor from Vermont [Mr.
Collamf.r] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. C0LLAMER. Mr. President, the ques-
tion which demands our attention at the present
time is the legal effect, the constitutional force,
and the regular operation of a certain statutelaw
passed in 1862 tequmng members of the Senate
to take a ceitam oath, prescribed therein, before
enteung upon the duties of their office. The rulfe
now proposed is to requhc all members falling
within its opctation, that w, those who have been
elected since the passage of the act, to take that
oath before pioceedmg further in their duties.
In order to undeistand properly the true intent
and meaning, tin- purpoi t and object of a statute,
it is nec  ssary and proper to take into considera-
tion all the contemporaneous legislation in pari
maletia, aii relating to that subject, passed in or
about that time, beni ing upon each other, i think !
that a large proportion of the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator from Delawaie [Mr. Bayard] have
been made in disregardof that rule. It is also an
old lule of law that when we desire to ascertain
the, tiuo meaning of a statute we aie to take into
consideration the old law, the mischief, and the
remedy—the old law as it existed, the mischief
that existed under it, and the lemedy winch the
pioposed new law contemplated.
In 1802, at the time of the passage of this act,
there were a vatiety of laws relating to this sub-
ject of treason and its (iVect upon thW Govern-
ment. The attempts to  emed y it were all begun
in their incipient stages independent of each other.
Some of them were passed at one period and some
at another. Some of the statutes which were com-
menced first wue ultimately passed after many
others that were commenced afterwaids; but in
ascertaining their purpose and purpott, I take it,
we must look to them all as ia jna i matct ia.
Now what was our tiouble winch wasintended
in some measure to be corrected by these laws,
this one among the othei.s5 1 do not intend to
occupy a gieat deal of time in undertaking a de-
scription of our condition at that time. Up to
the year J8(33,and for several months in that
year, men occupied seats in this Senate and in the
other House, butespecially in this Chamber, who
disclaimed aii allegiance to our Government, who
claimed the ii ht todismemhm that Government
as a constitutional right, who ^et on foot plans to
execute these pin poses, and who openly declared
such to be then purposes They were a body ot
men distinguished for ability, domineering over
the party of which they were in a great measure
a majon'tv, and which party was the dominant
party of'the Senate. They did this defiantly,
menacingly, superciliously. This was the aiena
on which they put foith all their gladiatoual ef-
forts of treason.
The time finally came when those men departed
from this Chambcrand from this oily, as Catiline
did fiom Rome, to go into the country and carry
info olrect by blood the coiupnacy which they
here concocted. They did tro, and we soon
learned, before the year 1862, that they did putiu
operation these their combinations,and th&tthei?
hands were red with the blood of our p'-ople,.
Tiie question at once arose in this body, how
can this country be secured against (he lepetitioo
of this? Those men, and men like them, must
be pnf out of this h'idy* and they must he kept
