.1864.
<CTLC
There is_a curious phenomenon,:well attested,
•with regard to tile temperature of the air between
4.h« fortyi-stxth and forty-eighth parallels of lati-
tude. As you.go north, until you reach tlte.forty-
eighth degree the air becomes much milder. At
Walla-Walla, on the Pacific'side, in latitude 46°,
ithe temperature is the>sameas tbatat Washington
-ciBy in 3SP. In Bitter Root valley, a little above
48°,-it is)very similar to thatat Philadelphia in40O;
■and so.all the way from the Pacific to-Fort Laramie
■there is a stream of warm atmosphere' lan gi ng
•from two .to one hundred miles wide, with a
warmer mean temperature than it is eight or ten
degrees furthsr south. The resiilt'is tlia't .within
• the limits of that stream tire isnow seldom lies
.more than two' or two arid a half feet deep in the
.coldest winters. ' This would neverdbstruct a lo-
comotive on a well-built.road. This warm cur-
rent of air is a curious contrivance in theecorvomy
of nature'. Up to near the-summit of the.mount-
ain the mild climate of the Willamette valley and
•other pans of Oregon is easily accounted for by
the war.rrt.air which is'constantly blowing inland
ifrom the tepid.waters of the gentle Pacific. But
thiU would pot-cress- the .summit, of tiie mountain
without losing its heat. ".Just At that point, be-
tween the head.waters-of the Missouri, Columbia,,
<usd Yellow ;Stone rivers, boil up an innumerable
number of hat1 springs, aa intensely warm as to
heat the air in the.coldest weather. This air,car-
.ried on by the.wind, modifies thfe climate for hun-
dreds of miles inextent. It is in these high north-
ern regions, .warmed and fertilized by these ever-
burning internal fixes, that .millions of feuflfiiloes
find food and shelter in the bleakest-winters. Thus
has nature compensated for the absence of a south-
ern sun. Here, it seems to me, the locomotive is
destined to pass unobstructed, both summer and
winter. H-ere, too, is to be found fuel, and the
•purest water from one end of the route to the other,
dii this-it has a great advantage over an extreme
southern line. There are hundreds of miles witli-
■ojW.a drop of good water, or wood, or air. Each
have their advantages and disadvantages. When
this country shall be restored to peace all of them
will be demanded by the wants, of trade .and of a
rich.and teeming population oh bothsidses of these
mountains of silver and rivers of.gold. .;
The Territories through which this road would
run contain about five hundred and sixteen thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-six square miles.
When settled, at least eleven new States would
be-added to the Union. From Puget sound to
either China, Japan, or Calcutta, is from three to
four hundred.miles nearer than from San Fian-
cisco. This would in some measure compensate
for the greater population and better climato of
California.
The building of this road and settlement of the
country would prevent future Indian wars, and
save the repetition of the horrible scenes winch
were lately enacted in Minnesota.
To aid ihe company the Government are asked
to give twenty sections amile through tfyeStates,
being twelve thousand,acres, which, if it could be
sold at the highest Government prices, would be
$16,OOQf and double that in tbe Territories. To
the U.mon Pacific railroad .she, granted that sum
in bonds^tid ten sections of land; and across the
mountain'three times that amount. But we in
truth .give nothing. Government no longer sells
her lands, as I before said.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it "Was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLM AN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
Mr. Robinson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 52, noes 49. .
So the previous question was seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLM AN called'for f.h'e yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Baily, John
D. Baldwin, Jacob IS. Blair, Boyd, JamOR S. Brown, Am-
brose W. Clink, Cobb, Cnffrotli, Cole,Cieswell, Donnelly,
L iit'1! Garfield, Griimoli^Gnswold, Hale,
rih.tie* m- U.uris, JJitfby, W. Hubbard, John H.
II,Il.il 1-i, K til-}, I'Mficik W. Kellogg,Loan, Longs ear, Jlc-
Bride, MeCFurg, IVTcFndoe, /Charles
O'NeHl, Pcrlmm,,Pricey Fruyn,'5ohn ;H. ilMce, jkobinfKti),
Shannon, Sloan, Jolm ifi. Steele, Stevens, Strqfise,
Stuart, Sweat, WjUiatn ft. Wa^Liburn, YVUaJey,.Wheeler,
Wilder, VVJhdom,,and Ycanra'ji—55. - , 1 , 
NA'YS—Messrs.'A)iey', jAn< mia,'A-s4>l^y',ljbafTwn| .
Boutweii, Brooks, VValJmmiG. Brown,<.3.haoter,iUax,'D  f- <
son, Deming, Eokley^dgmoivlSHotj^HgUeb, Fenian,,
Gnusnn, Gooch, Gudeft, Uni^kig,,HarfiU^tyn,£Jo!-1
man, Uotehkiss, HuHiurd, [ltUchinsf^eii6fces. PbilitrJMin-
son, WiHinm' Johnson, itili&n, 'Kafesrfn,'OVlafido fC«llo^s:,
■Kem^n, Lra\v,.Lou!*, Marcy, McDq.WttUv&JcK'iifne#, $Vil-
Miller,Moorlitittd, Morrill,,E)f*nielMorris, Jsujips-R.
Morris, Amos Myers',, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pen-
dletonr Pike, Pomerov, Samuel J. ftaudiilf,'Ejdytird u.Jtaf-
tiiis, Ross, $cofield,Sfwil(tf R, Stiles, *J2iiayer,*Ttaey,2Vdn
Valkenburgh, Wadsworth, Ehlm B. Washburn**, Joseph
W. White, Wilson, Wijjfiek^ and Fernaiijdo VViOod~66.
So the bill was not passed.
Mr. SPALDING moved to-cecanswlenthe Vote
by whicli-tlte bill was rejected; and «lso waved
to lay the motion to reconsider on'the iabie.  
The latter motion was-agreed to;..
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN THE TERRITORIES.
'The SPEAKER sta.ted that the, next b'u,sinefi£
in was the consideration ^fthje^bill (H. R.
No'. ^42) making appropriation for .pubjic"build-
ings iii the 'Territories of CojoradQ, Nevhda?. Da-
kota, Idaho, Arizonatand,M,b|itaha>and for'other
purposes. (V
Ihe bill wjas takcfi.up and read.1',,
Mr. HOLM'A^Sf. Has this bill been referred
to the Committee of the Whole?
Tiie SPEAKER. It has been, and reported,
back to the Hoyse^by th« aonimittee.
JVJ ivRi.GE, of-jMatrw!. <h move to postpone the
consideration of the.bHl one week.
- Mr. HOi,MAjN; ,1 rftovetti amend byspost-
.poning it until the first Monday oflDfeeember next.
Mr. RICE, of Maipe^ I hope that will not be
done. The Montana bill has not. been disposed
of yet, and I wish this bill postponed for a short
time because a part of the appropriation in it is
for that Territory; I call the previous question
upon the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question w&S Ordered -to" be pot.
The amendment of Mr. Dolman was not
agreed to.
The motion to postpone one week was agreed to.
rilE CONO&ESSIpNAL GJtQ3>iK.
The >next business taken fep itrorder'was the
bill (H. R. No. 421) to pay'ifc part f%r the publi-
cation of the debates of Congress and for other
purposes.
The bill was read', as follows:
Be it cnactetl by the Senate, and House of Representatives
of Ihe United States of Jimerica in Can^rc^ aswnhU/l, Th at
the Secietury of Uie Senate and the-Clerk-oi' the House of
lU-present'ittvod be, ajid they are Herebyj.-dlreetcri tn pur-
chase from tiie publishers of the Qongressional.Globe ami
Appendix, for each Senator, Representative, iyid Debate,
in the present utld eaeli succeeding CongrebsJ Wlio has not
Ueretolore received the same, one complete-yerof-lhe Con-
gressional Glohe and Appendix.
See. '2. Jindhe it further enacted, That there shall be paid
to the |)ul>li!-hera ol the Congressional Globe' and Appendix
by ihe Secretary of the Senate aud tiie Clerk of the House
of Representatives, out of the contii|getitfundii f the Wo
Houses, accoiding to tile number of copies of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix taken by each, one cent Tor every
five pages exceeding three thousand pages for a long ses-
sion, or fifteen hundred pages lor ashortsession, including
the indexes and the law* of the United States for tins aud
eacli future Congress.
Sec. 3. Anil tie it further enacted, That the sura of.$!)8,544
be, and the same is hereby.iipproprmtedj out of iiny rm"iey
in the Treasury notothcrwiseappiopriated, for the purposes
Jieteiii named, for the present Congremsiiiaiid Uiat$30,494
of the same be disbursed-Jjy the -Seci-etaryof the Senate,
and the l einailnler by tiie .Clerk of tiie House of liepresenl-
atives.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. 'I move to amend by
adding the following additional section:
Sec. 4. Jinihrit further eMcfei.Tbat all acts ami parts
of acts inconsistent iierewi'tli be, ancf the same are hereby,
repealed. -. 1
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move t'o amend- by^adding
to the ficst section tiie following!: :
To tie deposited in some public lilirarv to be designated by
such Senacor, Representative, or 0eleg&te.
Mr: COX. I am opposed-to that amendment,
and I would like to hear the gentlemarf's,reason
for offering it. I am sure that the.flepositing'of
these books in the libraries throughout the dis-
tricts amounts to little or nothing. Members of
Congress had better keep she books themselves,
! for the peoplo come to them sooner than go to
I these libraries to get information m referenee to
^congressional' procee<(tng«..-are already
iri-many of the 1 ibra-rifes;feOptes-of' ibis worJf,'yii-
tniViHed by !brvn-er mefn'i.jer.s of ;(5ortgrefsfe','HrtdvlI
think gentlempn will now serv§, the.jititpitsjE?! iSf
their constituerttb bfest by-flUt^tlig jmeiftbej^ of
'Congress to-ke«p'tfiriitfe hooW-fri-1 their oVn libra-
ries. "f > ■ < . ' - -; : *
Mr. .TOHT\SON,'of -Pennsylvanm. I am op-
posed to the amend m,entflJlered 'b^||iej;!Sntle^l&A
from Iowa. HalfOf tl\e libmrieti thf try
are close'-cof^brBtWiVS, ; They are -pri-Vale'-firop-
-erty, • mi:llwry ptn ille taifly tibnrfiKS tlifil fctift bi
•kept tip. Go toan^,bFtHfc',«ouh'try-Ifli/0ti'ies,!pV^fi
•those of colleges; oi* t^> tbe'SHftelibrailes^ritlyou
will find that they are like our libra'ries of Con-
gress, eXeept-that hereHve ba*tfe'faK(ififVofficers
to look-after the bdftks that"af6 takeri'away arid
gather them up as fast af they, are stoiehj'&t in
the coutitry :pablic l®r,nries tlre'bo^Ks ftre iftken
a<«f"ay and'-n-ever-collecteid^gaift. ' ' •• '• * :
I'f these volumfes are .gtv^n tq-.oth^r'flbi'aVfeii,
they are private corporations a d tirb books are
liable at. any time to be hold. 1 thruk,tba| the
tfistrfbtition of t'he Cong-re?!s!ona! Globe by Wifem-
bers ofCotjgreM is-just as'goofl'a di^tribuliotins
!we can tin-alee of fhtefn. '1 -favorer! thr-a^^'^^^-'-r'^o
two y-eafs ago, Ijecause J- think tfiat'these "booKs
shoirid'te Sfcayeted-thrdUgh tt(e"totiiftify. lt:ia
the besfwa-y- of -preserving ttiew. Tlie-steret typp
'plate's'are'nowtSlo'i!e!d away, cori'craWg'Wh'h'rust
ahd beihg-lgrHdually destroye'd. And so with thp
prim«a' vafti/ne's i-p'tfie hands oif.the publisher. 'I
think'soma ^t^ps sIro-uHI be -taken to jjreserve to
"t-he country ito most-vnluaIjle tikfory.1 - :
' M'r. A. W/CLAR.K. I hope the'prbjjositiofl
•made by-rtve,:ge«tlem«n. 'from low-n w'ill not Be
adapted. I -think' that priVd'te distriteilt'ion -by
members will be more-'acceptable to thew and to
the country gMierttlty, as there afe a large num-
ber of libraries in-eatfhdistrietVbetvveen which the
m^hiber would 'be.compe'llfrd' to select.
Tire question was talced) on  Mr. 'Wii.^os's
:a-mend«vent, antj it was rejebtea-; ,
- -Mr.-iA. 'W. CLARK. •11 WttW 'W-ittfleHd fby
adding the following (iriiviso:' ' - : '■
Provided, however, Tlmt the above provisions ftre'niadfe
on tiie express-condition uhat. they.Buy be-abrogated by
eilher Congress-or vhe ptlliUf-bers of tfie CongiesHjoual
Globe and.Append^, a' a^y UftP after,giving two jQa$'
notice for that purpose. ' "'ri, " . •
This amendment,,Mr. Speaker, is offered aft«r
consultation with Llitf proprietors of tiie Qlobo,
and I hope it willbe,agreed to. It-is offered be-,
cause .at tljistime tiie expense,of sprinting is very
large, and it m?y be at some futuce day deeded
expedient to fall back upon the i)ld contract,. 1
believe- that members g^jSerj^lly coacpde, ihtvt,[it
is absolutely npicessary to do .jsomgtbingTor tl)e
Globe. ,I)i the .statement which I made to the
House some, weeks since I put the difference be-
tween this proposition and the, other at about forty
thousand dollars. 'as fo\j(id by-.the books at that
time. The intelligent chief <clerk pf the-,Globe
offiee has sent me a lettfr correcting that state-
ment., which I,ask to Jiave read. r . .
Tiie Clerk read the letter, %s follows:
W^foNOToii;Ci?V'
Dr.).* Sir: 'OnreHrtirfg yoA'r relnirki sKiiCSlstiiisiabt,
briftted in the-Glftbe'of-MwW?,'J perceive thtit you haveWi-
derstsiCTd.tlie amoiiiit-pswi to the Globe d uring tin* •i'lilri.v-
SeveBth V'ongress. . Th«.,Wt&i was-f|66^,-Instead ,of
if 133,550, tiie figures given .by you; bijing, in round numr
bei'S, #33,000 sijoi't of the fulKimotnit. Fiftyper <ieM._ad-
dittomi! on ttrts add^d -to- the 4 'f'
nniued by .you as the sum requirpdto meet
of tije second protX)9itr^ij subjiitlted toy^u on tnesioUt of
~ r.r, ri-,r ■; A I,i, mArn tlur, mm
Wl Ult> OtA, I/AIM " -■   ^ ■ i ,
Marcit last, makes $S3,275, and rcduqes,by nj^re thanona
half, the sum'stated as the differeliee of con betiveen tire
two nropinSittons,-and stiow«' the first proptrsitloii tocoSt
wily about fifteen UmusbikI drtlars aioie than the secontt.
I regard this <w# y«ry inip^uam point, and feet sure thai
you will be glad fo liave it in your power to eonect the
error in advance of any discussion tlrat may arise when tlio
suli)ect«li.tll come tip-again. •
„i am, v«ry respeetWiy, Q£0ptG j.;
' Chief Cleik Congressional Globe-
Jjon. Ambrose VV, Clark, Chairman Corii'tnUteeoii'Ptint-
tng, House  /(Representatives United States* Ptes&rU,
Mr. A. W.'CLARK. I move tiie previous
question on the bill and amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, bf'Maryland. Is it in order to
move to lay the bill on the tab-le? f
The SPEAKER. It is. '
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland;' I-maite that mo-
tion, and call for thfryeasand nays on it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
