1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
signed them to prisons, to be fined, to be lashed,
and to be sold into perpetual bondnge. •Massa-
chusetts, mindful of the rightsofall her citizens,
gent Samuel Hoar, one of her most honored sons,
to test the constitutional rights of her imprisoned
citizens in the judicial tribunals. Slavery cast
him violently from South Carolina, and cnacted
that whoever should attempt to defend the rights
of colored seamen in the courts of that Common-
wealth should suffer the ignominy of imprison-
ment.
Slavery cast its devouring eye upon the broad,
rich fields of Texas, and sent its pioneers to
wrench them from the feeble grasp of the Mexi-
can republic. By the pen of Calhoun, its gfeat
champion, shivery in the name of the nation de-
manded, in the face of Europe, the annexation of
thatslavcholdingiepublic, to defeat ultimate eman-
cipation there, and to tighten the fetters of the
bondmen here. In obedience to the humiliating
demand of slavery, Texas was forced into the
Union by an unconstitutionaljoint resolution, and
the nation plunged into a war with Mexico. When
peace returned, it brought with itlialf a million
square miles of free territory. The North, the
humiliated North, timidly asked that this terri-
tory, made forever free by Mexican law, should
be forever consecrated to freedom by national legis-
lation*, but slavery demanded the right to extend
itself over these free Territories, and threatened
the dismembcrmentoftheUnion if that claim was
denied. Californiaframed a constitution and asked
admission as a free Commonwealth, but slavery
resisted her admission with menaces of disunion
and civil war. To appease slavery, a pliant Con-
gress organized Utah and New Mexico, so that
slave-masters could range over them with their
fettered bond men, gave fitly thousand square miles
of the free soil of New Mexico to slaveholding
Texas, and with them $10,000,000, and enacted
the unconstitutional, inhuman, and unchristian
fugitive slave act, that has dishonored and humil-
iated the nation before earth and heaven. Slavery
thi'ii, in its hour of complete triumph, insolently
demanded that the two great political parties, who
had shrunk appalled before its menaces of dis-
union and civil war, who had betrayed the cause
of freedom, humanity, and civilization m Amer-
ica, should now declare these its acts " finalities,"
and bid the people forever cease " agnation."
Having forced those parties to pumounce its
legislation of 18o0 a4< fimdity in principle and sub-
stance," slavery strode like an imperial despot
into these Chambeis and demanded the repeal of
the Missouri prohibition of the 6th of March,
1820, and a.faithless Congress and a subservient
Executive hastened to open half a million square
miles, in the ccntial regions of the Republic, con-
secrated forever to freedom and free labor, to the
footsteps ofthe bondman. Northern freemen went
to that magnificent Terntoiy to lound there the
institutions offieedom. Sin very made its biutal
tools invade Kansas, seize the ballot-box, elect a
territorial Legislatuie, enact inhuman and un-
christian laws, ba'ihe ibe virgin soil of thatbeau-
tiful region with the blood of civil war, frame a
slave constitution by fraud, and force it upon a
free people. Faithfully did the propagandists of
slavery labor in Kansas and in Congress, and in
the Executive Departments of the Government,
to execute its decrees. They invaded the Terri-
tory, they usurped the government, they enacted
slave statutes, they robbed and burned, they mur-
dered brave men contending for their lawful rights.
In Congress, the champions of slavery were hardly
less brutal than in the wilds of distant Kansas.
My colleague [Mr. Sumner] portrayed the crimes
of slavery against Kansas, and he was smitten
down upon the floor of the Senate by "a brutal,
murderous, and cowardly assault." The propa-
gandists of slavery framed a slave constitution,
sustained it by fraud and violence, and the w§ak
and wicked Administration of James Buchanan,
in obedience to the imperative demands of slavery,
attempted to force it by corruption through Con-
gress upon an unwilling people, but for the first
time slavery was baffled, defeated, dishonored.
Freemen triumphed; Kansas came into the Union
radiant with liberty.
Sir, slavery saw its waning power; itsaw, too,
that its criminal victories of the past were but
barren and fruitless triumphs that turned to ashes
on the lip. it then wrung from the Supreme Court
the Died Scott decision, by which it hoped to i
control the vast Territories of the Republic, even
against the will of the actual settlers. It bade
the Legislature of New Mexico enact a slave code,
and also a code for the enslavement of white la-
boring men. It sent Walker and his filibusters
to Central America to win slave territory. It
sighed for Cuba, which it could not clutch. It
mobbed, flogged, expelled, and sometimes mur-
dered Christian men and women in the South for
no offense against law, humanity, or religion. It
maddened the southern brain and fired the south-
ern heart, it turned large masses of the people
of the South against the institutions and the peo-
ple of the North, against the Constitution and
the old flag of their country. It came into the
Thirty-Sixth Congress threatening to dismem-
ber this Union of constellated Commonwealths
if the people of America should elect a President
opposed to its admission into the Territories. It
rushed into the Democratic national convention,
and, as the first step toward disunion, severed
the Democratic party. It then went into the pres-
idential election, seeking defeat, yet threatening
th<? vengeance of disunion and civil war if de-
feated. Regardless, however, of its treasonable
menaces, the people went to the ballot-boxes and
made Abraham Lincoln President of the United
States. Slavery instantly raised the banner of
treason, dragged South Carolina with headlong
haste into open rebellion, and forced other States
swiftly to follow her example. Slavery organ-
ized conspiracies in the Cabinet, conspiracies in
Congress, conspiracies in the States, conspiracies
in the Army, conspiracies in the Navy, conspira-
cies every where for the overthrow of the Govern-
ment and the disruption of the Republic. At the
bidding of slavery the oft-vaunted southern con-
federacy, the dream of slaveholding traitors for
thirty years, rose upon the recognized basis that
bondage was the normal condition of all men of
the African race. Slavery bade those of its cham-
pions who were in the servicc of the nation leave
Cabinets and Senates, military posts and naval
stations, for the service of the rebellion; and at
the bidding of slavery, Floyd, its truest expo-
nent, left the Cabinet when there'sccmed nothing
more for him to steal; and Davis and Toombs,
Shde!l and Mason, Hunter and Benjamin, and
their guilty compeers m treason, in solemn mock-
ery left the Chambers of Congress when the plots,
conspiracies, treacheries, and peijmies imposed
upon them by the gieat architect of ruin seemed
accomplished.
Sir, not content with seizing forts, arsenals,
arms, and public property everywhere within the
rebel States, slavery bade the fiownim: battelies
menacing Sumter fire upon the Star of the West
sailing under the protecting folds of the national
flag, and freighted with bread for staivmg sol-
diers; and when that act of armed treason railed
to arouse to action an insulted but patient and for-
bearing couuti y, slavery bade those lubel batteries
open their fire on Sum tor and its few starving but
heroic defendeis; and those consuming batteries,
in obedience to its command, huiled shot and shell
upon that devoted fortress till the glorious old flag
of united America came down, and the rebel ban-
ner waved over the smoking rums. And thus sla-
very, after an aggressive warfare of two genera-
tions upon the vital and animatingspiritof repub-
lican institutions, upon the cherished and hallowed
sentiments of a free and Christian people, upon
the enduring interests and lasting fame of the na-
tion, organizes a treasonable conspiracy, raises
the standard of revolt, and plunges the nation
into a bloody contest for tbe preservation of its
menaced life. To the fuil comprehension of every
man in America whose heart, brain, and soul have-
not been poisoned by its seductive arts and malign
influence slavery is the cause, the whole cause,
of this foul, wicked, and bloody rebellion. Every
loyal American \jrhose reason is unclouded sees
that slavery is the prolific mother of all these
nameless woes—these sumless agonies of civil
\wir. He sees that every loyal soldier upon the
cot of sickness, of wounds, and of death, was laid j
there by slavery; thatevery wounded and maimed i
soldier hobbling along our streets was wounded |
and maimed bv slavery; that the lowly grave of |
every loyal soldier fallen in defense of the coun- ,
try was dug by slavery; that mourning wives ]
and sorrowing children weie made widows and ;
orphans by slavery. Befoio the tribunal of man- i
kind of the piesent and of coming ages, before !
the bar of the ever-living God, the loyal heart of
America holds slavery responsible for every dol-
lar sacrificed, for every drop of blood shea, for
every pang of toil, of agony, and of death, for
every tear wrung from suffering or affection, in
this godless rebellion now upon Por'these
treasonable deeds, for these crime's against free-
dom, humanity, and the life of the nation, slavery
should be doomed by the loyal people of Arfterica
to a swift, utter, and ignominious annihilation.
But slavery, Mr. President, should not tfnly be
doomed to an ignominious death, to perish Ut-
terly from the face of the country, for the trea-
sonable crime of levying war unon the Govern-
ment, but the safety if not the existence of the
nation demands its extermination. The expe-
rience of nearly three years of civil war has
demonstrated to the full comprehension of every
loyal and intelligent man in America that slavery
is the motive-power, the heart and soul and brain
of the rebellion. Slavery fills the hearts of the
southern people with its sweltered venom, with
its dark and malignant hatred of the free States,
and with its bitter scorn and contempt for the toil-
ing masses, for the policy that cares for their
rights and interests, and for the institutions that'
improve and elevate them. Slavery instinctively
feels that the achieved institutions of twenty mil-
lion free people, their free speech, free presses,
their political, moral, and religious convictions,
their permanent interests, all forbid that its policy
should continue to control the national Govern-
ment. Slavery realizes, too, that every enduring
element ofthe Constitution, every permanent prin-
ciple of national policy and interest, is and must
continue to be hostile to the ascendency of its
principles and its policy. Slavery, hating, scorn-
ing, despising the toilmgmillions of the Republic,
conscious that it cannot longer retain the perma-
nent control of the national Government, consoli-
dates the public opinion of the South against the
people and Government, and fires southern ambi-
tion and interest with the idea of a splendid slave-
holding empire, sitting on the shores of the Mex-
ican Gulf, and extending its imperial sway over
Cuba, Mexico, and Central America.
Sir, slavery not only fires the southern heart,
brain, and soul, and nerves the southern arnvin
council-hall and on the battle-field with its malig-
nant hate and bitter scorn of Yankee laborers and
Yankee institutions', its lofty contempt for the
principles and policy of freedom, its haughty de-
fiance of the authority of the national Govern-
ment, and its gorgeous visions of the future power
of the southern confederacy, commanding the
commerce of the world by its'tropical productions
and its millions of slaves, but it uses the bones and
sinewsofmore than threemillionsof the bondmen
of rebel masters in supportoftherebclhon. These
slaves of rebel masters sow and reap, plant and
gather the harvests that support rebel masters and
feed rebel armies. By their ceaseless, unpaid toil,
these millions of bondmen enable their traitorous
masters and the poor white men of the rebel States
to leave their fields and shopR and rush to the
battle-field to shed the blood of our loyal country-
men, of our neighbors and friends and biotheis
and sons. These bondmen throw up fortifica-
tions, dig: trenches and rifle-pits, make roads and
bridges, fell forests and build barracks, drive
teams, and relieve in many ways the toil of rebel
soldiers, thus making more efficient rebel ar-
mies. It is as clear as the track of the sun across
the heavens that these slaves of rebel masters are
as efficient instruments for the overthrow of the
authority of the Federal Government, for the dis-"
memberment of the Republic, and the establish-
ment of the rebel empire, as are rebel soldiers in
camp or on battle-fieid. The spade and hoe of
the slaves of rebels support the rifle and bayonet
of rebel soldiers. Slavery is not only the motive-
power, the heart and soul of the rebellion, but it
is the arm also. Therefore the preservation of
the life of the country, and the lives of our brave
soldiers battling for national existence, us well as
the just punishment of conspiracy and treason,
demand that the loyal men of the Republic shall
swear by Him who hveth evermore that slavery
in Ameiica shall die.
Not only the punishment ofits appalling crimes,
not only the lives of our countrymen and the
proseivdtion of the life of the nation, demand the
utter extermination of slavery, bat the future re-
nose of the country also demands it. Slavery has
