3274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
ratelyatSpottsylvaniaCourt-House,on the North
Anna, at the Chickahominy. Still the question
was asked jn vain, what have the negroes done?
Grant knew their true value, and placed no con-
' fidence in them where cool courage and skillful
maneuvering were required, and kept them back.
Butler,it is true, from below Richmond,sounded
their praises occasionally, but these blasts from
his bugle-horn were few and far between, and of
course nobody believed him. Grant had crossed
the James, and still no glory won by the black
cohorts. Petersburg was attacked; and the first
bulletins of our operations before that city con-
tained the long-desired laudations of the negro
soldiers, and caused the hearts of the abolitionist,
negro-loving miscegenators to bound with joy.
The negro had at last been put in front; he had
at last been allowed an opportunity to exhibit the
great qualities that were in him, and vindicate
his claim to be regarded the model soldier of the
present age. The black soldiers had been led to
the assault of the first line of redoubts and trenches
in front of Petersburg, and driven the enemy
from them, and occupied them after deeds of cour-
age and skill that would hand down their names to
immortality. The dispatches were transmitted by
the Secretary of War to the Speaker of this House,
and read by the Clerk, amid scenes of disorderly
applause and cheering by the other side.
Time passed, and gradually the truth of his-
tory was vindicated. It turned out that these
terrible defenses that were represented as so strong
and foinndable, and defended by the rebels with
desperate valor, were occupied only by pickets,
or at least by a mere handful of men, who did not
defend them, but retired and left them after a
mere show of resistance to be taken possession
of by the negro soldiers. We have waited and
looked in vain for the terrible list of killed and
wounded in this desperate fighting. The author-
ities give us nothing on this point; proof positive
that they have nothing to give. If casualties had
occurred, as they would have occurred if any
such fighting had taken place, the long list of the
sable paUiots killed and wounded would have
been spread by Stanton over the whole country,
and the War Department and White House per-
haps been draped in mourning. The only report
we have is from some newspaper correspondent.
Ife makes the killed one, the wounded twenty.
Hut these laudatory dispatches sent by the Sec-
retary of War to this House and to Dix in
New York were not the dispatches of Grant. I
defy the Administration to produce his name to
any such dispatches. His love of truth und ap-
preciation of the true value of the white and black
race preclude the idea that he could be made tho
agent to elevate the black at the expense of the
white soldier. This thing had to be done; the Ad-
ministration hat! determined on it; and as the com-
mands-in-chief could not be used, some dirty tool
had to be selected to do the dirty work, and among
the numbers of that sort who cumber the offices
urnlei this Administration one was readily found
to do it for the dog'a pay. He was sent to the
army at Petersburg to make up these dispatches,
and he did it; such is my theory of this matter.
Well, sir, we had another exhibition of this
prurient desire on tho part of the Administration,
as well as on (lie part of gentlemen on the other
side of the House, to aggrandize the negro and
to parade his brilliant achievements before the
woikl as being1 not only equal but superior to
those of the white soldiers, in connection with
the invasion of my own State by John Morgan.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] rose
in his place a fow days since and had a dispatch
which had been handed to him read by a gentle-
man ftorn New York, showing how bravely and
slorioiihly some black patriots had behaved dur-
ing the attempt of John Morgan to take the city
of Frankfort; how with their fists and pocket-
knives—being unarmed—they had retaken a gun
which had been captured by the rebels. Sir, that
dispatch was sent by some person in Kentucky,
whose name I have not been able to ascertain,
some person m Kentucky employed perhaps by
the Wc.r Department to do such dirty work, some
man who, regaldiess of truth, undertook to ac-
complish a particular purpose. He telegraphs
the Sectetary of War that these negroes in the
fortification* at Frankfort having no arms rushed
upon the soldiers pf John Morgan, drove them
tack, and lecapturcd thisgun. That dispatch was
sent to Secretary Stanton, who, when he had re-
ceived it, immediately transmitted it to my col-
league from the Covington district, [Mr.Smith,]
who handed it to the gentleman fioouMaine, by
him it was handed to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Morris,] and read suddenly to the
House as evidence of negro prowess and negro
bravery. Gentlemen on the other.side of the
House clapped their hands, and shouted out,
" What do you say to that, Mallory ?" "Will
not you withdraw your slanders of the negro
now ?" I was satisfied at the time that there was
110 truth in it, and I now assert that the whole
thing'from beginning to end was an absolute fab-
rication. I have before me an authentic denial
of it in a letter 1 have just received this morning
from the Governor of Kentucky. He speaks of
the gallantry of the defense of Frankfort against
Morgan's men, and speaks of the improvised
soldiers as having behaved with*a courage that
would have become veterans of a hundred battle-
fields, and adds, "They were all white.*' He
says further:
"The negroes w'e had employed in constructing ride-pits
nnd redoubts very precipitately flftd, in great confusion, at
the commencement of the assault. General Lindsey and
myself, having ju*t reached the ground, had some difficuliy
in arresting their headlong flight, and so soon as they could
be reduced to order they were sent away under cover of
the hill to town."
They not only did not behave with any gal-
lantry, but they shrank and fled at the first dis-
charge of rebel musketry, and were sent back
under the cover of a hill to Frankfort. And I tell
you, sir, when wc come to find out the whole
truth in relation to these black soldiers at Peters-
burg we shall find that they distinguished them-
selves as highly and in somewhat the same way
as did those negroes at Frankfort.
My friend from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] who
seems to be listening so attentively, lived in Ken-
tucky once, and knows the negro and his attri-
butes, and he knows, if he will tell you what he
knows, that they won't fight.
Mr. BLAINE. From a residence of five years
in Kentucky I came to the conclusion from what
1 saw of the negroes that there was a great deal
of fight in them.
Mr. MALLORY. Was the gentleman ever
attacked by them ?
Mr. BLAINE. And if the gentleman has ever
resided a little further south than Kentucky, on
the larger plantations of Louisiana and Missis-
sippi, I would ask him if the perfectterror of those
regions is not a runaway negro hid in the cane-
brakes?
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, he would do for
a bugaboo to frighten negro children and white
children into propriety.
Mr. BLAINE. Well, I know it to be a fact.
The gentleman from Kentucky will acquit me of
having had anything to do with getting up that
dispatch to which he has alluded.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly 1 do.
Mr. BLAINE. I have entire faith—and if I
had not I would never vote a dollar of appro-
priation for these negro troops—that well-trained
and disciplined negroes will make good troops.
I do not believe they will make as good troops
as white men, and I do not value any white man's
opinion who does think so. But 1 have one fact
which I desire to state. Some three weeks ago
I had a conversation with Mr. Charles Hale, of
Boston, who has just set sail for Egypt as con-
sul of the United Suites to that country, and
where a year or two ago he spent some time. I
asked him what was tho connection between
Egypt and theSublime Porte. Hcfeaid the Sub-
lime Porte only exercised a sovereignty so that
when Turkey was engaged in war she could
call upon Egypt for a contingent of troops; that
she did that the last time during the Crimean war,
and that Egypt furnished fifteen regiments of ne-
groes of pure blood, unmixed from the founda-
tion of the world, and as good troops as ever
marched upon Euiopean soil.
Mr. COX. They were Abyssinians. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BLAINE. They were Abyssinians whom
my friend from Ohio found to be so surpassingly
grand in their ecclesiastical attainments, and they
are equally grand in their military attainments.
Mr. MALLORY. I will resume the floor.
Mr. BLAINE. One moment more. Those j
negroes, I am reminded here, were not Abyssin-
ians. The Abyssinians are a race of a religious
turn, but these were Nubians—naked black N i-
bians.
But enough of that. Now I ask tho gentleman
from Kentucky if he believes that a thousand
white men of the Kentucky race—and I believe
that no more gallant race than Kentuckians ever
lived—unarmed and undrilled would have stood
any better before the rebel musketry than the ne-
groes themselves did.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, Mr. Speaker, that is
another question altogether.
Mr. BLAINE. I will tell you what I believe.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot yield. I will tell
the gentleman what I believe. I believe that if
there had been nobody but white soldiers in the
case no dispatch would have been sent; but that
anything whatever—although it might bear upon
its face the evidence of its own falsity—is now
seized upon to parade before the House and have
it go to the country to show that the bravery and
gallantry of the negro is superior to that of the
white soldier, laoquitthegentleman from Maine
of any such opinion and any such purpose.
In relation to these soldieis furnished the sul-
tan by the Pacha of Egypt, l*t me say that they
are an entirely different race from the blacks we
have in this country. If they were Egyptians,
they belong to a race which for thousands of years
have had among them men and women distin-
guished for intellect and beauty. The Ptolemies
and the dusky mistress of Antony, Cleopatra,
that woman ofloveliness and fascination,belonged
to that race. If they were Nubians, they belong
to a race with a great history, and ate far supe-
rior to the Congo and other tiibes further down
in Africa from which our negroes sprang. His-
tory is a blank with regard to them. So much
for the statement of the gentleman about the Egyp-
tian troops furnished the sultan during the Cri-
mean war.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to occupy the
attention of the House for so long a time when
I rose. I have been drawn into discussion of
matters I did not design to refer to; 1 rosemeiely
to oppose the amendment of the gentleman fmm
Ohio, the distinguished chairman of the Military
Committee, for the reason thut it is presented as
a substitute, as an entirety. If for no other rea-
son, I would oppose it on that ground. We cannot
divide the question; we cannot take one part and
reject another; the House is compelled to act
upon it as a whole and to adopt it or reject it as a
whole. It will not, therefore, receive my support,
and I certainly hope the House will not adopt it.
Sir, if we are to have a conscription bill, if we
are to have a bill under which the Government
may lay its hands ruthlessly upon every white
man of a lawful age in the United States, let us
have one which we can examine in detail. Let
us have one which we can take up clause by
clause and suggest such amendments as may seem
to undesirable to perfect the measure. Do not
let us-be compelled to accept as a whole a meas-
ure which its distinguished author presents to the
House and says must be crammed down our
throats without change or modification. Lotus
reject it. That is my voice. I have serious ob-
jections to a part of it, but it is impossible to con-
sider it in detail now, for it has not been pi in ted
or read by the membeis of the House. As I
gather from the reading of it by the Clerk, a por-
tion of it authorizes the authorities of the States
to go into the rebel States where our aimies have
progressed and procure soldiers by enlistment,
black men as weil as white men, to be credited to
the quotas of the States so subsidizing and enlist-
ing them ; in other words, the black men enlisted
in Louisiana by Massachusetts agents aie to be
credited to the quota which Massachusetts will
owe to the Government. 1 understand that to be
a provision of this bill. 1 protest against it.
Sir, if these men are to be brought into the
Army from the rebel States, if we are to take
white men and black men from those States and
put them into our Army, let them be acciedited
to the Government of the United States. Let
them be recruited as United States forces, let
them be recruited by United States officers, and
not incite States in the North who do not furnish
the requisite number of men from their own cit-
izens to send their agents down there and make
up their quotas in that way. Sir, this provision
of this substitute, notwithstanding the exclusion
