1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
manner the proper officer shall execute that stat-
ute, whether by hanging or ^hoofing, or in what
way, in what manner the thing shall be done by
the officer that has the warrant to execute. Would
it do to say that because that statute directed the
sheriff to execute the man who had been convictcd
of murder by hanging therefore that law defined
the crime or created the punishment for murder?
Not at ail; it only directed the maimer of its exe-
cution. That wou the sheriff's warrant for
the mode of execution; but the law which defined
the crime and created the punishment was an en-
tirely different statute. So it is in this case.
This naturally brings me to consider some of
the objections which the honorable Senator makes
to this last law, bat it will be borne in mind that
heal! the while makes all his argument against
that law, and treats it as if it were the only law
on the subject. What he would say to this law
which I have now produced, read, and presented to
him, and how many of the objections lie makes
to the other law he would consider applicable to
this, I do not know, 1 cannot say. It presents
an entirely different case, and it removes a large
part of the objections which the honorable Senator
makes to the law prescribing the oath. 1 will
now call attention to some few of the points of
objection which he makes to that statute, and I
think it will be apparent that whenever you look
at those objections it will be found that in the view
in which 1 have presented the subject, taking to-
gether ail the laws made at that time on the sub-
ject-matter, many of them are entirely removed;
but I will now attend to several of them seriatim.
One objection to this oath is that it is in the nature
of a test oath, and that it may be extended so as
to require a man tt> expurgate himself from all
ciimes. He says, in effect, that this is a precedent
for any future Congress to make a law by which
they may require a man to take an oath that he
has never been guilty of laiceny, or any other
crime. Sir, it is not obnoxious to that objection.
It only requnes a man to take an oath in relation
to a crime which by law creates a disqualification.
Larceny would not disqualify a man from taking
a seat in the Senate. Why not? Because we
have no statute of the United States—and cer-
tainly State laws ran have no effect upon it—which
makes that a disqualification for holding office.
Tins statute is nothing but a precedentfor requir-
ing an oath in relation to that which is a disqual-
ification, no more. It is, therefore, not obnoxious
to that objection, and cannot be a piecedent for
such a couise as the Senator supposes.
But the Senator says Congtess might under
this precedent go on to pass a Jaw on the subject
of temperance, and might even require a man to
swear that he had never partaken of wine or any
other intoxicating fluid. He does not think they
would be likely to do that, because it would break
up Congress; but he says they might at any Kite
make him promise that he never would use such
in tides. I cannot .see how, seriously and can-
didly % any one can make an assertion of that kind,
and say. that this law is a precedent for that. You
will observe that that would be asking of a man
to make an oath in relation to his future conduct.
The honorable Senator from Delaware expressly
says that there is nothing in this oath in relation
to the promise of what he is to do in the present
and the future to which he has any objection m
the wo 'ld, unless it may be to the phraseology in
which it is couched. He thinks he could amend
the phraseology; he thinks it is not in very good
taste, but the substance of it he has no objection
to in the world. Very well, then, this is not an
oath which furnishes a piecedent for saying that
you may make a man piomise and swear as to
Ins future conduct in legard to any exceptionable
matter, in relation to that which would be other-
wise, if you please, entirely lawful.
This law does not require a man to take an oath
that he will not do heieafter anything that is now
lawful. It only requires him to swear that he
will be faithful and bear true allegiance to the
country. That, the Senator says, is right; to that
he has no objection. In order to be a precedent
foi any thing that is wrong of that kind, he should
show that this law requires a man to take an oath
that he will not do something which is entirely
lawful and right. It is no such precedent. It is
not obnoxious to such remark. The Senator
thinks that under a'precedent of this kind Con-
gress might make an oath requiring a man to
swear that he never was a member of the Know
Nothings, never was a member of the order of
Odd Fellows, never practiced medicine, or any-
thing else, however lawful or however indifferent.
Sir, I say there is nothing in it that can be a pre-
cedent for such a requisition. The portion of the
oath which the Senator considers objectionable
contains nothing but what relates to the disability
created by the other law which I have read.
The next objection is that it is contrary to the
fifth amendment to the Constitution. The wind-
ing up and the substance of that amendment is,
that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or
property without due process of Jaw, meaning,
without trial and conviction. No w I ask, does this
law deprive a man of life, liberty, or property ? It
tells the State, " You must not send traitors here;
they are not entitled to hold seats in the Senate;"
and it says to such men, "You had better not
come here; you cannot occupy a place in the
Senate."
But the gentleman says further, this is an ex post
facto law. You require of the man to swear that
he has not borne arms against the Government,
&c.; ^iat is to say, you require him to say not
only that he lias not borne arms against the Gov-
ernment since the passage of this act which I have
read, but at no previous time. That would go
back of the act on which and by which, I say,
the disqualification exists. J desire to speak of
this argument with all candor and fairness. If to-
day there is a statute law which makes the pun-
ishment of larceny four years' imprisonment, and
a man commits a larceny under it, and the next day
afterwards, and before he is convicted, a law is
passed that the punishment for larceny shall be
two years'imprisonment, and he is tried, which of
those sentences is to be passed upon him, the one
that was in force when he committed the offense,
the four years, or the two years? Clearly the
two years and that only; and it is not for him to
say, " That sentence of two years was ex post
facto, after I had committed the larceny." As it
is the most favorable, as it is the mildest, he
should not complain of it.
Ex post facto laws are those which create that
a ciime which was not so before, or which oper-
ate on acts previously committed, or inciease the
punishment; but here you diminish the punish-
ment. Now, sir, let us take a case under the Sen-
ator's argument. A man comes here under this
law, this disqualification, and the question arises.
He at once tells us, " You must notask me about
this as you proposed, nor under that law which
you are cat ry ing into effect, because that law was
passed after some of the acts which you arc ask-
ing me about had been committed." Now, what
is that put into plain English? It is simply this:
" the law formeily was that I should be disqual-
ified by being hung forsomething that i did; now
you are going to disqualify me under this law
passed since the commission of the act without
hanging me; and that is cx post Jacto> unconstitu-
tional." That is all there is of that.
I come, now, Mr. President, to another part of
the gentleman's argument which he made upon
the law of which we aie speaking, but not on the
law in regard to.the oath at all. He says we can-
not change the qualifications mentioned in the
Constitution; but he says he agrees entirely with
the doctrine that you can disqualify a man by
way of punishment of cwme. He grants that
you can by law disqualify a man for crime; and
yet, though he grants that and produces the au-
thority, he at the same time says we cannot add
to the qualifications. Congress can do anything
a State Legislature can do in relation to anything
concerning their Stale government; and yet after
all, the Senator insists upon it that we cannot
change the qualification or disqualification of a
member of the Senate; and that brings him to an-
other point. He says that the man must be con-
victed; the Constitution requires that he shall be
convicted, before he suffers anything. Sir, the
law we are now trying to execute by the aduiinis-
ti ation of this oath is not a matter of punishment.
It is merely calling on us as jiidgcn of the quali-
fications of Senators to obtain evidence and pass
i practically upon that provision of the law. But
j the Senator says he must be convicted. That was
I one of the very troubles we had to encounter at
I the start. Disaffected States sent those Seuatois
! here, and the States that sent them, knowing their
S sentiments, knowing their conduct, and under-
standing their purposes, would not convictthem,
nor could they be convicted in them. The mo-
ment you admit that you must admit that your
Constitution is so framed that if a man is guilty
of treason and his State prefers to have him com-
mit more, and do it in the Senate of the United
States, it shall have the right to send him here,
and you cannot prevent it.
But the gentleman goes further than this. He
cites to us Humphrey Marshall's case in the Sen-
ate, which was a question of expulsion, to show
that they there held that inasmuch as Mr. Mar-
shall had not been convicted by a jury at home
he could not be expelled for that offense. Now
put these two arguments together: a man who
is thus guilty of treason is sent here because he
is guilty of treason to confound our counsels and
destroy our Government; and the condition of
your Constitution is such that you must admit
him; and not only that, you cannot expel him
because he has not been convicted by a jury,and
he is in a State which sent him on the ground that
they would notconvict him; and, indeed, that was
the very reason he was sent here; he was sent
here for that very qualification. I do not wish to
say anythingmore on that subject, but simply to
put the case to the Senate. I have only this to
say about it: whenever a man finds himself let
out at the end of a course of ingenuous reasoning
to a conclusion that is itself an absolute absurdity,
one of two things must be true—that he has* been
guilty of some false logic in it, or else he is the
dupe of his own sophistry.
What does such a doctrine make of youv Gov-
ernment? Why, sir, the Government, according
to the view of the Senator, with all the admira-
tion he expresses for the Constitution, is a Gov-
ernment of inherent imbecility, it has- within it
germs of self-destruction; it is hedged around with
provisions of the Constitution which,.as he con-
strues them, must make you receive a traitor on
the floor because they will not convict him at
homeland they sent him here because he was one,
and you must keep him here; and this Chamber
is by the very forms of your Constitution a great
arena in which the traitors are to perform their
gladiatorship. Indeed this is the very asylum,
by the terms of the Constitution, the very sanc-
tuary fortraitors; and that is the condition of your
Constitution! Why, sir, instead of being entitled
to admiration and respect this makes of it the most
intolerable abortion. I can hardly think of any-
thing in language that would describe it unless it
be the description which Richard III applied to
himself and his own deformity:
<£ Dot'onii'd, utifmish'd, sent befmc my time
Into tins hreatiung work!, scaice half made up,
And that &o lamely and unfashionable,
That dogs bark at me, as I halt by them."
That is the condition of our Constitution, ac-
cording to this mode of reasoning.
Mr. President, I find that I must soon conclude
my remarks, because I have got through with the
matenal I had on hand mthe shape of notes, and
the condition of my health is such that I shall en-
deavor to conclude as soon as possible. If what
I have already said does not show the absolute
necessity of the law which createditliis disability,
and of this law foritsexecution, I!can hardlycon-
ceive of anything I could say that) could add. to it.
But perhaps a decent respect for the honorable
Styiator would demand of m« to make a few addi-
tional remai ks in reply to another point to which
he adverted.
He says that this law docs not include Senators
at all; that Senators are not officers of tins Gov-
ernment, and he cites Rlount's case. I do not
i know what conclusion I and other men might
come to when we were talking about some par*
ticuhu* piovision of the Constitution, whether it
meant civil officers or not, when we compared it
with other parts of that same instrument; we
might get confounded in the comparison of th.;
paits, and be t^bubled with koffte doubts with
which we should nevtrbe. troubled. in, reading an-
other instrument. We hatfe* asl s&td> a law from
1790, declaring thai if a man was guilty of brib-
ery in the counts of the United States, he should
be disqualified from holding any office under tho
Qovernment. Now 1 wish to know if a man was
convicted of bribery whether it would really be
insisted that he was disqualified an,d perfectly
infamous in relation to all little of8;ces of no con-
sequence, but if he were elected to the Senate
