1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ftow, the facts upon which your memorialists rely to
prove the hardship or this decision are briefly these:
On th*  25th day of April, the House of Representatives
passed a joint resolution imposing an additional duty of
fifty per cent, on all imports into tne United States for the
t<*rm of sixty day>, pending a revision of the tariff. On the
g§tlj,day of April the same resolution was adopted by the
Senate, and it went to the President of the United States
for his signature. Nothing more was heard of this reso-
liufbn tin Saturday, the 30th of April, at one and a half
o'clock, p. in., when, upon orders from Washington, the
collector refused to leceive money for duties under the old
lawl Thioughout Friday, and the early part of Saturday,
merchants were very active, as they had been from the
fust passage of the resolution referred to by the House of
Representatives, in entering their merchandise as it ar-
rived, and paying duties thereon under the preexisting law;
and lor their better security in the premises, most of the
goods were entered immediately for consumption, and these
hM all the advantages and ail the privileges of bonded
goods. This was especially the case on Friday and Satur-
day. The amount of gold paid into the custom-house on
those two days was about one and a half million dollars;
the great demand for coin keuping the premium at eightv
per cent, or thereabouts. Jn most cases the goods thus
enu-ied were not required for immediate consumption, and
not being needed to meet any present wants, would natn-
inlh have been deposited in bonded warehouses to wait
demand, or till the action of Congress in readjusting the
tariff t-hould be better understood. These goods are now
in the warehouses of the importers, unsold, with the.pre-
mium on gold rapidlj declining.
, Your memorialMs do not, in the present in«tance, coin-
fiiain that, with asuddenness almost unexampled, fifty per
cent, additional duties are imposed on all foreign goods
imported into the country, for they know that steam and
telegraphic commUMicaiiou have rendered adeparture from
.the former usage necessary, and they are ready to bow to
the necessity. But, for the same reason, they uige upon
your honorable bodies that when laws are made thev should
be promulgated; that if the joint resolution adding fifty
per ccnt. to the duties on unpens was a law on Friday, u
should have been known on Friday; and that there is no
reason why the merchants of this'city, or any other city of
the Union, should be exposed to the evils of an expost facto
law, for such, undei the decision of ihe Treasury Depart-
ment, would be the operation of the joint resolution if thus
enforced. Nor would your memorialists call in question
the propriety of a decision that is sustained by the Supreme
Couit of the United States under circumstances precisely
analogous, but they are not aware that in the cases referred
to, goodt., after having once been permitted to entry under
all the forms and "sanctions of one law, have been a second
time subjected to duty under a new and distinct law, to the
forfeiture of all the privileges to which the merchant would
have been entitled, had not the forms of law been fully
complied with, by the mutual actof the agents of the Gov-
ernment and his own.
Nor can thf y recognize the justice of being obliged a
second time to pay duty on merchandise for which they
have received landing permits under the circumstances
contemplated, for the following reasons:
First. That the eu-tom duties being paid in com, the for-
tune's of war may shortly lead to a very serious decline in
the piemtum on gold, and thus entail upon the importer a
loss which will not be telt by the later importations.
Sec<md. Because the sixty days contemplated by the
joint resolution may pass without an extension of the pro-
visions oi that enactment, or a new adjustment by Con-
giess of the exMing tariff.
Third. I5ecau&e m the readjustment of the tauff. Con-
gress may not deem it wise to impose an additional duty
of fifty per cent, on an imports. • ''
• Fourth, and finally. Because <under the' uncertainties
.connected with the war, the currency, and futuie legisla-
tion of Congress, the merchant is powerless to effecta safe
ot his nierchandise, while he has lost the control over it
which lie would have enjoyed if it had been entered in
"bond.
Jn view of these things, your, memorialists feel that it is
thejr right and their duty to protect against the unequal op-
erafion of the joint resolution, if enforced alike against
goods that once paid duty ftr the manner described, a id
such-as were not so admitted to fctitry when the law was
perfected by its return to Con«re*$ with the signature of
the President affixed thereto, and announced to the col-
Jector'ofthe port.
Professing their willingness to abide bylaws when duly
enacted and duly promulgated, they earnestly desiie to he
baved from the evil? of litigutioruvhicb will, inevitably re-
sult fiom the ambiguities involved in the recent enactment,
and the decision so adverse to-their'interests, "to which it
has given rise.
And in order that such injustice and such litigation may
be avoided, your memorialists.would earnestly'urgo the
prompt passage of a joint resolution cfrnbiacing the follow-
ing points.
Resolved, That the joint resolution of Congress, signed
by the Pi evident on the 29th day of April last, imposing fifty
per "cent, additional duties on goods imported, does not ap-
ply to good* m bond at the time of the passage of the act,
and that the additional fifty per cent, shall not be levied
upon goods upon which importers ha£ paid the old duty
before notice was received at the different custom-houses
that no more dunes should he received under the old law..
And your memorialists will evcr'pray.
[r„ g.} A. A. LOW, President.
George Wilson, Assistant Secretary.
NeW York, May 14, 1864.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
REPORTS COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom waa referred a bill (S. No.
250) to amend the afct entitled "An act making a
grant of alternate sections of the public lands to"
the State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of certain railroads in said State, and for other
purposes," approved Juoe 3, 1856, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
278) prescribing the terms on which exemplifi-
cations shall be furnished by the General Land
Office; which was read,and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, in favor of causing all the unsurveyed
lands in the State to be surveyed and brought
into market at the earliest practicable day, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which, was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 203)
authorizing a grant to the State of California of
the Yosemite valley and of the land embracing
the Mariposa Big Tree Grove, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
355) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to stipulate for the release from attachment or
other process of property claimed by the United
States, and for Other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H.R. No.
207) making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of certain fortifications
and other works of defense for the year ending
the 30th June, 1865, reported it with amendments.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
additional copies of the report of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, reported the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That twenty-five hundred copies of the report
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the year ISJ63,
bo printed tor the use of the Commissioner.
SELECTION OF SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
164) to revive an act entitled "An act for the re-
lief of purchasers and locators of swamp and over-
flowed lands," approved March 2, 1855, and for
other purposes, have instructed me to report it
back with two amendments, and as it is'but one
section, and of no great consequence, I suggest
that it be passed now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The first section
provides that the act for the relief of purchasers
and locators of swamp and overflowed lands, ap-
proved March 2,1855, shall be continued m force
and extended to all such lands entered, located,
reported, or selected since its passage.
The second section proposes to allow the sev-
eral States two years in addition to the time lim-
ited by the act to extend the provisions of an act
to enable the State of Arkansas and other States
to reclaim the swamp lands within their limits, to
Minnesota and Oregon, and for other purposes,
approved March 12, 1860, within which to make
selections of swamp and overflowed lands within
such several States, and to report the same to the
surveyor general of the district-in which such
lands may be situated.
The first amendment of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was to strike out the first section of the
bill.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendmentof the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was in the second line of the second
section, after the word " years" to.insert "after
the passage of this act," so as to read, "that the
several States shall be allowed two years after the
passage of this act, in addition to the time,"&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and was read the third time, and passed. On
motion of Mr. Hendricks its title was amended
to read, "A bill to extend the time within which
the States may complete their selec'ions of swairfp
lands '' . i
, . BILL INTRODUCED. .
Mr. LANE,•of Kansas; asked,*and- by unani-
mous consent-obtained) leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S.No. 54) providingfor changing the
time of voting upoli the constitution of Colorado-;
whicK Was read twice by its title, and deferred to
the Comttittee on Territories. ' * - -•> " ■
, WILKES COURT 0® INQUIRY. :
Mr. GRIM.liS submitted the following resolu-
tion: , " .,
Resolved, -That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate the proceedings and finding
of the naval court of inquiry In the case of ConuoodbrB
Charles Wilkes.
Mr. SUMNER. Has not the Senate acted on
that already? , - .
Mr. GRIMES,'; No, sir. V
. Mr. ANTHONY. Such a resolution has been
passed, I think,
Thef resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to!
LAND OFFICE REPORT. '
Mr. HARLAN, by direction of the Committee
on Public Lands, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing: -
- Resolve^., Tliatone thousand additional copies of thejast
annual report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office be printed for tlie use of that office, ,
 BANK. REPORTS. ; "
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution: i; - *: . ..
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, mat
he is hereby, directed to communicate to the Senate c*ypie«
of the full reports of the banks', associations, corporations,
and individuals doing a banking business, which are re-
quired to be made to the Commissioner or Internal Reve-
nue under the act entitled "An act to provide ways and
means for the support otthe Government," appipved March
3,1863; aiid that iii communicating said /epofts lie be re-
quested to cause ihose required to be made within tiiirty
days after the 1st day ol October, 1863, and those required
to be nrade sU months thereafter, to be arranged in sepa-
rate tables. (
Mr. CONNESS. ' I will-suggest to the Sena-
tor from Missouri that, as the chairman, of the
Committee on Finance, whose department it af-
fects, is not in his seat, the consideration of that
resolution.be postponed until lie comes in.- ,
, Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objectionfto
that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over.
PUBLIC DEBT. '
. Mr. HENDERSON submitted th$ following
resolution: , .
Resolved, That tlie "Secretary of the treasury fee directed
to communicate toYiie Senate a statement showingfthe full
amount of the public debt of the United States at the pres-
ent date; and that in making said statement he cause lo be
arranged Separately tlie several items of said indebtedness ;
under what law each item occurred, 'whether it bears in-
terest, and if so, whether in coin or lawful money ; tlie
^amount of Treasury notes, United States notes, fractional
currency, certificates of indebtedness, temporary loans,
&c., and tlie rate of interest, if any, paid on each ef saul
items', with tlie date and title of the act under wbicij each
clasp was issued. : ' t '"
, Mr. CpNNESS. I prefer ijiat.tjiat resolution
should lie over until the chairajsin ofltre Finance
Committee is in' his seat, r.o.otice'ihat it ceil Is
for a very voluminous report. , I ask the, assent
of the.Sena'tor to its lying over. , ''
The PRESIDENT pro tet/ipore. ,'Ijf riiust lie
over if objected to-, anil the Ctiajr understands the
Senator as objecting. ,
BILL BECOME A LAW.
- A message from the President of the -United
States, by Mr. NicpLAY, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States Wad ap-
proved and sighed, on the 12th instant, an act (S.
No. 172) concerning the disposition of convicts
in the courts of the United States, for subsisting
of persons confined in jails charged with violating
th  laws of the United States, and for diminishing
the expenses in relation thereto.
MESSAGE J?ROM TIIE UOOSR.
A message from the House of Representative*,
by Mr, McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
('No. 421) to pay, in part, for publishing the de-
bates of Congress, a«d for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL'S SIGNKD.
The message further announced thatthe Speaker
