278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
his infamy was to his credit, rather qualified him
than otherwise, did not reach him there at all?
How preposteious is such an argument! The
different departments of this Governmcntarc rep-
resented by, embodied in, impersonated in the
functionaries of those departments. The depart-
ments of tins Government are the executive, ju-
dicial, and legislative: and now, forsooth, the Sen-
ator would fain have us believe, by a long course
of very ingenious argument, that the legislative
department of this Government is utterly desti-
tute of any offices whatever, unless they consist
in its clerks and pages. He contends that one
whole division of the Government is without any-
body to impersonate it, represent it, embody it,
because its functionaries are not officers of the
Government at all. It seems to me to be idle to
talk about such a construction of the statutes de-
claring disqualifications from all offices as punish-
ment for crime.
I take it, Mr. President, that when the law de-
clares that the crime of bribery in the United
States court disqualifies a man from holding any
office under the Government of the United States
it includes all of them, and especially the highest
and most responsible, winch are the most impoi t-
ant to keep clear from pollution Unless they
can find in the statute itself something that creates
doubt about its extent, as some gentlemen have
found in the Constitution in regard to civil offices,
certain it is that tile general and sweeping terms
in which it is couched include^!! odices, and " all
offices" include all men who act in the offices of
the different depai tments of this Government.
Mr. President, I have now gone overall the
ground that I think necessaiy, and I luive but a
few words to say in conclusion. The honorable
Senator hud a number of weeks in which to
prepare his argument, and after all, when you
put the whole of it together it amounts to this:
treason is no disqualification of olliee, especially
for a Senator; it cannot be made such, because !>y
so doing you will alter the qualifications in the
Constitution; a person who has committed ti ca.son
cannot be excluded unless he has been convicted
by a jut y tn the Suite wheie guilty ami to whu.h
he belong*, and there he cannot be convicted ;
and you must go on with your Constitution with
that infirmity in it. The honorable Sena.ioi pre-
pared and delivered here an eloquent eulogmm
upon (hat instrument, expressive of his admira-
tion for it and his great desire to keep and pre-
serve ii; and yrtif you behove his at gument, the
vain conclusion to which it all comes is, that that
Constitution is incapable of self-picservation.
The gentleman seems to speak of it as if his loy-
ally should propeily be estimated by his gi<\U
love for the Constitution, und he *nys he would
be willing to sullei on that account. Sir, when
a man, however uhk h he may express hisadmi-
ration fur the Constitution, corner to conclusions
in its construction that utteily and absolutely de-
stroy ii,l hardly think a mat tyrdoiu luf the Mip-
portof such principles will e\erenroll his name on
the.^nine toll with I iampden and Sidney.
Mr, President, I am awaic it is generally un-
dei stood in our community that tin' period of our
gieat men has passed away; that the defendets
and the suppoi tei sof the Constitution, those who
expounded and explained it and thoH<> who t n-
foi eed and sustained it, like Webster ami Clay and
Jackson, has passed away. This is often said
with g! eat regret, i at her to our dispai aire mi'nt,per-
haps, in (his body than otherwise. 1 have some
little coii.sojafion, even if that be tiue, in this: 1
think the time h-vs come when tin- community are
not lelymg for their secutity upon a few great
men, the whole ma-^s of the community ate
moi e elevated. \V h.itev ei i may think of the great
brilliancy c<nd ovei.shadowmg power of such men
as those 1 have mentioned, }'<-t 1 cannot but be-
lieve, though I may have some slight vanity in
it, that in the aggi egau; of tins intelligence and in-
formation the Senate now willrfot suiler by any
comparison even with those clays; and though the
defense of the Constitution and the continuance
of its life may be committed to hands even weak
as mine, after all my security is not founded m
the ability of its defender, but in the discernment
of this body, who aie its expounders, and, I hope,
its supporters.
Mi". ANTHONY. Mr. PresUentj I do not pro-
pose to discuss this question. I cetiainly would
not presume to do so m its legal and constitutional
aspects after the speech to which we have just
listened. A law that has been passed by both
Houses of Congress and signed by the President
is constitutional enough for me until it has been
repealed or decided to be unconstitutional by the
appointed tribunal. 1 have very little respect for
that amplitude of learning; which flows all over
a statute until it drowns out and obliterates its
meaning; and none at all for that acuteness of
criticism which refines away the significance of a
law until the plain common sense, which finds no
difficulty in grasping and comprehending it as it
stands, becomes bewildered, and doubtful if it
means anything at all.
But I rose, Mr. President, to call attention to
an authority which, it seems to me, is perfectly
conclusive upon the competency of Congress to
pass this law. In the case of McCulloch vs. The
State of Maryland—a case so important and cele-
brated that it is familiar to tho.se who have not
made the law a professional study—Chief Justice
Marshall holds the following language:
"The powcis vested in Congnjbs. may eeit.unly be car-
ried into execution without preset iliing an oath of office.
The powei to e.xact this secuuly loi the fanhiul perfoim-
ance of duty is not given, not is it imhsjien-ably n#ecs&ary,
The difleient department,-* may be established j taxes may
he unnoted and collected ; ainne^and navied may beiaised
and maintained; and money may be boitowed, without
icqintiin? an oath of office. It might be argued, with a.->
mueh plausibility a* other incidental poweis have been as-
sailed, that the Convention was not unnuiulfui oi thi< sub-
ject. The oatli which might be exacted—lhat of fidelity to
tin* Con^tituiion—is pn.--cubed, and no other can be re-
united Yet he would be chained with insanity whoshould
contend that the Lcjn^lauue might not superadd to the
oalh dnected by the Constitution Mich other oath of office
.in wisdom might suggest."
It seems to me that this authority is perfectly
conclusive upon the subject; that it is almost pro-
phetic in its application to the question before us.
1 do not desire to add anything to it.
Mr. J01 FNtSON. Do you read fiom4Wheat-
on 's Reports ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes,sir; 4 Wheaton,page
4 Hi.
A'Jr HENDRICKS. Mr. President, by the
Constitution of the United States it is required
that S< natoi r; and Representatives shall be bound
by oath or affirmation to its support, and no other
oath or aflhmation was taken by any Senator or
Ilepreseniamp until the present Congiess; nor
was it sought to impose any other oath until by
the act of 2d July, 1862, it was required that the
party assuming any office of the United States
shall first by solemn oath dec!aie,not only lus
fidelity to the Constitution m the future, but that
in the past he has not voluntarily borne arms
against the United States, not given aid, counte-
nance, counsel, or encouragement to persons en-
gaged in armed hostility thereto; and neither
sought nor accepted nor attempted to exercise
the functions of any office under any authority or
pietended authority in hostility to the United
States, nor yielded a voluntary support to any
pretended go\ernment, nuthoiity, power, or con-
stitution within the United States hostile or inim-
ical thei eto. When I took my seat in this Cham-
ber as a Senator from the State of Indiana, al-
though 1 did not believe it could nghtfuliy be
requued, yet, ientmy course nught bo" misunder-
stood by some and me-vom^ti tied by others, anil
as there wa^ nothing in the oath to which I could ■
not wnhout any reservation bind myself, I did !
not contest the question, but \oluntaiiiy, upon
what I esteemed a proper explanation, complied
with the icquirements of the act. Rut, sir, when
it is now sought by a rule of the Senate, proposed
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
Kr.R,J to iequit e this oath of all Senators who may
hui after demand scats in this body, I will not
give the proposition my vote or support. Who-
ever comes here, being duly ejected, and having
the qua I ijicat ions prescribed by the Constitution,
has a i ight to his scat, and his State may well de-
mand it for him. The right of his State to be
represented by him is conferred by the Constitu-
tion c and cannot he denied or impaired by any rule
of tins body or by any act of Congress. I will
not stop to mquiic whether the language of the
act, cousideted m the light of established rules of
construction and ofadjudged cases, includes Sena-
tors and Representatives; but will maintain that
if construed to include them it is so far m con-
flict with the. Constitution and null and void. Nor
will I stop to question that terms may be added
to tfie oath of obedience to the Constitution re-
quired of all officers, hut such additional u rms
cannot add to oi take fiom the qualifications pre-
scribed by the Constitution. The Constitution
provides that " no person shall be aSenator who
shall not have attained the age of thirty years, and
been nine years a citizen of the United States, and
who shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant of
that State for which he shall be chosen." A perV
son not thirty years of age, or who has not been
nine years a citizen, or is not an inhabitant
of the State for which he is chosen, is not quali-
fied to be a Senator, but all other persons are
qualified, and there is no power in the Govern-
ment to disqualify or render them ineligible. By
declaring these three circumstances of disqualifi-
cation, touching the age, citizenship, and resi-
dence of the party, the Constitution excludes
every other disqualification. The rule of con-
struction is well stated by Story in his work on
the Constitution. He says:
"It would seem but fair reasoning, upon the plainest
puncipk's of interpretation, that when the Oonetitminn es-
tablished certain qualifications as neee&sarv foi olliee it
meant to exclude all others as prerequisites. Fiom the very
natuie of *uch a ptovi-ion, the affiunauon of these quali-
fications would seem to imply a negative of all others "
* * * * "A power to add new qualifications
is certainly equivalent to a power to vaiy them."
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
cited the oath required of United States judges by
the judiciary act of 1789, and claimed it as a con-
clusiveprecedentand authority upon the question.
With great deference to that gentleman, both be-
cause of his conceded ability as a jmistand be-
cause of his position in this body at the head of
the Judiciary Committee, I cannot admit that he
has found either a precedent or an authority for
the measure, he now advocates. is true that
the Constitution requires the judges to take an
oath of obedience to it; and it is also true that the
act of 1789 adds terms to that oath; but has it
escaped the attention of the Senator that the oath
of office required of the judges is in no respect retro-
spective, but is altogether prospective, and looks
only to a faithful discluuge of the duties of their
high office? By the terms of that oath no quali-
fications aic superadded to the qualifications pro-
scribed by the Constitution, and no persons are
by it excluded from the bench who are eligible
under the Constitution. When a judge of the
United States courts swears that he will obey the
Constitution, and " will administer justice with-
out respect to persons, and do equa'l right to the
poor and the lich, and impartially discharge and
perform all the duties incumbent upon him," he
gives a solemn assurance ot official fidelity in the
future, but he looks not over his past life; nor is
he required to forswear either follies, faults, or
ciimes. He is not denied the office because he
cannot swear that he is without fault 111 respect
to the law, the Constitution, or, it may be, his
allegiance.
But, sir, the measure now before the Senate is
almost if not altogether otherwise, ltisnot pros-
pective, nordoesitseek to sccuiefidelity in office;
but for the most part is retrospective, and se< ks
to exclude from seats in this Chamber persona
who aie not excluded by the Constitution, and to
establish disqualifications unknown to that insti u-
ment.
It cannot be said that the proposed rule requires
an oath but does not prescribe a qualification, for
if the oath be required an entire class is excluded;
as effectually excluded as if the cause were inter-
polated among the disqualifications prescribed in
the Constitution. Could this body by a rule, or
Congress by a law, require Senators before taking
their scats to take an oath that they arcovei foity
yeais of age, or that they have been twenty-one
yeai s citizens of the United States? All will asaee
that it could not be-done. And why not,"sir?
For the obvious reason that it would be going be-
yond the constitutional disqualifications, and at-
tempting to exclude classes not excluded by that
instrument.
The measure before the Senate is proposed by
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Air. Sumner.]
Will that Senator allow me to remind him that
when he took his seat in this body, twelve yeais
ago, Senators of his political views were in a small
minority; that both branches of Congress were
controlled by men who, standing upon the adju-
dications of every department of the Government,
believed that the Constitution not only allowej
but required legislation on the pait of Congiess
