1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
to expel Joshua R.Giddings; to annex slavehold-
ing Texas for the extension and perpetuation of its
*- power; to open the free territory won from Mex-
ico to its blistering footsteps;to enact an inhuman
fugitive slave Jaw; to repeal the Missouri prohi-
bition of slavery north and west of 36° 30'; to
invade the territory of Kansas, seize the ballot-
boxes, elect a Legislature, enact black codes, mur-
der free State men for no offense, frame a Lecomp-
tfc>n constitution, and attempt to force it upon an
unwilling people by executive power and cor-
ruption-, to promulgate the Dred Scott decision;
to dcmdtfli the incorporation into the Constitution
of the recognition and protection of slavery south
of 36° 30'; the right to carry slaves in transit into,
through, and over free States; the denial of the
right to make the national capital free without the
consent of slaveholding Virginia—the denial of
the right of citizenship and of suffrage to coloured
men in the free States, and a pledge to expend the
treasures of the nation in colonizing free colored
men at the will ofslavemasters. Let them r^nem-
ber, too, that hundreds of thousands of our coun-
trymen in loyal States, since slavery raised the
banners of insurrection, and sent death, wounds,
sickness and sorrow into the homes of the peo-
ple, have resisted, and still continue to resist,
any measure for the defense of the nation, if that
measure tended to impair the vital and animating
poweisof slavery. They resisted the act mak-
ing free the slaves used by rebels for military
purposes; the confiscation of rebel property and
the freedom of the slaves of rebel masters; the
abolition of slavery in tha capital of the nation,
and the consociation of the Territories to free
labor and free laboring men; the proclamation of
emancipation; the enlistment of colored men to
fight the battles of the country; the freedom of
the black soldier, who is fighting, bleeding,dying
for.the country, and the fieedom of his wife and
children. And, now, when war has for nearly
three years menaced the life of the nation, bathed
the land in blood, and filled two hundred thousand
giaves with our slam sons, these menoi the loyal
States still cling to the failing fottunes of the re-
lentless and unappeasable onejny of their counti y
and its democratic institutions. They nioui n,and
will not be comforted, over the expiring system,
in the bolder slave States, and in tones of indig-
nationoj of anguish (hey utter lamentations over
the proclamation of emancipation and the policy
that is bunging rebel States back again, radiant
with freedom.
The past with its crowded memories of the de-
velopment and powei, con upturns and aimes of
fclaveiy, the pnxent with Us lessons to be lead
by every eye, ail demand that the anti-slavery
men of united A inenca should .-vi/e (he liist, the
lastj and every occasion to trample down and
stamp out eveiy vestige of slavery. Let them
sweat it, wutt: it upon the lids of then Bibles, en-
giave it upon their door-posts, and proclaim it in
the face of earth and of heaven, that the barbarous,
treasonable, man-dixhonoi ing, and God-defying
system of human slavery in America shrtll perish
utterly hum the face of the Republic; that its sup-
porteis, apologists, and sympathizers shall never
more giuue the councils or wear the honors of the
emancipated, dismthralled, and regenerated na-
tion.
Engraving on every rood of the vast territo'ics
ol the Republic, on the magnificent foiests and
prairies, valleys and mountains in the cential re-
gions of the continent in letters of light, Sla-
very shall be forever prohibited," obliterating
slavery and annulling the slave code m the cap-
ital of the nation, decreeing under the war pow-
ers moie than Unee million bondmen m the rebel
States thenceforward and forever free," pro-
claiming the emancipation of the sla\c by the
fiat of the nation the instant he vuites his name
on the muster-roll of the defend*, rs of the Repub-
lic, has riven and shivered the slave system into
broken and dismembered fragments; and that
huge and ghastly system now lies prostrate in
the convulsive throes of dissolution. National
lug islatjon, executive actio injudicial decision may
still further wound and weaken, degrade and hu-
miliate the now impotent system that once in the
pnde of power gave law to lepubliean America,
The hideous fugitive slave act still blackens the
statutes of this Christian land, reminding us of
the degradation and humiliation of our country
when the heel of that master was on its neck.
Justice and humanity, self-respect and decency,
all demand that the lingering infamy shall be
obliterated from the page it blackens. The de-
cree of emancipation, too, should be enforced and
sanctioned by measmes of legislation; the colored
soldiers whrt are fighting our battles with unsur-
passed devotion and heroic courage should be en-
titled by law to receive the pay and emoluments
of other soldiers of the Republic,and their wives
and children should be made free by act of Con-
gress, and placed under the protective care of the
country for which their husbands and fathers are
periling liberty and life on battle-fields in spite of
that merciless ban of the rebel leaders which
denies to them the rights and usages of civilized
warfare.
But, sir, the crowning act in this series of acts
for the restriction and extinction of slavery in
America is this proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution prohibiting the existence of siaveiy for-
evcrmore in the Republic of the United States.
If this amendment shall be incorporated by the
will of the nation into the Constitution of'the
United States, it will obliterate the last lingering
vestiges of the slave system; its chattelizing, de-
grading, and bloody codes; its dark, malignant,
barbarizing spirit; all it was and is, everything
connected with it or pertaining to it, from the
face of the nation it has scarred with moral deso-
lation, fiorn the bosom of the country it has red-
dened with the blood and strewn with the graves
of patriotism. The incorporation of this amend-
ment into the organic law of the nation will make
impossible forovermoie the reappeanngofthedis-
carded slave system, and the returning of the des-
potism of the slavemasters' domination.
Then, sir, when this amendment to the Consti-
tution shall be consummated the shackle will fall
from the limbs ol the hapless bondman, and the
lash drop from the weary hand of the taskmaster.
Then the sharp ciy of the agonizing hearts of
severed families will cease to vex the weaiy ear
of the nation,and to pierce the ear of ilim whose
judgments are now avenging the wrongs of cen-
j tunes. Then the Have mart, pen, and auction-
j block, with their clanking fetters for human limbs,
[ will disappear from the land they have brutalized,
1 and the school-house will rise to enlighten the
l darkened intellect of a race imbruted by long
years of enforced ignorance. Then the sacred
lights of human nature, the hallowed family re-
in lions of husband and wife, pai ent and child, will
ho protected by the guardian spirit of that law
which makes sacred alike -the proud homes and
lowly cabins of freedom. Then the scarred eaith,
blighted by the sweat and tears of bondage, will
bloom again under the quickening culture of re-
warded toil. Then the wronged victim of the slave
system, the poor white man, the saud-hiller, the
clay-eater of the wasted fields of Carolina, im-
poverished, debased, dishonored by the system
that makes toil a badge of disgiaci, and the in-
struction of the biam and soul of man a cnmc,
will lift his abashed forehead to the skies and
begin to run the rnee of improvement, progress,
and elevation. Then the nation, "regenerated
and disenthralled by the genius of universal eman-
cipation," will run the career of development,
power, and glory, quickened, animated, and
guided by the son it of the Christian democracy
that 41 pulls not the highest down, but lifts the
lowest up."
Our counti y is now floating on the stormy waves
of civil war. Darkness lowers and tempests
threaten. The waves are rising and foamingand
breaking around us and over us with ingulfing
i fuiy. But amid the thick gloom, the star of
! duty casts its clear radiance over the dark and
\ troubled waters, making luminous our pathway.
: Our duty is as plain to the clear vision of mtel-
' ligent patriotism as though it were written in let-
ters of light on the bending arches of the skies,
i That duty is, with evei y conception of the biam,
every throb of the heart, every aspiration of the
soul, by thought, by word, and by deed to feel,
j to think, to speak, to act so as to obliterate the
iast vestiges of slavery in America, subjugate
tebei slavemasiers to the authority of the nation,
hold up the wenry arm of oui struggling Govern-
ment, crowd with heroic manhood the ranks of
our armies that an1 bearing the destinies of the
country on the points of then glutei mg bayonets,
and thus forevet blast the last hope of the rebel
chiefs. Then the waning star of the lebellion will
go down in eternal night, and the star of peace
ascend the heavens, casting its mild radianceover
fields now darkened by the storms of this fratri-
cidal war. Then, when "the war drums throb
no longer and the battle-Dags are furled," our
absent sons, with the laurels of victory on their
brows, will come back to gladden our households
and fill the vacant chairs around our hearthstones.
Then the star of United America, now obscured,
will reappear, radiant with splendor on the fore-
head of the skies, to illume the pathway and glad-
den the heart of struggling humanity.
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume the Senator
from Kentucky does not desire to go on to-night,
and if not I will move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 28, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Changing.
The Journal of Saturday iast was read and
approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE TO MEMRERS.
Mr. STUART. I ask leave of absence for
two weeks fiom to-day for Mr. Wadsworth, ol
Kentucky, and Mr. Webster, of Maryland.
There being no objection, the leave of absence
was gianted.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional pnpeis in the contested-election case from
New Mexico, of Jose M. Gallegos vs. Fransisco
Perca; which were refericd to the Committee oi
Elections.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the rcguiqf
order of business, to call the States for bills on
leave to be rcfened and not brought back by mo-
tions to reconsider, commcncing with the State of
Maine.
DAVID II. BLL'NK, AND OTHERS.
Mr, DUMONT introduced a hill for the relief
of Dav d H. Blunk, Polly Dufour, widow of John
Francis Dufour, andWilliam Hail, of the county
of Switzerland, State of Indiana, for boats arid
lading sunk, bugit, and destroyed by the na\al
forces ot the United States to prevent General
John Morgan from using the same in carrying
his forces across the Ohio river at Ve vay, Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. DUMONT, the proof in sup-
port of each claim was also referred to the same
committee.
PAY OF FIELD OFFICERS.
Mr. MORRISON introduced a bill for the pay-
ment to field officers of regiments for the time
actually employed in organizing their respective
regiments; which was read a first and second time,
and refci red to the Committee on Military Affairs.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. NORTON introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment of the Constitution;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee oa the Judiciary.
SALARIES or ASSISTANT SECRETARIES.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
fixing the salaries of the Assistant Secretaries of
the severed Departments, and of the First and
Second Assistant Postmaster General; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
MEMORIALS FROM WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, presented the fol-
lowing papers from the Legislative Assembly of
that Teiritoiy; which were severally referred as
indicated below, and ordered to be printed:
Memorial praying Congress for aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Waliula to Fort
Walla-Walla, Washington Territory—to the
Committee on Military AfFairs.
Joint memorial and resolutions in relation to a
road from Lewiston to the head of Hitter Root
valley—to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Memorial relative to a military road from Fort
Steilacoom to FortBeliingham—to the Committee
on Militaiy Afluirs.
