1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
securing the return of fugitive slaves; and thai
good faith, as well as the harmony of the sections
and the unity of the Republic, required that the
laws enacted for that purpose should be faith-
fully executed. As I understand, that Senator
came with avowed convictions adverse to the con-
stitutional power of Congress to enact laws upon
that subject, and disclaiming all obligation on the
part of the citizen to aid m their enforcement.
Now, sir, had Congress by law, or the Senate by
a rule, required that Senator, before taking his
seat, by solemn oath or affirmation to declare
that in the past he had given no countenance,
counsel, or encouragement to persons engaged in
resisting the execution of the fugitive slave laws,
and that in the future he would be loyal to then
requirements and obligations, what course would
the honorable Senator then have felt it his duty
to pursue? If animated by the lofty sentiments
of the great men his State has produced, he would
have returned to her and at her feet laid down the
commission she had put m his hands and the
robes of office she had placed upon his shoulders,
and made report to her that he had been denied
his seat in a " Senate of equals;" that terms had
been required of him unknown to the Constitu-
tion; and that it was for the ancient Common-
wealth to maintain her Federal rights and equality,
and to vindicate her wounded honor. To resist
the laws of the United States in South Carolina
is a grievous crime: but, sir, is it any less a crime
in Massachusetts? The act in either State dis-
turbs the foundations of public authority; and,
upon principle, as well may test oaths and solemn
disclaimers of crime be required of Senators from
the one State as from the other. As a question
of constitutional right, he who comes here, being
duly chosen by a sovereign State,and having the
constitutional qualifications, is entitled to demand
his sent, and to deny it is to break the Federal
compact.
The proposition before the Senate, Mr. Presi-
dent, involves other and quite as important con-
siderations. It reaches to questions involved in
the leorganization and reconstruction of the Fed-
eral Union. This war cannot continue forever.
The time will come when it shall have ceased to
agitate the world, leaving, it may be, scenes of
desolation to mar the face of ourcountry; society
distracted; and, scattered upon every side, ihe
broken " columns and arches5' of our institutions.
Then will arise the questions that appertain to a
state and condition of peace. To restore and re-
establish will then he the duty of the statesman.
Is it not well now, sir, to anticipate that condition
of our affairs, and to avoid that which may len-
der the duty and labor of reconstruction more
difficult?
Foi myself individually, for the State which,
in connection with my distinguished colleague, I
represent, and for the gieat political party of that
State of which I am a member, I deelaie the res-
toration of the American Union upon the Ivsis of
the Constitution to be the highest political good
we seek; and, sir, I will aid to dig no deep ditches
and to build no high walls to sepaiate the people
of the North and of the South; but will the rather
labor to remove every obstruction and impedi-
ment; to tear down the walls by this Administration
already built,and throw bridges acrosstheditches
already dug, that the people may come together
again and dwell in harmony as in the days of our
fathers. This is demanded by every coum<Icra-
tion lestmg upon the glories of the pa^t, the in-
terests of the present, and the hopes of th" future.
When the war shall have done its work by break-
ing the armies and destroying the tm'utary powei
of the rebellion, upon what principle and plan are
the States and people to be brought together'' 1 he
proposition before the Senate rests upon the meas-
ure of the entire subjugation of tin1 people of the
South, and the policy ot holding them in such sub-
jection by the military power of the Government,
treating each peisou who may have hcen con-
nected with the rebellion as a public < nemy and dis-
franchised ci iminol. Vast, sir,asourresou cesate,
they are not sufficient to maintain permanently a
military force such as this policy would require;
firmly 'fixed as are the principles of mil liberty
in the American mind, they cannot withstand the
influences of astanding army of such gigantic pro-
portions: and strong as on r position may be among
the nations of the civilized world for the gieat
qualities we have displayed, yet wo may not with
impunity defy the judgment of mai&ind by the
treatment of a conquered foe that would find a
parallel only in the case of broken, bleeding, glori-
ous Poland. The civilization of this age, the per-
petuity of our form of government, and the great
interests of the people which would clusteraround
a restored Union, demand that the returning States
come with all their " dignity, equality, and rights
unimpairedand that to the people, with such
exceptions as the public safety may require, a free
pardon be extended, upon the condition only of
fidelity to the Constitution, the Union, and the
flag.
Aside from considerations of policy, is not the
sentiment of magnanimity, kindness, and gener-
osity towaid a fallen foe an oi namentto manhood,
appreciated and honored w herever found, whether
in individuals or nations ? Sir, if our country can
be saved and ancient attachments revived, who
is so base as to interpose his animosities to delay
or hinder so great a blessing to the world ?
The appeal to passion is easily made that
Davis, Toombs, and Shdell, and their associates,
the leadeis in the rebellion, must not be allowed
to resume seats in the Senate, and we often wit-
ness avast deal of patriotic indignation at the men-
tion of such a possibility. Now, sir, I cannot
express sentiments of sucli decided gratification
at such association as have been attributed to the
j distinguished Secretary of State. I have not en-
| tortained the thought nor contemplate! the pos-
sibility, for the plain reason that they can never
come here as Senators. The failure of the rebel-
lion is their failure, and its fall their fall; and they
will be occupied rather in looking after their
personal safety than in seeking official positions.
For the authors of the rebellion I have no defense
to make and no apologies to uige. Within ihe
Constitution they might demand, and the north-
ern Dcmociacy cheerfully conceded and fought to
maintain, the rights our fathers agreed they should
enjoy, bat outside the Constitution they are enti-
tled to neither our support nor sympathy. But,
sir, in the southern States there aie millions of
persons who did not contnbute to bunging on the
revolution, but over whom the government dc
facto of the confederate States was established, and
which has asserted and maintained its authority
for nearly thiee yeais. Offieeis were chosen and
Iawtv enacted whose authority individuals could
not successfully resist. Taxes weio paid, wilts
obeyed,commercial regulations respected,confed-
erate currency paid and received, and military
levies enforced, and all under the authoiity of a
government de facto, and m the absence of the
protecting power of the Govei nment of the United
States. Is it right, is it just to treat a people so
cncuinstaiiced as ciimuials, to whom no pardon
shall be extended oftei they shall have returned
to their allegiance except upon terms humiliating
and d'-busing ? Duung the debate upon the con-
fiscation hill in 1^60 the honorable Senator from
Veimont [Mr. Collamjcr] expri sxed views upon
this subject so foicible in themseh es, and coming
from so'disiinguished a soutee, that I may with
propriety refer to them. He said:
u I will remaik another thinr. The-e men liave estab-
lished a dc lath ^ovrnnniit ove> Unit people. Jl a man
find ■> him-eli in a dc (ado  o\ cmue iit w Inch he cannot ru-
-I'xt. ami bn> no power to control, wh.it :ne the limit" and
mea-mcs n( his obligation*;? It leqmres. a brave man to
j-av that he u.il wai upon it liccatw In1 thinks it J«. a tiMirp-
a;ion. It won id be a hold man who would now, ' The
Cnit-'d State- made a lehelhon agaiPM 'uimlatid. andall the
prer-ent power \ oil have, national and State, it*,ell hill a
iiMn p.niMi ; I do not owe n an} ot>' find I will nor
obej it - Jt'iw idle it won'd bo foi an individual, a weak
man. to talk tn that way. Jiu-t -o it is* with the people m
tho i' Slab'-. Howevei loyal then feeling, a g-ivi'iruiient
r'<r /<«•nvot thorn ; they cannot 'lot away; th<-\ h.vv <■ ik«-
wi i" i c to i;o ; thev have no'hins to co witn. What would
yon have a man (hue to do: What iu^ thw nation a mjlit
in demand ot luin:
'• I?ut si i*- -aid ♦ men have actually taken office there
undei that government: thev h iv> had The audacity to do
that since that government has been established over
them." J do not p'ofea-s to be vesy hignly vet-ed m t!io
ethics ot polities, but I am lend of looking to examples
that are biisrht and hnjh. At the tune ot the teh-Mlion under
Ciomwell, which had evuhi'-Wd a government dc fc.cto
ovei tho people of England. and had put down the exit-ring
. Goveiutmnt. application was made to ChiefJustice H.ne
1 —a man whose clmiaeter t-tamU high, peihap<. anv
in the annals ot Christian judire-.—to take the place ot Chief
Jiw-ce. lie being opposed to that government. Justice Hale
I consulted with a couple ot hi-. tuemK (b:-hojv,) and after
lull deliberation came to rh;> conchi-urn : * Justice must be
adnum-b,i',d; tho i ighN betu ecu man and man m'M he
adjudged upon ; sonn-body mu-T hold eosiiN ; I can consider
it no-in to j",lee an orhee nndei a -v/iicto government,
tuoti"ii Jl i■> a u-uipit on.* 11'. leek it, nntl the man was
not adjudged guilty of treason upon the restoration of Charles
J1. He continued ui position over afterw.uds. In all the
troubles between the house ofYoik an<d the house ofLa^i-
castei, tn the wai* of the Roses, when [evolutions were
constant and frequent, one day a loan of tins family upon
the tlnone nnd the next day one of the other, as eaily
as the pciiod of Henry VII aVtatuto was passed which has
abided in England through all the \evolutions afterwards,
that no man should be adjudged guilty ot treason because
he was obedient to the reigmng king, no mattei if he was
a usuipation. Such, sir, is ibcicspcctpaidbythc woild,and
especially that part of the world irom which we sprung, to
a de facto government, and the nations of ihe eaith deal
with them as governments, no mattei what the usurpation."
There accompanied the President's recent mes-
sage a proclamation of conditional pardon to a
portion of the people of the South, presenting the
executive plan of reconstruction, to which it is
proper in this connection to refer. By issuing
the proclamation the President assumes that the
time has now come in the prosecution of the war
when it is proper for us to offer terms of concil-
iation and adjustment; and as the proclamation is
addressed to'tlie people in rebellion, the question
forces itself upon every candid mind, is it likely
to reach and influence them so as to restore peace
and union; or, on the other hand, is it likely to
prove a stumbling-block and a hinderance?
That some persons may properly be excluded
from executive clemency 1 will not now question;
but in the proclamation the excepted and excluded
classes are so numerous and so potential as prob-
ably to defeat it as a peace measure. Of those to
whom the pardon is offered an oath is required
as a condition so objectionable in its terms, and
to which such extiaoidinary consequences are at-
tached, as to an ay against the measure hostility
both in the South and in the North. Each per-
son is icquired to swear fidelity to the Constitu-
tion and the Union. That is eminently right and
proper. But then he must also swear that he will
"abide by and faithfully support all acts of Con-
giess" and "all proclamations of the President
passed and made during the existing rebellion
having reference to slavery." This language
would seem to include laws and proclamations
hereafter l;> be pussed and made as well as those
already known to the countiy. And is it not
most extraordinary, and a ciuel thing, that a
condition of a geneutl pardon, which the. peace
and happiness of the country demand, men shall
become bound by oath to "abide by and iaith-
fuily support" that which they cannot know?
The great body of the people of the South, and a
very powerful element hi northern society, con-
stituting. as 1 believe, a decided majority of the
people of the United States, do not believe that
mueh of the legislation of the last Congress, and
tho proclamations of the President on the subject
of slavery in the States,  >re sanctioned by the
Constitution; but, on the contrary, they believe
them in palpable violation thereof. Plow, then,
sii, is it proper to lequire of such men, in the
same oath, to swear that they will "henceforth
faithfully suppoit, piotect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States," and in like man-
ner that they will "abide by and faithfully sup-
port"actsand piociHtuations which they honestly
believe violathe and subversive of that instru-
ment?
In his letter to the Springfield convention of
last fall, the President quaintly said, " &ut the
proclamation,as iaw,Hither is valid oris not valid.
If it is not valid it needs no retraction; if it is
valid it cannot be retracted anymore than the
dead can be brought to life." tf not valid men
ought not to be sworn to its support; and it is a
homMe condition of a pardon that a man shall
be sworn to the support of an invalid and uncon-
stitutional proc'ltirnauofci. But if valid the Pre&i-
dent claims foi it tho force and effect of law—that
it did its workjjtf'o^rtd vigare, by the instant free-
dom of the slaves; and if so why invoke to its
aid the oaths of the people so to regard it? It
indicates a doubt, if not a conviction, on the part
of the President adverse to its validity when he
appeals to the slaveholders by the hope and as 
suiancc of pardon upon the condition of becom-
ing bound by oath to treat their slaves as free.
By this last proclamation the President under-
takes to assure the country that whenever so
many as one tenth of the voting population in
either of the States of Ai kansas, Texas, Louisi-
ana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia,
Florida, South Carolina, and Nmth Carolina,
shall have token the oath which he prescribes,
