1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ^
Memorial praying for the establishment of a
semi-monthly mail service, by steamer, between
San Francisco and PortTownsend,Pugetsound—
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Memorial relative to an appropriation of lands
to the Nisqually Road Company—to the Com-
mittee an Roads and Canals.
Memorial praying for an appropriation for the
erection of fortifications at the mouth of the nar-
rows at Point Defiance and Gig Harbor at the
points reserved by the Government for that pur-
pose—to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Joint resolution relative to an amendment to the
organic act of Washington Territory—to the
Committee on Territories.
SIXTH STREET WEST.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, introduced a bill
authorizing the opening of Sixth street west;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
.ADDRESS BY HON. GEORGE THOMPSON.
Mr. ASHLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion, and demanded the previous question on its
adoption:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be granted to the
Washington Lectin e Association on Wednesday evening,
the 6tli of Apnl, at winch time an address vvilJ be delivered
by Don. Geoige Thompson, kite a member of the British
Pailiament, the proceeds of which, afterpayment of ex-
penses, to be distributed among the families, of the Distiict
volunteers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask to have a letter read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
upon the table, if the gentleman proposes to
let the resolution be debated. •*
# The SPEAKER, if debate arise, the resolu-
tion must go over.
Mr. ASHLEY. I want it acted upon to-day.
I insist upon my demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Let me make
a statement relative to this and other applications
which I have from the Doorkeeper.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Alien, Ancona, Daily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin. liiandegee, Brooks, James S. Brown,Clay,
Cravens, Eldridgc, Ganson, Gnder, Gnswold, Hale, Hall,
Hauling, Harrington, IJerriek, Ho!man, Law, Marey, James
It. Morns, Morri.-on, Noblo, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Ro-
gers. James S. Rollins, Scott, John B. .Steele, VVilhain G.
Steele,Sweat,Thomas, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, and
Wiufi. Id—37.
IV^YS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Fianeis P. IMan, Blow,
Boutwcll, Bojd, Bioornail, Ambtose W. Clark, Freeman
Claikc, Cole, Thomas T. Davn, Deimng, Dixon. Dn<rg-<,
Dumonr, EckJey, Ehot, Garfield, Gooch, Gmnieli. Hofcii-
kifcs, Asahcl W. flulibaul, John U. Iluhbaul, Ilulburd,
Jenekex, Julian, Ka:?i>on, Kclley,FranceYV. Kellogg, Loan,
Me Bride, Mooihead, Morrill, Amo* Mvei<?, Notion. Cliailrs
O'Neill, Oith, Patteiton, Peihain, Pike, Price, Alexander
H. Rice, John H. Rice, Edw.ild II. Uollms, Shannon,
Smithers, Spalding, Stevens, Tmey, Up^on, Van Valkeu-
l)urgh,E!iIiu B. Washburne, Wilson, and Windom—59.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. GRINNELL. Is this not for the purpose
of furnishing the soldiers of the District with
money?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; and a lecture by a
man who set the ball of disunion in motion, and
occasioned all this bloodshed which now devas-
tates the country. 1 demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The veas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 39; as follows:
Yf'AS—Mos>sis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D.
Baldwin, Baxtei, Beaman, Blaine, Francis P. Blair. Blow,
Boutwcii, Bo\d. Bioopiall, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Cliitke, Conb. Cole, Thomas T. Doming, Dixon.
Brijig-. Dnm'ont, Kekiey, Ehot, Fainsworth, Garfield,
Gooci;, Gi mnell; 11 i<jb\, Hoicbkiss. A*ibul W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubb.mi, Ilulbuid, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson,KeJ-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Loan, McBride, MeClurg, Moor-
iiead, Moirill, Amos Myers, Norton, Ohaiies O'Neill, Ortii,
Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Piice, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice,Edward H. Rollins, Shannon, Smithers,
Spalding,Stevens, Tracy, Upson, yanYalkenbqrgh. 3$htm
B..VVashburne, and Wilson—64.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Augus-
tus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Brandegee, Brooks, James S. Brown,
Chanler, Clay, Cravens, Eklndge, Ganson, Grider, -Hall,
Harding, Herrick, Ho!man,Knapp,Law, Marey, James R.
Moifis, Morrison, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn,
Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Scott, John
B. Steele, William 6. Steele, Stuart, Sweat,Thomas, Web-
ster, Wheeler, and WInfield—39.
So the resolution was agreed to. ;
During the call of the roll, . v
Mr. ANCONA stated thatMr. C0FFR0THwas
detained from the House by the severe sickness
of his wife, in Philadelphia.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Stiles was
paired off with Mr. Marvin.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vofe
last taken; and~also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SERVICES BY STATE TROOPS.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish this House with any information in his possession in
reference to the claims of State.-, for the payment for ser-
vices rendered by State troops to the General Government
at any time during the present war, stating the character
of such services and the amount of the claims.
CADETS AT WEST POINT.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to fur-
nish tins House with any repeals or other information in
his possession m relation to a plan for competitive exam-
inations for admittance of cadets to the Military Academy
at West Point.
COURTS-MAltTIAL, ETC.
Mr. PENDLETON introduced the following
resolution, upon which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
sttuctcd to inquire whether any legislation is necessary to
give the, civil courts power to levise and annul the pioceed-
ings ofcourts-maitial and miliMiy commissions in cases in
winch they have exceeded then juusdiction, m order more
effectually to secuie the light ot tual by juiy to all persons
riot in the kind or naval lorcesoi.in the iniiitiawhcn in
actual service in time ot war or public danger.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote last taken; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (H. R. No. 312) to increase the pen-
sion of revolutionary pensioners now on the roll of
the Pension Office, with an amendment; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
AMENDMENTS TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. STEVEN'S offered the following resolu-
tion, and upon it demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved hythe Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
following articles be proposed to the several States as
amendments to the Constitution of the United States;
Article I. Slavery and involuntary servitude, except
for the punishment of crimes whereof the paity shall have
been duly convicted, is foiever piohibited in the United
States and all its Teuitories.
Art. So much ot aiuele four, section two, as refers
to ike delivery upot peisons held to service or labor escap-
ing into anotlipr State is annulled.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman propose
to )iut the resolution oil its passage now .'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware.
He demands the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objects to
the resolution, the first question is, ''Shall this
joint resolution be rejected?" this being the first
reading.
- Mr. ALLEY. Is it in order to move a division
of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. This
is not in the nature of a simple resojution which
is divisible. It is in the nature of a bill, and the
Chair kn,ows.  . i^esy-itr .which a bill e&n be di-
vided. " , , , -, . ,
The previous question was. seconded, aftd th£ <
main question was ordered to be_p:at, '■
Mr. A'NCONA.. I demand the yeas and nsxys
upon the motion to lay on the table.. , : . ; V
The yeas and nays were ordered.' . '
The question was put; andit;wasii£cided iu the
negative—yeas 38, nays 69; ^ follows •. , *r <■
JBAS—Mesfrg. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augusftis jS.
llilwlll. RliKa' Rmnk.<_ Inmrra' R Rmwr,
ICnapp, Law, Marey, James .E. Morris, MMMBd, .Jfijble;
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, SanmeJJ, R;uid;iU,Iloger.s,
James S. Br)llins, Ross, Scott, Jolm B Steele, WiJUam G.
Steele, Sweat, Winfield, and Yeainan—08.
IVAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
Icy, B.iily, Jolm D. Baldwin, Baxter^ Beaman, Blaine,
Blow, Boutvveii, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomali, Ambrose W.
Clark, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Ravis,ThomasT.D#vis,
Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont, Ei'kley, Eliot, Frank,
Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Higby, Hooper, HGtetojcis^, 4saliel
W.I-Xubbard, John M. f)iU f>;ird, llulijurtl, k'as-
son, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, I.ongyear, KleBriSe,
McCI&rg, Moorhead, Morrill, -Norton, .Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Priee^ Alexander H. Eice,
Jolm H. Rice, Edward H. Kollfns, Sehenek, ;Shftrinoil,
Smitliers, Sp.alding, Stevens, Thomas, 'Jvraey, Uiison, Van
Valkenburgh, Elibu B. Washbunifc, Webster, VViiaJey,
Wilson, and Windom—69. r
So the House, refused to lay the resolution oil
the table.
During the roll-call, ' ' _
Mr. A. MYERS stated that upon this question
he was paired with Mr. Lazear, else he should
have voted "no."
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague, Mr. L. Myers, was still detained
from the House by sickness in his fariiily, and
was paired with Mr. .Miller, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STUART stated that lie was paired With
Mr. Thayer, or he would have voted "ay." :
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. HOLSN^AN. I rise to a question of order.
I made the point of order that upon this motion,
there not being two thirds of the vote against the
rejection of this bill, it does in fact amount to its
rejection under the Constitution. ' '
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The pointof order might bjs good
upon iha passage of the resolution, but not pre-
viously. The Constitution.snyp that Corigress,
whenever two thirds of both Houses deem'it ne-
cessary, shall propose amendments to the Con-
stitution. That question must bg determined on
the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to modify the
resolution by withdrawing the second article.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman cannot do that except upon amendment
after the joint resolution shall haye.been read the
second time.
Mr. STEVENS. Is the previous question
exhausted ?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the question of
rejection.
The joint resolution then received its second
reading.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is now open
to amendment, commitment, or engrossment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out .the
second article.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
.60, noes 5.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Brooks, and Rollins of New Hamp-
shire, to act as tellers.
The House divided, and for some time no
quorum voted.
The SPEAKER. The rule requiring mem-
bers present to vote is imperative. The Clerk
will read it.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 31. Every member who shall be in the House when the
question is put ;-haJi give iiis vote, unless the House shall
excuse him.1'
The SPEAKER. The House will see that the
language of the rule is imperative; that member#
in the House shall vote unless they have been
previously-^excused by the House. The Chair
can only appeal to" members to obey the rules
which they require him to carry out. *
The division was then completed; an4 the tell-
ers reported—ayes 72, noes 26.
'So the amendment was agreed to
