2302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
Mr. TEN EYCK. I wish to have the sense of
the Senate or) this proposed amendment. I un-
derstand that its effect will be to take about three
hundred dollars, which is the value of the rations
n paymaster's clerk receives, from the emolu-
ments be will receive if the amendment does not
prevail. The fourth section of the House amend-
ment which it is proposed to amend reads as fol-
lows:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act the pay of clerks of paymasters m the Army
of the United States shall be $1,200 per annum.
The proposed amendment is to add to that sec-
tion the words " without rations," so that the
effect of the amendment, if it prevails, will be to
confine the salary of the paymasters' clerks to
§1,200 per annum, $100 a month. As salaries
are being paid, to efficient officers discharging du-
ties of this responsible character that in my opin-
ion will be too low. Most of the paymasters'
clerks are men of efficiency in business; the char-
acter of their employment requires that they
should be so, and the responsibility is a very
great one. They receive, I think, now about one
thousand dollars a year.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think they receive
seventy-five dollars a month,and a ration a day.
Mr. TEN EYCK. My impression is from what
I have heard on this subject, though I have not been
particularly informed, that the. receipts of a pay-
master's cleric heretofore have been about one thou-
sand dollars per annum. 1 know that many men
who were in quite good business at home sought
these positions with the idea that they were to bet-
ter their condition by them; some of them men of
good business qualifications, and married persons;
arid they have found that they cannot possibly
live and maintain themselves hereon that salary,
and many of them have held on with a hope and
expectation that theirsalaries would be increased.
I tniiik we should do more harm and injury to
the public service in this branch of it by adopting
a measure which will in a!i probability deprive
the public service of the services of men of good
character, men of the class that have been em-
ployed in these positions, than by suffering the
section to stand as the House of Representatives
have passed it. With that view, I shall content
myself with asking for a vote of the Senate on the
amendment proposed by the committee.
Mr.WILSON. The House ofRepresentatives,
in the fourth section of their amendments to this
bill, provide that hereafter the pay of clerks of
paymasters in the Army shall be §1,200 per an-
num. I believe now the paymasters' clerks
receive $700 per annum and their traveling ex-
penses, or so much a mile when traveling, and a
ceitain amount for rations, amounting, [ think, to
about two hundred and seventy dollars a year.
Their whole pay is about nine hundred and sev-
enty dollars a year, including the rations. The
^Senate Committee on Military Affairs thought
■this a very large increase from $700 to $1,200 for
these officers. We thought that if we allowed
these clerks $1,200 without rations, when they
have heretofore had $700 with rations and their
actual traveling expenses, it would be sufficient.
We propose to put them on the same footing with
Hi st-clasti clerks in the various Departments here,
$1,200 a year, without any ration. If they get the
ration they will get something like one thousand
four hundred and seventy dollars. We thought
this a very large increase. We thought $1,200
a year would be ample, and therefore we offered
this amendment to insert the words " without
rations," so that they will get tho round sum of
$1,200 a year.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is true that the amount
which the bill will give, as it js proposed to be
.amended, is the same as is given to many of the
-clerks in the civil departments of the Government;
■but tho responsibility of this particular class of
.clerks is very great.
Mr. WILSON. That is the paymaster's re-
sponsibility.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is the paymaster's
responsibility; but the paymaster, in the nature
•of things, is obliged to trust to his clerk,and he re-
quires a bond from the clerk, and the Government
requires a bond from the paymaster, and that bond
is about twenty thousand dollars. 1 have reason to
know that a good many of these paymasters have
Joatvvery considerably, either by the want of in-
tegrity on the part of their clerks or by the want
of efficiency; and the paymasters with whom I
have conversed have become satisfied that such a
salary should be offered as would secure first-rate
men. It is not only the capacity that we want,
but it is the character that we want. There is
not one of these paymasters' clerics now who is
considered as entirely adequate to the duties of
the station, considering all its responsibility and
capacity, who cannot get more by going into
private employment than he is getting here. The
amount now, I believe, is about eight or nine
hundred dollars a year. This will raise it to
$1,200 if you take away the ration, and the whole
increase will be some two or three hundred dol-
lars. The ration amounts to between two and
three hundred dollars, I believe—$270 I am told.
This, then, would give them $1,470 without the
amendment of the committee.
Now, I submit to the Senate, looking to the
character of the service that these men are obliged
to perform, that that is quite a small sum to give
them; and no matter how vigilant the paymaster
may be, it is impossible that he shall not be obliged
at times to rely on the capacity and integrity of
his clerk. 1 hope, therefore,that theamendment
proposed by the committee will not be adopted,
but that these clerks will get their $1,200, as the
other House intended, with the ration.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is another reason,
I understand, why this amendment should not
be adopted. I understand that the paymasters'
clerks who are constantly compelled to travel in
discharge of their duties have no allowance for
that. 1 understand that out of their salary they
have to pay their traveling expenses, and that
would probably reduce the net salary proposed
to be allowed as low as that of the first-class
clerks in the Departments, and they certainly
have much higher responsibilities than first-class
cleiks in the Departments.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, there are
four classes of clerks in the Departments, first,
second, third, and fourth class, with the respect-
ive salaries of $1,200, $1,400, §1,600, and $1,800.
I venture to say there is not a clerk in either one
of these ^Departments of any value who has not
been advanced one or two grades in his clerkship
within the period of time that most of the clerks
of paymasters have been in the service; and 1 my-
self have no idea from the little knowledge 1 have
of the relative duties pei formed by these different
classes of persons, that the duties and responsi-
bilities of the clerks in the Departments approxi-
mate at all to the responsibilities and duties of the
paymasters' clerks in the Army. Many of them
from the North are in the South, at New Orleans,
near Charleston, and at other points, exposed to
all kinds of hardships and exposures, want of
quarters and everything of that kind, and many
of them, scores of them, are first-rate men whom
the Government cannot very well have displaced
that a new lot may come in untried and inex-
perienced. It cannot well afford to lose the ser-
vices of those men who must resign these positions,
many of them, unless this increase of salary shall
take place. I have never shown a disposition to
encroach on the Treasury; and yet I can under-
stand that there is as much reason m thisthingas
there is in giving $5,000 to the head of the new
bureau which we are aboutestablishing, although
the relative service of each class of officers is very
different. I do not mean to make any struggle
about it or contest it, but it strikes me as being
manifestly just and reasonable, and therefore it is
that 1 insist upon a vote on the amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am in favor of the
highest salary proposed by the honorable Sena-
tor from New Jersey for the clerks of paymasters,
and would vote for even a higher one. The pay-
master's clerk discharges a more important and
responsible duty than clerks here m your Depart-
ments, and you pay some of them $1,800. A pay-
master of necessity is constantly on the move,
and he has to take his clerk with him. Every
month, or every two months—that is as often, I
believe, as they are paying now—they travel from
the place where they make their payments to the
place where they receive their money, the gen-
eral headquarters, wherever that may be. You
propose to make them discharge the most respons-
ible duty of a paymaster in that department, that
they shall do all this traveling and all this ser-
vice for $1,200 a year. It is_entirely too small
and ought to be more.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before I vote I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs if, in addition to this compensation, these
clerks will be entitled to traveling expenses under
the law if this amendment be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I am not able to answer that
question definitely; but I have always understood
that the pay of a paymaster's cletk was $700 a
year, actual traveling expenses, no more,and one
ration a day,.and that the ration in the aggregate
amounted to about two hundred and seventy dol-
lars a year, making about nine hundred and sev-
enty dollars in all. This increase of pay, as I
understand it, would be an addition of$500 a year
toeach paymaster'sclerk. Thecommiiteethought
it too large an increase. That they had too little,
nobody can doubt. The pay is very small, $700
a year to a competent man. We thought, how-
ever,that $1,200 a year without any rations, put-
ting them on the same footing with first-class
clerks, would be about right. If the Senate thinks
otherwise, very well,
Mr. HENDERSON. I presume that if these
clerks were entitled to traveling expenses before
they certainly will be under the law if theamend-
ment be passed as now proposed.
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. In that view of thesub-
ject, I shall vote against any increase of pay-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I never heard that they get
any traveling expenses.
Mr. HENDERSON. We certainly ought to
be able to determine about that. That is a very
important consideration. If traveling expenses
are paid to these clerks it ought to be known.
Mr. JOHNSON. If there are any traveling
expenses pahi they are actual traveling expenses*
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a very great item.
Mr. JOHNSON. My impression is they are
not allowed anything.
Mr. HENDERSON. My impression is- that
they were always paid their actual traveling ex-
penses and something more, so much a mile for
the actual amount of travel. It seems to me
highly important that we should know in refer-
ence to this matter if traveling expenses are paid.
My impression is that this is a sufficient com-
pensation, and I shall vote against the increase. I
shall vote against it from a very general principle
which actuates me in this matter. I do not know
that any very gieat demand has been made on
Congress to inciease the compensation of these
clerks. We are increasing the compensation of
almost every offlcerconnected with the Army, and
of privates. Against the latter I make no com-
plaint; but wherever an opportunity is-presented
of making a new office we make it and given emol-
ument and compensation that, it seems to me,
we ought to avoid with the finances of the Gov-
ernment in their present condition. We are in-
creasing compensations to such an extent that if
carried on for another year at the same rate, (and
it may be that we shall not get through with this
war in another year,) I fear that our finances will
break down under the load that we are imposing
on them, arid in my judgment it is j.ust as im-
portant to guard against a failure of finances as
to guard againsta failure of our troops in the field;,
and certainly we are legislating somewhat reck-
lessly here day after day in reference to every
important point. We cannot expect to carry on
this war after our condition is such that we can-
not borrow money any longer to conduct it. We
must rely upon loans in order to conduct it, be-
cause it cannot be exoected that the people can
bear the taxation from year to year necessary to
raise $1,000,000,000. When once we have broken
down the credit of the Government, (and we
cannot do it more successfully than by increasing
salaries in every shape and form,) wecannotex-
pect then to make loans to carry it on. it really
seems to me that we are pursuing rather a reck-
less course,such a course as an individual would
likely pursue if he had made up his mind that he
did not intend to pay his debts. We are acting
with a degree of extravagance m increasing pay
where it has not been asked. 1 have never been
aware that paymasters' clerks have made any
representation to Congress on this subject. Have
they done so ?
