1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
3279
others who have not been counted, it will make
a surplus of over 5,000. I annex a statement
showing this surplus:
Tabular statement of Major Clarke, Acting Assistant Pro-
voct Maishal Geneiat, June 4, 1864, showing a deficiency
of 1,598
But lie cliarses u< 38,170
General Fry charges us 37,238
  934
Deficiency  664
TlireeyeaiK'vnlunteersfiom April i, to May 31,1864,
(Major Vincent's return,) 2,423
Enlistments ut regular A] my same time  291
  2,714
Surplus June 1, 1864 2,050
To which should be added reserve corps enlistments
since May 1, naval enlistments since same tune,
and enlistments of colored troops since April 15,
1864, estunatedat 3,000
Actual surplus   5,050
We have not done any more.
Mr. COX. What proportion were enlisted in
Massachusetts? What proportion were colored
men? How many were enlisted in Maryland ?
How many in Ohio? How many in Canada? How
many in this city where there is now an agency
for the purpose of recruiting men for Massachu-
setts ?
Mr. DAWES. 1 have just now stated that this
did not include any colored troops since the 1st
day of April. Before that time we had enlisted
no great number of colored troops, except our
fifty-fourth regiment, which has won laurels of
which even an Ohio regiment might be proud.
Mr. BOUTWELL. My chief purpose in de-
siring to obtain the floor is to state to the House
the reasons by which I have been controlled thus
far in refusing to vote for the proposition to re-
peal the commutation clause of the enrollment
act. In the first place, I have given the vote in
deference to what I suppose to be the publicsen-
timentof the country. 1 understand that substan-
tially—not exactly,pel haps—but substantially the
calls for troops by the President have been met.
I thought, tube suie, from the observations of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] made this
morning, that he supposed that because the Rep-
resentatives on this iloor from Massachusetts had
refused to support the repeal of the commutation
clause as recommended by the Military Commit-
tee, they were prepared to indorse the observa-
tion which that gentleman made on the previous
day when this subject was under discussion; an
observation which 1 thought unfortunate; an ob-
servation which I thought calculated to alarm the
countiy; an obseivation which I thought calcu-
lated to give strength, courage, and confidence to
its enemies; an observation which, if my mem-
ory served me, to the very last words and the very
last letter used, I would not repeal* here or else-
where, even in the way of quotation. And to-day
I thought when he was referring to Massachu-
setts that he supposed, inasmuch as we took the
responsibility of difiering from the judgment of
the Military Committee, that therefore we were
prepared to abandon this war, to sacrifice the
country, and to involve it in irretrievable ruin.
If it was his intention to suggest to the House and
the country that Massachusetts or a man of hers
who has a right to speak on her behalf here or
elsewhere had come to any such conclusion, then
he misunderstood if he did not intentionally mis-
represent that State.
Mr. GARFIELD. Do the gentleman's re-
ma! ks apply to me?
Mr. BOUTWELL. To no other man upon
tins floor.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 wish to say that I have
made no lefeience whatever to Massachusetts;
have never in my life intimated by any word i
have uttered that Massachusetts was derelict of
duty, for if I love any State in the Union better
than my own it is Massachusetts, and I trust the
gentleman from Massachusetts will not do me
the wrona, of intimating that I intentionally or
unintentionally said anythmgupon thisfioor dis-
respectful to that State. What I said in my clos-
lii" remarks before the House when this subject
was last up, and which liavebeen leferied tothis
morning am! eiiticised, 1 believe to be ti ue. Phe
same tiling lias been declared in higher places
than mine, and we have got to meet it. It is
courageous to meet it,and cowardly notto meetit.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I judge no man, but 1
was able to connect the observations made upon
one occasion with those made upon another.
The gentleman recollects the remark made the
previous day, which was an expression of his
opinion of the effect of a certain vote given, in
which vote the delegation from Massachusetts
participated; and I recollect that to-day he called
the special attention of this House and of the
country to the previous history of Massachusetts
and to her conscription act of 1693. I may have
erred in the inference to be drawn from those re-
marks, and if I have so erred I have done injus-
tice to the gentleman; if not, the remark I made
is but just..
Now, sir, the position of Massachusetts as I un-
derstand it is this: she does not desirea rigid con-
scription either of her own citizens or of the people
of the country, so long as this war can be prose-
cuted vigorously and with reasonable hope of suc-
cess by other means. What we say and what we
present to the House and the country is the great
fact that thus far we have substantially complied
with the requisitions of the President for men and
money. If there has been no failure under such
circumstances as to indicate,as a consequence of
that failure, our inability to prosecute the war,
then we ought not to inaugurate a policy which
gives offense even to one man. Not merely should
we hesitate to inaugurate the policy proposed in
deference to opinion upon this side of the House,
but we are bound to consider the sentiments even
of those who differ with us upon matters of public
policy, but who are in favor of prosecuting the
war. When the country is no longer able to carry
on the war without a rigid conscription we shall
not hesitate to accept the necessity as the means
of restoring the Union and preserving the national
life. But at the same time I say here, what I have
already said to many of my constituents—and it
is a declaration by which I mean to be bound so
long as I have a voice either as a citizen or a Rep-
resentative—that nothing in men, or money, or
means, shall be withheld from the Government;
all shall be yielded according to the necessity exist-
ing.
Sir, if thegentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
had read the whole history of Massachusetts lie
would have known that in (he Indian war of
1675 and 1676, we sacrificed one twentieth of our
inhabitants, and that every twentieth building in
the colonies of New Plymouth and Massachu-
setts was laid in ashes. Be it ever remembered
that that war ended without a treaty of peace. It
is the only war on this continent that was ever
brought to a conclusion without such a treaty.
The children of the men who made these sacri-
fices for the defense of their homes will make equal
sacrifices for tlie defense of the nationality of this
country; looking to a termination of this war
when there shall be no treaty of peace. When I
say there shall be no treaty of peace I do not wish
to be understood that this is a war of extermina-
tion either of the blacks or whites. I believe that
only one thing is necessary on the part of the
southern people, and that is that they shall aban-
don the institution of slavery. When they shall
have laid down their arms and abandoned that
institution, which, as I believe, was the source
and is the support of this war, then we shall
yield to them their positions in this Union, ac-
cord to them all their local and State rights, and
maintain their position and rights in this Union
as we maintain our own. But, sir, until this war
is ended there can be no compromise, no ar-
rangement, no treaty.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to despair at all of
the Republic, or of the power of the Government
to maintain itself. The gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] said this morning that the whole
policy of the country was changed by the proc-
lamation of the President, and he attributed that
proclamation to the meeting of the Governors of
certain States at Altoona. I am not here to be
put upon the witness-stand, butitso happens that
I have the means of knowing that the proclamation
of September, 1862, was entirely independent of
and antecedent to the meeting of the Governors at
Altoona. The meeting of the Governors had no
connection with the pioclamation. The gentle-
man from Kentucky should lenmmber that prior
to the issuing of that proclamation we had met
with but few successes, and that we had endured
many, many reverses. Lee had battled for tour
days under the fortifications of the capital, and
had finally crossed the Potomac into Maryland.
It was not until the country put itself on the side
of justice that it had a right to expect the favor
of Divine Providence, pr any of those successes
which have rendered this war glorious in the
cause of freedom, truth, and justice.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman, state
when that convention of Governors assembled at
Altoona?
Mr..BOUTWELL. I think it assembled At
Altoona previous to the 22d of September, but I,
assert as within my own knowledge that the is-
suing of the proclamation was determined upon
previous to the meeting at Altoona.
Mr. MALLORY. Can the gentleman inform
me when the issuing of that proclamation was
determined upon?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I cannot go far in this
matter. I assert distinctly the factwhich is within
my own knowledge that the President previous
to the meeting of the Governors at^Altoona had
decided in a certain contingency, which happened
upon the Wednesday preceding the 22d of Sep-
tember, to issue the proclamation, and therefore
the inference I draw is in contravention of the
declaration of the gentleman from Kentucky that
that proclamation was the result of the meeting
of the Governors at A'toona.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman tell us
the contingency on the happening of which that
proclamation was to be issued ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. I said, Mr. Speaker, when
I mentioned this fact, that I was not to be put
upon the stand as a witness. I have made a
statement as ofafact within myown knowledge,
and history will confirm the statement.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts does not wish to answer the question
or to state the fact I will not insist.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I have done nothing more
than this—to put my statement of a fact, which I
assert to be within my own"knowledgc, against the
declaration of the gentleman from Kentucky,
that the proclamation of emancipation, or the
monitory proclamation of emancipation, was is-
sued in consequence of the meeting of Governors
atAltoona.
Mr. MALLORY. We know that the Presi-
dent himself stated on the 13th of that month that
he had no idea of issuing such a proclamation,
and that he argued against issuing it. I want to
know from the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether it was between the 13th and 22d, and if
so, at what point between these two periods, the
President had prepared the proclamation and had
determined to issue it upon a certain contingency.
I would also like to know what that contingency
was.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky is good at questioning, but 1 have to keep
myself within the position which 1 stated.
Mr. DAWES. Courtesy is an exchangeable
commodity.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I trust I shall lose noth-
ing by my courtesy.
Mr. MALLORY. Of course not. I decline to
ask any more questions.
Mr. BOUT WELL. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has made some observations in disparage-
ment of negro troops, i have entertained the
opinion in relation to this whole question of eman-
cipating the negroes and putting them into the
service of the Government, that it was a legitimate
means of diminishing the powerof the enemy and
of augmenting our own. I have never thought it
necessary to inquire how far the loss of a negro
slave diminished the powerof the rebels to carry
on this war. I dare say the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has been called upon seriously to contem-
plate that question. I have only felt that in some
degree, I cannot say how great, it diminished the
power of the rebels to carry on the war. There-
fore, I said to myself, dismissing entirely the ques-
tion of justice and humanity, if you please, that
it is perfectly within the policy of the Government
to emancipate the slaves as a means of diminish-
ing the power of the rebels. When the question
arose as to using the emancipated negro in the
service of the country, I said to myself, it is
not possible that a negro who has coiitiibuteu to
the support of the South should be unable to no
something for the enlargement of the powtisr.nd
for the augmentation of the resouicesot ibis Gov-
ernment.
