1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believeeveryhody else
lias done,so too; and if we sit here and listen to
complaints of this character we shall have nothing
else to do but to increase compensation. Every-
body desires an increase of his compensation, of
course; but there is a point beyond which we
ought not to go; and every man who feels any
interest in preserving the credit and the character
of the Government in times when we need credit,
I think should begin to look to upholding and
preserving it and to gatheringup the ends wherever
wo can. In that view of the subject £ have voted
continually against all these measures which,
though not so intended, will have the effect of
crippling the finances of the Government, and I
<<hatl continue to vote against them.
It has been suggested that gentlemen of high
integrity ought to be employed in places of this
sort. I grant that; but take the young men who
have had charge of the finances perhaps of large
mercantile firms in this country for the last five
or six or ten years, men of undoubted integrity,
men of probity, men of character, who have
sought places of this sort; and what sort of com-
pensation had they been receiving before the war?
Not exceeding $500 or $600 a year. Such men
could be employed at fifty dollars per month, men
of tried honesty, of tried capacity, of integrity, and
fidelity. Weall know thatfact. Since the warcom-
menced, they are getting here $1,000 a year, and we
propose to increase it to $1,200; and Senators tell us
that is not enough. I know that men who could
have been employed before the war commenced
for $300 or §400 or $500 a year ought to have
more now m consequence of the condition of the
currency than they had then; but men who were
employed at the price that 1 have stated have
sought these place at $700 a year with a ration a
day, making it $970,as I understand® Men have
been found all over the country to seek these places
at that salary, and have been able to give the bonds
required, men of tried capacity and tried integrity.
I do not see any necessity for increasing the pay.
1 would not throw anything in the way of a fair
and just compensation to these young men; they
deserve it; but we ought to begin to look ata very
early day to the result, the consequences upon our
condition of this reckless sort of legislation.
I see no reason for increasing the compensation
unless we fail to get the right sort of men. If the
compensation heretofore has failed to get men of
capacity and integrity, we ought to increase it;
but I have heard no complaint of that character.
I suppose that there is no difficulty on thepartof
paymasters in acquiring the right material for
clerks. 1 have not heard so, and'until some Sen-
ator tells me that there is a difficulty in getting the
right material, 1 shall be unwilling to support such
an increase of compensation as is now proposed.
Here is a large increase, an increase of $300 be-
?ond what they have enjoyed heretofore, and yet
do not hear that there is any difficulty in pro-
curing clerks. Then why the necessity of the
increaseatall? 1 have heard no want of integrity
charged against these clerks. I have not heard
that they have injured the Government by pur-
loining the funds belonging to the paymasters.
If so, 1 presume the paymasters'bonds have been
sufficiently good, if paymasters have been able
to get good men, why increase the compensation ?
If good men can be obtained' at present prices,
why increase them? Why increase them unless
we want to bring down the credit of the Govern-
ment ? I shall vote againstall such propositions.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It is a little singular that
we should not be able to ascertain whether these
paymasters' clerks have their travelmgexpenses
paid or not. Not having any charge of matters
of this kind, I am unable to say how the fact is;
but by reference t0 the official Register 1 see a
statement of what they do receive'; and it is as
follows:
" Paymasters' cleiks, in addition to the §/00 perannum,
are I'htilled, under the fifth section of the act of August
31, 1832,10 one ration per day, commuted at seventy-five
cents when on duty at tlietr station."
There is nothing said upon the subjectof trav-
eling expenses; and I presume the fact is, al-
though 1 do not know it to be so, that they gen-
erally &re furnished with transportation by the
quartermaster's department, as the paymasters
themselves are, as a general rule, when being
transferred from one section of the country to
another. 1 think that is likely to be the state of
the case, although I do not know it; and it is not
unreasonable that 1 should be in ignorance of it
when the mind of the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs is uncertain as to the fact.
The allowance, as stated in the official Register,
amounts to about the sum stated by the Senator
from Massachusetts. The proposition of the
House of Representatives is to increase the sal-
ary to $1,200, and to leave them the ration com-
muted at seventy-five cents per day; and that the
Senator from Missouri characterizes as reckless
legislation, which is to produce ruin and bring us
to bankruptcy. If we areas near national bank-
ruptcy as that, I apprehend this will not have the
effect of making the disease any more fatal, though
I know it is the last feather that breaks the cam-
el's back. I consider this an important matter
to a certain extent.
The Senator from Missouri pays we have had
no difficulty in acquiring the services of valuable
and efficient persons in this branch of duty. I
grant you we have had no difficulty in filling up
these appointments, as we have had no difficulty
in filling up every civil and military appointment
in the public service. There always are scores
and hundreds of persons who, by reason of em-
barrassments at home, failures in business, and
more particularly a desire to get into the public
service, press forward to fill these places; and,after
they get in and have experience of the duties
they are called upon to perform and the pay and
rations received, scores of them are just as anx-
ious to go out as they were to get in originally.
I know individuals, competent men, who have
resigned their clerkships to paymasters, on the
ground that the salary would not maintain them
in the service, and I know that there are now
numbers of them awaiting the action of the pres-
ent Congress to determine whether they remain
in the service or not. I have no doubt you can
fill up all these places; but I fear it will be by an
inferior class of men, and that the public wil| sus-
tain detriment and injury in consequence of this
change.
I have no particular feeling jibout it further than
the facts have come to my mind incidentally by
the conversation of persons who are interested in
these appointments. It will be perfectly satisfac-
tory to me whether the amendment prevails or
fails. I know that we have increased salaries, and
the salaries of men high in command, and in-
creased them in a very great ratio, to the amount
of thousands; and I do not know why the neces-
sary increase of salary should not be extended to
the efficient, worthy men who are occupying in-
ferior stations, and yet who are performing most
valuable and important services to the Govern-
ment. This is the way it strikes me, and this is
the reason that controls my action in this matter.
Mr. HALE. I remember, sir, about two
months ago I guess it was, a bill was reported by
the Naval Committee to increase the pay of the
clerks of paymasters in the Navy, which is very
low indeed, not more than half the pay of the
paymasters' clerks in the Army, and the Senate
had a fit of economy, and finally voted that they
would not raise it, that they must remain as they
were. The Navy Department thought it was im-
possible to get along under the then existingstate
of tilings, and for the purpose of having a few
competent persons in these places they recom-
mended a bill which was reported to the Senate
and finally passed, by which the pay of some few
of them was raised, and paymasters of vessels
having a complement of less I think than one
hundred and seventy-five men were left without
any clerks. The Senate actually refused to raise
the salaries of paymasters' clerks in the Navy
when they were not half what they were in the
Army. As Congress was so economical in that
respect, I think they had better adhere to it still,
*and as they would not do anything for paymas-
ters'clerks in the Navy, let the pay masters'clerks
in the Army stand as they are.
Mr. WILKINSON. I think theSenatorfrom
New Hampshire advocated the proposition which
was rejected, to increase the pay of the paymas-
ters' clerks in the Navy.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, but, as I advocated it,
the highest would not be equal to a paymaster's
clerk in the A rtny.
Mr. WILKINSON. They do not have as
much business to do. W the Senate did wrong
the other day,that isnfoTfeasoa why it should not
do right now. I believe there Ss no-ckss of cterks
under the grade of fourth-class clerks iVi the De->
partnients,whodraw $l,800ayear, that have such
'important duties to perform as these'paymasters'
clerks in the Army. It is a fact that many {hon-
est and capable paymasters at the eomtMeAcerfient'
of thitf War, when thejr entered upon! their duties,
lost more than their .entire pay by the mistakes
and difficulties they had to encounter in ascer-
taining their duties. I think everybody who un->
derstands this business will agree with ftie that
the duties of a paymaster are the most difficult
duties that almost any of our Army officers have
to perform, and unlesshis clerk is a very correet «
apd careful officer the paymaster will be very
likely to make such mistakesns to involve hia
securities. I do not know of any class of persons
who should be more careful and more efficient
and require more ability than the persons now
under consideration. Look at the first-class clerk*
ships in this city. Some of'those \tho do mere
clerical duty, nothing but the plainest and simplest
copying, receive $1,200 a jaar. A paymaster
goes out to the Army with eighty or ninety thotH
sand dollars. A perplexing- question may arise
in regard to almost every man whom he pays,
whether he should be paid twenty dollars bounty
or fifty dollars bounty, and so on. If the least
mistake is made, a mistake of a very trifling sum
for each individual would amount to a great deal
in the aggregate. I think, myself, that $1,400 a
year is a very reasonable compensation, and con-
sidering that these parties are disbursing millions
upon millions and hundreds of millions of dollars
of Government money, I think we should pay
enough to secure the services of the best'business
men we can get.
Mr. GRIMES. I think lean settle one of the
questions that have been raised, and that is as to
the payment of the expens«s of transportation of
these clerks. The act of April 24, 1816, was the
first act of Congress that mentioned paymasters'
clerks. By that act it was provided
"That regimental and battalion paymasters shall receive
the pay and emoluments of major, aiul shall each be al-
lowed a capable non-commissioned officer as clerk, who,
while so employed, shall receive double pay and the actual
expense of transportation while traveling under orders in
the discharge of his duty."
That was the basis of all the laws adopted by
Congress in relation to paymasters' clerks, and
that portion of it which says that the clerk shall
receive the actual expense of transportation while
traveling under orders in the discharge of hia
duties stands unrepealed.
Then the act of July*5, 1838, declared
"That whenever suitable non-commissioned officers or
privates cannot be procured from the line of the Army to
serve as paymasters' clerks, paymasters be,and are hereby,
authorized and empowered, by and with the approbation
of the Secretary of War, to employ citizens to perform
that duty, at salaries not to exceed $500 per annum."
There is a note in Brightly's Digest to this
section which says: "This section relates to
clerks of paymasters paying the regular Army,
and not to the payingof militia and volunteers;"
and a reference is made to the fourth volume of
Opinions of the Attorneys General, page 94.
It wouldseem from this that this institution of
paymasters' clerks has grown up from a very
small beginning; that instead of taking a non-com-
missioned officer or private as we did a few years
ago and doubling his pay as a non-commissioned
officer or private, we have now got so as to pay
these clerks already $970 a year, and it is pro-
posed to increase that salary to §1,470. A com-
parison has been drawn between the services that
they are compelled to render and our clerks here
in the Treasury and other Departments. Every
man forms his own judgment as to the relative
merits of these different aspirants for pecuniary
favors at our hands, and as to the kind of respons-
ibility that each of them is compelled to bear, and
the duties that he is compelled to perform; but i
must confess that if I had iny choice to be a pay-
master's clerk at $1,470, or a clerk in one of the
Departments in this city at $l,800a year, I should
infinitely prefer being a paymaster's clerk at
$1,470, having transportation wherever I might
be ordered to go, living at the public e-xjjense as
they do on the transport veseelsupon which they
are ordered. What are the great responsibilities
that they are compelled to undergo? Our rule is
that the respsnsibility rests upon the paymaster,
