282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
passed we shall bo no nearer the end of the dis-
cussion than now, 1 think perhaps we Lad better
have the discussion to-day and to-morrow, and
so on until we come to a final vote.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that this bill blocks
jp the way to reports by other committees. W hen
we get them out of the way we can resume this
report.
Mr. WILSON. That is the suggestion I made
to the House yesterday. If we postpone it for a
week the same difficulty will occur when that time
arrives.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that
the same difficulty will not occur. There aie only
about ten persons on this side of the House who
wish to speak, and I think the gentleman will have
no trouble in getting a vote as soon as the debate
is exhausted.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; as soon as debate is
exhausted. If we postpone it for a week, then
progress will be blocked until the ten gentlemen
upon that side of the House, and probably the
same number upon this side, shall have discussed
the resolution; so that we shall accomplish no
advancement by a postponement. If the gentle-
man from Maine submits his remarks to-day we
will have one speech out of the way.
Mr. COX. l ask the gentleman if ho proposes
to allow amendments to be offered to this bill, or
does he propose to call the previous question?
Mr. WILSON. I stated to the House yester-
day that I intended to call the previous question.
Mr. COX. Without allowing amendments to
come in ?
Mr. WILSON. If the previous question is sus-
tained it will cut off amendments.
Mr. COX. I hope it will be the disposition of
the other side to allow amendments, though that
docs not seem to be their purpose just now.
Mr. WILSON. In endeavoring to bring this
resolution to final action I have not had any pui-
pose to cut off the other side of the House from
full discussion or from amendment any more than
this side of the House. The couise which I pro-
pose to pursue in relation to this resolution talis
with equal force upon this side of the House as
upon the other side.
Mr. GANSON. As I am not. upon either side
of the House, I would ask the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, what is the occasion for
immediate action on this resolution?
Mr. WILSON. I have already stated, and the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Moons
has stated, that the pendency of this joint resolu-
tion prevents the introduction of reports from other
committees.
Mr. GANSON. We can postpone the consid-
eration of this lesolution, can we not?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent.
Mr. GANSON. 1 hope we shall consent to
postpone it.
Mi. WILSON. I have no objection to a post-
ponement byconscnt if the House will fix a time
ibr final action upon this resolution. Hut by post-
ponement without such arrangement we lose jut
tin; time intervening between this and the time
when the resolution shall come before the House
for finai notion.
Mr. V00RHEES. I desire to say simply in
regard to this matter, and I think it may ease
somewhat the restlessness which the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee has manifested fiom the
tune iie intioduced this measure upon the floor,
that there are several gentlemen upon this side of
the House—I do not know how many or how
fGW-—who desire to say something on this ques-
tion. As soon as the members on this side have
been heard as much as they desire, then the gen-
tleman can get a vote. We will not abuse our
rights or privileges in this House, but we intend
to indulge in legitimate and proper debate for a
proper time, and if the gentleman from Iowa can-
riot make up his mind to allow that piivilege, we
will enforce it by the rules with which we became
familiar in the last Congress. Wc will enter into
no arrangement 'upon the subject. Whenever
the com so of debate is through, the House—and
we am a part of the House and to be consulted—
will be ready to take the vote. There is no dis-
position to abuse the patience of the House, but
thi.'j is a very important measure, and we desire to
(liseuisx if in a pioper and fair manner. I hope,
theu,l-m-, tlmt the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee will make up his mind to let this favorite
measure of his take the usual course.
Mr. WILSON". Tins is no favorite measure of
mine; Jt is a repoi t fiom the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. The House may take such course in re-
gard to it as it deems proper; but for myself, under
the operation of the threatof the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] I will make no arrange-
ment whatever. I will not be driven or threatened
into any arrangement.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have no disposition to
threaten or to dtive the gentleman. I intended
merely to intimate to him that we are apprised of
our rights, and that, in a proper manner, we are
prepared to maintain them.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Sweat] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SWEAT then addressed the House for an
hour. [His rtmaiks will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I wish to say
that the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,]
whose remaiks ha\ebeen animadverted upon by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Sweat,] is con-
fined to his room by illness.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will yield
to me, I will move that we go into committee.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I yield for that
purpose.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. THOMAS, by unanimous consent, moved
that an amendment to the bill concerning the ju-
risdiction of the Court of Claims, which he pro-
posed to submit at the pioper time, be ordered to
be printed; which motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY TO DISCHARGED SOLDIEltS.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
consideied, and agreed to:
Jlesolrcd, That the Committee on Military Affairs be m-
:-ti ncted to inqnne into the expediency of allowing bounty
to Mddieis honomhly disc liaised on account of «-iekn<vs
conii net'*d in the imo oi dutj, and that they be authorized
to lepoit b\ b, 11 ot otbetwihC.
UNITED STATES PILOTAGE LAWS.
Mr. CIIANLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following lesolution; which was read,
considered, and agm d to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in
.sliueted to inquueinto the expediency of compiling and
pi inting the law* of ilie United State-; ielating to pilots* and
pilotage, and leport the same to tin* House.
JOSEPH A. WltlGIIT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous conscnt, pre-
sented to the House a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting copies of a
letter and report of Joseph A. Wiight, of Indi-
ana, who attended the International Agricultural
Exhibition at Hamburg last year, &c.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to refer that message
to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was not agreed to.
The message was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Agi icultuie.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, announced to the House that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the concumnt resolution of the Senate for the
appointment of a joint committee on the conduct
of the war.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the Elouse resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
coidingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox m the
chair,) and lesumed the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being bill of the House No. 122, to
increase the internal levenue, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
to add to the following amendment, offered by
Mr. Fernando Wood—
Provided further. That all spirits on hand and for ^ale,
whethei distilled piior to the date of this actor not, uhall i>c
Mibject to the uites o( duty ptovided by this act, fiom and
alter the 1-th day oi Januaiy, 1864, except that tucli spiiit-s
as <-hnl I have been al read v taxed nnderthe law appioved Julv
IT, i$>2, •di.,.ll not pay more than the additional increased
f.'X provided Ibr by this act—
the following proviso;
Jindprovided fui thcr. That manufaetuieis shall not be
requned to piy any additional tax over and above the
amount imposed bv the act of 18(52 upon any spiuts manu-
factured by them prioi to the passage of tins act.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe the amendment of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Feiinando
Wood] has notljeen spoken toin opposition; and
if so, I will say a word upon it. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, and to ail similar amend ments. His amend-
ment pi oposes to impose a duty upon that which
has already paid duties and has the stamp of the
Government upon it, and has been sold under gov-
ernmental authority, wherever it may be. Now,
I hold that to be not only unjust, but as in pal-
pable violation of the implied contract of the Gov-
ernment, as much so as it is possible to make it.
Congress specifies certain things which shall pay
a duty, and they order a stamp to be put upon
them when that duty is paid. Whoever did that
had a right to suppose they would not be fuither
taxed thereon; any attempt to put a duty upon
anything of that kind, whether liquor or anything
else, is an atrocious injustice which ought not to
be perpetrated by this House. I shall therefore
vote against every such proposition; and my col-
league on the committee, [Mr. Pendleton,] if he
can get the floor, will offer an amendment dis-
tinctly setting forth that principle for the purpose
of removing all chance of mistaking what the bill
means.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I want to inquire if the same
injustice does not actually, if not loyally, operate
upon the manufacturer of spit its if this additional
tax is put upon that which is already manufac-
tured, and which was made underau implied con-
tract with the Government that it should only pay
so much duty?
Mr. STEVENS. It does, and it is unjust to
impose this increased tax upon them. Hence the
committee intended to impose it only upon what
is manufactured after this bill was reported. The
committee have not expressed their views quite
as cle.irlyas they designed, and hence the amend-
ment I have suggested, and which my colleague
from Ohio intends to offer in order to make "the
matter more clear. I feel as the gentleman fiom
Illinois feels, that it would be as unjust to impose
this tax upon a manufacturer who has paid the
duty, as it would be to impose it upon a man who
has the article in store with the stamp of the Gov-
ernment upon it.
I say this now, sir, because 1 do not want to
be answering all these propositions. I hope the
House will understand what the committee has
done, and will vote down all amendments which
attempt to impose a tax contrary to this principle.
Mr. LOVEJOY. That is satisfactory to me.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. 1 move as an
amendment to strike out from section fust all after
" further" in the nineteenth line, and insert:
That no duties authorized by this act shall he imposed
or collected upon any j^nnn riir-ttlied bcfoio the l-~t day of
Maich, 1864, on winch duties «hall have been paid under
the net of July J, 3 8P>~, or winch shall have been leported
for the payment oi duty pursuant to said act.
Mr. Chairman, lam not only opposed to any
retroactive effect of this bill, but I think that it
should be made prospective. I represent a dis-
trict largely interested in the distillation of spnits.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 submit to the
Chair whether the amendment offered by my col-
league to theamendmentoffered by mysulfto this
bill is germane and in order?
Th e C H A1R M A N. T h e ge n 11 e m an fro mNew
Yoik [Mr. Davis] has offered this amendment in
lieu of the amendment of his colleague, which is in
order.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. As a substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. \ es, as a substitute for the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
the State of New Yotk manufactures more than
one fourth of the entire amount of distilled spirits
produced in this Union. In that manufacture it
becomes necessary for the interests of the manu-
facturer not only to invest large amounts of capi-
tal directly in the business, but also to make large
investments in stock, in cattJtfand hogs, which are
