THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 17,
arid originally he was the man who made out all
the^muster-rolla, paid all the money, and it is only
a recent thing that he has been allowed a clerk;
and now, forsooth, it is said that this infinite
, amount of responsibility which.has been sup-
posed to re&t upon the paytnaster rests uuon. his*,
cleik. I do not look at it inthat light. ' I look
at it a good deal aa the Senator from Missouri
does. I am w>Hlmg to pay these clerks a reason-
able compensalioa; I am willing to pay them what
I believe their services afe fairly worth. I know
that just as competent men as are employed by
any of these paymasters can be-procured at the
rate which the chairman of the Committee on
% Military Affairs has proposed to give them, and
are being employed now by paymasters. Why
at this particular moment, when our finances are
in the condition thut they are said to be in, when-
ever an opportunity is piesented to increase the
salary of an officer, we should immediately avail
ourselves of it and raise his salary, 1 do not see.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that if the
amendment of the Committee on Military Affairs
be adopted it will make the increase of the com-
pensation of these officers about two bunded and
thn ty dollars a year. If it is not adopted, the in-
crease will be $500.a year. 1 cannot say what the
Houseof Representatives intended in passing the
bill, nor what the Committee on Military Affairs
in the House of Representatives intended when
they reported the bill; but thechairman ofthecom-
mittee in advocating it stated that they proposed
to put these clerks on the same footing aa first-
class cleiks, and the inference is that they ex-
pected to pay these men gl,200 a year, and that
that should be the whole of it,
Mr. MORRILL- I understand that as the law
has stood heretofore the compensation of these
clerks was about nine hundred dollars.
Mr. GRIMES. Nine hundred and seventy-five
dollars.
Mr. MORRILL. Possibly it was a fraction
over. This bill increases it to $1,200, and that
is the pay of a first-class clerk, the lowest class,
in one of your Departments; and that is the small-
est pay of all your suboidinato ofiieeis. 1 be-
lieve nustof the Capitol police about heic get
from twelve to fourteen hundred dollars. If you
ieject this amendmentand give them their rations
the pay will amount to about fourteen bundled
and seventy-five dollars,which isa little more than
the pay of a second-class clerk in the Depart-
ments. I should say on comparison that that
was not unfair or unreasonable. If this thing is
to go by comparison, and the dudes of these clerks
compare with the duties which are devolved on
the young gentlemen wht> are employed in these
Departments, certainly the pay contemplated by
the amendment is too large, it is that of a sec-
ond-class clerk. I do not think anybody will
doubt that the duties devolved on thu young gen-
tlemen in this position are certainly equal to those
of u second-class clerk in the Departments.
I think i ought to state this fact communicated
to me yesterday by one of these clerks: it has
obtained as a general practice by the paymasters
heretofore to make the salary of these young
gentlemen equal to thatof fiist-classclerks. 1 am
informed that most of the paymasters, in order to
retain these cleiks. in their employment, have
been in the habit of paying them the difference
between the compensation allowed by Jaw—which
is a little over nine hundred dollnis: the Senator
from Iowa says $975—and $1,200, the compen-
sation allowed to fiist-class clerks in the Depart-
ments. If the compensation of a paymaster was
only just before, it is not exactly fair for us to
impose upon him.the burden of paying that ad-
ditional compensation to his cleik. 1 do not judge
of that. I have no means ofjudging of it. On
the whole, considering the fact that the cleik of
the paymaster is taken abroad, is liable to be sent
on duty anywhere, and must of course be sub-
jected to pxtraoidmary expenses oftentimes, 1 do
Hot think ll unreasonable that he should have die
pay of a second-class clerk; and I shail therefore
vote against the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have the ques-
tion before the Senate stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in die ehan.) The question is on the amendment
of the Committee on Miliuuy Affairs to amend
the fouith section of theamendment of the House
of Representatives by adding the words," with-
out rations.;" so that the section, if amended., will
read:
Sec. 4.- And be it further cnacted, That from and after
the passage of this act the pay of clerKs of paymasters ni
the Army of the United States shall be-§ij200 perannuin
without rations.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the sixth section"of the House amend-
ment, in the following words:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted., That the provisions of
the first section of this act shall l-eiimnatennd expire at-the
endot the presentiebelhon.
The amendment to the amend ment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the seventh
section of the amendment of the House by striking
out the word " bill"and inserting " act." Itnow
reads u provisions of this bill;" it should read
"provisions of this act."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to reconsider the
amendment of the committee which was adopted
as section six. It is as follows:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That when the rank,
pay, and emoluments o( any officer aie declared by law to
be those of a specified military giade, he shall be entitled
to the pay and emoluments of that grade, and no more, any
previous law or linage to the contrnty notwithstanding.
I wish to say that that amendment was intended
to reach a particular case which I think ought to
be corrected by legislation, it was framed upon
some letters of correspondence between the Sec-
ond Comptroller of the Treasury and some of the
officials of the War Department in which the
Treasury construction was overruled. I think
we ought to have some legislation to correct such
a case; but I am told that by a certain decision
in the paymaster's department this amendment
will be construed to reach cases that the commit-
tee did not intend and which I think ought not to
be disturbed; that it will reach the fuel and quar-
ters allowed to officers and will touch the allow-
ances to geneials commanding departments or
officers commanding paiticular posts und^r the
act of 1S47. If that be the case, I think we had
better reconsider it and not press it on this bill.
Then we can take the subject up, and before the
adjournment of Congress, 1 think, we can frame
a measure that will do precisely what we intend
without doing injustice to anybody or disturbing
the existing relations. 1 therefore move to re-
consider this amendment, in the hope that if it
should be reconsidered we shall then reject it.
Mr. JOHNSON.-"I was about to call the at-
tention of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs to what I understand will be the
construction of that section, if it is-permitied to
remain in the bill, by the pay department. I
heard this morning that the Paymaster General
is of opinion that if this particularsection should
become a law it will take from all those officers
the allowances for fuel, rations, &c. I do not see
exactly how that could be so, but that I am told
is the construction putupon it by the Department.
I waw convinced before 1 mentioned the subject
to the chairman of the committee that that was
not his purpose nor the purpose of the committee.
I understand the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts is to reconsider with a view to
reject this amendment and provide for it after-
wards.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that it must be a
very strange state of things that requires this sec-
tion to be reconsidered and rejected, and a veiy
stiange state of things that required it to be en-
acted. It is in these words:
That when the rank, pay, and emolument* of any officer
are declared by l.uv to buiho-,0 of a specified military guide,
he shall be entitled to tin; pay and emoluments of'th.it giade,
and no more, any pti;vious law or us«age to the contiary not-
withstanding.
That is simply saying that when the law says
his compensation shall be so much it shall be that
and no more.
Mr. COLLAMER. It implies that they get
more than they are entitled to.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; it implies that they are
in the habit of getting more than the law gives
them, and that they are desirous of having that
license continued. 1 hope the Senate will not
continue it. If there is any such practice as that
this provision is wanted, eminently wanted.
Mr. CONNESS. I may as well state that the
object and purpose* comprehended-here was not
that itshouldreach efvery officer of certain grades,
but that it should reach one or more cases where
abuses are supposed to exist. As stated by the
honorable Senator from Maryland, if this section
should be adopted it will receive a construction
that will be unjust- to a great many officers who
have been receiving more than they were entitled
to, and I hope the reconsideration will take place.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that the case sought
to be corrected grew out of thisconstruction: by
the act of 1847 the Adjutant General was allowed
double rations; and the act creating the office of
Adjutant General provides that he shall have the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadiergeneral.
The Adjutant General, by the practice of the De-
partment, now draws twenty-seven rations a day,
three rations for servants and twenty-four for
himself. He would draw twelve rations if the
latter construction prevailed. But this same law
of 1847 allows double rations to generals com-
manding in the field,generals commanding depart-
ments, and officers commanding separate posts.
The committee believe that to be proper. It was
j: made for the purpose of meeting-cei tain expenses,
lj and we thought it had better not be disturbed in
\\ the present condition of the war; but we wanted
to correct a construction here. It is said, how-
ever, by pcisons in whose judgment I havegreut
confidence, that the construction of this section
by the pay department would rule out fuel and
quarters. I do not believe it. I do not believe it
would be a fair construction of the section if it
should be passed; but if there is any possibility
of it I do not think we ought to disturb it. I
simply propose to reconsider this amendment, as
it is possible this construction may be put upon
it, and take up the matter anew, and in some other
measure report the proposition in such a form as
will correct abuses, and at the same tune not dis-
turb what is a fair construction of the present law
and the settled policy of the Government—settled
for good reasons.
Mr. HALE. I shall not insist on this, but I
want to call the attention of the Senate to this case
as an illustration of this vicious mode of paying
salaries. We do not know what we are paying,
and we do not know what is to be paid by it, and
we do not know what construction is to be put
upon it, and some of these allowances are subject
to be increased or diminished by a regulation of
the Department. I hope the Senate will look
into it, and I hope that every officer that can be
paid by a fixed salary will be so paid, and that
this mode of paying by rank and emoluments,so
that we do not know what we give, nor how much
we give, nor what it will be to-morrow, nor what
it is to-day, will be abandoned in every case
where it is possible to abandon it. Let us illus-
trate the wisdom of the Senate in adopting this
new rule to the Judge Advocate General and his
assistant, who are to be created by this bill. But
still I cannot see any reason for reconsidering this
section, and I shall vote against it.
Mr. GRIMES. In the hope that thpre may be
such a construction given to this section as the
Senator from Maryland has indicated, 1 shall vote
against striking it out, because I believe there is
not an officer ot the Army serving in Washington
or anywhere else, except it be in the field, who
is not leceiving by his pay proper, his rations,
and his forage as much as he is entitled to receive
and a great deal more than is paid in any other
branch of the public service for any siich corre-
sponding duties. I understand the Senator from
Maryland says that the construction placed upon
this section at the pay department is that it will
strike off the commutation for fuel and quarters.
Of course it cannot strike off the pay proper, or
the rations, or the allowance for servants or for-
age. I hold in my hand a report made by the
Secretary of War in 1858, (and it is a report which
is required to be made by the Secretary of War
pei lodically,) giving the pay of every Army offi-
cer for his commutation and emoluments of va-
i nous descriptions and kinds in the preceding yertr,
| 1857. By that repoit it will be observed that the
pay proper, rations, and commutation forservants
and forage of a brigadier general stationed here
in Washington, without any allowance for quar-
ters or fuel, amounted to $5,133 60. Add to this
the amount which, under a special order of the
present Secretary of War, issued last autumn, is
