THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TI-IE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. $IVSS, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 28, 1864.
New Series.....No. 206. =
consent of the Chair this business of interrup-
tion is at an end.
Mr. PENDLETON. Certainly I will not per-
sist in my interruptions if not agreeable to the
gentleman.
Mr. BOUTWELL. To gentlemen on thatside
of the House, and especially to the gentleman
from Kentucky, and those who have been engaged
with him in this hopeless struggle to perpetuate
the institution of slavery, I submit for their con-
sideration in this hour of their grief that we have
not only had the preliminary proclamation of Sep-
tember, 1862, but also the great charter of liberty
upon this continent, the proclamation of 1863;
and whether there be peace or whether there be
war, whether there be victory or whether there
be defeat, whether there be union or disunion, that
decree is eternal for this continent; and the gen-
tlemen from Kentucky who still hope to resusci-
tate the institution of slavery, whether they give
a timid and uncertain support to patriots strug-
gling for the preservation of the Union, or whether
they attempt to withhold from the Government
the physical and moral power of the slave ele-
ment upon this continent, are still doomed to dis-
appointment, and to disgrace, permit me to say,
without personal reference to any man. It will
stand upon the page of history as a foul blot that
the fairest portion of the North American conti-
nent, that Kentucky, blessed with a soil rich and
a climate inviting, a State of all the States which
should have buckled on the armor, and with the
ancient warlike energy of her people rallied to the
support of the Government in the hourof its trial,
that she, I say, deliberately bowed the knee to
slavery and rendered the issue of the contest for
a time uncertain. Devastation has already wasted
her land, and she will yet be an object of pity to
the people of this continent and of the world.
And I now offer my sympathy in anticipation of
the inglorious future which awaits that State, if
her present policy be pursued, tendered with some
hope that she may 
Mr. MALLORY. We scorn and despise your
sympathy. [Loud cries of " Order !"]
Mr. BOUTWELL. With the hope that she
may yet redeem her.honor.  
Mr. MALLORY made some remark amid
tumultuous cries of "Order!"
Mr. BOUTWELL. But I anathematize her
no longer. Kentucky has already upon this floor
some men true to liberty, and if my voice could
pass beyond these walls and reach those other
sons of hers misguided, unfortunate, but not yet
lost to the Constitution and the Union, I would
invite them, in common with the people of this
country, to abandon the institution of slavery, to
rally to the supportof the Union and the Consti-
tution, and thus help to make this continent the
home of the free, where there shall be neither
slave nor master any more.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the gentleman from
-New York yield to me a moment?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not reply to the mis-
erable tirade uttered by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts in the spirit in which it was uttered.
I would be acting m a manner unbecoming this
House and myself if I were to do so. The only
fitting answer is that elicited from a man's heart
by the first impulse of feeling under such an in-
fliction as we have had from that member in the
shape of abuse of my State, and an impudent
expression of pity for her.
It well becomes him, a member now of tins
House, to denounce the institution of slavery,
and to speak of God's smiles and God's bless-
in"- on those engaged in an attempt to extirpate
it°in the full blaze of the fact that as a Democrat
before he became an apostate, he was one of the
most violent pro-slavery men in the State of Mas-
sachusetts, and abused without stint his former
aboli'ion allies; a man who, whije acting as Gov-
ernor of bis State, as i am informed, agreed to
surrender fugitive slaves to those infamous scoun-
206
drels, their masters, as he now terms them, in the
slave States.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. That is
not so.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the previous his-
tory of the apostate of Massachusetts, but he has
sold himself since to the enemies of slavery, as
he chooses to call them now. And now he gets
up in the face of this history of his in connection
with it and denounces slavery as one of the black-
est crimes, and stigmatizes the owners of slaves,
those who have owned them heretofore, and who
own them now, as sinners, as scoundrels, as mis-
creants, and everything abominable.
Sir, I have always heard that "one renegade
was worse than ten Turks," and I find it true in
the case of the member from Massachusetts. He,
a renegade pro-slavery Democrat, is more denun-
ciatory now of slavery and slaveholders than any
of the old-time, true-bred abolitionists on the other
side of the House.
Mr. A. MYERS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. I object to the gentleman from
Kentucky being interrupted.
Mr. MALLORY. Pennsylvania is not in-
volved in this controversy at all, and I have the
floor only by the permission of the gentleman
from New York.
Mr. COX. I object to any interruption. We
have had insults enough from that side of the
House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] objects to any yielding of the floor,
the gentleman from Kentucky cannot proceed,
because the gen tleman from New York has yielded
to him.
Mr. COX. In that case I withdraw the objec-
tion. The Chair knows that I never meant that.
Mr. MALLORY. I have but a word or two
more to say in the time allowed me by the gen-
tleman from New York. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] charges me and
other members from Kentucky with whom I act
withbeingengagedin acovert effort to thwart the
Government and fetter itinitsaction. He happens
to be engaged in the same effort that we ore, and
all the reproach that he heaps upon our head falls
upon his own. We are opposed to striking out
the commutation clause of the conscription bill.
The gentleman from Massachusetts is opposing
the same thing, and he is doing it in the face of
the declaration of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] one of the military leaders of the
House, and the confidential exponent of the views
of the Administration, that if we strike out that
clause we paralyze the arm of the Government,
stop the war, and eventually acknowledge the
southern confederacy. The gentleman has placed
himself in this dilemma, and there Ileave him.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 recollect that in the in-
troduction to one of Cooper's novels he speaks
of having opened a magazine which criticised
him about certain matters, and then he opened
another magazine that praised him for the very
same thing, and he said that he felt like a donkey
between two loads of hay and did not know which
he should eat. But he finally concluded that he
felt like a load of hay between two donkeys. I
do not make the application to any gentleman
here personally, but that expresses my own feel-
ings on this occasion. I am charged on the one
hand of having said unwise and unjust things,
and with having attacked the State of Massachu-
setts, which 1 never have attacked.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fernando Wood] is entitled to the floor,
and if he yields to the gentleman from Ohio he
must yield to others.
Mr. GARFIELD. If there is any objection,
certainly I will not proceed.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker, if
this discussion had been confined to the immedi-
ate question before the House I ehouid not have
participated in it.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Will the gen-
tleman from New York yield to a motion to ad-
journ ? [Loud cries of" Oh, no!" from the Demo-
cratic side of the House.!
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I have but a few
words to say, and shall detain the Hbaae but ten
or fifteen minutes. I repeat that had this discus-
sion been confined to the immediate question un-
der consideration I should not have prolonged this
debate at all, because, however other gentlemen
may view it, in my opinion it does not involve
very serious considerations or principles as «ome
gentlemen seem to suppose.
The law as it now stands exempts by commu-
tation or substitution. The amendment reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs proposes
to'abolish the commutation and leave substitution
only. Practically, in my judgment, it amounts to
very little. I do not think so far as the condition
of the country is concerned and the grave ques-
tions which are now forcing themselves upon the
American people that it matters much how you
may amend the conscription law, what modifica-
tions you may make in it, what reforms you
may attempt in it. The principle ofconscriptton
is anti-republican and anti-American. When you
resort to force to fill your ranks you violate the
fundamental principles upon which the Govern-
ment is founded; when you resort to coercion or
bribery by bounty to fill your armies it is not
necessary to predict the result against a foe whose
cause, in their own judgment, whether right or
wrong, involves their lives, their liberties, and
their property. Armies raised by such methods
cannot successfully subjugate a foe thus mar-
shaled in arms against it.
So far as the conclusion of this war is con-
cerned, I do not care what system of financeyou
may adopt, I care not how you attempt to patch
up the present rotten policy of the Government
either in its military or its financial department,
the die is cast and your war is a failure. Expe-
dients or subterfuges cannot avoid the catastro-
phe. It has been my practice in life to meet every
question like a man, to meet it face to face, and
to call things by their right names. "When the
Almighty designs to circumvent the wrong ob-
jects of man He has His own way foraccomplish-
mg His inscrutable purposes. When He de-
creed that the towerof Babel should not approach
the heavens He sent a confusion of tongues, as
He has sent a confusion of tongues and of ideas
and of policies amogg the advocates of the war
in this House; and in these differences, in these
dissensions, in this confusion and conflict of ideas
and of designs and of propositions 1 see a hope
for my country. "Those whom the gods seek to
destroy they first make mad."
Now, sir, I repeat I care little whether this prop-
osition be adopted or not. I care not whether you
pass a bill for an additional loan of $400,000,000,
or of 41,000,000,000. 1 care not whether you pass
your gold bills or other bills having for their ob-
ject an avoidance o f th e impending calamity. I care
not under what policies- you prosecute the war;
it is wrong in its objects, destructive in its tend-
encies, and must fail of restoring the Union.
The way to restore this Union has not yet been
adopted or attempted by the Government or by
the party in power. Until some Administration
of the American Government adopts a policy of
reconciliation and of concession, and returns to
the principles on which our Government was
founded and on which the institutions of the
country were erected, the Union cannot be re-
stored. If the war continues we shall adopt om
expedient to another in the down-hill course to
destruction and national disintegration.
Mr. WARD. Will my colleague yield tome?
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. No, sir. I «ay,
Mr. Speaker, that until we return tothepathsof
peace; until the olive-branch is extended; until
an attempt at reconstruction by the civil, not the
military department, is attempted, you cannot
and you should not accomplish your purpo  .
The chairman of the Committee on Military
