2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
personal expenses are not as great as those of
officers of the Arm jr. The same is-true of officers
in the civil service in this city.
Mr. WILSON. Take, for instance, Colonel
Townsend or Colonel Harding or Major Vincent.
If you were to reduce them down in this way it
would be almost impossible for them to remain
here. I hope, therefore, under the circumstances,'
we shall reconsider this amendment if the con-
struction is put upon it that fuel and quarters are
not to be allowed them, and that we shall here-
after take up the matter and carefully consider it,
and classify the whole thing deliberately and care-
fully; because certainly if this amendment shall
be adopted and that construction is put upon it,
it is undoubtedly contrary to what the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs understood they were
doing. I do not believe that would be a fair con-
struction of it; but I do not want to run any risk
about it. In addition to that, I,think this is no
time for us to take from General Meade or Gen-
eral Butler or General Sherman or any of the gen-
erals commanding in the field or any of the offi-
cers in front of the enemy the additional rations
that they were allowed under the law o£ 1847. If
this construction would reach those eases I do not
want to reach them. 1 did want to reach a case
where to do so would be wrong. I hope before
the close of the session to prepare a measure that
will correct what I consider to be wrong; but I
certainly do not want to inflict any wrong on our
officers in Washington or in the front of the en-
emy.
Mr. GRIMES. Nobody has said, nobody has
intimated that the construction which the Sena-
tor from Maryland says is put upon this section
at the pay department affected General Meade
or General Butler. It only relates to the com-
mutation for fuel and quarters, not to the rations
or servants or forage.
The Senatorhaa referred toColonelTownsend.
What is Colonel Townsend's pay? Four years
ago, when Colonel Townscnd was only a major,
his pay, without the commutation for quarters
and fuel, was $2,094. Now he is a colonel. He
gels paid according to the ascending scale of his
rank, and he gets a corresponding amountof pay,
and his salary to-day, with the commutation of
quarters and so on, would amount to some thirty-
six or thirty-seven hundred dollars. Is not that
enough ? You do not pay your Comptrollers or
your Auditors more than that, do your Why
should you pay the man who performs clerical
duty in the War Department more? I want to
do them complete justice; but I do not want to
pay him who is a colonel here in the War De-
partment moro than I pay a colonel down,,in the
front.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to leconsider, and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays
10; as follows:
YKAR — Me^rs. Anthony, Chandler, ('lark, Oollamer,
Connor, Dixon, Fool, Foster, Harris Hendricks, llowaid.
Johnson, Lane of Uniiann, Mmgan, I'omcooy,
Ramsey, Uiehanlson, Sumner, Tun ii>ck, Wade, and Wil-
son—O'J.
NAVS — MoH.-r-i. Buckah-w, Davis Doolittle, Gumes,
Hale, Henderson, Howe, Powell, Tiumlmll, and Van
Winkle—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile,Cowan, Fessenden,
Hauling, N.irlnn, Hicks, l,:uie of Kan^ru, McDousall, Mm
"rill. Itiddle, SauMmrv, Sheiinnn, Spiayue, Wilkinson,
Willey, and Wu^ht—17.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on agreeing to the amendment pioposed
by the committee, to insert as section six the fol-
lowing:
Sec. 6. Anil be it further enactcd, That when the lank,
pay, and emolument* of any officer are declaied by law to
be tho&e or*a specified military grade, he shall he entitled
lo the pay and emoluments of that grade, and no more, any
previous law oi usage to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. 1*0 WELL. I have an amendment to offer
to the first section of the committee's report. I
do not know whether it will be in order now, as
we have passed it without reconsidering it.
Mr. FOOT. When the question was first pie-
sen ted to the Senate upon the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs to
the amendment of the House of Representatives,
the Senator from Kentucky, myself then being
in the chair for the time being,offered an amend-
ment to the amendment of the committee. The
Chair not being apprised of the extent and na-
ture of the House amendment, regarded it as an
ordinary amendment in part to the Senate bill,
and that the amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs was an amendment to the amend-
ment of the House, and was in the second degree,
and the amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky, being in the third degree, was not then
in order. He withheld his amendment and the
amendment of the committee was concurred in.
Upon examination, however, subsequently, my
own attention having been called to the question,
I find that the amendment of the House is in the
nature of an entire substitution for the original
Senate bill, and in such cases by the parliament-
ary law the amendment of the House is treated
as a part of the original text, that being the only
text of the original bill to which the amending
House have agreed; so that when it comes back
to the originating House it is to be treated as an
original bill, in other words as the text of the
bill, and not merely in the nature of an amend-
ment. Therefore, when an amendment is offered
either through a committee or by an individual
to this amendment or substitution of the amend-
ing House, it is treated as an amendment in the
first degree, treating the substitution or the amend-
ment in the form of a substitution of the amend-
ing House as the original bill, as the text itself.
In that view of it, and by the parliamentary law,
as the Chair will find by reference to it, the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Kentucky at
the time was in order, being in the second degree,
an amendment to the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Military Affairs, theirs being
an amendment in the first degree in a case of this
kind where the amending House offer an entire
substitute for the original bill of the originating
House. That being the case, and the Senator, by
misapprehension of the Chair at the time, with-
drawing his proposition as out of order, I move
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate con-
curred in the amendment of the committee to the
fiist section of the House amendment, in order
that the Senator Tiom Kentucky may have the
oppoitunity—which is his right, and which was
overiuled as out of order by the Chair through a
misapprehension on my part then occupying the
chair—to offer his amendment. 1 move to recon-
sider the vote for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I now move to strike out the
first amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, an (Ho insert in lieu thereof:
That fioui and altci the l*t day of May, 1864, the officers
non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates in the
ic^ul.u Auriyand volunteers and chaftecl forces in the ser-
vice of the United States shall he paid in gold: P>oviJed,
That said ofheers, non-commissioned officeis, musicians
and piivates may be paid in Treasuiy notes or paper money
when the (Jovornmcnt cannot pay in gold. If not paid in
gold, they shall be paid in paper an amount equal to the
value of gold at, the tune of payment.
Mr. President, it is very evident that in con-
sequencc^of the depreciation of paper money in
which we pay the soldiers their pay should be
increased. There is a great deal of difficulty in
fixing the amount that they should receive, in con-
sequence of not knowing what will be the value
of this paper money in which they are to be paid
in the future. The pay of the Army as at present
regulated by law was fixed before there was any
depreciation in the currency. I think the only just
mode by which we can remedy the evil is to pay
them in gold or its equivalent.
If we pass the amendment proposed by the
committee, increasing the pay, which increase is
certainly proper, it may be that in four months
from this time this paper money may be worth
greatly less than it is now. It may be at one hun-
dred or one hundred and fifty or two hundred per
cent, discount. If that should unfortunately be
the result, the soldiers would not be properly
paid; they would not get enough. It may pos-
sibly be that at the end of five months this paper
money may be something near par compared with
gold. If that should be the case, the pay would
be too great. The only mode by which we can,
with the fluctuations of this paper money, pass a
law to pay the soldiers in the field equitably and
justly is to measure theirpay by thegold standard,
The pay of the Army before the fluctuations of
the currency, I suppose, was fixed about right,
I take that for granted. Then we should con-
tinue to pay those men who are periling their
lives in the field either in coin or an amount of
paper money that is equivalent to it in value.
Under the amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs you pay some of the
soldiers sixteen dollars a month, and others, I be-
lieve, eighteen dollars. That is not quite as much
pay as they had before the depreciation of the
currency. But suppose you pass that, and this
paper money should depreciate in a few months
fifty per cent., the pay then would be greatly too
small. If, on the other hand, the paper money
were to improve greatly in value and come up to
something like par—a thing that I do not expect
unless you decrease the issue of this paper money,
indeed i know we shall not witness it unless the
paper issues arc decreased—then that will be pay-
ing them too high. In order to do exact justice
to those men, I think we should either pay them
in gold or its equivalent. I am fully aware that
we are not in a condition to pay gold, and I pro-
vide for that. Under this amendment, if the
Government cannot pay in gold, they can pay in
greenbacks or paper money, but they must pay
an amount equivalent to thegold which we cov-
enanted to pay in the beginning. I have given
this matter very mature reflection. I am in favor
of increasing the pay of the soldiers, and I do not
think the increase proposed by the amendment
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
is any too great. But, sir, you may pass this bill
to-day and perhaps to-morrow their pay may be
greatly less than it is to-day in consequence of
the depreciation of the currency. 1 think we
should fix some mode of paying these men that
would give them certain values on the day of pay-
ment. In my judgment there is no otherequita-
blc way in which we can pay them than the one
I propose. The amendment is clear and distinct
and simple, and I hope it will be adopted. I ask
for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to state that
my colleague [Mr. Willey] is necessarily ab-
sent from the city.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 23; as follows;
YEAS— Mcssis. Buckalew, Davis, Hendricks, Lane of
Indiana, J'owell, and Richaidson—G.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Conness. Dixon, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Grimes, llarlan,
Harris, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Lane ofKan&a! ,Moi-
gan, Motrill, Ramsey, Sunnier, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle,
and Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Carlile, Cowan, Fessenden,
Hale, Harding, Ilicks, Howard, McDougall, Nesnnth,
Tomeroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wright—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POWELL. I move to insert at the end
of the first section of the committee's amendments
the following proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not apply
to coloied soldiers.
It is not my purpose to make a speech on this
amendment. 1 think the whole country ought to
be satisfied that those negro soldiers are not equal
in value to white men. I know there are some
Senators who think that perhaps a white man is
nearly as good as a negro if he will behave him-
self. I am not one of those who think so. I think
the Anglo-Saxon blood is better on any field than
any negro that ever was born. I do not see that
they have done much m this war. 1 believe those
who marched thi ough this city the other day were
put in the rear of the Army and have not been sent
to the front in the terrible battles we have had, in
which the soldiers of our own race have exhibited^
the greatest valor. IJo people ever fought better
than the armies that have been fighting m the front
lately. All the reports i get from the Mississippi
valley are that these negroes are exceedingly
worthless, that they do but little except eat rations.
I do not think they ought to be paid as much as
white soldiers. I do not think they are worth as
much, and consequently I do not wish to have the
provisions of this bill increasing the pay of the
Army—for I am in favor of increasing the pay of
the white soldiers—apply to that worthless class
ofsoldiers. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 5, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Hendiieks, Powell,
and Richardson—5.
NAYS—Mcbsre. Anthony, Chandler, Clajk, Collamor,
Conness, Dixon, Poolittle, Foot, Fm.ter, Crimes, Harlan,
