1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8283
it. Oh ! sir, if he could only show us that there
is the least reasonable chance of restoring this
Union and preserving this Government without
any further bloodshed every man who loves this
country should strive to do that which he says
can be done.
Sir, it seems to me that we are deceiving our-
selves and others when, under existing circum-
stances, we say that we can now haVe the Union
and peace without firing another gun. To cry
peace and an abandonment of the war in my judg-
ment at this time means an acquiescence in the
independence of the southern confederacy arid a
dissolution of the Union. I can understand that
amid carnage, amid blood, amid sorrows and suf-
ferings such as exist among our people, lfa man can
make himself believed as an advocate of a prac-
ticable peace, he would have great weight. But i
ask my colleague [Mr. Fernando Wood] how
we can have peace to-day with a restoration of
theUnion? Where will you withdraw your armies
to? What will you do with Kentucky, the major-
ity of whose people have stood for this Union
under trials such as we have neverendured ? Will
you withdraw your armies and leave to the mer-
cies of the secession leaders every man in the
border States who has dared to stand up for the
flag and endeavored to perpetuate the union of the
States under the Constitution? Are you prepared
to leave to extermination those who trusted in our
good faith and power to maintain the old Govern-
ment? Will you allow them, with their families,
to be driven as outcasts into our northern States?
In my judgment peace is attainable now only by
agteeing to separation and abandoning theUnion
men of the border States to these calamities.
Where is the proposition for peace based upon
the perpetuity of the Union which has ever been
rejected by our people? There has been no prop-
osition for peace by those in rebellion that was
not based upon the idea of a destruction of the
Union which ourfatheis gave us, and which they
charged us to maintain and hand down to our
children, if we would be faithfuj to liberty and
free government.
Mr. FEP>.NANDO WOOD. Will my col-
league vieid to me ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. T object.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I merely desire
to answer the question of my colleague.
Mr. KERNAN. I have no objection to my
colleague asking me any question.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I do not propose
to ask him any question. I want only to answer
the question he propounded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects to the floor being yielded, and under
the rule which has just been read it can only be
yielded for explanation of the pending measure.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire only to
say upon my responsibility as a member of this
House that there have been three efforts for peace
made which have been rejected by this Govern-
ment-
Mr. KERNAN. One of those efforts I sup-
pose was the one made before Fort Sumter was
fired upon; and at that time my colleague from
New York city was one of the strongest advo-
cates for putting down the rebellion. It was pop-
ular then, and my colleague helped to raise the
great Mozart regiment to aid in putting down this
rebellion.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I stated in the
presence of my colleague that I aided to raise that
regiment which was intended to protect the cap-
ital and not to invade the southern States, and
that gentleman knows it well enough, and he has
no right io repeat here statements about me winch
he has heard me deny 011 this floor, and which
he cannot prove.
Mr. KEK.NAN. I know that in 1861 and 1862,
when the popular current in the State of New
York was in favor of raising men to protect this
capital and to defend and perpetuate the Consti-
tution and the Union, my colleague was not the
man to raise his voice against it. [Laughter arid
applause.] , , ,
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I denounced the
war in 1861 and 1862 as strongly as 1 do now.
Mr. KERNAN. I was a member of the Dem-
ocratic State convention in New York in 1861.
The politicians with whom my colleague was con-
nected and acted came to tnat convention and
were not admitted. That convention passed les-
olutions denouncing secession and declaring that
they were in favor of employing the necessary
force to suppress the rebellion. They further
declared that conciliation should be added to force
to bring the southern people back to obedience
to the Constitution, and, by what was known as
their ninth resolution, they protested against the
unconstitutional measures of the Administration,
against its arbitrary arrests, against the suspen-
sion of the habeas corpus, and against martial law
in States where no insurrection existed.
The gentleman's political friends went home;
they denounced us for embarrassing the Admin-
istration in the prosecution of the war; they then
went for the Union ticket, and the Democracy
were beaten.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. 1 would like to know what is
the subject-matter now under consideration by
the House.
. The SPEAKER. The conscription bill.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I would like
to ask the Speaker whether the debate to which
we have been listening for the last twenty min-
utes is pertinent to the subject before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it is. This bill is one to raise troops to carry
on the war for the Union, and this debate seems
to be relevant to that.
Mr. KERNAN. It is suggested to me by
those who know better than I do, that this Mo-
zart regiment, which my colleague says was sent
to defend this capital, was a regiment for three
years or the war. My colleague [Mr. Odell] is
my authority, and 1 appeal to him to substantiate
this statement.
Mr. ODELL. The statement made by my col-
league is exactly true. [Applause.]
Sir. IiLDRIDGE. I rise to a point, of order.
I submit that the raising of a regiment in New
York has nothing to do with the measure now
pending. [Laughter.]
Mr. ODELL. Tins regiment to which I refer
was raised under the auspices of the " Union De-
fense Committee," of which I believe my col-
league [Mr. Fernando Wood] was a member;
at any rate he acted in entire harmony with that
committee in sending troops to the war.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The mayor of the
city was the member. [Laughter-]
Mr. ODELL. Yes, s'u ; the mayor of the city.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Member ex officio,
by virtue of hid olllce.
Mr. ODELL. One word further, Mr. Speaker,
with the permission of my colleague, [Mr. Ker-
nan,] on this subject. Tammany Hall promptly
came forward in its patriotism and devotion-to
the country to raise a regiment of soldiers to sup-
port the Government. Mozart Ball, under the
patronage and auspices of my friend from the
New York district, could not consent to be be-
hind in that work, and asked permission thiough
the honorable gentleman to raise a regiinentalso;
and my friend from New York is the man who
did the work, and in the canvass of 1862, when
he and I were elected to our seats in this body, I
remember that became out in a card in the papers
and said that he had raised that regiment at an
expenditure to himself personally of over six
thousand dollars. [Laughter.] And here let me
say a braver regiment, a more gallant set of men
never left home to defend their country than that
same Mozart legiment. It lias written its name
historically 011 almost every battle-field in which
the brave army of the Potomac has fought; it
has been under a constant baptism of fire and
blood. The remnant of it has, 1 believe, reen-
listed, and the day before yesterday the colonel
of that regiment, Colonel Egan, as gallant a man
as ever drew a swoid, was brought into this city
and is now in a dangerous condition. These are
the men whom my colleague claimed to have
sent forth to light for and defend the institutions
of the country, and I am astonished, amazed, sir,
that ho should rise in his place to-day and say
that the regiment came here to defend the capi-
tal and to serve within the confines of the fortifi-
cations of this city.
It is not so, sir. They enlisted for the war;
they were mustered in for three years or the war,
and they enlisted to go wherever the authorities
of the country should send them, and they have
been sent up and down the Peninsula. Their
fortunes have been linked as warriors with their
comrades of the Potomac army. They fought
at Yorktown, at Williamsburg, at AntietanB,
Fredericksburg, Gettysburg, and now again io
the Wilderness; and to their eternal honor be
it said, their fighting at Cold Harbor was of that
character that they lost twenty-two line officers
and some three hundred men, and their dead have
been buried upon those fields side by side with
those of the brave men from my own district whc>
belong to th£ same brigade and division^ They
there sleep the sleep that knows no waking. "I
know all about them, sir, and 1 should be sorry,
indeed I would, sir, had I been instrumental as
my colleague has been in sending them to the
war, to forego for political reasons the credit of
doing so. I tell you, Mr. Speaker, that no man
in this House is more responsible for sending men
to this war than my colleague from New York is.
[Laughter.] Why, sir,on the20th ofMay, 1861,
1 was present and on the platform with him,
when at Union square, New York city, he ex-
horted and urged men to go by thousands to the
foot of Canal street, in the city of New York, and
there to embark for the war. At that time he was
may or of the city, as such was m position of great
power, and he having great personal influence in
addition, both were without reserve thrown upon
the side of the Union to the gathered thousands
attendant at that memorable meeting. Now, sir,
my colleague closed his speech by saying—
" My friends, it has beenaireadyannounced by the chair-
man of this meeting that the steamer Baltic and other ves-
sels at tlie foot of Canal street are ready to take five thou-
sand men to-morrow to tiie capital at Washington. I urge
a hearty response to that call that New York- may speak
trumpct-tongued to the people 0/ the South."
Surely, Mr. Speaker, this does not look much
like only defending the capital. The people of
the South, to whom my colleague wanted them
to speak, were not around the capital but " in
regionsbeyond." If I, like him, had held the posi-
tion and had exerted his power and influence to
send so many men forth to fight the battles of the
country, I would not, as he does to-day upon this
floor, repudiate them; no, never, never. I would,
sir, rather as a patriot ami lover of my country
cherish fondly the memory of the dead, and stand
for the defense and support of the living. [Laugh-
ter and applause on the floor.]
Mr.- KERNAN resumed the floor.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I hope my col-
I league will allow me the opportunity of replying.
Mr. KERNAN. I yield to my colleague from
New York.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker,
were it true, as is alleged by my colleague, [Mr.
Odell,] that I deserved all of this praise for hav-
ing laised such a noble regiment, which has lost
so many men and spilled so much blood in this
war, may the Almiglfty forgive me for the sin
S and error 1 have committed. [Hisseson the floor.]
Now, sir, briefly, candidly, clearly, and delib-
erately, I desire to repeat m a very few words
what 1 have said on previous occasions in this
House in reference to this question: In the
spring of 1861, at the breaking out of this wai,
when the Administration called for troops to pro-
tect the capital, when the rebel armies were
within cannon range of the building in which we
cue seated, 1 did use whatever influence I pos-
sessed, whateverfunds I could spare, and all the
power I had to raise a regiment of soldiers—no-
ble, true, Mozart Hall Democrats—to come down
here to protect the capital. It is also true that
after that regiment was raised, and when it was
beyond my control, it was mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States, and was prostituted to
other purposes. Whether its enrollment was for
three days or for three years was a subject over
which 1 had no power, and for which it is not
ri°-ht to make me responsible.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it mayor may notbe true,
and admitting it were true that at the commence-
ment of this war, when the whole American peo-
ple rallied as it were like one man for the pro-
tection of the Union, I did exert myself actively
in raising troops, I can say with entire consist-
ency that after the war has been diverted to an-
other and wholly unconstitutional purpose, in
which the men and money we have given have
been used in a fruitless and unsuccessful contest
for wicked and partisan purposes, 1 say it is en-
tirely consistent with my present position when
| I now say that 1 am opposed to the continuation
