1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2807
Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, and Wilson—26.
ABSENT—Me&sifc. Biown, C<\riile, Cowan, Fessenden,
Hale, Harding, Ihcks, McDougall, Nesmith. liiddle, Sauls-
bury, Shei man, Sprague,Tiumbuli,Wade,Wilkinson,WiL
ley, ami Wright—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The question is on the bill as amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is the question now on
the passage of the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is
on the bill as amended. The Senate originated
the bill; it came back from the House of ""Repre-
sentatives with a substitute; that substitute has
been amended, and the question now is on the
substitute as thus amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say that I shall
support the bill, though I do not agree with some
of us provisions. In the first place I am notcon-
tent cheerfully to vote an increase of pay to the
negio troops. I believe honestly that every mil-
lion of dollars that is paid away of the people's
money to support negro troops in the field is so
much money lost, and that the people to that
extent are unnecessarily, wrongfully taxed. I
believe that this bill also does not provide that
compensation for the soldiers that they ought to
receive. While the currency has depreciated in
value, the expenses of living to the soldiers have
largely increased. X think that their compensa-
tion ought to be near twenty dollars per month
to make it what in the first place the Government
agreed they should have; but on several occasions
the question has been fairly tested in the Senate,
and it is now found that it is impossible to carry
more than sixteen dollars per month. 1 think this
is a very insufficient, inadequate increase of their
pay; but as it is all that can be secured to them,
as it is the best we can do, I shall vote for the bill.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
BRANCH MINT AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit a motion that the
House of Representatives be requested to return
to the Senate the bill (S. No. 17G) authorizing the
erection of buildings for the branch mint at San
Francisco, passed some days since. I find that
there was an error in the engrossment. The bill
made an appropriation of"§300,000; but it has
found its way to the House with an appropria-
tion of $3,000. The committee of the House sug-
gest that it be withdrawn from there, and the en-
grossment corrected. I make this motion with
that view.
The motion was agreed to.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives returningto the Senate,
agreeably to its request, the bill (S. No. 176) au-
thorizing the erection of buildings for the branch
mint at San Francisco.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (S.No. 265) to expedite
and regulate the printing of public documents,
and for other purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. As the amendment of the
Committee on Printing is a substitute for the en-
tire bill, perhaps it will only be necessary to read
the substitute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The original
bill will not be read unless some Senator desires
to hear it. The substitute will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That heieafter, instead of furnishing manuscript copies
of the documents usually accompanying their annual re-
ports to each House of Congress, or to tiie Superintendent
of Public Printing, the heads of the several Departments of
Government shall transmit them, on or before the 1st day
of November in each year, to the Joint Committee of Con-
gies-s on Public Punting; and that it shall be the duty of
that joint committee to appoint some competent person,
who *hall edit and select such portions of the documents
so placed in their hands as shall, in the judgment of the
committee, be desii able for popular distribution, and to pre-
pai e an index to the same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the bend-* of the several Departments of Govern-
ment to fui rush the Superintendent of Public Printing with
copies of their respective reports on or before the third
Monday in November in each year.
Snc. 3 And be it further cnactcd, That it shall be the
duty or the Superintendent of Public Printing to print the
Piesident's message, the reports of the heads ot Depart-
ments, and tiie abridgment of accompanying documents
prepared under the direction of the Joan Committee on
Public Printing, suitably bound; and that, in addition to
the number now rcquiied by law, and unless otherwise or-
dered by either House of Congress, it sh<iil be his duty to
print ten thousand copies of the same for the use of the
Senate, and twenty-five thousand copies for the use of the
House, and to deliver the same to the piopei officer of each
House, respectively, on or before the third Wednesday m
December following the assembling of Congress, or as&oon
thereafter as practicable. And I urther, it shall also be the
duty of the said Superintendent to cause to be printed and
stitched in paper covers twenty-five hundred copies of the
annual repoits of the Executive Departments for the use
of said Departments, respectively, and also one thousand
copies«of the reports of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, Commissioner of Pensions, Commissioner of
the Internal Revenue, and such number of the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs,, to be bound, not exceed-
ing three thousand copies, as may be directed by the Secre-
taiy of the Interior, for their use, respectively; and also
fivehundted copies of the reports of the superintendent
of the Washington aqueduct, architect of the Capitol ex-
tension, Metiopolitan Police Board, Third Auditor of the
Tieasury, and of the Insane A«ylutn, Columbia Institute,
and Commissioner of Public Buildings, i,e,spectively, for
their n-e, anil one bundled copies of the icport ot the Bu-
leau of Engineers, lor the use ot said buieau. And he shall
not pi int any greater number ot said ifpoits unless other-
wise dnected by cithci House of Congress.
Sec. -I. And be itjwither enacted, That seven thousand
copies of the ''Commercial Relation*," annually prepared
under the direction of the Secretary of State, be printed and
distributed as follow**, namely, the u«ualnumbci (one thou-
sand fi\e hundred and filty) foi the Houses of Congress;
fourhundred and fifty for the Srate Depai tinent; two thou-
sand for the use of the membeis of the Senate ; and three
thousand for the u«e ofmrmbeis of the House.
Sec. 5. And be. it further enacted, That the annual report
of the Postmastei Geneial of offers received audi contracts
for conveying the mails, in compliance with the twenty-
fourth and twenty-fifth sections of the act of Congress ap-
proved July 2,1836; also that poition ot the annual repoit
of the Secietaiy of the Navy, giving an abstract of offeis
(embracing those which aie i ejected as well as those which
arc accepted) received lor furnishingatticlescoimugundcr
the cognizance of the bureau- of the Navy Department, hi
part compliance with the act of Congress nppioved Match 3,
1843; and also that poiuori of the annual icpoit of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, giving Indian di^buiscmcnts, m pint
compliance with the act of Congress approved July 5,1^62,
be no longei punted unless specially oideied by either
Hou-e of Confess; and that such portions of the above-
mentioned acts as authorized the publication of the above-
mentioned poi tions of the annual leports of the Postmastei
Geneial, the Secietan of the Navy, and the Seeretaiy of
the Jnterioi, be, and the mitio aic hereby, repealed.
Slc.G. And beitf wither enacted, That tioui and ai'lei the
pas^aye of this act it shall be the duty of the Secietaiy of
the Senate to furnish the Supeimteiident of Public Print-
ing with coireet copies ol all laws and joint resolutions as
soon as po^iblo alter then* approval by the Prosidentof the
[Tinted States, and that the .Superintendent shall imtnedi
ately have them punted sepaiately, three hundred ol each
lor the u-e ol the Senate and one thou-und lor the use ot
the House of Representative* 5 and m addition thereto he
shall Cciu-e to tie printed and bound, at the close of each
feession of Congress, three thousand copies thereof foi the
use of the Senate and ten thousand eopie- nn the use of
the House, with a complete index, piep.ued undei the di-
rection of the Joint Committee on Public Printing.
Sec. 7. And be it further cnactcd, That section seven of
the joint resolution in relation to the public printing, ap-
pioved June 23. 1S60, be so amended as to requne the
Superintendent^ Public Punting to adveitise only in two
newspapers published m the cities of New York, Cincin-
nati, Boston, Philadelphia, and Balumoie, for thntv days
prior to the 1st day of November of each year, for pioposals
for furnishing the paper necessary tor the execution ol the
public punting
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all lithographing
and engiavme, where the probable total cost of the maps
or plates illustrating or accompanying any one work ex-
ceeds $250, shall be awarded to the lowest and be<-t biddei
fot the intei e*«ts of the Government, due reg.ud being paid
to the execution of the woik, attei due advertisement by
the Superintendent of Public Printing, undei direction of
the Joint Committee on Printing- Ptovided, That the Joint
Committee on Public Printing be authorized to empower
the Superintendent of Public Punting to make immediate
contiaets for engraving whenever m their opinion tit" exi-
gencies of the public service will not justify waiting for
adveitisement and award-
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever any
person may desire extra copies ot any document punted at
the Government printing office, by authority of law, he
shall notify the Snpeuutendent'of Public Punting of the
number ot copies desired pieviou? to its being put to picas,
and shall pay in advance the estimated co-n thereof to said
Superintendent, who shall be authouzed, under the direc-
tion or the Joint Committee on Public Printing, to furnish
such extra copies; and the money so leceived, together
with moneys received by him fiorn the sales of paper shav-
ings and imperfections, shall be deposited in tire Treasuiy
of the United State* to' the credit of the appropriations for
public printing, binding, and paper, respectively, as desig-
nated by said Supeiintendent; and further, the Secietary
of the Treasury is hereby directed to cause the moneys
heretofore deposited by said Superintendent in the Treas-
ury of the United States, being the proceeds of sales of paper
shavings and imperfections, to be placed to the credit of
the appropriations aforesaid, which said several sums of
money shall be subject to the lequisitiou of said Supeiin-
tendentin the manner now piescribed by law.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever papers
relating to foreign affairs shall be communicated to Con-
gress, at the request of either House of Congress, or by di-
rection of the President of the United States, it shall be the
duty of the Superintendent of Public Printing to cause to
be printed and bound,dh addition to tlic usual number, four
"thousand copies for the use of the members of the Senate,
seven thousand copies for the use of the members of the
House of Representatives, and such number for the Execu-
tive Department as the President shall direct-.
Sec. II. And be it further enacted, Thatthe forms and
style m which the printing or binding ordered by any of the
Departments shall be executed, the materials and size of
type to be used shall be determined by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, having proper regard to economy, work-
manship, and the purposes for which the work is needed.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That aillaws ©mparts
of laws, joint resolutions or parts of joint resolutions, con-
flicting with the above provisions, be, and'they are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I desire to amend the
amendment of the committee. In line fourteen,
section five, I move to strike out" July 5,1S6&,"
and insert "June 30, 1834." It is a mistake in
the description of a law,
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. In line three, section nine,
I move to sti'ike out the word "he" and insert
"and;" and in the sixth line of the same section
•strike out ihe word " who" and insert " the Su-
perintendent."
The amendment to the amendment was agpfred to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The object of the bill is to
regulate and expedite the printing of the public
documents, and also to introduce some economy
into that branch of the public business. There
are some novel provisions that the committee have
considered very maturely, and as I do not wish
to take the Senate by surprise, I will explain what
they arc.
The purposeof the first section is in accordance
with an act that was passed at the last session,
but has not been fully carried into effect, to re-
quire that the documents accompanying the Pres-
ident's message shall be placed in the hands of the
Public Primer so early that they may be laid be-
foreus in the earlypaitof the session, in January,
so that the recommendations contained in them
may leceive the action of Congress. The first sec-
tion also provides that the Joint Committee on
Printing shall oppointsome competent person who
shall edit and select such portions of the docu-
ments accompanying the President's message so
placed in their hands as shall, in the judgment of
the committee, be desiiable for popular distribu-
tion, and to prepare an index to the same. These
documents now aic without ^indexes; they are
exceedingly voluminous; the publication of the
whole of them is useless, and very expensive; the
publication of a portion of them is very desirable
for the purpose of popular information, and the
bill proposes that a competent person shall be se-
lected to abridge, edit, and index them, winch
will lender them far more valuable.
Mi. SUMNER. If my fneud will allow me I
will ask him whether upon the whole it would not
be better to insert before the word " index" the
word " alphabetical" as a further explanation. I
should be aftaul thatthe person to whom he con-
fided this might discharge it m an imperfect way
merely by preparing an index not according to
the alphabet, but just according to the order of
the contents, which I think would not be satis-
factory.
Mr.. ANTHONY. The suggestion is a very
proper one, and I should be glad to have it incor-
porated into the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. My amendments in the thir-
teenth line of the first section of the amendment
of the committee before the word " index" to in-
sert the word " alphabetical." I make that mo-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. At every session of Con-
gress we are called upon by the heads of De-
partments to publish additional numbers of the
leports of the various bureaus. These requests
frequently eome after the type has been distrib-
uted. Wc passed such a resolution to-day. Ad-
ditional numbers arc called for by the heads of
Departments, and are represented to be necessary
for the efficiency of the public service, and we gen-
erally print them. The third section provides
that a certain number of the repoits of the heads
of bureaus, such a number as has been found ne-
cessary and is thought proper by the heads of De-
partments, shall be printed when the type isfirst
set, and no greater number is allowed to be printed
except by order of either House of Congress.
The fourth section provides for the printing of
the Commercial Relations, as that volume has
