1s8£
rm« congressional: a^our
attempt to add anything1 to-the eloquent words
spoken here to-day of our deceased colleague.
I will not attempt it. I will only say that in look-
ing over our country to-day, among all the brave,
and eloquent and noble men, both in civil and
military life, who are seeking to uphold the flag
of our country, there lives no truer, nobler, braver
heart than that which beat in the breast of Owen
Lovejoy.
One incident in his lifey which I shall never for-
get, has been recalled to-day. .More than twenty
years ago, the first time that lever" saw Mr. Lb v&
jot, I had the pleasure of hearing him in the city
of Chicago speak upon the subject which always
lay near to his heart, the subject of liberty to the
slave; and I heard him on that occasion describe,
in words the eloquence of which has not yet
faded from my mind, the scene of his brother's
death, that brother^who fell a martyr to liberty
and liberty of the press. AnU I remember that
after describing'the scene of that death in words
that stirred every heart, he said that he went a
pilgrim to'his brother's grave,and, kneeling upon
the sod beneath which sleeps that brother, he
swore by the everlasting God eternal hostility to
Ji/nean slaverWell and nobly has he kept that
oath; and when the scene of these days shall have
passed, when peace shall once more be restored
Ui our country, when the historian shall write
upon his records the karnes of those who have
done most to accomplish the great desideratum
for which he lived, the destruction of African
slavery, in my judgment he will record the name
of no man who has done more than Owen Loye-
JOT.
Sir, it is too early to write his epitaph or to
pronounce hiseulogy. When this civil war shall
have been-ended, when our country shall be once
more restored to unity based upon liberty, then
full and complete justice will be done to Owen
Lovejoy.
Thequestion was taken on theresolutions;and
they weie agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed the following as the
committee authorized by the resolutions: Messrs.
Faunsworth, Rice of Maine, and Ross.
And thereupon (at five minutes past three o'clock
p„ m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Mareh 29, 1864-
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a petition from a com-
mittee of the German Radical National Club of
Philadelphia, in which they set forth certain ob-
jections at length, being seven in number, to the
amnesty proclamation of the President and his
proposed system of reconstruction, and they con-
clude by calling upon Congress to provide by
s.ome effective legislation against the evils which
they think will come from carrying out the policy
of the President. As the whole subject of recon-
struction has already been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, i ask that this petition
may have that destination.
TiieVtCE PRESIDENT. That reference will
be made.
RKPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, to whom was referred
the memorial of Charles F. Anderson, architect,
praying for compensation for his time, labor, and
professional knowledge and skill employedin con-
ceiving, devising, and preparing plans for the ex-
tension, enlargement, and improvement of the
Capitol building, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 207) for the relief of Charles F.
Anderson. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
f Ilr"ued- BILIjg INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 205)
h authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
? to the Governor of Minnesota, or his authorized
agent, the further costs, charges, and expenses
incurred in suppressing Indian hostilities within
that State, and upon its borders, in the year 1862;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
f the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
• ' NAVY-YARD ON TUB DEbAWARl!.' '—
• Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No. 206}
for the establishment.of a naVy-yard and nava'f
depot on .the Delaware river} 'which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I asTc for the reading'of Xhle
bill at length. I should like to hear it.'
The Secretary read it. It authorizes' the Sec-
retary of the Navy to construct a navy'-yard andt
naval depot on the Delaware river at such plhce
as shall bemostadvantageoustothe Government
and the public service, taking into account the
advantages of location and economy of construc-
tion. The location of the navy-yard and naval
depot is to be fixed within the limits named byu
commission to be appointed by the Secretary of
the Navy, and to consist of seven scientific and
practical'men, none of whom is to reside or own
lands within fifty miles of the Delaware river or
bay; and a report of a majority of the commis-
sion, when approved by the Secretary of the Navy
and the President of the United States, is to be
final.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
ARREST OF WILLIAM YOCUM.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Hesolved, That the Committee on the'Judiciary inquire
and report to the Senate whether or not William Yocuin,
a citizen of the United States, late n resident of Cairo, is
or not confined iuthcpeiiiteritiaty of New York, situated in
Albany, or some otlu'r prison, by and under the sentence oi
a military court, for which the said William Yocuru has re-
ceived the full and unconditional pardon of the President
of the United States; and that the said committee have
power to send for persons and papers. '
Mr. SUMNER. Let, that lie over. The chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary is not now
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over under the rule.
CHARLES L. NELSON.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill for the re-
lief of Charles L. Nelson. Itis a small bill, and
will not take any time.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
197) for the relief of Charles L. Nelson was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Charles L. Nelson §308 for his ser-
vices as agent for the improvement of the harbor
of Burlington, Vermont, from January 15, 1853,
to April 2,1853, inclusive, at four dollars per day.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FOOT. I move to take up Senate bill No.
43, relating to the office of Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which had been recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and re-
ported with amendments.
Mr. FOOT. There are two amendments re-
ported by the committee, which are the amend-
ments adopted in Committee of the Whole when
the bill was under consideration before it was re-
committed.
The first amendment of the committee was in
line eleven, after the word " Washington," to in-
sert " except those connected with the extension
of the Treasury buildings;" so that it will read:
And all appropriations hereafter made fot the public
buildings and grounds belonging to the United Stales m the
city of Washington, except those connected with the ex-
tension of the Treasury buildings, shall be disbursed by
said Commissioner, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmentwas in line fourteen, after
the word " appropriation,'5 to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
And the office of said Commissioner shall be under the
supervision and control of the President of the United
States.
Mr. FOOT. That was also adopted before in
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr.- LANEyof
Indiana- [Mr. Hendricks]4s;f£ry aivx%as tb;be
heard on this subject, abd aehe te ttotiiew in his
seat 1 should be glad to- have this bill postponed'
for the present. '   
where; <
seat si nee-the opeftihg-of theSehfiite,fttd'was;witfr
me- in the CoronrtftleSon PufeKc Lefn&Hhi* tooH*-5
ing.-i woul#'pot:6&H,ap'tbebHl forbonsidefaiioft
if} his absence.1, 1 frave delayed it an entire weeM
in consequence of his absence. ! I shouidrfegai'if
that as due in courtesy to-thd
ana as a member of tie eorintthute that reported
this bill, i see that lief is now present.1* r
- Mr. President, } am not unaware of the diffi-
culty which very often attends anyattempttodis-
continue or get rid of-ah officcor agency under the
Government, however unnecessary or however
useless it may have become, and especially'if it
be an office or agency that pays well to.the incum-
bent of it. In fa^l, the hipre useless itis>cxc*?pt
for the salary of the mcumbetitof the'ofjfice, the
greater the diffieulty-I have'-sometiwes thoughtift
getting rid of it; and the case before tfs§y it fteehrs
to me, is not an unapt if 1 us t r& tieii of th?s general
remark. - ' " . v ■ !
Since the 1st of July last, and then-for theflr^
time, we have had-whatis termed in hkcommi^
sion from the Secretary of the Interior s general
superintendent oftheCapitoTextensior^&e;', with
a salary stipulated and fixed by "the Secretary at*
$2,500 a year, and with the privilege of a clerk-
ship, which is also filled, at $l,€00a year, making
the sum of §4,100 annu-aily for, this general sa-
perintendency now of the CapitoI'e^tensiOn.^ricf
dome. The Committee on Public Buildings, who
have had the subject in charge and ijnder'consid-
eration, have thought and are of opinion that there
is no necessity for this office or agency, and con-
sequently no occasion for this additional cost to
the Government. The committee have thought,
and are of opinion, that the duties, whatever they
are, of this office or agency may as well be per-
formed by the Commissionerof Public Buildings;
and the sole purpose of this bill is to commit these
duties to the Commissioner, and thus to dispense'
with this office or agency of general superintend-
ent, and its cost of $4,100 a year,as being; wholly
unnecessary. That is the opinion of the com-
mittee, whether right or tvrong.
I have endeavored pn a former occasion briefly
to show that there was really no necessity for this'
office and this additional expense. I will not re-
peat what I have before said on that point.
But there is another question of legal right and
authority on the part of the Secretary of the In-
terior to make such an appointment, to create
such an office. When this subject was before the
Senate some weeks ago, and I was making some
remarks in reference to this appointment, speak-
ing of it as a mere agency, not an office known
to the law or whose duties were prescribed by
any law, my colleague put the inquiry, and a very
appropriate and pertinent inquiry it was too, out
of what fund this general superintendent was paid,
and by whose authority ? My answer to that in-
quiry was at the time, and correctly I think, that
the superintendent was paid out of the appropria-
tion for the Capitol extension and dome, and by
the Secretary of the Interior, or under his di-
rection.
That inquiry suggests the further question, what
authority of law, or of usage, if you please, has
the Secretary to make this appointment of a gen-
eral superintendent, stipulating for and fixing his
salary at $2,500 a year, ayd paying it out of ihe
Capitol appropriation fund? I am of opinion*
Mr. President, that this appointment is without
authority of law, and without authority of usage
or practice, as well as being unnecessary at the
present time.
From the commencement of these works upon
the extension of the Capitol, now some thirteen
years, and through all us progress up to the 1st of
July last, there has never been an appointment as
an original appointment^ with a fixed salary by the
power making the appointment, until the 1st of
July last. This is the first instance of such an
appointment as an original independent appoint-
ment with a fixed salary at $9,500 a year or any
other salary,and a clerkship in addition at $1,600
a year or any other salary. From 1853 to 1861
the supervision of the Capitol extension and dome
