1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
respond and pay them. I think that it is sound
policy for us to so shape the law that it will not
create a disgusj^and hatied against the Govern-
ment in consequence of the mode or manner of tax-
ation or the time at which these tuxes are levied.
Now, if this proposition to levy the tox upon
whatever may be on hand should unfortunately
carry, I say to you in all seriousness that your
, law cannot be enforced without double the num-
ber of internal tax-gatherers that we now have.
It is utterly impossible that the tax can be col-
lected under the law we now have upon the stat-
ute-book, or by the number of officers that we now
employ.
Look again at the amount of illicit trade that it
will create. Why, a man living upon the border
line of Canada, if this tax shall be imposed, can
make over a dollar a day by just carrying a single
gallon of alcohol across the lines. 1 do not want
that at this time we should induce that kind of
operation. I believe that it would bo unfortunate
for the countiy if we should do it.
Mr. Chairman, wo have already tried an ex-
periment in this unique kind of legislation. It
will be lemembered that at the last session this
House, against the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, levied a license tax
upon lottery-venders of $1,000, and then levied
a tax of fifty per cent, upon the amount of the
tickets sold. The consequence has been that the
Governmenthas not received a single dollar from
that source, while it is notorious that the business
is being carried on, being authoi ized by several of
the States, to thesameextentas formerly. I hope
the House will so fix its legislation at this time
upon the great subject of taxation that the people
at home will not use in revolution against it.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Fernando Wo od *s
amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I believe I have said all I de-
sire to say upon this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order unless he proposes an amendment.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Well, I move to strike out
all but the first word ofthe amendment. We all
remember, sir, the fable of the goose that laid the
golden eg^s. I fear that we are in danger of do-
ing something very like that.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. T rise to
a point of order. Is the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois to strike out what has not
been adopted by the House m order?
The CHAIRMAN. He proposes to strike out
a portion of the amendment so as to matuie the
amendment, which is in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 am infoimed by those who
understand this subject thoroughly, and who, I
have no doubt, state the ease us it is, that it is ut-
terly impossible, with the present machinery and
under the present law in regard to the collection
of these taxes, to enforce any such provision as
that. I am informed on what I conceive to be
good authority that a law like this will absolutely
break up a large portion of the distillcucs in my
State.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I understand
that some of the distillers fiom my State or from
my own disti tet make the point that the hill as re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
will break up their distilleries.
Mr. LOVEJOY. My colleague must not use
up all my time.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say in response to the
gentleman from Illinois that we had before the
Committee of Ways and Means a large number of
gentlemen, and without a single exception they
were for a lower duty than what the committee
reported.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That has
nothing to do with the question which I put to
my colleague.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The argument of the gentle-
man is that this would be unjust to the distillers. I
suppose they ought to know what will injure them,
and what not. If my colleague has any excep-
tional cases in his disti ict, of course he understands
that better than I do. In my own district is man-
ufactured more than half of that which is man-
ufactured in the Slate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt of that, and I think that more than half of
it is drank also in the gentleman's district.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Then I hope the House will
hold out no inducement for thorn to act so in the
future.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I oppose the amendment offered by my col-
league. It appears to me that this whole ques-
tion lies in a nutshell, though I do not pretend to
so much information on this subject as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means must have. To my
mind the proposition is very simple. 11 is whether
we shall levy this tax on parties who hold stocks
of the article, or whether, letting them go free,
put the amount of tax in their pockets which they
will collect out of the consumer. It is the few
speculators in whisky against the great mass of
consumers. I hold in my hand a copy of the
document referred to by my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Pike,] coming from the State which my
colleague and myself have the honor, in part, to
represent. It is a memorial sent to me by an es-
teemed friend from Chicago. The proposition is
stated on the title-page very distinctly. Itis this:
"The only true way to tux is to tax ail wines and alco-
hol ^old after such a date, crediting to all that lias been
paid on, the amount so paid. Capitalists have no more
right to have their capital exempted fiom a tax because
they have it in whi-dvv than if it were m jaihoad stock.
H;w Congers the right to legislate (a^jteertainlv would be
doing it they should tax. all made aftet date) in f.ivor of
eapital invested m whisky, and against the best inteiests
of the country at l.itjic: Would not such legislation be
cieatinn a privileged cla*s, exempt Irom taxation, though
not investing them with titles?"
And now, one word in reference to the effect
which this thing would have on distillers. Here
is a statement presented in this memorial which
goes to confirm very strongly the position taken
by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson.] It
says:
'•Itis believed that with the rstilnated s-tock on hand
April 1, 1864, being a six months'1 supply, ail de-tillers
will ^top until that supply is nearly woiked* off, for the rea-
son that the stock on hand can he sold at twenty cents per
gallon cheaper than the distiller, can afford to fell wines
manuf.ictuied subsequent to that date. The only points
they would he likely to continue to manufacture would be
tho^e to which wine?, would eostinoie to In: tran^poi ted
than the distillei could launch at and pay the foity cents
tax. Such points, in the ablegate, would" no! exceed one
eighth of the estimated numliei—thirteen hundred."
There aie various other propositions and sta-
tistics laid down in this memorial which are cer-
tainly very interesting; and if we had time I
would read the statement, to the committee to
show the practical opeiation of this proposition
to exempt from taxation the stock of liquois on
hand. I meiely wish now to call the attention
ofthe committee to some of these propositions,
and to state that in my opinion nothing is more
just or more nghieous than to tax the liquor on
hand. The inteiestof the holders and specula-
tots is antagonistic to the interests of the people
and to the interests of theTreasury; and 1 am for
the people and fur replenishing the Tieasury by
all just and proper legislation.
The question being on Mr. Lo\ejoy's amend-
ment, Mr. Lovejoy withdrew it.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the amendment. I
desire to say m regard to that portion which re-
feis to distillers that numerous committees from
them were before the Committee of Ways and
Means, every one of which, without a single ex-
ception, protected against imposing a tax on the
stm k of hquor on hand. There is probably some
peraon having a large stock on ha.ld whom it is
proposed to reach in this way. It is all in a nut-
shell. The gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Fer-
nando W odd] has succeeded very well, i think, tn
what he pioposed to accomplish, which was to
distract tins side ofthe House, put the lesponsi-
bility of the act upon us, und so get his party into
power. 1 wilhdiaw the amendment.
Mi. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will say to
the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania that I am will-
ing to take toy share of the responsibility.
Mr. GARFIELD. I renew the amendment.
I do notknowthat I understand exactly whatihe
gentleman from Pennsylvania means, and if I am
wiong 1 wish to be corrected. It makes no dif-
ference to me who it is that oilers nil amendment.
The gentleman from New Yoik [Mr. Feiinaxdo
Wood] has offered an amendment whn:h appeals
to my st'Uhe of what is ptoper. 1 recognize it just
as important coming from him as if it had been
offered by thegontluman fiom Peunsylvnnia, [Mr.
Steven^.] If tin; amendment be wrong m piin-
ciple 1 desire some gentleman oil this side ofthe
House or on the other to show it; and when that
shall be shown I will vote against it. In the mean
time 1 shall go for it. I do not understand > I have
never understood, that jf I buy a horse I do so
under a quasi contract with the Government that
there never will be a higher tax put upon that
horse than existed when 1 bought him. It seems
to me that what gentlemen have been saying here
this morning is based uponthatfallacy—upon the
supposition that when a person purchases any-
thing or produces anything liable to taxation the
Government is under contract to him not to tax
that thing any more than it was taxed at the time
he bought it or produced it.
Now, what are the facts in the case before us?
Since the passage of the act of August, 1862, tax-
ing liquors, nearly all the surplus corn and rye ill
the country has been distilled, and millions ot
gallons of liquor are now in the country in the
hands of speculators. Upon that stock it is pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York to levy
an additional tax for the purposes of revenue.
But gentlemen tell us there is a quasi contract
which the Government has entered into with these
distillers and dealers, that it will not tax liquors
any more until it has given them due noticp.
Now, I do not recognize any such piinciple of
legislation, or any such obligation on the part of
the Government of the United States. Everyman
ownsand produces property with the understand-
ing that the Government has the right to tax it,
and I propose that we shall exercise that right
now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but I will put this question to him: sup-
pose there is an import duty of, say, twenty or
twenty-five per cent, upon a certain article of
foreign merchandise, and with the knowledge of
that rate of duty, and with that understanding, t
contract for the importation of a certain amount
of that article; 1 ask the gentleman if it would be
just for the Government to place an additional
duty of twenty or twenty-fivepercent.upon that
article for which I had previously contracted?
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman says he
purchased with that understanding. I should like
to ask who was the other party to that under-
standing?
Mr. LOVEJOY. The Government.
Mr. GARFIELD. With whateverunderstand-
ing the gentleman purchased, there was none on
the part of the Government that did not leave it
perfectly at liberty to lay an additional tax if it
so determined. 1 would consent to no doctrine
that did not admit that piinciple. •
Mr. BLAINE. Suppose the goods have al-
ready been imported and are lying in the bonded
warehouse; does thegentleman hold that theGov-
ernment would have therightto lay an additional
tax upon the goods while lying in the warehouse ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Yes, sir; the gentleman
does hold that the Government would have the
right to lay an additional tax upon them.
*Mr. BLAINE. That is a new principle.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The question is not whether
the property, lias been taxed, but whether the
pioperty has not been purchased with the under-
standing that no increased tax was to be imposed;
and whether, under these circumstances, the Gov-
ernment has the right to incrrase the import tax
upon the goods so purchased?
Mr. GARFIELD. I have already answered
the gentleman's question; but the question before
us is not one of importation, but one of internal
revenue, and to that question I have addressed my
remarks. Of course it might be right and proper
for us to make some provision for contracts made
under the old law and continuing yet.
But, Mr.Chairman, 1 object to the Suggestions
that have been made on this side of the House,
that this amendment should not prevail because it
came from the gentleman from New York. I
have no more love for that gentleman than many
others here; but if we cannot meet the thing he
proposes, lot us not object to it because of the
source from which it comes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. A single word in opposition
to the amendment to the amendment. If the
House are determined to ovemde the principles
involved in the bill as reported, let me say that
they will not collect the tax they propose to lay
on this manufactured article principally from spec-
ulators. Most of them sell out when they can
obtain a reasonable amount of'profit, and a great
