8284
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
ofa war which it has become apparent to the Amer-
ican people cannot and should not succeed.
Mr. KERNAN. I beg it to be understood that
I have no desire to fix upon any gentleman the
charge of inconsistency; but I do desire to call
the attention of the House to one or two facts
which will show that, however much we may de-
sire peace, any man who says to-day that there
should not be another gun fired must be willing
to acquiesce in the dissolution of the Union of the
States, and to negotiate a peace upon that basis.
In my judgment this result can be averted now
only by employing adequate fores to overcome
those in armed rebellion against the authority of
the United States Government, and at the same
time adopting a policy of moderation and concil-
iation toward the people of the rebellious States
which will lend to bring them back to theUnion.
I admit that mere force of arms cannot restore and
preserve the Union; it will not be desirable if it
is to be held together only by bayonets; I admit
that notwithstanding all the armed power we may
exert, disunion, with all its consequent disasters,
may come by pursuing a false and unconstitu-
tional policy as to the objects of the war, by per-
mitting extreme fanatical men to push us into a
position which we should not as a Government
occupy; but I believe that no matter what party
were to-day in power, we could not have peace
with the Union preserved except by showing that
we have power to put down armed resistance to
its legitimate authority. Not that I believe or
ever have believed that the great mass of the
southern people, if satisfied that their rights under
the Constitution are to be respected and secured
to them, desire to destroy the Union; but, sir, 1
have believed and do believe that, in the language
of their own vice president, Stephens, whom 1
call as a witness, ambitious men, who believed
they could form a government in which they
could rule supreme, have Beized upon the power
of those States, and have bound together the
mass of the people against the Union by pointing
to acts and declarations by portions of the people
of the North which indicated that the people of
the southern States were to be deprived of their
constitutional rights. During this session speeches
have been made in this Hall, resolves and laws
passed, the tendency of which was to unite the
people of the southern States as one man against
the restoration of the Union and in favor of an
independent confederacy.
Sir, disunion may be accomplished, but I for
one mean ut least to have the satisfaction of being
able to say that I was one of those who resisted
it by my voice, by my counsel, and by everything
I could properly do. If this misfortune is to hap-
pen, whether it occurs soon or after several years,
our people must go through a terrible ordeal, if
they fail to maintain theunion of the States there
is no future for us but bankruptcy and anarchy,
until, after years of suffering, some subsequent
generation may build up wisely, as our fathers
did, another Union, and, profiting by our misfor-
tunes and follies, provide against the causes by
which the old Union shall have been destroyed.
To secure any chance of preserving our present
Government and of restoring the union of the
States under the Constitution, I believe that we
must have armies,-not to exterminate, not to sub-
jugate, not to desolate needlessly, but to make
the Constitution and laws of the Union to be re-
spected and submitted to. When this is done, I
am one of those who are willing to say that we
are ready to do everything which generosity and
fraternal feelings could suggest toward the peo-
ple now in rebellion, but with whom we hope to
live peacefully under the same Government, sit-
ting together at the same council-table. This I
believe to be the sentiment of the mass of the
Democratic party.
Sir, I have said, and I repeat it, that there are
extremists whose influence has been felt and is felt
in the policy of this Administration, nay, who
control it, and which policy if persisted in will,
in my deliberate judgment, destroy all hope of
restoring the Union. It is to be regretted that
there are extreme men on each side of this House,
and it is with earnestness, but with respect and
kindness, that I appeal to reasonable men on both
sides of the House to act with moderation; to
adopt needlessly no harsh or extreme measure.
Unlike my colleague from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] I tako an interest in the law pro-
posed to be enacted. I desire that it shall riot
be made needlessly oppressive; .that it shall not
be made more harsh or unbearable than is ne-
cessary. I hope that the reasonable men in this
House will not permit extreme men on one side
or the other to control the action of the House.
Do you believe these measures of confiscation,
of extermination, these bloody resolves, and these
harsh statutes which have been proposed, and
some of which have been passed, can be enforced?
Would we enforce them if we could? Do you
not know that these measures and the wasting of
the time of the national Legislature in discussing
them tends to prevent the restoration of this
Union and the bringing of these people back
again to live under a common Government? Do
they tend at all to preserve this Government?
They do not. Since we met seven months ago
the hearts of many of the true patriots of the
land have grown sad from what has occurred
here. One of your'own party, a zealou3 party"
man, said to me on a recent occasion, when I
visited my home, that with the dead and wounded
lying around us in Washington, twenty or thirty
thousand, how men could spend time here argu-
ing about amending the Constitution, about repeal-
ing dead laws and statutes, excited his wonder
and indignation; that it appeared to him that
those intrusted with administering the Govern-
ment occupied themselves with everything else
than that which would do good to the cause
of the Union, with measures which might do
evil, might disturb and distract the North, which
could not do good at this time, and that his heart
failed him when he saw there was so strong a
disposition to attend to everything else than the
putting down of this rebellion and the restora-
tion of peace.
1 put it to every man's judgment, does he think
that these measures do good ? Sir, when this war
broke out our people m the North were united.
Why ? Because it was said and believed through-
out the land that it was not to be a war on our
part of subjugation, that it was not to be a war of
extermination, that it waa not a war to compel
the States to regulate their local affairs different
from what they wanted themselves, but that it
was a war for the defense of the Constitution and
for maintaining the just authority of the Govern-
ment under it. At that time, when the President
called for seventy-five thousand men, more than
one hundred and fifty thousand stepped forth.
Again, in 1861 when he called for three hundred
thousand men a response came at once from the
people to more than the number asked. So it
was in 1862. What does this prove? That we
do not require harsh and coercive laws. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] said in
reference to raising men, that the Government
should be able to lay its royal hand upon every
man. Thank God we have no such Government
in this country. We have no Government that
can lay its royal hand upon the people. We have
the Government of law, and every man should
submit to the law.
When the war was prosecuted for the purposes
and object I have alluded to, the people stepped
forward freely. There was no want of soldiers.
Do gentlemen believe that now we will not get
men unless by a harshly coercive draft? 1 pre-
fer reasonable laws. A ppeal to the people to put
down resistance to their own Government, a
Government which they themselves have estab-
lished, and which if maintained they are to main-
tain. I prefer to do that instead of making a
law by which we command them as though they
were our servants to step forth to the battle-field
and fight our battles instead of their own.
I trust gentlemen will judge what should be the
law from experience. In the State of New York
we have raised and put into the field up to the 31st
of December last, two hundred and sixty-three
thousand and eighty-nine three years' men, and
twen ty-nine thousand militia, which were marched
out for a short time. All the calls down to and
including those of July and August, lg63, were
filled up. In the spring of 1863, as stated by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallort,] the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
Mr. Wilson, of Massachusetts, declared that we
must put a stop to recruiting; that the volunteer-
ing system gave us more men than we wanted.
They afterwards passed the conscription act, and
what is the result? In New York we raised two
•hundred and seventy thousand three years' men
by the volunteering system, without expense to
the Government, and then with the conscription
act, and an army of office-holders, and three
months of effort in 1863 raised only nine thou-
sand one hundred and seventy-six drafted men
and substitutes. Does not this show we ought
to make reasonable laws and appeal to the peo-
ple to sustain their own Government?
I understand some insist that they would rath-
er that the Union should be dissevered than that
slavery should not be abolished. If the people
of the North are to believe that this is not a war
for the Union under the Constitution, not a war
to put down the rebellion, but to carry out a moral
idea in reference to the institutions of the States,
you will need coercive laws indeed, and then you
will not get soldiers. The people of the North
will fight to maintain the Union made by the men
of the Revolution, but they will not wage warto
impose their views as to local institutions on the
people of any one of the States.
Mr. Speaker, I will detain the House but for a
few minutes longer 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yielded to
the gentleman, supposing that he wanted the floor
for a few minutes only.
Mr. KERNAN. Still, my friend would not
expect me to define my position on the one side
and not on the other. In my judgment we should
leave the commutation clause as it is, and we
should call upon the people, not in the spirit of
coercion and power which is talked about so
much, but in language like this: " This is your
Government, and if defended and maintained you
have got to do it; we have passed a law by which-
men are to be raised, and a portion of you are
required to enter the service or find substitutes."
Address the people in this spirit and you will
find them in every town raising their quota and
putting them into the field. But unduly stringent
laws will not accomplish the object.
Mr. Speaker, I have been by various Demo-
crats requested to say—and I believe it is true—
that the suggestions i have made express the gen-
eral views of most of the Democratic members of
this House. We are in favor of putting down
this rebellion and restoring the authority of the
Constitution, and we are in favor of using all
the force necessary to do it, superadding to force
at all times conciliation. We arc against waging
a vindictive and exterminating war against any
portion of our people. We would carry on this
war which is forced upon us in the spirit in which
a father would chastise and restrain a son to pre-
vent him from accomplishing any wicked purpose
toward the peace and integrity of the household,
and who, after having made him desistandobey,
would invite him again to become a member of
a united and happy family with all his rights and
privileges. While we would act in this spirit to-
ward the mass of the people, we would punish
the guilty leaders in this rebellion for their trea-
son according to laws which they have wickedly
violated.
Mr. Speaker, the Democratic conservative
party is in favor of peace, but it is a peace based
upon the union of tne States under the Constitu-
tion, notpurchased by and based upon disunion.
Such a peace would be obtained by ignoring the
teachings of its founders, and all the traditions,
instincts, and affections of those who constitute
that party. The Democratic party has been ever
faithful to theUnion and opposed to secession
and all theisms and agitations which endangered
the perpetuity of that Union. In 1880 and 1861,
when the dangerof disunion wasimminent, when
men of extreme views North and South seemed
to cooperate to produce it, the Democratic party
and the conservative men of other parties who to-
day act with the Democracy, strove to maintain
peace and preserve the Union, to avert the civil
war which now exists. And, sir, if that party
shall again be intrusted with the administration
of the Government they will strive to restore the
Union, and I hope with success. They will ex-
ert the physical power of the Government and
all the'moral power of right, justice, and concili-
ation to restore and perpetuate union and peace.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question upon the bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish it understood that
if the previous question is voted down as now
