286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
portion of this stock on hand has passed through
from five to ten hands in the course of theinciease
of price at the present time.
But, leaving all other matters aside, I call the
attention of the House back to the main point that
if the proposition of the gentleman from New
York is adopted it will be utterly impracticable
to carry it into effect without an army of inspect-
ors, a sort of smelling committee to go loundinto
every man's premises to ascertain whether he has
or has not liquor on hand. I will nottake up the
time of the House further with the matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,called*for tell-
ers upon Mr. Wood's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pendleton
and Washburne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The question was talien •, and the tellets repoi ted
—ayes 65, noes 30.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the word
" sixty," and to insert in lieu thereof the word
"forty," so as to impose a tax of forty cents pet-
gallon instead of sixty cents. This amendment
will not be in conflict with the amendment which
has been adopted, applying the tax to the accumu-
lated stock of manufactured spiiits on hand, and
which will render a larger tax than forty cents
per gallon unnecessary.
I trust that gentlemen will consider the opera-
tion of this section upon a particular section of
country. Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are the great
corn-growing States, and are the most affected by
this tax. It will not affect materially the heavy
capitalists, but it will most oppressively affect the
small distillers—parties with small capital.
1 warn gentlemen that if they insist upon rais-
ing the tax upon spirits to sixty cents per gallon
they will decrease instead of increase the amount
of revenue to be collected. If they do not, they
will ruinously affect the corn-growing interest.
The argument that a tax in Gi eat liritain of $2 50
per gallon is imposed on spirits is no argument
at all. The system of taxation in Great Britain
does not in any sense correspond with our system.
They have ihe advantage ufau expanded colonial
system and the immense system of commerce
springing out of it to meet in multiplied form the
home tax imposed upon their people. So much
of their manufactuied spirits as is used for other
manufucturingpurposes in the form of methylated
spirits bears no tax whatever. One half of the
spirits manufactured in that or this country would
be so applied, so that the tax in that country is
imposed only on a part of the spirits manufac-
tured. But the people of Great Ih'itain ai e taxed
to the last extremity to pay the intereston a debt
of $3,500,000,000. We certainly have not so soon
reached a condition that, gentlemen must go to
(iieai Britain with her over-burdened population
foi piecedentsin taxalion. The tax upon spints
should correspond with the tax upon other arti-
cles. jt should not be beyond forty cents. This
is double rhe former tax. But the hill proposes
an increase of two hundred per cent, on the for-
mer tax.
I speak, Mr. Chairman, for the interests di-
rectly involved. My own distnct is as largely
inteiestcd in this as any other distnct represented
upon this flooi, and i say, without hesitation,
that to impose a duty of sixty cents must mate-
rially affect the inteu-xts of my constituents and
will impose on the Northwest burdens which
are not equally borne oyihe East. Ifgentlemen
who repiesenf the manufacturing districts of the
country, such as the manufacture of cotton and
woolen fabne.s, and the manufacturers of iron—if
they are willing to mn the risk by the imposition
of a corresponding duty on those commodities
there would be some show of fairness. But will
such be the case? 1 tell gentlemen if they intend
to increase the tax two hundred percent, on man-
ufactured spirits we shall expect to* see a cor-
responding increase of tax imposed upon other
manufacturing interests. If the manufactuie of
the Northwest is to be taxed so heavily, a eoi-
icspondin^ rate of increase must be imposed on
the manufactures of New England and Pennsyl-
vania. Oi will gentlemen tax us withoutlinutfor
tin* benefit of then own section15
M r Chairman, 1 know something of these dis-
til 11   • ;>!.(' of 11.fp >-'i)fini"ii:s. TV hen we levied
a i. ■ i!i i1' > c\ i!*on ihi'ui tin y i nid it without
complaint. They are an enterprising and patri-
otic body of men. I am assured by the most in-
telligent of this class of citizens—and they em-
brace some of our most intelligent and successful
business men—that if you increase the duty be-
yond forty cents a l«ge number of distilleries in
the Northwest mustoe suspended. 1 know that
that will be the case in many instances. You will
dnvemen intopursuits not so unreasonably taxed.
My own district has paid during the current year
$700,000 of tax on manufactured spirits, a larger
duty than has been paid, I think, by any other
congressional district on this particular article of
taxation.
I hope that gentlemen will discriminate between
the condition of this and foreign countries where
it is alleged that an increase of tax has increased
production and revenue. You cannot by taxation
stimulate industry. I hope that they will not cre-
ate difficulty and jealousies by imposing this
heavy tax on an articlc of western industry by
an unjust discrimination. Let them not put an
additional tax upon the manufacture of spirits
without at least a corresponding increase of tax-
ation on the taxable products of other sections.
I protest against what I believe is intended to be
a discrimination against one section of the coun-
try by increasing the tax threefold without a cor-
responding increase upon the burdens of other
sections.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Chairman, 1 suppose that
wo should consider this in a common-sense view,
as we do all other questions. I am disposed to
assail the idea that it is within the constitutional
power of this body to legislate for the correction
of morals and practices in the States. Laws bear-
ing upon that subject are within the province of
the State Legislatures. I therefore do not think
that temperance speeches are properly delivered
in this linil. if, however, they are to be deliv-
eied, we might have evening service for such pui-
poses as those for which the Hall was used by a
lady not long since.
I will use tlie remaining portion of my five min-
utes in talking on the question. The proposition
is to levy upon distillersof spirits, such as are oi-
d manly manufactured in the States,atax of about
three tunes the value of the article. Whisky
would not be worth in the market, as it comes
from the distillers, more than twenty-five cents per
gallon. You piopose a tax of sixty cents per gal-
lon. I know that when the tax of twenty cents
was proposed, several distillers of my distiict
closed theii distilleries because they could not bear
the burden, but they recuperated, however, by
time and circumstances and recommenced manu-
factiuing. I say to the House that in all that re-
gion of country—and I may be expected to know
something about whisky, according to the idea
of the other side, being a Democrat—the tax here
proposed will destroy all reasonable prospects of
obtaining icveuue, by closing up the distilleries.
Mr. KASSON. I could not hear distinctly the
remaiksof the gentleman from Ohio, but J gather
their purport to be that by this tax you will em-
barrass or destroy the production of this article,
that you will render the price so disproportionate
to the value of the article as to operate injustice
in that way.
Speaking to those, I u ush to say we have evi-
dence that the price of the article is now neces-
sarily and permanently different from the price of
the aiticle at the coniniencementof the system of
taxation. It is now neaily a dollar a gallon. The
extraordinary production shows that the imposi-
tion of the tax heretofore has in no degree retarded
its production, or, as far as I know, retaided its
consumption.
What is the tax when you come to estimate in
detail? The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Love-
joy] is well aware that the puce per dunk is ten
cents.
Mr. LOYE.TOY. Six cents in my country.
Mi. KASSON. At the value of live cents per
drink the yield of a gallon of whisky is estimated,
in the papeis I have examined, to be between six
and seven dollais, when it actually leaches the
consumer in the ordinary way. You have here
a very large margin of profits; enough to show
that this charge of three and one third mills per
drink proposed to be imposed is very moderate, jj
Upoii the subject of consumption, gentlemen J
well know ihattiu: temptation 'o consumption in
this ounti y i* idem tea1 with that in England. In I'
England they divide wines into beverages and
methylenesnirits, which latter are used for man-
ufacturing purposes. That whi# is methylene
is not the subject of a tax. That used for bev-
erages is subject to a tax varying in amount, and
generally incieasing. In examining the statistics
I find under a rate of tax which I believe to be
about seven shillings and sixpence in 1830—I
have not been able to find the rate in 1842—the
revenue in the United Kingdom was <£5,000,000
sterling. In 1861, under a tax of ten shillings
per gallon, or about two and a half dollars, the
yield was <£9,000,000 and upward. Under the
same tax in -1862 the yield was ^£9,600,000.
I state these facts to show—the conditions of
consumption being the same in both countries—
that the imposition of the highest tax does not
embarrass or even restrict the consumption of the
article. And it shows that the amount of tax
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means
is exceedingly moderate, and will affect nobody
except the man who gets the last profit before it
reaches the consumer.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by leducing the amount one cent. 1 offer
the amendment for the purpose of enabling me to
say a single word m regard to the great question
before the committee—that of revenue. The ob-
ject of this bill is an increase of the revenue. With
very great deference to those gentlemen of the
WaysandMcans who have investigated thissub-
jeet, I am advised by those who ought to know,
that the rate reported by that committee is so high
that it will drive large numbers of those now en-
gaged in the business out of it; and that instead
of increasing the revenue from that source it will
entirely, or to a veiy considerable extent, de-
stroy it.
It is with a view to get before the committee
the statenientof those largely engaged in the man-
ufacture of spirits that 1 have risen, and I will
ask that the statement upon that subject which I
have sent to the Clerk's desk be lead, simply
saying that it comes from gentlemen of experience,
and whose character for truth I am willing to in-
dorse.
The statement was read, as follows:
The undersigned, distilleis of the city of Chicago, would
re-'pectlully present to the committee 6n revenue the fol-
lowing iacts in lcl.ttion to tilt; di&tillation of Injjh-w lues :
in 1 he cuv of Chicago theie aie l'oui distilleries^ which
in the aggiegate consume daily seven thousand two bun-
dled attd fifty bushels of giam, ol a quality mostly until tor
any other use, piodueing theicfrom about thiity thousand
gallons of high-wines. In the sheds ol the said distillenes
theie are at present seven thousand head of cattle m a half
fattened condition. The question presented in the com-
mittee is, simply, how to denvo the greatest amount of
revenue from the high-wine*? with the least burden to the
marmiactmeiss, and we propose to pie>ent some data to en-
able the committee to ainvo at a piopor solution of the
question.
We think that icveuue, to be pioductive, should be iiiad
uaicd in Mich a manner that (he largest amount can be
laised upon given ai tides, and the manutaetuiei still bo able
to eontuitietheii pioduction. So m>oii a a the amount onhe
excise levied upon any article, coupled with the cost of
it-= manuiaeture, exceeds it-, puee m the maiket, then the
mamstauuHi must stop pjoduemg. This conclusion is
inevitable, since no person in lussobei senses will continue
to Miik his capital merely foi the patriotic pin pose of pa\ nig
levi nue ;o the Goveianient
To illustrate the aigumeni : let, ti* take adistillerv running
one thousand bushels of giain and making four thousand
gallons of high-wines per day ; such a one now pavstothe
Government a daily excise of ,*S00. When this was first
hud, so heavily did it piess upon manufactuier* of high-
wines that some were compelled to mn their distilleues
lor alcohol tor a peuod of six month*, lor foreign oxpoita-
tion, befoie the tiade of the country became a^umlated to
even the compaiative low excise ot twenty cents upon the
gallon, and enabled them to manufactuie high-wines for
home consumption. Judging lioni this tact, wo are m the
opinion that if the high excise of between sixty cents and
one dollar be laid upon high-wines it will n-sult in ->huttm 
up eveiy di^tilleiy m out city, so fooo a-^, by the manu-
factuie ot alcohol, they ean got then half-fattened beeves
out or their bam-? without total loss. On the eoritiary
should a tax of forty cents be laid bj fin- Government, it
will enable the manufacturer to contmu" his business, and
not close his. distiileiy.
We d-'k the committee whether they will tecommend a
high excise, thus elosms oui diMillcue* ami cutting off the
revenue to the Government, or will place the excise at such
a figure as will enable us to confmiie our business and pay
a huge icveuue to the Government.
We aie willing to pay all our manufacture will stand,
and to do our best, in common with our tellow-cuizons, to
bear the buideu? o; the Government; but we stiomiiy pio-
te - t agan.st a U\uti<>n < p jeilie in u  ehaiaetei and ininous
in its ie-ulH lo n<.
\\ '! add the loll owing gui' s to «how how much ie venue
