1864.
the Congressional globe.
28r;
is now paid by our disMieis in Chicago, and what is pio-
po^ed tor idem to j-wy :
Thoic are daily manufactured in the city thirty thousand
gallon:-. which, at twenty cents per gallon", produce* a rev-
enue of rifj.ODO. equal to the yearly sum oi gl.SUO.OOO.
Now it a tax of forty cents per gallon be laid, it will most
piobably be paid by distillers, and the Government will de-
rive iiom our city alone the enormous sum oi' $3,600,000.
Aie the committee prepaied by high excise to picvent this
sum from going into the Treasury of the Government?
J. II. WICKER & CO.
SAMUEL M. MCKEUSON & CO.
N. If. CROSBY.
THE CHICAGO DISTILLING COMPANY,
Pfci L. O. ELLSWORTH, Treasurer.
Mr. ARNOLD withdrew his amendmentto the
amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Holmant, to
strike out " sixty," line ten,and insert " forty,"
was not. agreed to.
Mi. "BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to in-
set t after the word u on," in line twelve of the
first section of the bill, the words " the interest of
all parties m default inso that it will read:
That fiom and aftci the passage of this act, in he,u of the
dmy piouded for m section foity-one of an act entitled
k,An ai*t to support the Government, and to pay interest on
tb.' public debt," iippioved July 1, 1862, and in addition
to duties payable for licenses, there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid onallspntts that may be distilled and sold,
or Hi moved for consumption and sale, of flitJt proof, the duty
of Mxt> centd on each and every gallon ; and said duty --hail
be a lien and chaige on such spirits and aNo on the inter-
est of ail paitie.; in default m the distillery used for dis-
tilling the same, with all the stills; &e.
My amendment, instead of forfeiting the rights
of parties who may not be involved, merely for-
feits the lights of those who ought to have paid
the tax.
Let me suppose a case for the. purpose of illus-
trating the object of my amendment. Suppose a
man has a piece of ground or a building which,
Without his consent, is used for the purpose of a
distillery, and then by collusion between the per-
son who leases itand thepublic ofiiceis there may
be a laige amount in arreais to the Government
for larpiors there distilled. By this provision the
inteiest of the innocent owner of the premises is
rendered liable for this default. We have be-
eome so accustomed to adopt the doctrine of for-
fi-it.ii e within the last year or two. that after a
while I think it will be scarcely possible for any
pei son to hold a piece of land and be secure, that
at some time or other it will not, by some quibble
of law, be forfeited to the Government. 1 think
we should be just in this respect, and that only
the rights of the parties in default should be for-
feited.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move to insert in line fifteen,
section one, after the wo id " paid," these words:
And all whi-ky and all other - pint- on hrmi;) c tified or
mixed vwtlt an\ othei -pu ,t oi tluul wh.uevt'i. o> into which
any mathn whati^ei may be intu-ed ami '<> be s-old as
Wiu;-k\, biaiuh, iiiiii.iiii. wtne. in by am oi iei name, and
nut oiheiw w piuvid<dtoi b\ tin-, art oi the act tow Inch
it if ann-nd.uoty, shall pay tweni\ i  .n«- pe. gallon.
i oiler this amendment, Mr. Chairman, boniu.<e
I believe the Committee of Ways and Mearifj have
oveilooked a veiy important feature in tax in,2:
spiuts. J come fiom a region of country that has
been noted for making pure old Bouibon whisky,
and especially the county from which 1 hail. In
old times, when we had no railroads, but only
turnpikes, upon which to transput t oui prod-
uce, our funneis £>ot into the habit of distilling
whisky, and the mode of doing it was in the old-
fashioned way, by coppei stills. Nearly every
fatmer who could not dispose of hisgiam bought
one or two cop pel stills and made ins whole crop
of ojoin into whisky; and from the fact that it
was made purely tiom giain, without any foreign
ingicdionts, it uequned a name and reputation all
over the counti y as " Old BourbonStili later,
since the adaptation of steam and the progress of
Yankee ingenuity, we have been enabled to nmnu-
factute out of a single bushel of giain twice the
quantity that used to he made under the old sys-
tem. Under the old system two gallons or two
gallons and a half was a fair average to be made
fi om a single bushel of grain, but under this other
mode of distillation, and by the addition of other
and foreign mateiials, they have been able to make
four and five gallons out of a bushel, and men of
wealth and men of capital, companies and corpo-
rations, have been in the habit of buvmg up the
pure whisky made in the mode I have descubed,
and rectifying it—not purifying it, which is the
generally understood meaning of the word " 10c-
tifying," but adulterating it, and by this adulter-
ation they make out of one barrel of the pure
whisky three or four barrels. Men engaged in
this business hava made immense fortunes, have
become millionaiS^s, and been enabled to build
marble palaces. I see no reason why these men
should be exempt from taxation, or should only
have to pay the duly on one gallon of pure whis-
ky, out of which they make three or four gallons
of the adulterated. In this process of adulteration
arsenic and strychnine are employed. It has been
ascertained by chemical analysis that a single
gallon t>f whisky thus rectified contains poison
enough to kill any man in this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MALLORY. Does my colleague intend
by his amendment to decrease the tax imposed
by this bill upon whisky of that kind? That
seems to be the effect of his amendment, although
I do not think he aims at that.
Mr. CLAY. This is intended to be an addi-
tional tax*. I modify my amendment by adding
to it the words "as an additional tax."
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STILES. I move that the committee do
now lise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend by reducing
the tax from sixty cents to fifty cents per gallon.
The Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe
Union has just adopted an amendment imposing
an additional tax of twenty cents on rectified spir-
its. I piesume itis well understoodthat thataddi-
tional tax is imposed for the benefit ofthe Bourbon-
whisky hiUm est of Kentucky. That interest is not
injuiiously affected but actually benefited by the
imposition of this additional duty, but the interest
of distillers geneially is injun d by it. It isa pro-
vision exclusively in favor of the Bouibon-whisky
interest. A simihu provision was pressed on the
last Congress. H was adopted by this House, and
was afterwards modified and adopted by the Sen-
ate, but finally it was rejected as being legislation
in favor ofa particular interest, and impracticable
as a tevenue measure.
I wish to say a word in favor of my proposition
to strike out sixty cents and insert fifty cents. I
do not propose it because lam in favor of sohi«h
a tax. 1 am satisfied that gentlemen are acting
without sufficient regard to the interests of the
western section of the country. Jf we impose on
manufactured spit its this duty of sixty cents per
gallon, and the additional duty of twenty cents on
rectified whisky, my honest conviction is that, in-
stead of the levenue from that source being in-
creased, it is more likely in progress of time to
be hugely diminished. 1 do not believe that any
gentleman famtbai with the subject would be will-
ing to incur the usk of imposing this high duty.-
I believe it will materially injui e the prosperity of
the western section. 1 believe thata duty of thirty
cents pei gallon would be large enough. 1 believe
that would be a laiger increase in comparison than
will be put upon other taxable products of the
country. But, m any event, it seems to me that
the ft lends of revenue and the friends of the pio-
ducing interests of the Northwest should fiimly
piotest against this extraordinary discrimination
—this tax of sixty cents a gallon on whisky,
the average value of which was not more than
seventeen cents agallon prior to this war. I think
that that is one of the most remaiknble instances
of an effort to force a particular interest to bear
umeasonable burdens that has ever received the
sober consideration of any legislative body. I
speak for the West when 1 say that this tax is
unreasonable.
[1 lere the hammer fell.]
Mi. COFFROTH. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by imposing a tax of twenty cents per gal-
Ion on all pure native rye whisky madp in copper
stills.
The CHAIRMAN, The* amendment is not
germane to the umendment offered by the gentle-
man fiom Indiana, and is not in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I propose the following
amendment to the amendment:
./2nd provided fd)ihri, That all stocks* of liquor contem-
plated in this bili, in the hand.- of an\ one for consumption,
\\ hether m demijohn;-, boiilc*. ki'g-. , half bands, 01 barrels,
bhull pay th«  tax. imposed by this bill.
; | The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
;| Thequestion recurred on theamendmentoffcred
11 by Mr. Holman, and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by reducing the duty to forty-nine cents.
It strikes me that the disposition of certain gen-
tlemen of this House to discriminate against the
whisky interest can be accounted for on no other
theory than that of the gentleman from Ohio, who
remaiked the other day that this Government
stood on the verge of bankruptcy. I agree with
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that this is not the time or
place to attempt any sumptuary legislation. And
I defy gentlemen to show any good reason why
the article of whisky should be singled out and
taxed to an amount that is treble its value. I hold
in my hand a letter from one of my constituents
on this subject, which I must confess is better
than any speech I can make upon it, or that I
have heard made on this floor. 1 ask the Clerk
to read it as part of my remarks.
The letter was read, as follows:
IIarrisburg, January 14, 1864.
My Dear Sir: Yesterday's World contains a supple-
mentary law, reported by the Committee of Wny-s and
Means8, taxing whisky sixty cents from and alter the 12tli
instant. This i< the niobt infamous kind of legislation which
can be imagined. It is worse than highway lobbery. For
although the highway robbei spinigoUpon Ins victim fiom his
luikmg-plaeeas unexpectedly as this law was sprung upon
the public, yet he only rob* the luckless wnyfaier oi what
he has in his pocket; wheieastlus law lobsusof wh.it we
bad beloro the promulgation of a proposed law reached us?
to wit: we requested the inspector on the 10th instant to
call at om dhulleiy to inspect one hundred and filtybnirels
of w hiaky. Fie came on the 13th and inspected it. We had
j-old it on the 12th at ninety-five cents, to be delivered at
Hat 1 n-bmg. 13 y this tiansaetion we had expected to make a
hand-ome'piofit. But the Committee of Ways and Means
ptopo-?es a 1 c tto-=pective law, which, if carried, not only
depuve? uk ot our profit, but exposes us to an actual loss of
at loa-t JjOOU. Such a law as this is no better in practice
than an tv post fuUo law.
If thW bill passes m its present shape it will break up
many hone.st m.iuuiactureis who have carried on then busi-
ness under the impictsion that they would be protected
by then own Government.
* Ah long as tins bill shall be pending what safety will theie
be. in manufaituiing, what safety in Belling, what safety
in buying? The nio^t piudent man will be thrown against
his will upon the wild sea of speculation, and see himself
exposed to niter ruin thiuugh encumstanees entiiely be-
jond hi-* contiol.
3t' Coniru must i.ti'-e jevenue, let them do it prospect-
ively, so that tune may be given to all parties concerned to
mert the requirements ot the law without utter destruction
to them elve* .
Let the sjxty-cent tax take effect from and after the pas-
sage of the law, or Jroin the 1st of April, or fiom any petiod
which will enable the innuufactuieis to wind up their busi-
ness with some chance ot safety.
1 can sfaicely believe that Congiess will pass this ea?
foft facto law; and >et Mich is the pie^cnt state of uncer-
tainty that I mm} nothing but loss staimg me in the face.
Hon. Wm. II. Miller, Washington.
Mr STEVENS. I oppose the amendment. If
my colleague had moved to make the law prospect-
ive then bis speech or the letter which he had read
would apply to it. 1 agree most cordially with
the general principles contained in that letter. I
look upon the legislation to which he has referred
as pretty well characterized by that letter. But
the bill as reported from the Committee of Ways
and Means did not make the tax retrospective.
That feature of it conies from the gentleman from
New Yoik, [Mr. F/:rvaki>o Wood,] and I wish
my colleague to understand that.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
had, aecoidmg to oider, had under consideration
the slate of the Union gcneraily,and particularly
bill of the House No. 122, to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes; and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall resume the consideration of this bill, ail
further debate on the first section shall cease in
one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole* on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox
