im4s
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOKi
a saving of nearly live thousand dollars over and
above the salary of the superintendent (luring the
course of the year, if he is as successful for the
next six months as he has been for the last six
months.
_ This superintendent, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior informs us, is a skillful architect. I will give
in brief what the Secretary says on that subject
in a communication to the committee. He says
that to the end of securing economy and dispatch
in the work, he appointed Captain West chief
clerk, and afterwards appointed him superintend-
ent and disbursing agent. He says lie appointed
him because he was an architect acquainted with
the details of the work. Captain Westhad been
before this employed in some subordinate posi-
tion, perhaps under the architect, Mr. Walter,
upon the work; and so the Secretary says he was
acquainted with the details of the work. He says,
further, that he was a scholar, poss.essed of supe-
rior clerical ability; and, withal, a man of the
strictest integrity and of more than ordinary ca-
pacity. He had been recommended at the incom-
ing; of this Administration by many Senators and
Representatives for the office of Commissioner of
Public Buildings. He had been employed before
this in the Army as quartermaster, and always
gave satisfaction in that position, and was hon-
orably mentioned in public orders by his supe-
riors.
This is the person appointed by the Secretary
of the Interior superintendent of the work; an
architect, a man skilled as a clerk, familiar with
the details of the work. Under his administra-
tion moie work has been done, and there has been
a large saving to the Government; and yet, be-
cause he was appointed superintendent, the chair-
man of the comftiittee insists that the work ought
to be taken away from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. Has the Senator said to the Senate that
this work has cost more than it ought to cost?
He has not said so. Has he said that this su-
perintendent has not shown himself competent
for the place? He has not said so. Has there
been any question of his integrity? No such
question has been raised. Here is a skillful ar-
chitect appointed to superintend the work, who
saves money to the Government, and secures more
work at the end of six months than for the six
months previous; and yet it is asked that for that
appointment this work shall be taken away from
the Secretary of the Interior !
I wish to call the attention of the Senate also
to the fact that the appointment of Captain West
was not as superintendent of the work alone, but
as disbursing agent of the work upon the Capitol
and also upon the aqueduct, and that he gave bond
in §40,000 as disbursing a^ent of the work on the
Capitol, and $30,000 as disbursing agent for the
work on the aqueduct.
Mr. FOOT. Let me suggest to the Senator
that the appointment of disbursing agent for the
aqueduct is a separate and independent appoint-
ment, for which he receives an additional salary
of $500, making §3,000 for the superintendency
and disbursing agency of both works.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that his
entire salary is $2,500.
Mr. FOOT. His entire salary as superintend-
ent and disbursing agent of the work on the Cap-
itol extension is $2,500; but, in addition to that,
he receives $500 as disbursing agent of the aque-
duct.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is not the informa-
tion I have.
Mr. FOOT. I speak advisedly upon it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator is in-
formed on the subject, of course I shall not ques-
tion his statement. I had understood that the en-
tire salary was $2,500. Then his entire salary is
$,3,000, and he lias given bond to the amount of
$70,000. Is it questioned that a disbursing agent
may be appointed' Captain West is superintend-
ent of the work; he is also the disbursing agent,
and is his own chief clerk, as I understand. He
dispensed with the services of a chief clerk, which
services were required under the former adminis-
tration, and he discharges the duties appertaining
to that position, the duties appertaining to the po-
sition of superintendent of the work, and also of
disbursing agent.
It seems to me, then, when the Secretary of the
Interior has adopted a system of management of
this work which saves to the Government better
than $6,000 a year, and secures nearly $36,000
more work to be done, there is no argument
against the continuance of his control over the
work.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, this
question presents itself to me in this form: as
you have heard from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, the su-
perintendency of this Capitol extension was in
the War Department originally, and continued
there some eight years. ' At the end of that time
a law was passed, giving the superintendence of
the extension of the Capitol building to the'Sec-
retary of the Interior. This bill proposes to take
that superihtendency from the Secretary of the
Interior and give it to the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings. What are the reasons assigned for
that change? What is the evil sought to bo rem-
edied by the passage of a new law? Has there
been any maladministration in the superintend-
ency of the Secretary of the Interior? Therar-
gument is, that in point of economy it would be
better to change the superintendence, because the
Secretary of the Interior has appointed a super-
intendent of the work at a salary of $2,500, and
because, forsooth, there is no law for such ail ap-
pointment.
These are the whole grounds urged for the
change of this superintendency. . The papers on
file with the committee, which I hold in my hand,
show that the administration of the Secretary of
the Intelior has saved at the rate of nearly eight
thousand dollars a year over the superintendence
heretofore. The work has been done more eco-
nomically. No one says it has not been done as
well. But the argument is, that we should change
the law on account of the appointment of this
superintendent.
Now, let me direct the attention of the Senate
to one fact: why was this superintendent ap-
pointed, and at whose instance? Was it upon the
motion of the Secretary of the' Interior that the
superintendent with a salary of §2,500 was ap-
pointed? Not a word of it. He was appointed
under the recommendation of Mr. Walter, the
architect, and under the representation and request
of Mr. French, Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds, the very men into whose hands you
propose to place this extension. There is the
letter on file in the office of the Secretary qf the
Interior, signed by Mr. French and Mr. Walter,
urging the appointment of a superintendent, and
stating that it was absolutely nccessary some
eighteen months ago to make the appointment.
When Mr. Smith went out of office as Secre-
tary of the Interior that letter was found on tile.
Mr. Usher found it, and upon examination saw
that he could save money to the Government by
appointing this superintendent at the request of
Mr. Walter, and Mr. French Himself, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds. If,
therefore, there is any wrong in this appoint-
ment it did not originate in the. interior Depart-
ment, but was under the request of Mr. Walter,
and Mr. French, the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, the person—and I doubt not a very
competent and honest and able officer—into whose
hands you now propose to devolve this trust.
Why should we makcti change, then, on grounds
of economy, when i hold m my hand the report
of the Secretary, showing the facts to be a dimi-
nution of the expense amounting to some seven
thousand dollars per annum, andmore work done
than ever was done before?
This bill proposes, in addition, to authorize the
Commissioner of Public Buildings to make his
report, not to a Department of the Government, to
be revised by the head of one of the Departments,
but to make his report directly to the President
of the United States,and to draw his requisitions
directly upon the Treasury of the United States
without any supervision either by the War De-
partment or by the Department of the Interior.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the dutyof the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I have no objection
to that; but I wish before I close to read the re-
port of the Secretary of the Interior, showing that
there is no pretense for this change growing either
out of maladministration or economy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remarks to allow the reception of a
message from the House of Heprgsenttuiyes.
DEATH 05 II0N. OWEN LOVEJOY. ;
The following message wasireceived from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. McPhersos,
its,Clerk: , , ,
Mr. President : I am diieeted to coimiuinioalo to ilie
Senate infoimatioii of ,tlie death of Hon, owjek JUq.vejoi,
late a member of the House of Representatives from 'the
State of Illinois, and the resolutions adopted bVtiieHtAiaie
thereqpon. v - • " 1 , ?
The VICE-PRESIDENT* The resohitkmis
Will be read.
The Secretary read them, as followa; ' -,'T
lit tee House or Repressntattvbs,
• • ' Match 28.1864;
. On motion of Mr. E. 8. WxsHBORstq <?1
Resolved, That this House has. heard with profound sor-
row the announcement, of the death of Hon^ Owzw liOv*-
joy, a member of this Howe from the fifth congressional
district of the State of Illinois,
Resolved, Thar this House tenders to the widow aud rel-
atives of the deceased the oppression of its deep sympathy
in this afflicting beieavvement. ?
Resolved, That (tie Cierk of this House communicate to
the widow of 'the deceased a copy oC these resolutions.
Resolved, That the Speaker appoint a committee of three
to escort the remains of the deceased to the piace desig-
nated by his friemf5 for hjs Interment.
Resolved, That as an additional mark of respect for tfte
memory of the deceased the members of this Honae1 toftl
wear the usual badge of mourning on the left arm for thirty
days. , , . t
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be commijnjp-
eated to the Seriate, and as a further mark' of respefct this
House do now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, this is tfig
third time death has entered the small circle q£
the congressional delegation from Illinois since |
have been a member of this body—Harris, Doug*
las, and Lovejoy, all in the prime of life and
vigor of manhood, have b<^n called'hence within
the last six years. They were all men of markj
and by their own efforts worked their, way tp
places of eminence and distinction, not only
Illinois bat in the nation. In many respects they
were not unlike: they all came to Illinois whep
mere youths, without means or other fortuitous
circumstances to aid them in entering on, the strug-
gles of life; they were all men of strong wills,
great resolution, and indomitable energy. ^
Hon. Owen Loyejoy, whose loss we are now
called upon to mourn, expired Friday nighf last^  
at the house of a friend in Brooklyn, New York,
in the presence of his wife and one .of his daugh-
ters, the only members of the family who wer^
with him. He had gone to Brooklyn some tw<?
weeks since in the vain hope of regaining his
health by escaping the anxieties and excitements
to which as a member of Congress he \yas here
exposed. He \yas naturally of a vigorous con-
stitution and possessed of great physical powe^i
A little more than a year ago, however, he was
attacked by an acute disease in this city, whio&
prostrated him for a long time and from whiba
lie neverentircly recovered. Soon after the com?
mencementof the present session of Congress h§
was again taken down, and was confined to his
bed most of the time for two months previous to
going to Brooklyn. He leaves surviving him a
widow, throe sons, and six daughters.
Mr. Lovejoy was a native of Maine, and fifty-
three years of age at the time of his death. The
first I remembei to have heard of him in Illinois
was in 1837, at the time his brother was killed by
a mob at Alton, in thatState. The circumstances
of that transaction have passed into history. Suf-
fice it here to say that his brother, in undertaking
to defend a religious press which he had estab*
lished in the interest of freedom, was wickedly
slam. That transaction, very possibly, had some,!-
thing to do m molding the future life of my de-
ceased colleague, who, at the time, stood by his
brother's side, and, as I have been told*, kneeling
over his body as his life's blood gushed out, vowed
eternal hostility to slavery. Not more faithfully
did Hannibal, the greatest captain of ancient
times, keep his youthful vow ofeternal hostility to
Rome, than did Owax Loyejoy his of eternal hos-
tility to slavery.
But there was this difference between the vows;
one was made in a spirit of vengeance against
2t rival nation in behalf of ambitious Carthage; the
other in a spirit of philanthropy for a-down-trod-
den race doomed to perpetual bondage. Nobly
did Mr. Loyejoy redeem his pledge. The first
knowledge we have of him in Illinois he was bat-
tling against slavery, and he, never ceased the strife
till his last earthly strupje was over. It was not
permitted him to witness the consummation of the
