1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2809
whatever on this point, because all the time I was
there this law was in operation, and I never had
an opportunity to see how we could have got
along without it. The law having been in opera-
tion for the last twenty-eight years, I can merely
say that there have not been charges of fraud in
'the Department to any great extent in relation to
contracts. Whether that has been the influence
of this publication is more than "I can say. I do
not know how that fact is. I do not know what
is the expense of t(ie publication, but I take it
now, with the present price of paper, it would be
more than it has heretofore been.
Mr. ANTHONY. - If only a few copies are
printed the price of paper does not enter so much
into it. Sometimes four or five thousand copies
of this document have been printed with the
(president's message, through inadvertence, I
suppose.  
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not at all tenacious
as to my view on this point. It may be that the
expense had better be saved by foregoing the
publication, and if we shall find hereafter that it
worksevilto omitit, we can readoptit. I merely
wanted to say that there i3 no experience under
the law which would enable a man in the Depart-
ment to speak of the effect of its repeal.
Mr. SUMNER. There must be considerable
expense in the publication, and also a good deal
of work. I doubt whetherwe oughttocontinue
it in this permanent statute, unless we see a good
reason for it; and what the Senator from Rhode
Island has remarked is with me almost decisive,
when he reminds us that in the War Department,
where the contracts are on a much larger scale,
there is no such publication. If such a publica-
tion is required in the Post Office Department, I
should say it must, for a sLronger reason, be re-
quired in the War Department; but nobody has
suggested it in the War Department, and I have
never heard any complaint because there was no
such publication in the War Department.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is one thing ffen-
tlemen must bear in mind about the Post Office
Department, which would incline the mind to go
in favor of repealing the law requiring the pub-
lication; and that is, the fact that the law requires
that all the bids shall be not only opened and
marked in the presence of the Postmaster Gen-
eral and an assistant, or by two Assistant Post-
masters Geneial, but that they shall be recorded
in a book. Ail the bids are recoided, and the
one accepted is cheeked upon the book, and that
book stands there for everybody to see. This is
a publication of the same thing.
Mr. HALE. I concur in the remarks that
have been made by the Senator from Vermont
in regard to the publication of the bids for naval
supplies, and'I should be very loth at the present
time to see the law requiring that publication re-
pealed. It is notorious that frauds have been
committed there, and I believe that it is a matter
of notoriety that several contractors are now in
prison for frauds that have been perpetrated on
the Navy Department. I think that the publica-
tion of this document, so far as the naval bids are
concerned, is eminently wise. It is ceitain thai
Vei'y great fiauds have been perpetrated by con-
tractors on this Department, the evidence of which,
I trust, before the session is over, will be laid be-
fore the Senate, and which have been brought to
light mainly by this publication. I think there
is a great deal of truth in the remark of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, that he does not know that
this publication prevents any frauds, but it is im-
possible to say what it would be without it. The
expense of the publication is not very large, and
it is of consequence not only that the laws should
be executed honestly, but that the people should
know that they are executed honestly, and I think
that the publication of these bids is a great safe-
guard to the public, and I think it is wise that
they should be published. As the expense is tii-
fting, I hope that, for the present at least, this
alteration of the law will not be made. 1 do not
know anything about the Indian department, and
am not prepared to say whether those bids should
be published; but to bring the matter before the
Senate I move to strike out the fifth section.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island whether he has any in-
formation Irom the Post Office Department in re-
gard to the operation of_ this publication. Does
that Department find it i'mpoituiit?
Mi'. ANTHONY. Neither Department thinks
it necessary, but the Secretaries are very reluctant
to advise the suppression of anything which isat
all calculated to expose fraud in their Departments.
There having been so much said about frauds in
naval contracts, the Navy Department would give
us advice on the subject, but the Post Office De-
partment thought the publication was useless.
Mr. SUMNER. I must say that lam content
to follow that testimony, for I regard it as in the
nature of testimony.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee oil Printing,
when they had this bill under consideration, paid
a good deal of attention to the clause which it is
now proposed to strike out, and after the best in-
formation they could get from the Departments
they thBught it was unnecessary to continue these
publications, and that to stop them would be a
great saving of expense. But as there are sug-
gestions that perhaps it would prevent fraud to
publish these bids, I, for one of the committee,
am rather disposed to vote to strike out the sec-
tion. Anything that will prevent fraud on the
Government at a small expense I think is proper.
The committee were of opinion, however, from
the information they got, that it would not to any
great extent prevent fraud, and to prevent the
printing would be a saving of expense to the
Government, and they were moved by that con-
sideration.
Mr. HALE. Let me make a statement of facts
which will govern me entirely. When this pub-
lication of the coiltiacts of the Navy Depaitmellt
came out, there was a house in Bostan who had
been concerned in naval contracts considerably
that assailed certain contractors in a pamphlet.
It was not nn attack upon the Navy Department,
as I understand it, but it was principally an attack
upon certain contractor, who, it was alleged,
had entered into a combination, and by means of
which very large frauds had been perpetrated
upon the Navy Department. For instance, it was
alleged—and 1 think the evidence upon the books
will show that it is not entirely without founda-
tion—that certain contractors, A, B, C, and D,
had entered into a combination to bid at certain
prices; and the lowest bid of A would be, we
will say, twice or three times the value of the ar-
ticle, and still he would be the lowest bidder, be-
cause three other parties would bid and they
would go a little higher than the lowest bidder,
and .the lowest bidder in some instances bid one
hundred per cent., and in some two hundred per
cent., higher than the maikut price,' and those
contiacts were executed.
This publication led to the institution of a com-
mittee of investigation in the Senate, who have
not yet completed their inquiries, and led to vari-
ous discussions and action upon the part of the
Navy Department; and the Navy Department,
without any knowledge of mine as to what evi-
dence they proceeded upon, have arrested and
now hold m prison seveial of the individuals that
are implicated in this publication. I presume
and have not the slightest doubt that the Navy
Department proceeded upon what was satisfac-
tory evidence, and in an earnest and honest de-
sire to further and aid the purity of the adminis-
tration of the law in this respect; but the fact that
these charges have been made, and that the evi-
dence of them is found in this publication at this
time, suggests to me that it is a very unfortunate
and unpropitious time to dispense with it. It
would give rise to unjust insinuations, to say the
least, because people would be apt to inquire, " If
through this publication these frauds have been
brought to light, and those contractors aie now in
prison forthem, why do you repeal the law which
gives the evidence by which these fiauds are
brought to light?"
It is for these reasons that I think it would be
unwise at the present time to repeal this law, so
far as the Navy Department is concerned.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am quite indiffeient, and
I' think I can speak for the committee, whether
this section is retained or not. l£ seemed to us
on the whole that the expense was useless, and
that there was no particular propriety in select-
ing these two Departments and one bureau for an
exposure that was not required of the others.
Either this section should be adopted or else the
contracts in the War Deportment should be ex-
posed and published itt Use same way. 1 do n&t
see any reason for selecting these from the others,
but still it is a matter that I care little about. ;
Mr. GRIMES. The reason why theip was a
distinction made between the War Department
and the Navy Department, I suppo.se, was be-
cause the Navy Department purchases were,ori-
ginally quite small and were always made in the
vicinity of the navy-yard, and always made in
response to an advertisement, and consequently
a contract in writing immediately afterwards fol-
lowed, but the Army was obliged to be supplied
at all the posts that we had when we laid out oar
system all along on our Atlantic coast, on our
northern lake coast, on the line of the Indian ter-
ritory, and on our southern coast, and exigencies
arose that required an immediate supply for the
Army which could not be anticipated, but which
were anticipated in the Navy.
I hope this- amendment will be adopted, and
that the section will be stricken out, not because
I believe the publication of these bids ever lias
been or ever will be instrumental in developing
any frauds. I think it will turn out that the frauds
to which the Senator from New Hampshire al-
luded, which I supposegrew out of fictitious bid-
ding, were not called to light, and the publication
that has been referred to was not made by the
firm or the member of the firm that did make it,
until after he, had been rebuked by the chief of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks himself for hav-
ing made fictitious bids and been called upon to
respond and to deliver over some of the articles
for which those fictitious bids were made. But
I agree with the Senator from New Hampshire
that if you repeal this law now you will imme-
diately cause men throughout the country to ex-
claim, " Why do you repeal this law just at this
time; why not let these bids be published as they
have been published ?" Although everything may
be as pure as it is possible for any money trans-
action to be, there are plenty of men in the coun-
try who will avail themselves of this opportunity
to cry at once that there is blasting evidence
against the Navy Department, and that we are
attempting to cover it up. I trust we shall let this
law stand as it is, at any rate for the present; and
if it becomes necessary hereafter to repeal it, we
can then do so.
Mr. HOWE. It may or may not be necessary
or expedient to publish the bids made in the Navy
Department and in the War Department and the
disbursements made by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior on Indian account, but I do suspect that there
is not the slightest necessity for making a publi-
cation of the bids made in the Post Office Depart-
ment for postal service. Those contracts are let
almost universally forfour years. Thegreat ma-
jority of the bidders at each successive letting ar<?
about the same class of men, and so far as my
knowledge goes each bidder is so well acquainted
with the way in which these contracts are let that
as soon as the biddings are made public in the
Department, or as soon thereafter as letters can
inform him, every inan who makes a bid be-
comes informed just how his bid ranges with other
bids. I have had occasion to receive letters from
bidders for these contracts repeatedly,and I have
always found them very well informed as to how
the bidding stood. When they lost a contract
they seemed to know precisely the difference be-
tween their bid and the bid that secured the con-
tract. I do not think there is the slightest neces-
sity for this publication, and as it seems to me
to be urged here that there may be some neces-
sity for publishing the other classes of bids, I de-
sire to amend the section so as to accomplish that
object. I believe it is in order now to move to
amend the section.
The PRESIDENTprotcmpore. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HOWE. I move to amend the fifth sec-
tion by striking out the following words from line
six to line fifteen:
Also that portion of the annual report of the Secretary of
the Navy giving <m ah>irnt t of uflei& (embracing those
which at'e rejected a« well as those which are accepted) re-
ceived (or furnishing: auidos coming under the cognizance
of the bureaus of the Navy Department, mpa t compliance
with the act of (Jongicfcs approved March 3.1813; and als o
that portion of the annual report of the Secretary of the In-
tenor giving Indian disbursements, in part compliance
with the act of Congress approved June SO, 1834.
And then in line seventeen, the letter (ta'*
should be stricken out at the end of the words
portions" and "acts;" and in the same line,the
