1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
demanded, I will move the previous questionupon
the pending amendments only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of the Chair what would be the position of
the bill before the House in that event?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
seconded, and the House adjourn, this bill will
come up the first thing after reading the Journal
on Monday; if not seconded, and the House
ndjourn, the Chair cannot state when it will come
up.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will modify
my proposition, and call the previous question
upon the pending amendments only.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. SCHENCK, (at
half pastfive o'clock,p.m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 27, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of Satur-
day last was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORGAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the passage of the
biil (II. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in the
military or naval service of the United States
homesieads on confiscated or forfeited estates in
insurrectionary districts; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented five petitions of men
and women of the United States, praying for the
abolition of slavery, and for such an amendment
of the Constitution as will forever prohibit its
existence in any portion of the Union; which
were referred to tiie select committee on slavery
and freedmen.
He also presented two petitions of citizens of
the United States, praying for such an amend-
ment of the Constitution as will expressly rec-
ognize the obligations of the Christian religion,
and that slavery may be abolished throughout the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY presented the memorial of
John J. Anderson and John W. White, praying
compensation for cotton used for fortification pur-
poses in the city of Nashville, Tennessee, in 18G2;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
bill recommitted.
On motion of Mr. BUCXALEW, it was
Ordered, That the bill (H. R. No. 1G2) for the relief of
Nathaniel McLean, Richard G. Murphy, and Charles E.
Flandreau be recommitted to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
reports from committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred th  joint reso-
lution (S. No. 62) for the recognition of the free
State government of the State of Arkansas, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution submitted by Mr.
Sumner on the 27th of May, declaring that a State
pretending to secede, and battling against the na-
tional Government to maintain that pretension, is
not entitled to representation in the Senate until
it has been readmitted into the Union by a vote
of both Houses of Congress, reported adversely
thereon.
He also, from the Sisme committee, to whom
were referied the credentials of William M. Fish-
back and of Ehsha Baxter, claiming to have been
elected Senators of the United States by the Le-
gislature of the State of Arkansas, submitted a
report, accompanied by the following resolution:
Resolve*!, That WilliamM. Fishtack and Elislia Baxter
are not emitted to seats as Senators from the State of Ar-
kansas.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the report of
the Secretary of the Interior ill relation to reports
made by a commission consisting of Messrs. Day,
White, and Wattles, appointed in 1861, and com-
municating copies of all correspondence between
those commissioners and the Secretary of the In-
terior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
510) further to regulate the carriage of passengers
in steamships ana other vessels, have directed me
to report it back to the Senate. This bill relates
to the line of steamers between New York and
Aspinwall and the connecting line from Panama
to San Francisco. The committee have received
statements from the agents of those lines, but have
received no information from those who favor the
bill; but they believe it is a bill which should re-
ceive the consideration of the Senate; and if there
is any light, it will come by their reporting fa-
vorably on it.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (S. No. 73) to allow Senators
and Representatives to visit forts, military pris-
ons, and hospitals within their respective States,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. RIDDLE. I give notice that I shall con-
test that report.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
twenty thousand copies of the report on agricul-
ture, have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment. I ask for its present consideration.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the report on
agriculture be printed tor the use of the Senate.
The amendment of the Committee on Printing
was to strike out " twenty thousand" and insert
"fifteen thousand," and after " Senate" to add
" and seven thousand for the use of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Printing how
that agrees with the number heretofore printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. The number heretofore
printed I believe has been twenty thousand for
the use of the Senate and some for the use of the
Commissioner of Agriculture. The Commis-
sioner of Agriculture did not obtain from the
House of Representatives this year the number
that he has usually had, and he desired, there-
fore, that the Senate should give him ten thou-
sand copies. Upon consultation with the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to whom the Committee
on Printing thought this resolution more appro-
priately belonged, it has been reported with this
amendment. The Department had twenty thou-
sand last year, and this year it will have seven-
teen thousand according to our report. The Sen-
ate, I believe, had twenty thousand last year, and
will now have fifteen thousand. We have cut
down the number somewhat.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It was that to which
I desired to call the attention of the chairman. I
understand that this volume is much more valu-
able to the agriculturists of the country and much
more interesting than any volume that has pre-
ceded it. I should like to have at least the usual
number printed, that being the case.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Agri-
culture rather agreed with the Senator from Kan-
sas; but in the midst of the general extravagance
we thought there ought to be one economical
committee, and we did not know any other com-
mittee to attend to it, and so the Committee on
Printing, have been very economical this session.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
amendment of the Gommittee by putting in twenty
thousand for the use of the Senate instead of fif-
teen thousand.
The question was put; and the amendment to
the amendment was declared to be rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask for the yeas
and nay . ["Oh, no."]
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the Senator from
Kansas had better allow the resolution to pass as
it is, and he can move for the printing of an addi-
tional number when the Senate is fuller than it
now is and take the sense of the body on the
question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Very- well.
The amendment of the committee wets agreed
to; and the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
EUIA ARMY REGISTER.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 101) to provide" for the publication of a.
full Army Register, have directed Hie to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the jointresolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to require the Secretary of War, in con-
nection with the Army Register for the year
1864, to cause to be printed and published a full
roster or roll of all Held, line, and staff officers of
volunteers who have been in the Army of the
United States since the beginning of the present
rebellion, showing whether they are yet in the
service or have been discharged therefrom, and
giving casualties and other explanations proper
for such Register. To defray in whole or in part
the expenses of this publication, an edition of
fifty thousand copies of the enlarged Register is to
be published and sold to officers, soldiers, or cit-
izens, at a price which shall not more than cover
the actual cost of paper, printing, and binding,
and shall not in any oase exceed one dollar per
volume.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Printing if this postpones the
small edition of the Register until all this addi-
tional matter is printed?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir.
The jointresolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time, and
freedman's commission report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
three thousand additional copies of the report of
the Secretary of War, communicating the reports
of the American Freedman's Inquiry Commis-
sion, have instructed me to reportit back without
amendment, and to recommend its passage. I
ask for its present consideration.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies of tile
report of the Secretary of War, communicating the reports
of the American Freedman's Inquiry Commission, ba
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what will be the expense of that publication.
Mr. ANTHONY. Between seven and eight
hundred dollars.
Mr. COWAN, t am really constrained to say
that I think this is going too far in the condition
in which we are at present, to throw money away
by the handful for the publication of papers that
nobody supposes will ever do the country any
good whatever. It may be well enough and proper
enough in time of peace, when we have the means;
but now when we have not the means, when our
finances are in such a condition that the most
hopeful almost despair of them, to throw away
this money is eminently improper. I suppose,
however, it is hardly worth while to make an ob-
jection i
Mr. SUMNER. I think that theSenator from
Pennsylvania is not informed in regard to the
nature of this document.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it a public document?
Mr. SUMNER. I will state. The Secretary
of War some time last summer constituted a com-
mission, compose of three eminent gentlemen,
Robert Dale Owen of Indiana, James McKay of
New York, and Dr. S. G. Howe of Boston, to
consider the condition of the freedmen under the
acts of Congress and the proclamation of the
President. Thatcommission has been laboriously
occupied during this whole year. It has taken a
vast amount of testimony, from General Halleek
and General Butler down to agents and superin-
tendents in Louisiana and at Hilton Head. In.
short, it has spared no pains to arrive at accurate
information with regard to the condition of freed-
men about whom we are now legislating. That
commission has gathered together the results of
all this testimony. It has summed it up in a
very elaborate report, mainly from the pen of the
chairman, Mr. Owen. I have had an opportu-
nity of looking into the report, and I have no
