268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special order, being bill of the House No.
122, to increase the internal revenue, and for other
purposes, all debate on the first section being
closed, by order of the House, in one minute.
Mr. HOOPER. By duection of the Committee
of Ways and Means I move to amend by strik-
ing out the third section, as follows:
Sec. 3. That all distilled spirits on which an excise duty
is imposed bylaw maybe exported without payment of said
duty, and when the same is intended for expoitation may
be removed without beingchaiged with duty, if trans-ported
directty from the distillery or bonded warehouse, under such
rules and regulations and upon execution ofsuch tiansporta-
tion or other bonds as the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe, said bonds to be taken by the coilcctoi ot internal
revenue of the district in which such distilleries or bonded
warehouses maybe situated to a bonded warehouse at any
port of entry of the United States, said warehouse at the
port of entry to be established in accoidancc with the law
and Treasury regulations, and to be used exclusively for the
storage of distilled spirits, and to be placed in charge ofthe
proper officers of customs, who, togetbei with the ovvnets
and proprietor, ■shall have the join! custody of all the dis-
tilled spirits stored in said warehouses and all the laboi on
the goods so stored shall he performed by the owner orpro-
prictor of the warehouse under the supeivision of the offi-
cer of the customs in charge of the same at the expense of
said owner and proprietor, and shall al«-o be subject to the
same rates and regulations and bo chaigcd with the same
costs and expense* in all re>peeis as other poods may be
subject to that are deposited in public stoie foi exportation
fiom the United States; and no drawback shall in any case
be allowed on any distilled spirits on which an excise duty
lias been paid, cither before oi after it has been placed in a
bonded warehouse, as aforct-aid.
And to insert in lieu thereof as follows:
Sec. 3. Jhul he it further enacted, That all distilled spir-
its upon which an excise duty is imposed by law may be
exported without payment of b.ud duty, and when the same
is intended for exportation, may, without beingchaiged with
duty, be removed under such rules and regulations and upon
the execution ot such transposition bonds or other secu-
rity as the Secretary of the Treasmy muy prescribe, said
bonds or other security to be taken by the collector of in-
ternal revenue of the district fiom which s-uch removal is
• made : Provided, That the said spii its fh.Ul lie transpoi ted
directly from the di^till^iy or bonded warehouse to a bonded
warehouse established in eontoimity wilh the law and
Treasury regulations at aportol entry ot the United State-!,
und iiMid exclusively tor the storage of distilled *-piiits, and
to be placed in charge of a propei officer ol the customs-,
who, together with the owner and piopiietor ot ihe waic-
hou.se, shall have the joint custody of all the disilled spirits
stored in <.awl waichou*c ; and all the labor on the good* so
stoied .shall he performed by the owner fir pioprietor of the
warehouse, under the Mipe'rvision ot the officer of the cus-
tom* in cliaigc of the same, and at the expeti,-e of the said
owner or pioprietoj ; and the said spirit- shall al-o be sub-
ject to the same rules and regulation*, and be chargeable
Willi the same cos- and e.\pen-c . in all respects*, to which
otlict goods tbiit are deported in public Sore (<>i ozona-
tion Iiom Ihe United State- ma> he -ubjeet; and nodtaw-
baclt shall in any case be allowed on any di-tllb-d spirit
upon vvhhh an excise dutj shall have heen p<udeither be-
f'oie or sifter it shrill have been placed in a bonded ware-
house as alore-aal; but no provi-ion ot tin* act shall be
construed to repeal exismg law* winch provide that dis-
tilled s'iriN ln,1V he iemoved fiom the place of manuf.te
ture ot bond I'd warehou <e foi the purposeol being ledisti! led
for exportation, or which provide* for the manufacture foi
exportation oi medicines, pi epilations, compositions, per-
fumery, and co*metics.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring of the gentleman from Massachusetts the
exact oiled of his amendment. Upon hearing it
hastily read I infer that his proposition is this:
that spirits already distilled and placed in ware-
house may be removed for the puipose, for in-
stance, of being manufactured into alcohol, and
then may become subject to exportation without
the payment of duty. Is that the effect of the
gentleman's proposition ?
All. HOOPER. The amendment submitted
by me by dhectton of the Committee of Ways
and Means was not intended to change the char-
acter of the oi iginal section in its gene ml features,
but it was drawn with more care, and eoveisone
or two points which weie not piovided for di-
rectly in the bill as it stands. One point was the
right to withdiaw from the warehouse for the pur-
pose of distillation and also for the purpose of
being manufactured into peifumeiy and cosmet-
ics. Under the existing law the manufacturer
had the light to withdiaw his whisky fiom the
bonded warehouse under regulations to be pre-
scribed by the Treasury Department for the pur-
pose of being manufactured into alcohol, and also
jnto cosmetics and perfumery; and the object of
tins amendment js to accomplish the same pur-
pose.
Mr. HOLMAN. The point I wanted to come
at is this. It is a well-known fact that most dis-
tillers do not manufacture alcohol. Now I ask
whether the whisky may be withdrawn from the
bonded wuiehouse for numufactuie into alcohol
and then the alcohol be exported without the pay-
ment of any duty?
Mr. HOOPER. The object is to give the man-
ufacturer of alcohol as well as the manufacturer
of cosmetics and peifumery the right to manufac-
ture for exportation without paying a duty for it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
If I understand the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, it removes a defect which 1
thought I discovered in the original section for
which thisis proposed to be substituted. Itstruck
me that while the manufacturerand distillersvould
be entitled to the benefit of the drawback in case
the spirits were exported, the same advantage or
benefit would not be given to the exporting mer-
chant. I may have been in error; but I so read
the original section. But as I understand the
amendment, it clears up the confusion of phrase-
ology and of ideas in the original section, and
gives the benefit of the drawback to whoever may
export. If I am right in the construction I have
placed upon the gentleman's amendment, I am in
favor of it. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Hoofer was
agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I desire to go back to the second section
and move to amend the provision which prescnbes
a penalty by inserting " one half of which shall
be awarded, and, upon recovery, paid, to the in-
former."
I will simply say that I have consulted a ma-
jority of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
that no dissent has been expressed to the amend-
ment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
received and adopted.
Mr. KASSON. I move the same amendment
to section , to add at the end of the section,
"one half to be awarded, and upon recovery to
be paid, to the informer."
Mr. STEVENS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man fiom Iowa that an amendment be offered to
apply to ail the penalties' provided in the bill.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection to that;
and, with the understanding that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, will offer such an
amendment, 1 will withdiaw the one I have of-
feied.
Mr. BLAINE. I move the following atnend-
me nt:
Provided, That upon tho cotton on whieh a duty of one
halt cein has been paid, an additional duty ol one and a
half cent* i^uill be levied and collected.
It corresponds w-ith the previous action of the
committee. It is to make the tax uniform.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ENGLISH moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and ptu tieularly
bill of the House No. 122, to increase the internal
tevenue,and for other purposes; and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, tepoited a bill to sup-ply deficit ncies
in appt opriations foi the sei vice of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 186-1; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Committee
of the. Whole on the state of the. Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS moved that it be made the
special oider for day after to-morrow, and from
day to da/ until disposed of,
Mi. HOLMAN. Say Tuesday next. The bill
has not been punted, and it is one that ought to
be carefully consideied.
Air. STEVENS. I agree to Monday, after the
morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY OF CADETS.
Mr. NELSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill increasing the pay of cadets at West
Point; which was read a first and second time, and
referied to the Committee on Military Affairs.
DAKOTA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, presented papers in
the Dakota contested-election case; which were
referred to the Committee of Elections.
REBELLIOUS STATES'.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to make a report from the select com-
mittee on the rebellious States. The chairman
[Mr. Davis, of Maryland] is absent on account of
sickness
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that,objection will not
be made if a day late in February is fixed for its
consideration.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object. It must come
in regulaily.
Mr. COX moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
And then (at five minutes past four o'clock p.
m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 21, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a letter of the Com-
missionerof Agriculture,directed to the chairman
of the Committee on Agriculture, upon the sub-
ject of the taxation of tobacco, as recommended
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
George W. Fish, praying for compensation for
services rendered as United States consul atNing-
po,fiom the Istdayof Apiil, 1861,to the 8th day
of August, 1861; which was referied to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
He abo presented the petition of J. Judson Bar-
clay, United States consul at the island of*Cy-
prus, praying for an increase of his compensation;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. *
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. T Spencer and G. S.
Ilubhaul, of Chicago, Illinois, praying foi compensation for
t-eiwee poiionned m canying the mails on their line of ,
steameis between Chicago and Lake tfnpeiior, be taken
fiom tin: files of the Senate, and refortcd to the Committee
on Po.-t Oiiices and Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Leonard J. Rose, pi flying
for indemnity for property stolen and destroyed by the In-
dians, he taken from the files of the Senate, and leferrcd to
the Couit or Claims.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petitions of citizens of Kansas pre-
sented by bun on the llth instant, piaying lor the abolition
ot flaveiy, be referred to the select committee on slavery
and fieedmcn.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referied the petition of
Charles Fosdick Fletcher, praying for the ap-
pointment of commissioneis undei an aettochar-
ter a steam packet company to be called "The
Washington, Noi folk, and Cadiz Steamship Com-
pany," with a capital of $5,000,000 in shares of
$100 each, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on Post
Officer and Post Roads, to whom was referied a
petition of mail route agents, praying foi an in-
crease of their compensation, and a petition of
mat I route agents, praying that all letters deliv-
ered to them for mailing shall be prepaid by stamps
at double rates, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Wade, Chandler, and Harding the committee
on the part of the Senate on the joint committee on
the conduct of the war, under a joint resolution
of the two Houses of Congress.
MAIL MATTER.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 143) to amend the law prescrib-
