1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
great object to the Accomplishment of which his
life had been devoted, the entire abolition of sla-
very; but he lived to see measures taken, with the
inauguration of which ho had much to do, which
it is believed will soon effect that result. Like
the great Jewish captain, he was permuted to look
forward to the land .of deliverance and promise,
not to enter upon it.
In Illinois Mr; Loyejot has occupied a.prom-
inent and influential position for many y^ars.
Long before he held political office or entered po-
litical life he was known as an anti-slavery lecturer
of great power and eloquence. He first held of-
fice as a member of the Illinois Legislature from
the county of Bureau, in 1854.' Inthefallof 1856
he was electeda Representative to Congress, and
since then has been consecutively returned at cach
election,'having been three times elected from the
district as it existed previous to the last appor-
tionment and once from the district as it now is.
He acquired and maintained his popularity by
appealing directly to the masses. He had noth-
ing to do with, and knew little about, the appli-
ances sometimes resorted to by politicians to ac-
quire position. At the outset of his career his
anti-slavery views were far in advance of most of
those around him. Nothing daunted by this, he
never hesitated to promulgate and avow them
whenever opportunity offered, and often sought
and made opportunities for doing it. He was a
pioneer in the great and holy cause of freedom, and
a brave, bold, and eloquent man. No man in the
State, if any in the nation, ever exerted a greater
influence on the masses by his speeches than
OwenLoyejoy. He had a loud, clear voice, was
thoroughly in earnest, and throwing his whole
soul into his subject,'usually having some rela-
tion to slavery, never failed to impart to others
something of that detestation and abhorrence of
human bondage which he himself felt.
In some portions of Illinois the prejudice against
abolitionists, of whom Mr. Lovejoy was denom-
inated the chief, was such that he could not ad-
dress public assemblies without danger of per-
sonal violence, but when he once got a heating
such was ins eloquence and power over the poo-
pie that he never failed to disarm ail personal op-
* position, if he did not wholly convince his hearers,
rfo man in the State did so much as lie to over-
come the pro-slavery pre judices of a large portion
of its inhabitants, and to elevate that great State
to the proud position it now occupies on the side
of freedom and of right.
But it is not alone as the eloquent advocate of
human rights that wo should look upon my de-
parted colleague. As a great leaderand champion
ofthc oppressed he has, indeed, carved out for him-
self a reputation as lasting as tune; but, endowed
the Great Author of all with faculties of the
hightest tuder, and susceptible uf indefinite im-
provement, his philanthropic and noble spirit was
accustomed to look beyond this earthly sphere to a
country where the wicked cease from troubling and
the wearyareaticst. My departed colleague spent
his life in pleading as well for deliverance from
sin and death as from that of human oppression.
For sixteen years previous to holding public
office he was the acceptable pastor over the Con-
gregational church at Princeton, the place of his
residence.
There are few men who have left behind them
a brighter record than Owbn Lovejoy. He was
th   friend of the oppressed, thegenial companion,
the eloquent orator, the able statesman, the Chris-
tian divine, the affectionate husband and father.
What more can I say of him? To his bereaved
widow and children there is no consolation ex-
cept that which cometh from that other and bet-
ter world whither he has gone and now beckons
them to follow.
1 offer for adoption the following t evolutions;
Resolved, Ttiat the Senate leoeivo wtili ^im-ore icgret
the aunouticmrrjt of the death ot Hon. Ovvi,n Lovfjoy
Jate a member of the Hmw: of K"pre:>oniatives Irom the
Stan; ot tlimoi.-. and lender to the family of the deceased
the ot llj.-irmpath) wuli them under the be-
reavement they have been called to sustain.
Ke*oired, That the Seeretaiy of the Senate be directed
to transmit to the family of Mr. Lovuoy a certified copy
ot the ibrejjoinjj resolution.
Revolted. That m token of respect tor the memory ofthc
deceased ,Ui>• Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. f wiah.Mi. President, to
pay but a passing tribute to tin' memory uf one I j'
learned to love many year,' ago. Owlv Lovr,- :
joy was the valued and tried friend, also, of the
people of my State dining a period when such
friendship was invaluable. His heart and hand,
his voice and pen, were all consecrated to such a
work as the free State men of Kansas were called
to achieve. I well remember the decided and
cordial approval he gave to the course we were
pursuing. And when some doubted, and others
hesitated, he was ready to act. And during the
long and trying years of 1855 and 1856, his voice
cheered us; his hands, and others like his, sus-
tained us.
I remember the hospitality at his fireside, as
well as the stirring eloquence with which he plead
our cause before his own people, and in his own
pulpit.
I had the pleasure often of being with him while
he addressed the assembled thousands of earnest
and free men of that portion of the great Northwest
during the exciting and ever-memorable canvass
of 1856. That campaign did more than any other
to establish in this country a literature of free-
dom.
But, sir, I need add nothing to what has been
said, for this is no occasion for many words. In-
deed, I have known enough of sorrow and felt
enough of its desolation to realize that the truest
tribute is oftencr paid m the silence of grief and
by the eloquence of tears. In this budding spring-
time the prairie' burying-place at Ins own chosen
home in Princcton will receive what remains of
Owen Loyejoy. And though the grass may wave
and the flowers bloom above and around him,
yet nothing, nothing can ever add beauty or fra-
grance to that name martyred and historic before,
now and hereafter forever to be dear to freedom,
and as immortal as liberty—the name of Owen
Loviujoy.
Mr. SUMNER. It is proposed to adjourn now
in honor of Owkn Lovrjoy, whose lecent death
we mourn. Could his wishes prevail, he would
prefer mueh that Senatoi s should continue in their
seats and help to enact into law some one of the
several measures now ponding to secure the oblit-
eration of slavery. Such an act would be more
acceptable to him than any personal Uibute.
He spoke well always; but he believed in deeds
rather than words, although speech with him was
a deed. It was his contribution to that sublime
causft for which he toiled always. " Words are
the daughters of earth, deeds are the sons of
heaven;''so says the Oriental proverb. But there
was little of earth in his words. Proceeding
from a pure and generous heart, they have so far
prevailed even during his life that they must be
named gratefully among those £ood influences by
which our triumph has been won. IIow his en-
franchised soul would be elevated even in those
abodes to which he has been removed to know
tiuit his voice was still heard on earth encourag-
ing, exhorting, insisting that there should be no
hesitation anywhere in striking at slavery; that
this unpardonable wrong, from which alone the
lebeilion draws its wicked life, must be blasted
by presidential proclamation, blasted by act of
Congress, blasted by constitutional prohibition,
blasted in every possible way, by every available
agency, and at every occuiring opportunity, so
that no trace of the outrage may continue in the
institutions of the land, and especially that its
accursed foot-prints may no longer defile the na-
tional statute-book. Sir, it will be in vain that
you pnSs resolutions in tribute to him if you neg-
lect that cause for which he lived, and do not
hearken to his voice.
Shortly before he went away from Washington
to die, 1 sat by his bedside. There, too, within
call, wasthe beloved partner of his life. lie was
cheerful; but his thoughts were mainly turned to
his country, whowe fortunes in the bloody conflict
with slavery he watched with intensest care. He
did not doubt the great result. Put he longed to
be at his post again to teach his fellow-citizens,
and to teach Congress, how vain it was to expect
to make an end of the rebellion without making
an end of slavery. 11 is only just to his fame that
now, on this occasion of commemoration, all this
should be faithfully told. To suppress it would be
dishonest. I could not speak at his funeral, if I
weie expected to umteiniobbing hisgravc of any
oftheHo titles doiived fiom his tianscendentcour-
ago and discernment in the trials of the present
time.
The Journals of the House show how faith-
fully he began his labors at the present session.
On the 14th of December he introduced a bill,
whose title discloses its character: ii A bill to give
effect to the Declaration of Independence, and also
to certain provisions of the Constitution of the
United States." It proceeds to recite that all men
were created equal, and were endowed by the Cre-
ator with the inalienable right to life, liberty,and
the fruits of honest toil; that the Government of
the United States was instituted to secure those
rights; that the Constitution declares that no
person shall be deprived of liberty without due
process of law, and also provides—article five,
clause two—thatu this Constitution, and the laws
of the United States made in pursuance thereof,
shall be the supreme law of the land, and the
judges in each State shall be bound thereby, any-
thing in the constitution and laws of any State to
the contrary notwithstanding;" that it is now
demonstrated by the rebellion that slavery is ab-
solutely incompatible with the union, peace, and
general welfare for which Congress is to provide;
and it therefore enacts that all persons heretofore
held in slavery in any of the States or Territories
of the,United States are declared freed men, and
are forever released from slavery or involuntary
servitude except as punishment for crime on due
conviction. On the same day he introduced an-
other bill to protect frcedmen and to punish any
one for enslaving them. These were among his
last public acts. And now they testify how hon-
estly he dealt with that question of questions in
which.all other questions are swallowed up. It
is easy to see that he scorned the wicked fantasy
that man can hold property in man. This per-
nicious delusion, which is the source of such in-
tolerable pretensions on the partof slave-masters,
and, worse still, the source of such intolerable
irresolution on the partof professed opponents of
slavery, could get no hold of him. He Knew that
it was a preposterous falsehood, as wicked as
false, born of prejudice and infinite credulity, and
therefore he brushed aside as cobweb all the fine-
spun snares of law or Constitution so ingeniously
woven in its support. Recognizing freedom as
the God-given birthright of all who wear the hu-
man form, he knew no duty higher than to protect
it always; and to this end law and Constitution
must minister.
He had never been a judge, and was not even
a lawyer, so that the technicalities and subtleties
of the profession had no chance of enslaving him.
Pesides, to a nature like his, independent and
sell-poised, what were the sophisms of learning
and skill when employed in the support of wrong?
It was enough that wherever slavery appeared it
was in defiance of that commanding law of right
before which all unjust pretensions, whatever
form they may take, must disappear like the morn-
ing dew under the flashing arrows of the ascend-
ing sun. From the beginning and at all times he
was fixed against all compromise with slavery,
and stood like a fortress. Sir, let it be spoken
here m his honor. He lies cold m death; but he
could have no better epitaph than this: "Here
rests one who would not eompiomisu with in-
iquity." When Senators and Piesidents bentto
the ignoble behest he stood firm. He was gifted
to see that slavery—unlike the tai iff orbank—did
not come within the ian^e of compromise any
more than the decalogue or multiplication table.
He saw clearly how shamefully unconstitutional
and inhuman was the fugitive slave act, in spite
of every apology of compromise, and refused it
all support. He lies cold in death; but his prin-
ciples will live to sweep this unutterable atrocity
from the statute-book, which it still fills from
cover to cover with blackness. v
He was not only a faithful counselor, of per-
fect loyalty, in whom truth was a religion and an
instinct, but he was a counselor whose experi-
ence of mankind and of public life united with
an aptitude for affairs in giving to what he said
an added value. He sat for several years in the
other House face to face with the slave-masters,
who then ruled thecountry,sothat he knew them
well ill every respect, but especially in their open
brutality and their surpassing effrontery. Dining
this pctiod, while shut out Ironi participation m
the public business, his duty was that of cham-
pion, and nobly did he perfoim it. But those
who have watched him under the responsibility
ieccntly cast upon a Representative of his char-
