1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and free conference have agreed to recommend and do
recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House concur in the amendments of the Senate
to said bill numbered timteen, foui teen, eighteen, nineteen,
twenty, and twenty-four.
That the Senate lecede from its amendments to said bill
numbered twenty-two and twenty-three.
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to the amendment of the Senate tosaid bill numbered one.
That tiu? House concur in the amendment oi the Senate
to said bill numbered twenty-beven, with the following
amendment:
And inseit in lieu thereof the following:
Sec. 2. J3nd be it further enacted, That out of the appro-
priation of $750,000 for a floating dry-dock at navy-yard.
New Yoik, provided for by the act making appropriations
for the naval service of the United States, approved 3d of
March, 1863, the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized to construct one or two dry-docks, as he may
deem expedient, at New York andPhiladelphia,at §260,000
each, and to expend the balance of said appropriation, it" it
shall be necessary, to enlarge the sectional docks to a ca-
pacity to receive the large vessels now building.
JOHN P. HALE,
I\ G. VAN WINKLE,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the -part of the Senate.
A LUX. H.KIUE,
JAMES E. ENGLISH,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN.Iask that the amendments be
read, so that the House may understand what has
been the action of the committee of conference.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts. I can satisfy the
gentleman by informing him of what the action
of the committee lias been from the memoranda
I have here, but I have no objection to the amend-
ments being read.
The amendments were read in extenso.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the appropriation
of $75,000 for?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The first amend-
ment in which the House concurred with the Sen-
ate was in reference to an appropriation of $75,000
for building a hospital atMare island, California.
The service in California demands that some fur-
ther accommodation should be made for the sick
and disabled seamen upon that coast. There have
been plans and specifications made for a very large
and ornamental structure there,the costof which
itis supposed will be about two hundred and fifty
thousand dollars. The chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and Surgery does not coincide with the
view heretofore taken of the expediency of a build-
ing at such a cost at that point. He is of the opin-
ion that for the sum of §75,000 to be now appro-
priated a plain and substantial and sufficiently
commodious building for the purposes of that
coast for the present time can be constructed. The
committee of eonfcience on the partof the House
were unanimous in regard to making this appro-
priation.
Mr. STEVENS* Is this $75,000 the whole
amount?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I think it will
be. It results from the change of the plan of the
building to a more simple structure.
The fourteenth amendment relates to the salary
of the constructing engineer, reducing it from
$3,500 to $3,200, which is the salary of the com-
mandant, the engineer now receiving more than
his superior. The others relate to the necessary
work at Key "West. One amendment relates to
the salaries of the assistant astronomers, or aids,
to the Observatory at Washington, by which the
number is reduced from four to three, and the sal-
aries of the four are divided among the three, as
agreed upon. The last amendment authorizes the
Navy Department to use at its discretion an ap-
propriation of §750,000 made during the last Con-
gress.
The report of the committee was adopted.
Mr. RICE, ofMassachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMODORE CHARLES WILKES.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, Tlmt the Fecrctmy of the Navy be directed to
communicate to tins House the proceedings of the court of
inquiry m the case ot Commodore Charles Wilkes,
VIRGINIA ELECTIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I call up the election case of
Joseph Segar, in order that it may now be acted
on. i ask the Clerk to read the resolution of the
Committee of Elections.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, That Joseph Segar is not entitled to a seat as
a Representative in the Thiity-EigUth Congress from the
first district of Virginia.
Mr. DAWES. I desire also to say that there
is another report of the committee, which will be
found in House document No. 59, in reference to
the claim of Lucius H. Chandler to a seat in this
Congress from thesecond districtof Virginia,and
as the reports in these two cases are based upon
an almost precisely similar state of facts, it would
be a great saving of time if the House would con-
sider the two cases together. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to consider both cases
as before them.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWES, i do not desire to detain the
House but a few moments. The principles in-
volved in these cases are precisely the same as
those which have been presented, argued, and ad-
judicated by the House over and over again in the
last two or three years, and there is therefore no
necessity of more than simply stating the facts as
they appear.
The district which Mr. Segar claims to repre-
sent is the first congressional districtof Virginia,
composed of the counties of Accomac, North-
ampton, Elizabeth City, York, Northumberland,
Westmoreland, Richmond, Essex, Lancaster,
Middlesex, King anddueen, King William, New
Kent, Gloucester, Matthews, James City, War-
wick, Charles City, King George, and Caroline.
The vote on which Mr. Segar claims to have been
elected was cast on the last Thursday of May,
1862, the time provided by law for the regular
election of the State of Virginia. At that time
there were votes cast in Accomac, Northampton,
Elizabeth City, and York counties; the precise
number not having been ascci tained, butas nearly
as has been ascertained was 1,067, as follows:
In Accomac  1,120
Noithampton 
Elizabeth City and Yoik  2-U
Total number of votes  1.667
Of these, Mr. Segarreceived about 1,300 u>tes.
There was no election held in any other pait of
the district on that day. A comparison of these
four counties with the remainder of the district
either in respect to territory or population shows
that but a very small portion of the district was
represented.
Jn 18G0 the aggregate population of the district
was 160,834 (.if these there were white males,
34,013; total whites, 68,159. Of the counties which
voted m this election there were white males, 9,772,
outof 34,013 in the whole distnet; and the entire
number of whites in these counties was only
19,181 out of 68,159 in the whole district, and but
37,J 65 out of 160,834 aggregate population.
The reason why no election was held in any
other portion of this district is well known to
everybody: because the rest of the district was in
the possession of the rebel military authorities,
and it was utterly impossible to hold an election
there.
So far as this election was held, I believe it
was in conformity to law. These gentlemen pre-
sented at the commencement of the present ses-
sion of Congress certificates made out in conform-
ity to the requirements of the law of Virginia.
Mr. Segar claimed that, having the certificate
properly made out by the proper authorities, he
was entitled to a seat here without contest; but
the Committee of Elections supposed these cre-
dentials were referred to them for the purpose of
examining into this whole election and reporting
its character to the House. The committee have
made such an examination, and upon the princi-
ples which have heretofore been submitted and
acted on by the House, that where a large por-
tion of a distiict was within rebel control, a larger
portion than was in our hands, there could be no
free election, the committee came to the conclu-
sion that a majority of the electors in this con-
gressional election were not fieeto vote, and that,
therefore, upon this prin^uple heretofore decided,^
Mr. Segar was not properly elected a member ot
this House, and is not entitled to a seat.
It gives pleasure to the committee to testify to
the loyalty and sacrifices of Mr. Segar in the
cause of the Union, and to express regret that, in
accordance with the principles which they have
adopted, and with the directions which they con-
ceive were given them by the House, they found
it impossible to come to the conclusion that would
admit him to a seat here.
The other case is that of Mr. Lucius'H. Chand-
ler, who claims to represent the second congress
sional district of Virginia, composed of the coun-
ties of Brunswick, Dinwiddie, Greenville, Isle of
Wight, Nansemond, Norfolk, Princess Aniie?
Prince George, Southampton, Surry, and Sussex;
The whole population of this district in 1860 was
156,626; total number of whites, 74,230; thetotal
number of white males, 36,879. Of these, 779
voted, and 778 of them voted for Mr. Chandler.
Voting places were opened on the day of this
election in nine places in the county of Norfolk
and cities of Portsmouth and Norfolk. No polls
were opened in any other portion of the district;
and 1 may here remark that I believe nearly all
the votes cast were from the city of Norfolk.
Comparing, then, these cities and county with
the entire district, and it will be seen at oncc that
only a very small portion of the district participated
in this election,and for the same reason precisely
that caused the paucity of the vote in Mr. Segar's
district, namely, that the rebels held all the rest
of the district in subjection and prevented the
polls from being opened. The committee have,
therefore, for precisely the same reason as in th6
case of Mr. Segar, reported against the admission
of Mr. Chandler to a seat as a Representative in
this Congress.
These gentlemen are now present in the Hguse
and desire to be heard, as they have the right to
be under the rule which has been adopted by the
House; and I now yield the floor to permit them
to address the House in defense of their own
claims.
Mr. SEGAR. In the fall of 1861 a email num-
ber of the loyal voters of the county of Elizabeth
City, the county of my residence, appeared at
the polls, m pursuance of a proclamation of Fran-
cis H. Pierpoint, then the recognized loyal Gov-
ernor of Virginia, and cast their votes for the
humble individual before you, as their Represent-
ative in the Thirty-Seventh Congress. At the
time 1 was far away from my home, treading, for
the first time in my life, the soil of NewJEngland,
and not even aware that an election was in con-
templation. At first, I am frank to confess, I had
no purpose of appropriating to myself the in-
tended honor, having grave doubts of the legiti-
macy of the Wheeling government, under the
auspices of which the election had taken place.
But my doubts on that point having been re-
moved by an able argument of the late Benjamin
F. Hallet, of Boston, published in the Boston
Post, and to which my attention was called by a.
distinguished member of the Boston bar, 1 determ-
ined finally to make claim to the proffered seat.
1 accordingly appeared here to uo so, but the
House thought fit not to admit me.
The chief objections taken to my admission
were, first, the one still raised, that all the loyal
voters of the district had not had an opportunity
of indicating their choice at the polls, and, second-
ly, that the election having been one to supply a
vacancy, it should have been held by writ of elec-
tion, and not by executive proclamation.
Regarding the former of these objections as
not soundly taken, and regardful of the rights of
the State of which he was the acknowledged
chief magistrate, Governor Picrpointiseued a writ
for a new election. In this second election, I beg-
the House specially to note, only three counties
voted—Accomac, Northampton, and Elizabeth
City—and the vote cast was only 1,018, of which
I received 559; and this number being a majority
of the votes cast, I received a certificate of elec-
tion, and a second time appeared in this Hall,
seeking admission. You kept me out in thecold,
Mr. Speaker, for some seven or eight weeks, but
finally, either taking pity on me, or believing me
entitled to membership, you kindly rescued mc
from my shivering position outside, brought me
within these doors, and conducted me to a seatin
this House of Commons of this great nation. I
took the seat; and though it is not mine to boast
a brilliant, I think 1 may not immodestly claim
to have made at least an honorable record Of my
representative action. Elected as an unyielding
Union man, 1 gave outspoken Union votes, hav-
ing supported every vital measure of the Govern-
ment for the suppression of the rebellion.
Well, sir, supposing the point then as now
