THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES,- WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 23, 1864.
NEW Beiues No* 19.
ing the articles to be admitted into the mails of the
United States, have directed me to report it back
without amendment, and to recommend its pas-
sage. I ask that it be put on its passage now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to allow articles of clothing, man-
ufactured of wool,cotton, or linen, and comprised
in a package not exceeding two pounds in weight,
addressed to any non-commissioned officer or pri-
vate serving in the ar-mies of the United States,
to be transmitted in the mails at the rate of eight
cents, to be in all cases prepaid, for every four
ounces, or any fraction thereof, subject to such
regulations as the Postmaster General may pro-
scribe.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE AKMY.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 41.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
41) to promote enlistments in the Army of the
United States, and for other purposes, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill consists of seven sections. The first
section provides that enlistments hereafter made
in the regular Army during the continuance of the
present rebellion shall be for the term of three
years. The second section provides that all per-
sons of African descent who have been or may be
mustered into the military service of the UniteU
States shall receive the same uniform, clothing,
arms, equipments, camp equipage, rations, med-
ical and hospital attendance, pay and emoluments,
as other soldiers of the regular or volunteer forces
of the like arm of the service, and that every such
person hereafter mustered into service shall receive
two months' pay in advance. The third section
declares that when any man or boy of African
descent owing service or labor in any State under
its laws shall be mustered into the military or
naval service of the United States, he, and his
mother, wife, and children, shall be forever free.
The fourth section proposes to allow full pay,
without rations, to chaplains heretofore or here-,
after absent by reason of wounds or sickness;
half pay with rations during absence on leave oc-
casioned by other causes. The fifth section pro-
poses to allow to the battalion of engineers one
adjutant, one quartermaster, and one commissary
of subsistence, to be selected from the lieutenants
on duty with the battalion, with the same com-
pensation as regimental adjutants and quartermas-
ters respectively. The sixth section pioposes to
add to the battalion of engineers one sergeant ma-
jor, one quai termaster sergeant, and onesommis-
sary sergeant, with the pay of a sergeant of engi-
neers. The seventh section provides that the
officer in command of that battalion shall be al-
lowed the pay and emoluments of a lieutenant
colonel of engineers.
The bill had been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and reported with
amendments. The first amendment was in the
second section, after the word " emoluments,"
in the fifth line, to insert the words " other than
bounty," so as not to allow bounty to troops of
African descent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, to
strike out in lines one and two the words " man
or boy" and to insert " person," and after the
word " descent" in line two to strike out the
word t{ owing" and insert the word " whose,"
and after " labor" in line three to insert " is
claimed;" so as to make the section read:
" That when any person of African descent whose service
or labor is claimed in any State underlie laws thereof shall
be inuitoiud
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, to
strike out in line three the words t$ and one" and
to insert14 .who shall also be," and in line four be-
foie the word "each" to insert the word "and,"
19
and ^to strike out the word "with*'and insert
shall have*," so as to make the section read:
That thei e be added to the battalion of engineers one ser-
geant major, one quartermaster sergeant who shall also be
commissary sergeant, and each shall have the pay of aser-
geant of engineers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to. the fourth section of the bill. In the sec-
ond and sixth lines of that section after the word
" sickness" I move to insert the words " or cap-
turedso that chaplains when absent from duty
by reasonof woundsorsickness,orcapturcd,shall
be allowed full pay without rations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I.vjish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs whether
under this bill any bounty is to be given to col-
ored soldiers'.
Mr. WILSON. No bounty is given under this
bill to colored soldiers. The committee consid-
ered that subject, and decided that it was not
necessary. The information we had was that it
was not necessary to give a bounty. By existing
law, soldiers are entitled to one month's pay in
advancc. We have provided, however, that col-
ored soldiers shall receive two months' pay in
advance instead of giving them a bounty. It was
thought that that was all that was necessary, cer-
tainly in regard to colored soldiers raised in the
rebel States.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems that matters in re-
gard to military affairs are left pretty much to the
discretion of the Military Committee, and I sup-
pose it will be useless for me to attempt to change
the bill as it is now presented to us by that com-
mittee. If I had my way, I should give a bounty
of ยง100 to all these colored men. The chairman
of the committee should remember, in the first
place, that colored men are not alone enlisted in
the rebel States, but they are enlisted in the loyal
States, and they ought to have a bounty to induce
them to enlist. I warn Senators of this: that in
a little while we shall have an application here
from several of those States to be permitted to
go down into the rebel States and enlist men to
be applied to their quotas; and the argument will
bo, " You do not succeed in enlisting any of them
for the Government; we are willing to go into the
rebel States and pay a liberal bounty, and in that
way wecan induce these men to go into our ranks
and fight for us." The Government is not able
to enlist them because you do not allow them to
give a bounty. You deny to the Federal Gov-
ernment that privilege; and yet you will be asked
to allow other States in the Union to go down
into those States and induce these men to enlist
by giving them most munificent bounties. That
will be the upshot of this business.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill does not prohibit
bounties.
Mr. GRIMES. As I understand the chairman
of the committee the bill does not allow the Gov-
ernment to give bounties to the colored soldiers
raised under it.
Mr. WILSON. It does not.
Mr. ANTHONY. It does not authorize, but
it docs not prohibit it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Government cannot give
them without some authority or authorization.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Military Committee, in reference
to these colored soldiers having two months'pay
in advance, whether there is also a law allowing
the claimant who claims this service or labor to
have any compensation ? 1 understand the De-
partment are preparing papers to authorize their
agents to pay some three or four hundred dollars
to the persons who claim these slaves, as a con-
sideration of their losing their service and labor
if they go into riie service of the United States.
I desnc to inquire whether there is any law for
that; whether, when the Government takes the
slave of a man, no matter if he is in rebellion or
not, and he is made a soldier in the Army, his
master gets anything for u?
Mr. WILSON. There i? no law for it now
that I know of, other than the authority that was
given to the War Department tb use the commas
tation money to obtain substitutes. I "suppose
that under that-general authority,-wherever they
enlisted persons who were claimed to owsserviee, *
they have made some recognition of tire claim of
the master. 1 know of no other law than that. I ,
do not know the extent to which the Department
has gone in that respect. I take it, to a very lim-
ited one.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand that
anything has been paid up to this time to any
master as a consideration for losing the services
of his slave. I only understand that they are in
the process of being paid; that arrangements are
being made to compensate the owner. It occurred
to me that that should not be done without a law
authorizing it at any rate; and I, for one, am op-
posed to having a law for it. But as the matter
hangs in suspense and doubt, and as some-think
they have law for it and some think they have
not, I suggest to the chairman of the Military
Committee to fix it in the law, and fix it here and
now. This is the time and this is the place to
settle that question; and let us-'know and have
the Senate decide the question whether they are
to be compensated or not.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that this bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK. What for?
Mr. GRIMES. I want to amend it and to look
into it. I had no idea of it comir.g up to-day. We
had an understanding that the special order was
to come up immediately after the morning busi-
ness.. I make the motion to postpone.
Mr. POWELL. If it is in order, I move to
strike out the third section of this bill. If the
Senator from Iowa wishes to move to postpone
the bill, I will waive my motion, and will make
it to-morrow when the bill shall come up. How-
ever, I will make the motion now, and it can be
entered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to post-
pone takes precedence of the motion to amend.
The Senator from Iowa moves to postpone the
further consideration of this bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representative's,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 143) to amend the law prescribing
the articles to be admitted into the mails (jf the
United States; and it received the signature of the
Vice President.
EXCHANGE OF PRISONERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Kentucky is now in
order, calling for correspondence between the au-
thorities of the United States and the rebels in
reference to the exchange of prisoners. It comes
up regularly in order in the morning hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope a vote will be taken on
that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of tlie United States be, and
he 1;. hereby, reque&tcd to lurnish the Senate with a copy
of all tlie cmrespondence between tlic authorities of the
United States and the rebel authorities on the pxclmnjic
of pnsoners, and tlie different propositions connected with
that fcubjoct.
Mr. WILSON. I think that had better lie over
until to-morrow morning.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the resolution will
not lie over, but that we shall take it up and pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
before the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think if the resolution is
to pass it ought to be amended, and directed to the
President of the United States if in his opinion
not incompatible with the public interest, in the
usual form. I move that amendment, to insert
" if not incompatible with the public interest."
Mr. DAVIS. I think the addition suggested by
