2312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ma j 17,
raised against me to have been overruled by the
solemn judgment of the House, and that the prin-
ciple in my case had been definitively settled, I
became a candidate for reelection, was elected by
a large majority, and appeared here on the first
day of the session to take my seat, never dream-
ing that the Clerk of the last House (Mr. Eth-
eridge) would hesitate to place my name on his
list of members elect—for I had presented a clear
certificate of election, and had moreover been per-
sonally assured by him that my name was ac-
tually on his printed lists, my certificate of elec-
tion being (as he said) all right—and still less con-
ceiving it possible that the House, after the action
of the last session, could for a moment hesitate
over my admission. And yet how stands the
case? The Clerk, at a very late hour, thought
fit to erase my name from the list on which he had
put it, and this House, instead of standing by the
decision of the last Congress, fairly and dispas-
sionately made, has again kept me outside from
early December till the summer solstice is almost
upon us. In other words, though you admitted
me the last session with a vote of only three coun-
ties of my district and a vote of 559, now, when
I come here with the vote of four counties and a
vote of 3,300—more than twice larger now than
then—your committee tell me I have no right to
a seat; and while you admitted the 559 loyal voters
who sent 'me here the last Congress to represent-
ation on this floor, you now deny it to the 1,300
whosent me to the present Congress! And what,
sir^s most remarkable and not a little mortify-
ing, many of my old colleagues who voted to let
me in in 1862 refuse to admit me in 18G4!
Such are, briefly, the facts of the ease; and 1
ask the House to bear them in mind while i pro-
ceed to demonstrate, as I am"confident I can, my
title to theseat I claim. Of my ri^httoit on pre-
cedent, on principle, on law, on justice, and on
public policy, I have no more doubt than I have
of my right to my share of the sunlight of heaven.
And if my good friend from Massachusetts, the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, will hut
give me a patient hearing, (as i am sure he will,)
1 am not without hope of convincing him, not
only that the conclusion ofhis report is erroneous,
but that, on the very principles of his own report,
I am entitled to a seat in this body.
1 rejoice, Mr. Speaker, that this case comes up
now disembarrassed of all complications. Tt is
ad muted m the committee's report that there is
such a political organization as the State of Vir-
ginia, an admission for which I heartily thank
them, for even that has been questioned in some
high quarters; that there is such a dishictaa the
fiist congiessioiml district of Virginia, duly laid
off under an apportionment by the census of I860;
that the election was regularly held at the times
and the places appointed by law; and that 1 have
a proper certificate of election from the officer
charg.-d by law to grant it. So that there is but
a single point in the case to be considered, so far
as the committee's report is concerned, ami that
point is, that till the ioyal voters of the district
not having had an opportunity of leaching the
polls, I cannot be said to be their choice, and
therefore should not be udmiued, for it is possible
(they say) that some other person might have
been preferred as Representative. I think 1 have
fairly stated the point in the committee's report,
and on that point I take issue with them, i main-
tain exactly the reverse of the committee's reas-
oning: that both principle and precedent are
against the conclusion of the committee, and in
favor of my admission.
I hold, first, that under a precedent long ago
set, (as far back as the year IS'IG,) it is not com-
petent for this House even to inquire whether or
why any of the voteis of my disti ict, orany other
district, were absent from the polls. 1 refer to the
case of Biddle and llichaid vs. Wing, (Contested
Elections m Congress, p. 504,) in winch it was
charged by one of the claimants, Jliehaid, thata
sufficient number of his friends had been intimi-
dated from voting to defeat his election; in other
words, ihat but for actual intimidation practiced
at the polls a sufficient number of his fuemis
would have voted that did not vote to have given
him a mnjpf ity of the votes cast, and thus elected
him. _ It was ruled that this inquiry could not be
gone into at all, I quote from the case;
"The committee are of opinion that the duty as<lgnod
to them does not impose on ihun an eAauuaauon ot the
causes which may have prevented any candidate from get-
ting a sufficient number of votes to entitle iiim to a seat.
They consider it is only required of them to ascertain who
had the greatest number of votes actuaily given at the elec-
tion.53
And again:
" The iaw appoints a particular time and place for the
expression of the public voice ; and when that time is past
it is too late to inquire who did not vote orthe reason why.
The only question now to be determined is, for whom the
greatest number of the legal votes have been given.
And further:
" In all cases of contested elections, where the question
depends upon matters of fact, much difficulty is to be ex-
pected in coming to a decision; and, where there is rea-
son for doubts, a disposition is often felt to return it to the
people. This., however, ought not to be done when it is
possible to ascertain what the result has been. When a 
people, in the exercise of their constitutional rights, have
gone through with the process of an election, aecoidmg to
the presenbed uiles, they ought not to be dopuved of the
advantages accruing theiefrombut for the mo>t substantial
reasons. No doubts which aie capable of being solved
ought to be permitted to operate against them. Indeed,
nothing short of the impossibility ot asceitainmgfor whom
the majority of the votes have been given ought to vacate
an election ; more especially if by such decision the peo-
ple must, on account of their distant and dispersed sittia;
tion, necessarily be uniepiesented for a long period oftimn.
The committee, being of opinion that in this ease an ejec-
tion has- been made, have ptocecded to asceuain on whom
the choice lias fallen."
Now, if ever a principle was set out with a
pencil of light, here it is; and what is it? It is
this: that so important is the elective privilege
that an election should never be set aside except
when there is an absolute impossibility of ascer-
taining where the majority of the votes actually
given lies; that so vital is the right of representa-
tion in popular government, that it shall never be
lost where it is possible to maintain it; that those
who do go to the polls shall not be deprived of
the benefits of the inestimable privilege by those
who do not go or could not go; that, no matter
how many me absent from the polls, those who
are not absent shall come in for freedom's great
vital right of representation; and that however
great the absence may be it shall not be taken
into account, so as to interfere with the rights of
non-absentees, unless there has been sucil gen-
eral fraud or corruption as would vitiate the whole
election. Tins is the principle laid down by the
committee of 1S26, and it is a sound one; it is
founded preeminently in reason and in wisdom; it
institutes no superfluous inquiry; it is plain and
incapable of perversion; it raises the simple and
disembarrassing questions, who did vote, and who
received the greatest number of votes given; an
inquiry sufficient, where there is no absolute and
general fraud, for all the practical and useful ends
of the elective franchise; it preserves to us unim-
paired that essential principle of all free govern-
ment, that taxation and representation should be
"now and forever one and insepaiable*," and it
is deep-founded in the certainty and purity of the
elective franchise, two qualities without which
the privilege were as worthless dross. It dis-
closes a rule which, from its simplicity and con-
sequent incapability of fraudulent peiversion, is
suited for all times and all circumstances; for times
of high pai ty excitement and times of political
quiet; for times of degeneracy and times of lus-
trous virtue; for " piping tunes of peace" and
dark times of " gnm-visaged war." And the best
evidence of its soundness is that it is recognized
in the election laws of every State in the Union,
and has been from the very birth-hour ofthe CJnion
to this bleeding hour of civil strife.
Now, 1 ask my clear-headed friend from Mas-
sachusetts why he should not apply this philo-
sophical reasoning of the Congress of 1826 tomy
constituents and their humble Representative ? is
there not a peculiar and even touching applica-
bility to their case? Sir, it looks to me as if the
committee of the Nineteenth Congress had seen
far down the vista of time, and, glancing with pro-
phetic ken at the dark scenes of this unhappy re-
bellion, had fixed up (if 1 may so speak) a set of
maxims fnrourguidance m the very case before us.
Is not the "elective privilege as important" to
1 my constituents as to any other people? Have
: they not, h'ke yours, Speaker, and those of
1 other Delegates here, need for a Representative?
1 Iluve they no lights to be shielded,no interests to
be watched aftei ?
Sir, when the people of my district went to the
polls, were they not there "in the exercise of
their constitutional rights ?" and did they not" go
through with the process of the election accord-
ing to the prescribed rules?" The committee ad-
mit all this. Why, then, (to apply the just senti-
ment of the committee of the Nine teen thCongress,)
" should they be deprived of the advantages ac-
cruing therefrom?"
And then, if you say that the votes of those
loyal men who could go and did go to the polls
shall go for nothing, do you not disfranchise all
the loyal men of the district " of representation
for a long period of time"—at least until this
cruel war is over?"
And is there any doubt who received thegreat-
est number of votes, and was, therefore, elected ?
The committee make no such pretension. I say,
therefore, that, an election having been made,and
the result having been ascertained beyond cavil,
this House, on the principle of stare decisis, has
no just authority to do anything but ascertain
" on whom the choice has fallen," and that, con-
sequently, it has no right to open the question of
who was absent from the polls, or of the reasons
of the absence.
I might here rest my case, and demand my seat
on the precedent set for our imitation by our pre-
decessors of a golden era. But, as a rule is to be
set for all time-, I cannot forbear to look for a mo-
ment, by way of contrast, into the soundness of
the one commended to us by the present com-
mittee, of inquiring into the number of absentees
and the causes of absence, as a means of ascer-
taining the popular choice. Can any one fail to
perceive that this modern rule—one of the off-
springs of this hated rebellion—is utterly unre-
liable? Sir, you must either require the whole
vote of a district to be out or wi„thin reach of the
polls, or you must take the majority of the votes
castas an exponent of choice, or you may not
hit the choice. I will illustrate by two of the very
cases referred to in the report of the committee as
illustrative of the soundness of its position. First,
the case of Mr. Clements, of Tennessee: Mr.
Clements received in all the counties of his dis-
tnct !3,000 votes outof the usual vote of G,0G0, one
county, Warren, in rebel occupation, not voting.
Now, who knows but that if this county of War-
ren had voted there would have been a majority
against Mr. Clements? And so in the case of Mr.
llahn, of Louisiana: he received in his district
2,799 votes, all others 2,319, a difference of less
than five hundred. Butthe parishes of St. Mary's
and St. Martin's, being infested with rebel guer-
rilla bands, did not vote. Now non constat if
these two parishes had voted, that Mr. Halm
would have been elected at ail. The two parishes
might have put the majority against him. And
does not this show that the moment you begin to
look into the matter of absWit voters you may
mifss the object you aim at, to wit, the ascertain-
ment of the popular choice, and that there is but one
safe and certain rule, to wit, that which has been
adopted by every State in the Union, of takinga
majority or the greatest number of votes actually
cast, without regard to absentees at all?
Sir, there is no other sound rule, and the proof
of it is, that the moment you departed from the
good old practice which has prevailed from the
foundation ofthe Government until this rebellion
began, of adopting the majority of the cast vote
as the test of election, and relying on the official
returns of the proper State officeis as conclusive
until fraud is alleged and proved, you involved
yourselves in confusion, uncertainty,ehiftingde-
cisions, and endless labor for your Committee of
Elections, and the sooner you return to the old
system the sooner you will place the elective
franchise on the most respectable and the securest
basis, and the sooner you will take from the Com-
mittee of Elections the stone of Sisyphus, which
it has been heaving up the mountain from the
fiist moment that this innovation on the elective
principle and the old practice began.
My friend fiom Massachusetts, I know, will
answer this argument and all others militating
against his peculiar theory by saying that each
llouse of Congress is the judge of the returns,
qualifications, and elections of its members.
True; and under that province this" House may
eject any member of the body, however legally
elected, and there would be no rcdiess except by
another appeal to the people, and then another
ejection might ensue, and so on, until a bate quo-
rum would be left: so that this admitted function
of Congtess is to be exercised with a sound dis-
cretion, intelligently, rationally, honestly, not
