1336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March. 2%
INDEMNIFICATION OP MISSOURI.
Mr. ELA1R, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs a bill to indemnify the State of Mis-
souri for expenses incurred in the defense of the
United States; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
PAY AND EMOLUMENTS OF ARMY OEFIC®KS.
Mr. SCHENCK,from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 302, to amend sec-
tion nine of an act approved July 17, 1862, en-
titled "An act to define, the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Army, and for other pur-
poses;" and moved that they be disagreed to,
and that the House ask for a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Garfield, Odell, and Smith-
ers as the managers of said conference oil its part.
CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. SCIIENCK, from the same committee,
moved that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the Na-
tional Club of Philadelphia, praying Congiessto
establish a military system by which citizens shall
beenlistcd for military duty and substitution shall
be avoided; which motion was agreed to,and the
memorial was laid upon the table.
AMENDMENTS TO TUB CONSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in or-
der to be amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, 1110 veil by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Sti.vions] yesterday, on which the
previous question had been demanded.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 understand
.several gentlemen desire to consider this subject
more deliberately, and 1 have no objection to ihat
course, being pursued. 1 therefore move that its
further consideration be postponed for two weeks,
after the morning hour.
Mr. HOLM AN. 1 aslc the gentleman from
Pennsylvania (o allow his joint lesolutioii to be le-
fern d £o the Commitu e oi'the Whole on thestnte
of the Union, to u more fpee consideration of the
subject.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps when it comes to
be considered we may do so. For tin1 present I
desire to have Us I'm ther consideration postponed
for two weeks,
• The motion was agreed to.
Mr. .SCOl-'IELD. 1 ask unanimous consent
of the House lor leave to record my vote against
the rejection of the joint lesolutioii. I supposed
yesteulay 1 was paind with my colli ague, but
since then 1 have found I hat I was not.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 also ask unanimous consent
of the House to record my vote against the rejec-
tion of ihe w.une |oint resolution.
There was 110 objection; and It was ordered
accordingly.
Mi-. HOLMAN. My colleague [Mr. Mc-
tiVKl.t.j was absent yesterday by leave of the
nisi-, and is paired with some member on the
other side. 1 f he bad ben piesent he would have
voii-d for the rejf elion of the joint resolution.
Mr. A.WOrtA. My colleague [Mr. Stiles]
is paiifit with the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. AI vkh\.] If he had been present he would
have voted ill l.ivor of the rejection of the joint
resolution.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to lecoul my vote in favor of the re-
jection of the joint resolution.
There1 was no objection, and it was ordered
ticcordingly.
Mr. COM3. I wish to state that my colleague
[Mr. McIndok] was paired with the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. DcDoweli,;] and that if he
had been present he would have voted against the
rejection or the joint resolution.
'The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
to-day and fo-monow had been set aputt i'or re-
ports fiom the Committee on Naval Affairs.
ACTING ASSISTANT i'AI .MAST/IitS.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mitteo ott Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill
No. 108, relating to acting assistant paymasters
in the Navy and regulating the appointment of
cadets in the Naval Academy; which was or-
dered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ing read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by whitth the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQUALIZATION OF GRADE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, also, from the
same committee, reported back House bill No.
303, to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
and equalize the grade of line officers of the Uni-
ted States Navy," approved July 16, 1862, with
amendments in the nature of a substitute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I shall occupy but a few moments in stating the
proposition contained in this bill. It is for the
purpose of regulating and changing iu some par-
ticulars the method of making promotions among
officers in the naval service of the United States.
The present practice is to promote officers in ac-
cordance with the seniority in the date of their
commissions, so that there is very little oppor-
tunity under the present system for a meritorious
officer to make liis conduct help in the line of his
advancement.
- This bill abrogates the rule ofabsolute seniority
so far as promotion is concerned, and requires that
no naval officer below the grade of commodore
shall be promoted until he has passed an exam-
ination in respect to his mental, moral, profes-
sional, and physical fitness to perform at sea the
duties of the grade to winch it is proposed to pro-
mote him; the examination respecting the first
three particulars mentioned to be by aboard of
examiners lo be appointed by the President of the
United States and of senior rank to the officer to be
examined, anil the physical examination to be by
a board of naval surgeons. The general exam-
inations are to be open, and the officer to he ex-
amined may state his own ease in person and
offer witnesses and other testimony. Tliw state-
ment and the testimony of witnesses and any mat-
ter pertinent to each case on the records of the
Navy Department with the finding of the exam-
ining board are to be submitted to the President
of tiie United Stales for his approval or disap-
piovai of the finding.
It is believed that if this bill passes and these
examinations are instituted nnd become the law
and Ihe pr.-ietie.e, the result will be to secure, first,
much greater efficiency in the naval service than
exists at the present lime, and also to doawoy to
a considerable extent those jealousies, heart-burn-
ings, and charges of favoritism which now dis-
tract the service and injuie the operations of the
Department.
The second featureofthe bill is the providingofa
remedy for the actum of the advisory board, which
has been deemed necessary and found lobe neces-
sary under the operation uf the plan of promoting
by seniority only. It has been found that officers
entirely unlit for responsible duty, cither on ac-
count of their natural incapacity or on accountof
some othi ■run fitness, some disability, have choked
up not only the high places, the duties of which
they were unfit to perform, but they have also
| choked up the avenues to those places so as to
> shut out meritorious ofllecis below them in the
| line. To lemedy this difficulty advisory boards
i have from time to time bt en established, wlm have
I taken a list of naval officeis and selected therefrom
I mi h as in their opinion were deemed fit for pro-
motion to the highest grade.
The action of these boards has been in some
cases somewhat unnecessarily arbitrary. The
last Congress, by the fourth section of the act of
i July 36, 1W()2, provided for the establishment of an
! advisory board of this kind. That boaid was
\ formed under the direction of the Secretary of the
! Navy, and pioc'tded to revise the list of the line
! officers of the Navy, and to repoi t such as in their
i opinion were suitable for promotion to the higher
; grades. The eifi ct of this was to fill up all the
| places in tlv. Navy to which promotions could be
\ made, with those officers whom the boaid recom-
! mended, and virtually to set aside altogether those
! officers of the Navy who were Hot recommended
I by this board for promotion.
The sittings of this board were secret; the offi-
cers who were passed upon had no opportunity
to appear in person or by counsel, or to submit
any testimony or to make any statement what-
ever, nor were they apprised of the decision m
their respective cases until the proceedings of the
board were made public. And when the pro-
ceedings were made public, the board simply an-
nounced the result to which they bad come with-
out giving any reason whatever which had led to
the conclusions they had reachcd. While it is
no doubt true that in the main the action of that
board was just and proper, yet it is believed that
in some instances injustice was done to some mer-
itorious officers; and in a multitude of other cases
there was room for officers to enter complaints
against the action of this board and to appeal to
their friends, to the Department, and to Congress
for relief from the decisions of that board.
The Navy Committees of both Houses of Con-
gress have their tables piled up with petitions for
lelief from the action of the advisory board from
those officers who were not recommended by it
for promotion to the highest grades. Now the
fifth section of this bill provides that officers not
recommended for promotion by the last advisory
board shall have an opportunity to have their
cases revised and rejudged by the examining
boards which are provided for in this bill, and
that m case the decision of the two boards shall
be confirmatory of the action of the advisory-
board, then those officers shall be retired anil
placed out of the line of actual service. But if,
on the contrary, these two boards shall rescind
the action of the advisory board, then those offi-
cers who have been unjustly displaced shall be
restored to the same rank and grade to which they
would have been entitled if they had been recom-
mended by the advisory board.
The sixth section provides that any meritori-
ous officer in the naval service who shall distin-
guish himself for extraordinary heroism or con-
duct in battle may be advanced thirty numbers in
the grade to which he belongs, thereby giving
him an earlier chance for promotion.
The seventh section of the substitute provides
for the appointment of fleet engineers and fleet
paymasters, a grade of officers which has become
necessary by the greatly increased numbers of
naval vessels, and the extended duties of the ser-
vice. Heretofore each vessel has reported by its
chief engineer and by its paymaster directly to
the Department and depot of naval supplies. That
could be conveniently done in time of peace, but
when the number of vessels in a squadron becomes
very great, forty, fifty, orpossibly a hundred, that
practice of referring, by the respective officers of
each vessel, to the Department and to the naval
station on shore, was found to be too complicated
and hazardous. It has therefore been found ne-
cessary to appoint fleet engineers who shall have
charge of all the machinery and tools of the ves-
sels of the fleet or squadron to which he is at-
tached; and in like manner to appoint a fleet pay-
master who shall exercise a general supervision
over all the accounts of the paymasters of the
several vessels of the respective fleets, who shall
take account of all provisions and other supplies
belonging to that department, who shall make
requisitions from the shore station, and return
the accounts of the fleet to the Secretary of tha
Navy or to the Fourth Auditor of the Treasury,
and perform all other duties belonging to that
kind ofscivice.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will tho
gentleman state the number of these fleet paymas-
ters that will have to be appointed should this bill
become a law?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The number
will depend, of course,upon the number of fleets
and squadrons that we have in the service, but it
will probably be not more than twenty-one. Tha
committee will report another bill, if I shall have
the opportunity to do so, by which the number
will be limited to twenty-one.
I believe, sir,l have stated the substancc of the
bill, and 1 now call tho previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and tha
main question ordered.
The substitute reported from the Committee on
Naval Affairs was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
