1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
ion to the contrary entitled to be considered as
authority, but, as far as any opinion has been ex-
pressed, it has been in accordance with that prece-
dent.
In the case of Smith, whojn it was proposed to
expel from the Senate upon the ground that he
had been a party (o the treason in which Aaron
Burr was concerned, the report of the committee,
which concluded with a resolution that it was
good cause for expulsion-^-a report drawn by
Mr. Adams with the power which always distin-
guished him; anxious, too, as he was, as is ap-
jparent/rom the report itself, to bring about the
expulsion of the Senator—yet admits, if I under-
stand it, that the power of impeachment did not
exist.. Mr. Adams labored to show, therefore,
that the only way in which the Senator could
be gc^ten rid of was by exercising the power to
expel conferred by a (Liferent clause in the Con-
stitution, and that to do that two thirds were ne?
cessary; and because two thirds were necessary,
the proposition contained in the resolution re-
ported by him failed. But'in that report, after
speaking of the great necessity that there was and
will be daring all time to rid the Senate of a man
who has committed a crime such as was imputed
to Smith, and such as he believed to have been
satisfactorily proved, and such as a majority of
the Senate believed to have been satisfactorily
proved, he maintainstherightto effect that object
by expulsion, because, as he says:
"In the midst of all this anxious providence of legisla-
tive virtue it lias not authorized the constituent body to
recall m any ease its representative. It lias not buhjccted
iwm to removal by impeachment."
And in the Commentaries of Mr. Justice Story,
to be found in the second volume fiom section sev-
en hundred and eighty-nine to seven hundred and
ninety-three inclusive—I cite the sections because
all the editions correspond as to the sections—he
admits almost in terms that a Senator or Represent-
ative is not within the impeaching clause of the
Constitution, and he gives his reasons; and he not
only is of opinion that he is excluded from that
clause, but that he was properly excluded upon
principles of policy which, in his judgment, wete
sound; that the independence of the Senate and of
the House, the necessity ofplacingthem in a condi-
tion in which they could not be affected by the ac-
tion of any dominant majoiity required that they
should be held responsible alone to their imme-
diate constituents, the people in the one case, and
.the people represented by the Legislatures in the
other, or to the mere power of the Senate or of
the House toexpel. Hegoeson to say that from
the decision in Blount's case up to the time when
he was penning these Commentaries itsccms to be
the received construction of that clause in the Con-
stitution that it excludes, because it does not in-
clude, Senators and Representatives; and I say
with him that it is well that it is so, as I think.
Jn times of high party excitement, when the pas-
sions are uppermost and the reason subdued,acts
of political outrageare often perpetrated pregnant
with obvious mischief to the couutry; and it is
especially proper as illustiated by the condition
in which we find ourselves.
Perhaps there are no two Senators on this floor
who concur upon all the questions of (he day;
there are no two Senators upon this floor who
concur in the proper construction to be given to
the most important clauses of the instrument.
There are some Senators on the floor who would
refuse to exert their duty as citizens, provided the
Constitution shall beimperative in relation to one
of the clauses of that instrument. I forbeai to
designate Senators. Now, what would have been
said, when the Senate consisted of gentlemen
wholly unlike in one respect to a large majority
of the present body, if not to the whole, if, in
- relation to the slavery question and the various
"questions which grew out of the discussion of the
slavery question, in which some of the Senators
,on this floor expressed opinions which, as they
thought, were not loyal to the Government, a
resolution had been offered to require them in the
future not only to swear that they would pursue
a different eouise hereafter, but that they never
had pursued such a course in the past? Would
not every gentleman have said that that would
have been an outrage on the freedom of debate,
an outrage on the conscientious discharge of duty
by a Senator? A Senator, like every individual
• in the land, has a right to his own political opin-
ion, subject only to the laws, civil or-*criminal.
If the expression of any opinion does wrong to
the individual right of a citizen, the courts are"
open for redress. If it be made criminal by any
criminal statute which the United States has an
authority to pass, he may be punished; but in 110
other way. For what we say in debate here it
was the purpose of the Constitution to provide
that we shall be responsible nowhere.' What an
idle provision it would have been if, while deny-
ing the existence of any responsibility, for words
spoken or opinions expressed here, outside of the
Senate, we were responsible to the Senate and
could be expelled from-the Senate, not because
of any act, not because of any moral crime, but
merely because of the expression of an opinion
upon a constitutional question whi'ch the Senator
who may have expressed it conscientiously en-
tertained'.
But further, to proceed with the question, let
us consider it as now for the first time before the
Senate. Is a Senator a civil officer? The lan-
guage of thq statute in that respect is precisely
the same as is the language of the clause provid-
ing for impeachments in the Constitution itself.
What "civil officer" means hi the one,the same
term means in the other. Let me call the atten-
tion of Senators, not at length, but very briefly,
to such clauses as I suppose bear upon the par-
ticular question. The question for us to decide
is, is a Senator or a Representative.™ the other
House the occupant of a civil office, or a civW
officer within the meaning of the Constitution ? I
say he is not. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamer] says, but did no,t attempt to prove it
as far as I heard, that he is. The sixth section
of the firstarticle of the Constitution contains this
provision:
iCo Senator orRepiesentative s-hsill, during the time for
which he was elected, he appointed to any civil office un-
der tlte authority of the United States."
Now, stopping there, as we see, the words
" Senator or Representative," or the Senator or
the Representative, is spoken of in contradistinc-
tion to every other office. If it had hern in the
view of the Convention to place, with reference to
this clause, Scnatois and Representatives upon
the same footing with all others, and according to
their view they were civil officers, then all that
would have been necessary would be.to say that
no one during the tunc for which he holds his
office shall be appointed to any other office. Such
is not the language. The prohibition is upon the
Senator 01*Representative in that character, not as
an officer, not as holding a civil office, but in his
character of Senator or Representative as contra-
distinguished from a civil office, according to the
terms of the Constitution; and it therefore pro-
vides, as they were obliged to' provide, if their
meaning was, as I suppose it to have been, that
he should not be appointed to any civil office.
But the conclusion of the paragraph makes it,
as 1 think, still more obvious:
"And 110 person holding any office uuder the United
States e-hali foe a member of either House during his con-
tinuance in office.*'
Now, what is the meaning of the term " holding
'any office" as here used? Is it that the word
" office" was used for the purpose of including a
Senator or Representative? Then the provision
would have been absurd, because as Senator or
Representative he is then holding an office. Was
it the purpose to say that he should not hold any
other office? If it had been, and they considered
a Senator or Representative as the incumbent of
an office, then the provision would have been that
he should not hold any other office under the Uni-
ted States. But the provision being that he shall
not hold any office under the United States, as I
think conclusively demonstrates that, in the view
of the Convention, the term 44 office" was not de-
signed to include a Senator or Representative; and
for the same reason the term "Senator or Repre-
sentative" was not intended to include the same
thing as the term "office;" in other words, that
in the judgment of the Convention the two wete
entirely separate.
But that is not the only clause. The eighth
clause of the ninth scction of the first article pro-
vides:
" And no person holding any office of profit or trust under
then), shall, without the consent of the Congress, accept of
any present," 2cc.
Drawing a distinction, as? think, evidently be-
tween the Congress of the United States* the Sena-
tors and Representatives who constitute the Com
gress of the United States, and those wno hold
offices under the appointing power which the Gov*
ernmentcontains. , x
But again, sir, the second paragraph in the first
Section of the second article contains a clause '
which is pregnant with instruction upon this ques-
tion: ' -
"Each State shall appoint, in such foanner as the tegls*
lature thereof may direct, a number of electors equal to the
whole number of Senators and Representatives to which
the State may be entitled in the Congress; butnb Senator or •
Representative, or person holdings office of trust or proftt
under the United States, shall be-appointed an elector."
Here, as in the former instance, the distinction
is kept up, and the term " Seimtqr or Represent-
ative" is used not as equivalent to, or identical
with, the term "person .folding an office," but
as standing in a different relation to the Govern-
ment, and Senatois and Representatives are inf
eluded in the disqualification—no ingenuity can
suggest a differentreason—because,in the opinion
of the Convention, if they had not been specially
mentioned they might have been electors. -
So, again, in (he second section of the same
article, it contains provisions for the appointment
of officers under- the United States. Jt says that
the President shall have power, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint "em-
bassadors, other public ministers and consuls,
judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers
of the United States."
.The third section provides that all officers of
the United States are to be commissioned by him.
The language of the concluding part of that sec-
tion beirtg—
"lie [the Pie^dent] shall talce care that the laws be
faithfully executed, and shall commission sill the officers of
the United States.55
Now, Mr. President, when we come to the im-
mediate succeeding section, which gives the power
to impe'ach, we find the language to be—
"The President, Vice President, and all civil officers of
the United States, shall he removed fromofficc 011 impeach-
ment."
.Why wore the President and Vice President
included in this impeaching clause? What was
the necessity for it? If it be true that they were
civil officers, why would it not have been suffi-
cient to say, "All civil officers of the United States
shall be removed from office 011 impeachment?"
Can any other reason be given than thM which I
have suggested in relation to the other clauses;
that it was because the Convention did notesteefti
the President and Vice President civil officers;
but intended by the term " civil officers," as here
found, to exclude all who are not appointed offi-
cers under the Constitution; and because tjie Pres-
ident of the United States is elected by the people,
and the Vice President is elected by the people,
and it was desirable, upon grounds of public pol-
icy, to subject them to the impeaching powers of
Congress, they are inserted; but the inserlio unius
est exclusio alterius is a familiar rule of interpreta-
tion. Theirinsertion demonstrates that m the in-
tendment of the Convention they were not civil
officers, and the omission to insert Senators and
Representatives in the same clause demonstrates
that it was not the purpose of the Convention to
subject Senators or Representatives to the same
clause; and we can very readily, as I think, see
the reasons for the distinction.
How do we get here? By any appointment
under the Governmentof the United States? Cer-
-tainly not. We owe our appointment to our re-
spective State Legislatures by the very terms of
the Constitution, and we could notdenveit fiom
any other quarter. How do the Representatives
get into the opposite Chamber? By the election
of the people, and in no other way. They are
therefore a part of the Government, to administer
the Government, holding their offices paramount
to the Government,bya title superiorto anything
to be found in the Constitution which creates the
Government, and they are intended to be respons-
ible only to the'appointing power—the Legisla-
tures in the first case, the constituents of Senators;
and the people in the other case, the constituents
of the members.
What is the Senate of the United States? (s
each member of the Senate the Senate? Certainly
not. In what, then, does the Senate consist?
What is it? It is a body of men; (and so of the
House;) numerous because obliged to be numer-
