1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&13
arbitrarily. Then, sir, holding this power by the
tenure of sound discretion and not arbitrary ca-
price, ought Congress so to exercise it as to sub-
vert one of the noblest principles of American
freedom, and more especially when under our
Federal system there can be no extinction of a
State except in the mode prescribed by the Con-
stitution, and when, of course, the principle of
representation must survive wherever there is a
loyal population to vote? And until Congress
^shall intervene and take charge of this whole sub-
ject of elections, as it may rightfully'do, ought
not the State laws and State usages to prevail and
control? Ought not, at least, this small respect
to be paid to State rights and State dignity?
Ought you, in the absence of United States laws,
to go behind the State laws and State returns?
Resume, if you please, your rightful control over
Federal elections, but so- long as you leave this
matter of elections to the States, respect them and
the regulations which you yourselves invited them
to adopt. And does not my friend from Massa-
chusetts perceive that if we establish the modern
practice of opening the whole subject of elections
m each case without regard to State laws and
State returns, there is danger that, in times of
high party excitement and of demoralization, a
broad margin maybe left for political intrigue, and
seats in Congress be givet; out and taken away
by arbitrary party requirement? And does he
not see the necessity, yea, the high policy, of not
departing from the established precedents in this
important matter of elections? Sir, in no inter-
est of society is stability more necessary than in
that of elections. Stability is indispensable there;
and I will add that it is more necessary in refer-
ence to the elective franchise than n is to the in-
stitution of property itself, because the elective
franchise is the source of the rights of property,
and of every personal right, and not only the
source, but the shield. I am looking ahead to the
time when we may not have a Committee ofElec-
tions composed of as able and as honorable men
as those of the present committee.
Now, I ask my friend from Massachusetts, in
all respect, if this precedent of the days of yore—
those pure and happy days of the Republic, the
days of the second Adams, whose administration
was a bright era of our land, and was as faultless
and pure as that of Washington himself—is not
one that comes to my relief on the present occa-
sion, entitling me to a scat with him in this Hall}
In the face of this precedent, can he do anything
more than inquire whether I had, or had not, the
majority of the legal votes cast?
But, sir, leaving this precedent out of view, are
there no other precedents to entitle me to mem-
bership in this body? I marvel much, Mr. Speak-
er, that the Committee of Elections, while they
were looking up the precedents and declaring that
all precedent was against me, did not think of one
of very recent origin, and perfectly in point, the
case in the last Congress, of the unlucky individ-
ual whom you have so long kept out in the cold,
my humble self. I can only account for the omis-
sion by the fact that 1 was so silent and obscure
a member that gentlemen have actually forgotten
that I was a member at all. And so, sir, I crave
leave to refresh the recollection of the House, and
to remind it (as the Journal will show) that I was
a veritable member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, and that I obtained my scat in the very
teeth and in defiance of the very principle on
which the committee now seek to exclude mo,
and on the very state of facts now existing. My
friend from Massachusetts will say, I suppose,
that his committee, being unable to agree, did not
make report of the specific objection now taken,
and so asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, leaving the House to
decide the matter for itself. True, sir, but the
committee reported the facts of the ease, as m the
present instance, leaving the House to decide the
principle, and to apply it, without regard to any
opinion of the committee, and the House did de-
cide and apply it.
After stating that but three out of seventeen coun-
ties voted, and but one precinct in one of those
three, the committee give the following results:
Total vote ca^t   «... ,
For Joseph   of>9 :l
For Arlhut Watson     4**3 I
All otlieis 21 J!
Making my majority over Watson 151. H
In the present case the committee report twenty
counties as composing my district, and a vote in
four counties only, as follows:
In Aceomac    3,120
Northampton      305
Elizabeth City and York  242
Total number of votes    1,667
Of these Mr. Segar received about 1,300 votes.
The only material difference is that in the first
election seventeen counties composed the dis-
trict, and only three voted; while in the late elec-.
tion twenty counties, under the new apportion-
ment, formed the district, and only four voted.
So that there is no substantial difference, in prin-
ciple, in the two-cases.
True, the addition of three counties to thedis;
trict increases its population, but that addition is
more than offsetted by the increase in the aggre-
gate vote cast and the increase of my own vote in
the last election over the first.
The able chairman of the committee will argue,
I can foresee, that this case of mine is not a prece-
dent. He will tell you that when it was up in the
last Congress he declared that the House might,
without interfering with any position of the com-
mittee, either admit or reject me. But I hold it
to be indisputable that the House in admitting me
did so either as matter of personal compliment or
on principle.
But it could not well have been on personal
compliment; for I suppose that it is my hard
lot to be one of the least popular members that
ever sat in this body. That, however, is more
my misfortune than my fault; foran excessive in-
firmity ofvision, besides giving me an appearance
of almost clownish awkwardness and a seeming
stiffness, much disqualifies me for recognizing
faces and associating faces and names; and so, sir,
I am debarred the pleasuie of an extensive ac-
quaintance with the members of the House, which
1 deeply regret, for 1 know I am socially and per-
sonally much a loser by the exclusion inflicted
by this mfiimity.
So the House must have voted on principle,
and not on mere compliment. Well, sir, all i
have to say is, that ifyou voted on principle, stand
by it, for principle is a thing to be stood by; and
if you voted forme for compliment's sake, please
pay me the compliment once more, for I am as
worthy nowas then. The objection, then, thatix
taken to my admission now is the identical one
that was in the mind of the House when 1 was
admitted in 1862, and which, by my admission"
then, was expressly overruled by a conclusive
vote. Nay, more. My ca;>e is far stronger now
than it was then. Then, but 1,018 votes were
cast in my district; now, there are near 1,700.
Then, I leceived only 559 votes; at the late elec-
tion, 1,300. So that while you gave my district
a Representative with a vote of just 1,000, you pro-
pose to deny it one with a vote of 1,700; and while
you awarded me my seat when I had only 559
votes, you talk of rejecting me when I received
1,300!
Now, sir, I do not mean to say whether con-
sistency is a jewel or not, or whether it is a rare
jewel, or one worth keeping bright; but this I do
aver, that my case was decided, and I think rightly
decided, when, on the 6th of May, 1862, I was
admitted a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, because then there could not have been a
single conceivable objection to my admission but
the one now urged—that the whole vote of my
district was not in reach of the polls. And I
maintain, further, that the faith of this House is
most solemnly plighted to yield me and my con-
stituents the seat«-ve claim. You ceymot reject
me without breaking your faith. Declaie mc
elected to one Congress and rule me outofanother,
when the punciple is identical, and the facts even
stronger in the last case than in the first! Is that
the way you keep sparkling the jewel of your
faith? Is that the way this honorable body, the
representative of the morals of the nation, cher-
ishes its consistency and Us honor? Is this the
example the. law-makers of a great and proud na-
tion are to set to the citizen masses? Invite me,
on the faith of your past action, into a most la-
botious and expensive canvass, and then turn
me adrift, to be the sport of the envious and ma- j
licious, and tin especial object ofconfedcrnte taunt! j
Sir, I trust this House will bring upon itself no ;
such leproach. Let it be just to itself and just I
to me, by reinserting my name on the list from
which the late Clerk so improperly struck it off.
But is there no other precedent of the same
purport? "Why, sir, my friend from Kentucky,
Mr. Casey, was allowed to take his Seat in the
Thirty-Seventh Congress with about seven hun-
dred votes, just about halfof my vote;"arid when,
as we are assured by an honorable gentleman
now a memberfrom thatState, [Mr'. Smith,] that
a considerable portion of Mr. Casey's district was
held by rebels, and could not reach the polls.
How is it, Mr. Speaker, that you "make fish of
one and flesh of another?" ,
I could bring up many other instances of gen-
tlemen reaching the honors of this floor who re-
ceived a very inconsiderable proportion of the
votes of their districts, but I have cited examples
enough to show that when the committee said
that the precedents are all against me they were
decidedly wrong. I insist that precedent, both
old and new, time-honored and recent,lights my
way to a seat in this body, as plain as the road
to the parish church. Indeed, after the vote of.
the last Congress in my favor, the question of my
admission is not now an open one. On the prin-
ciple of stare decisis it cannot be reopened. To
all intents and purposes it is res adjudicata.
But a large portion of my district being in rebel
possession, and not voting, the committee argue
that I cannot be said to be the choice of the loyal
voters'of it, for (may be) if the loyal men in the
counties in possession of the rebels had voted I
might not have had the majority. How did the
committee ascertain that there are any loyal men in
that portion of the district which is in the rebel
lines ? How do they know that there is one sin-
gle loyal man there? The presumption is that^
there are no loyal men there. When a portion
of a State rests under rebel rule, civil and mili-
tary, the presumption of common reason is that
all its people, or certainly most of them, are reb-
els;-for if they prefer the Government of the
Union to the rebel government why have they
not left the one and sought the other? There is
not a county of my district that is not in easy
reach of the stars and stripes; and there is not a
loyal man in any one of those counties that could
not in a few days put himself within the Federal
lines and the protection of the United States.
Why have they not left rebeldom and sought
protection under the old flag? I, for one, fled
from the one and sought the other. I had made
up my mind, immovably, that I would under no
circumstances live under treason's government;
•and so I fled from the very heart of rebeldom,
and fled, and fled on, until 1 caught sight of that
glorious flag which is power and strength and
protection wherever its proud folds are flung to
the breeze. If there are any loyal men in the
rebel-held portion of my district why did they
not, as others did, "come out from among the
wicked ?"
The argument, then, of the Committee of Elec-
tions, that I am not entitled to my seat be'eause
there was a greater portion of the loyal-men in the
rebel part of the district than in the loyal part of
it, is based altogether on a naked assumption. They
do not state an ascertained fact, but put forth only
an airy speculation. They assume what they
ought to prove. They forget that the onus pro-
bandi is on them. I come here, sir, with a proper
certificate of the proper returning officers of my
State, which raises at once the presumption that
I had all the votes necessary, both in quantity and
quality^ to elect me; and 1 come here also with
the presumption in my favor that all those in rebel
landsare rebels; and yet these presumptions, these
mnstrational presumptions, to the benefit of which
I am entitled asagainstany contestant, and indeed
against all the world, until legitimately repelled,
are to be rebutted and set aside, how? By facts
and proofs? JNo, sir, by another and an inferior,
less rational presumption—by a naked specula-
tion !
Now, sir, I am not much of a lawyer, but I
did iearn this principle in the elementary law-
books, that where a presumption arises in favor
of a party, that party is entitled to the benefit of
it until it is rebutted and the contrary made to
appear. Now, 1 ask, in all candor, have the
committee fairly and squarely rebutted the pre-
sumptions with which 1 come here in my favor?
1 am hue, as ljust said, with the presumption,
first, aiising fiotn a piopei certificate of election,
