1338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
third t]me; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PIKE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PIKE, the title was amended
to agree with the amendment in the body of the
bill.
WILLIAM WHEELER HUBBELL.
Mr. MGGRHEAD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back House joint resolu-
tion No. 51, relative to the claim for letters patent
of William Wheeler Hubbell.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, this joint res-
olution is reported from the majority of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, but I doubt much the
propriety of its passage. If the party has not
•the right to go before the Court of Claims 1 do
.not see why wc should do for him what we do not
do for others. If he has that right, why does he
not go there without this resolution? I am op-
posed to the resolution.
- • Mr. MOORHEAD. The preamble sets forth
the facts in the case.
Mr. ASHLEY. Let the joint resolution be re-
ferred to tho Committee of Claims:.
Mr. MOORTTEA D. I cannot agree to that.
Mr. ASIILEY. I move that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
Mr. MOOtUiEAD. The gentleman has not
the floor to make that motion. The papers which
this gentleman laid before the committee this year
and last year are very voluminous. The com-
mittee have looked at them somewhat carefully.
Tins bill srnds the ensr, to the Court of Claims,
and provides that that court shall investigate the
question whether this party is the patentee,
whether he is tho original inventor,and whether
he is entitled to any compensation, if they find
that lie is, they are to inquire what amount of
compensation he shall have. The shells j\re cer-
tainly very valuable, and if he is the inventor he
is entitled to compensation. If he is entitled to
compensation, the amount mi^ht be a very !aii;e
sum. Tin: eomniittcc have limited that, and the
court cannot Jind an amount exceeding$100,000.
The committee reported last yeru, and they re-
port this var again, and the question is now be-
ibie the House for its determination.
, Mr. ASMLKY. I do notknowhow thisclaim
got before the Naval Committer, but I do know
it was not properly referred. 1 am opposed to
passing the bill as it is reported by the committee
ibi tlje KMson that I will not consent to give the
Court ofCianns jui isdiction in a Mngle   ase where
they may, by their deeision, draw money, as 1
take it, oontiury to the Constitution of the (Jnited
States from the Treasury vvithonta fcpoeml act of
Cougiess in each ease. Now, sir, the proper
place for this gentleman to pieseut this claim
against the Government, if there isa claim against
us, is befoie the Committee of Chums of this
House. That committee is charged with guard-
ing tho special interest of the.Govornment, and to
see that justice, i* done to ejaunants.
Now, i do object to bringing m here, from va-
rious eommiUcox, claims, sorrm of winch are valid
and otleus which I know by peisonnl investiga-
tion to be invalid. I object to sending such eases
to the CourtofClaims, where the Government has
not sutiieient protection, where theie is no jury
to try the case, and where a majority of the court
may, if they choose,enter up judgmentto the full
amount to which they aie limited— which in this
case is ^100,000—without our knowing whether
the claim is just and proper or not,
I preler that the old policy of the Government
shall be adheted to, and that the Committees of
Claims m this House and the Senate, which are
created for the express purpose of passing upon
ail legitimate and honest claimaagainst this Gov-
ernment, shall have the examination of these eases,
shall ieport the facts to the House, and upon the
judgment of the House, recorded here, the man
having tho claim shall obtain his money out of
the Treasury. Certainly, m this system of legis-
lating we are introducing an entirely new policy—■
that of allowing a committee of this House, who
hare not tinie to examine a ease because of the
largo number of witnesses to he examined, to
sho\c the responsibility off* of themselves, and
send the case to a court end authorize it to diaw
hundreds and millions of dollars from theTrcas-
ury without ever submitting the case to Congress
to be passed upon by it. I call upon the members
of this House to look at these cases. We had
one or two of these cases here before, and I sat
quietly in my seat, preferring that older members
should take the lead in opposition to this policy,
but now I cannot sit here and allow this prece-
dent to be established. To secure a test rote of
the House I move that the report and accom-
panying bill be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. KELLEY. Like the gentleman who has
just taken his seat, I do not know how this mat-
ter got before the Committee on Naval Affairs;
but I do know it was referred to that committee
by the last Congress, and was reported upon by
that committee, though it was not finally actcd
on by the House. The ense grows out of a mat-
ter entirely connected with the business of the
Navy. The claim arises against the Naval De-
partment, and it seems to me that is the appro-
priate committee. It seems to have been the sense
of this House at an early day of this session, as
it did last Congress, to refer the matter to the
Naval Committee.
I know nothing of the special merits of this
case, but it happens that I know the claimant. I
have known him one hnlf of his life, and that
portion lias been devoted to the questions involved
in this clrfim—that of naval gunnery, shells, and
fuses. I know he was almost lost for a long se-
ries of years from the bar of Philadelphia, of
which ho was a member, by his devotion to this
matter; and I know that the experiments he made
attracted not only the attention of the community
at largo but of great numbers of naval men and
officers of our Army. Whether he has a just
claim or not 1 <?annot say. He holds patents from
the Government for shells: they are now used;
for fuses: they are now used; and 1 think that it
ih asking but a small favor from the Government,
which should try to deal justly with its own peo-
ple, that one of its own courts may investigate
the question and decide upon it.
We are drawing nenr, I trust, to the close of
the session, and I think great injustice will be
done to the clniaiant, who does not conic and ask
an appropriation but simply a judicial investiga-
tion of his claim, that it shall, near the close of the
session, be refened to another committee after
having been regularly referred by the House to
the Naval Committee, reported by that committee,
and the leport recommitted, as it has been.
Mr. ASHLEY. Does the gentleman pietend
to say that no appropiintion is contemplated by
this bill?
Mr. KELLEY. I say that it docs not make
an appiopiiation. It simply asks an investiga-
tion. The Committee on Naval Affairs simply
recommend that whatappears to be a complicated
question and one of some magnitude shall be re-
fened to a competent forum for investigation and
adjudication.
Mr. ASHLEY. Does the gentleman prefer
that thir< question andall others like it shall go to
the (Join t of Churns and not to the Committee of
Claims ofthis House?
Mr. KELLEY. I am speaking of this ques-
tion, and not of all others like it. I tlnnk that
something like a stnse of justice should govern
us in this case, and m every other case, and I say
that after having been, throughout the last Con-
: iess, before the Naval Committee, and after be-
ing leferred to the JNaval Committee by this Con-
gp'ss, and after that committee has reported and
their report has been recommitted, it would be
dealing unfairly by this claimant. U> make a new
reference now, and put him back mto the posi-
tion he was in at the beginning; of this session. I
believe that the Committee of Claims have just
about as much business before them as they can
well attend to; and 1 shall regard a reference of
this bill to that committee as a refusal on the part
of the House to act upon it duiing this Congress,
because before they can act on it, and make a
report, we shall be in the crisis of business at
the close of the session, and there can bono action
upon it.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask my colleague
on the committee why it i-i necessary that this
claim shall gn to the Court of Claims through
this Congress. The claimant now hasan oppor-
tunity to bring his claim before that court.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know that I can
answer the gentleman's question. I know the
Naval Committee seem to have thought it import-
ant that this bill should pass. They could not
take time to examine the claim. They are meet-
ing daily, and very frequently in the evenings.
They were in session yesterday afternoon after
the short session of the House, because their
hours are all filled.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the gentleman
why this party does not take his claim at oncc to
the Court of Claims without coming, here.
Mr. KELLEY. This directs him to do that.
Mr. WILSON. It directs him, then5 to avail
himself of a remedy which he has already with-
out any action of Congress.
Mr. ICELLEY. I have notcharge of this bill.
I only give the reasons why I think that the bill
ought not to be diverted to another committee at
this time. My distinguished col-league [Mr.
Mooriiead] who reported the bill can answer the
gentleman's question.
Mr. HOOPER. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has, ten minutes since.
M-r. HOOPER. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
Mr. ASIILEY. Will this bill come up as the
unfinished business in the morning hour to-mor-
row?
The SPEAKER. It will come up to-morrow
morning immediately after the reading of the
Journal.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, pending Mr. Hooper's mo-
tion, by unanimous consent, laid before the House
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a repoit of Mr. Chailcs B. Stuart,
consulting engineer of the State of New York,
upon the proposed improvements pass gunboats
fiom tidewater to the northern and northwestern
lakes; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONERS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 312) to increase the pensions
of revolutionary pensioners, now on the rolls of
the Pension Office.
Senate amendments
Insert thft word*?11 each of," f o that it will roa<i, " the
sum of $100 p#r annum to each of the sumvnig," &c.
The amendment was concurred in.
PATENT OFFICE PRELIMINARY REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported a resolution, which was read,
constdeied, and agreed to, to print for the use of
the House twenty thousand copies of the prelim-
inary report of the Commissioner of Patents! and
ten thousand for the use of the Department.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER. I now insist on my motion
that the rules he suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of tho Whole on
the state of the Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended ; and the
House resolved itself into tho Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Brands-
gee in the chair,) and resumed the consideration,
as a special order, of the bill (PI. R. No. 333) to
provide a national currency secured by a pledtre of
United States stocks, and to provide for the"cir-
culation and redemption theieof; on which, by
order of the House, ail general debate was closed.
The question was on the amendment offered
by Mr. Ross, to strike out of the amendment
proposed by Mr. Hooper, the words, " with tho
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. Hooter's amendment was as follows:
A'lii to section seven the loilowin;;:
Ttat bank* «'<">   capital of nut lesw tlnil
§50,001) may, with the appiov.il ot th<! Seci'etaiv of tlw
Vrva-niy, bo o.gamzeil in any pilU-„ the population ol
which (loci not t'\cee(l sl.t tbon«amt inhabitant:.
