3290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
erations of the chemist in making agricultural
tests, analyses, and experiments, and for the ar-
rangement and exhibition of pomologieal, en-
tomological, and agricultural specimens, models,
and paintings; and it is therefore provided that,
in addition to the rooms now occupied by the De-
partment of Agriculture, there shall be assigned
to that Department the suite of rooms upon the
first iloor included between the southwest corner
and the western entrance of the Patent Office
building.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAI>.
On motion of Mr. IIARLAN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 483) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Lake Superior to Puget sound on the
Pacific coast by the northern route, which had
been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands with amendments.
The first amendment was in line forty-four of
section one to strike out "Edward" and insert
" William," so as to make the name of one of
the corporators <( William Leighton" instead of
"Edward Leighton,"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment wag after the word " be"
in line sixteen of section two to insert " consist-
ent with public policy and the welfare of the said
Indians;" so as to make the clause read:
The United States shall extinguish, as rapidly as maybe
consistent with public policy and the welfare of the f-aul
Indians, tUe Indian lilies i<> all hinds failing under the op-
eration of this act, and acquhcd in tlie donation to the road
named in this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
seven, after the word "of" to insert "public;"
after "land" in line eight to insert " not nun-
eral;"after" title"m line fourteen to insert " not
reserved, sold, granted, or otherwise appropri-
ated;" after "fixed" in line seventeen to insert
*• and a plat thereof filed in the office of the Com-
missioner of the General Laud Office;" after the
word "been "in line nineteen to insert "granted;"
after " sold" in lino twenty to insert " reserved,
occupied by homestead settlers;" after " pre-
empted" in line twenty-one to insert " or other-
wise disposed of;" and after " sections" in line
twenty-three to insert "and designated by odd
numbers;" so as to make the section read:
That there he, and hereby is, granted to the Northern
Pad lie Railroad (Joinpany, its successors and a^ign-j, lor
the purpose of aiding m the construction ot said taihoad
and telegraph line to the Pacific coas^t, and to secure the
sale and speedy transportation of the mails, troops, numi-
tlonrf of war, and public blurs*-, over the route uff,iid line
of railway, every alternate section of public land, not min-
eral, de&ignated by odd numbers, to the amount of twenty
alternate sections per mile, on each Mde of said railroad
line, as s-aid company may adopt, through the Territories
of the United States, and ten alternate sections of land per
mile on each side ol said raihoad whenever it passes
through any Jritute, and whenever, on th - hue thereuf. the
United States have full title, not reserved, sold, giantcrf, or
otherwise appropriated, and free from preemption or other
claims or rights, at the lime the line ot said road is defi-
nitely fixed, and a plat thereof filed in the oftiye of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office; and whenever,
prior to Kud time, any ol said sections or parts of sections
shall have been granted, sold, reserved, occupied by home-
stead settler^, or preempted,or otherwise disposed of, other
lands shall be selected by said company m lieu thereof,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, in al-
ternate sections, and dOMgnnted by odd numbers, not more
than ten miles beyond the limits of said alternate sections.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three, line
twenty-six, to strike out " same" before "line;"
after " line" to strike out " upon which" and in-
sert " of;" after " any " in line twenty-six to in-
sert "other;"after uroute" in line twenty-seven
to strike out " within the State of Minnesota;"
before "general" m line thirty to insert " same;"
after "amount" in line thirty-one to strike out
"now;" and after "granted" in line thirty-two
to insert "by this act;" so as to make the proviso
read:
Provided, That if paid route shall be found upon the line
of any other railroad route to aid in the construction of
which lands have been heretofore granted by the United
States, as far as the routes are upon the same genera! line,
the amount of land heretofore granted shall be deducted
from the amount granted by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso in section three:
Provided further, That all mineral lands be, and the same
are hereby, excluded from the operations of tins act, am! in
lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied and unappinpri-
ated agricultural lands nearest to the line of said road may
be selected as above provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"lands" in line twelve of section four to insert
" situated opposite to and conterminous with said
completed section of said road."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing provisos at the end of section four:
Provided, That not more than ten sections of land per
mile, as said road shall he completed, shall be conveyed to
said company for all that part of said railroad lying east of
the western boundary of the State of Minnesota, until the
whole ot said railroad shall be finished and in good running
order, as a first-class railroad, from the place of beginning
on Lake Superior to the summit of the Rocky mountains:
Provided alio, That lands shall not be granted under tile
provisions of tnis act on account of any railroad, or part
thereof, constructed at the dite of the passage of this act.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment wa3 in section five, line
seventeen, after the word " built" to insert " by
the United States or;" so as to make the clause
read:
And it shall be the duty of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company to permit any other lailroad which shall be
authorized to be built by the United States or by the Legis-
lature of any Territory or State m which the same may be
situated, to lojrii lunning connections with it, on fair and
equitable terms.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "com-
pany" in line nine to insert " as provided in this
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
twenty-five,twenty-six,twenty-seven, and twen-
ty-eight of section seven, in the following words:
And shall also deduct from tile damages to be awarded to
the applicant lor the same any increase in the value due to
the construction of the road of Ihc pienli-.es retained by
him, provided such premises lormed a portion of those
taken.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-seven
of section seven to strike out "and may" and
insert "but the judge of the court hearing said
suit shall."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert " he" be-
fore "may" 111 line eighty of section seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-three
of section seven to strike out "three" and in-
sert " six;" so as to make the clause read:
But in case no claimant shall appear within six years
fioui the time of the opening of said road across any land,
ali claims to damages against said company shall be barred.,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "for"
in line two of section fifteen to insert" the period
indicated in the by-laws of said company not ex-
ceeding;" so as to read:
That the president, vice president, and directors shall
bold their offices for the period indicated m the. by-laws of
said company, net exceeding three years, respectively, and
until others are chosen in their place, and qualified.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
Sec. 21. And he it further enacted, That before any land
granted by tins act shall be conveyed to said company or
parly entitled thereto under this act, there shall be first
paid into the Treasury of the United States by said com-
pany or party in interest the gro°s cost of surveying, select-
ing, and conveying the same, which amountshall, without
any further appropriation, stand to the credit of the proper
account, to lie u&cd by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office lor the prosecution ol the survey of the pub-
lic lands along tile line of said roads, and so from year to
year, until the whole shall be completed, as provided un-
der the provisions of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a clerical error in
the eightieth line of section seven. The word
" its" should be " his."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That altera-
tion will be made.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 offer a short amendment
to come in at the end of the third section, simply
to define the word " mineral" where it occurs in
the bill, and to conform to the definition given in
the general Pacific railroad bill:
Jlnd provided further, That the word " mineral," where It
occurs m tills act, shall not be held to include iron Ol coal.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In line twenty-six
of section one I move to strike out 44 John E.
Perley" and insert " Ellsworth Cheeseborough
and in line twenty-seven to strike out " F. W.
Emery" and insert "James S. Emery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I propose to amend this bill
by adding to the fifth section the following clause:
And that for the purpose of aiding the construction of
such railroad connections with the navigable channel of
the Mississippi river, the grants of lands hitherto made to
the State of Minnesota andnow vested in the Winona and
St. Peter Railroad Company and in the St. Paul and Pa-
cific Railroad Company, are hereby enlarged to tenaltem-
ate sections of land per mile on cach side ot the said rail-
road lines, to be selected and allotted to said railroad
companies in the manner and under the conditions pre-
scribed by this act.
Mr. HARLAN. That proposition has not
been considered by the Committee on Public
Lands, and I am unprepared to say just how it
■would affect the communications with this road.
Congress has at this session enlarged the grants
to two roads running jointly entirely across the
State of Minnesota. The bill now pending, with-
out the adoption of this amendment, gives a large
grant of land to Minnesota virtually to aid in the
construction of another line across the State from
east to west, across the whole breadth of the State;
and 1 think it would be better not to add this
amendment at this time without consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. I think that my suggestion
really would perfect the bill, as it seems to mo
somewhat defective as it is. In the winter when
ice has closed Lake Superior with a coating of
about five or six feet of ice there will be no out-
let for the business of this road_ unless it be fur-
nished through the communication mentioned in
my amendment, so as to give an opportunity of
getting down to the railroad systems of Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota. Without it the bill is worth
nothing, and for six months in the year no trans-
portation can be had on the road; but by the as-
sistance which I propose, the extension of the
grants from six to ten miles on each side of the
two railroads I have named, those roads will be
enabled to hurry on their connections with the
Northern Pacific railroad, and make it available
at an early day. I think if the Senate will re-
flect on the importance of these connections they
will not hesitate about adopting the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no greater ob-
struction to the passage of Pacific railroad bills
than a disposition to connect with them collateral
questions. I hope this amendment .will not be
agreed to. When a standing committee of this
body shall declare that the ice in the lake is as
thick as the Senator states, though I have no rea-
son to doubt his statement, and when it shall be
officially stated by a committee that the grant of
land made to the railroad companies m Minne-
sota should be increased to ten sections a mile, I
shall have no objection to voting for it; but I
hope that no branches and no collateral questions
will be allowed to be fastened upon our Pacific
railroad bills. Let us consider them as great
propositions. My friend from Minnesota, gen-
erous in his nature, is also very generous in his
applications for the appropriation of public land
for railroads. One would suppose that he would
be content with the amount already appropriated
this year to his State or to companies within his
State. I am sure that I cannot now count the
number of such bills that I have voted for, or the
number of millions of acres included in all the
grants made. X hope that we shall stop for thi3
session, and next year when we shall have time
to examine the subject more thorough^ we may
grant to Minnesota for the purpose of keeping
communication open with the rest of the world
some additional millions of acres of land.
Mr. RAMSEY. Senators, with a view of pre-
judicing thesegrantsthatare proper in themselves,
are in the habit very much of exaggerating the
benefits we receive from grants of land made to
our State. The grants made this winter do not
amount to more than a million acres in all, and
they extend over five or six hundred nules of
country. But, sir, the position of the Senator
from California is somewhat surprising. He has
