2S14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
that I had oil the votes necessary to elect me; and
I am here with that other most rational presump-
tion, that in a rebel land there are but few loyal
men to break the monotony of treason's song;
and how, I ask again, do the committee rebut
these presumptions and tako from mc the benefit
of them? Why, sir, by the bold and bald as-
sumption that as there were 1,700 loyal votes in
the counties that did vote, there must be a pro-
portional number of loyal men in those that did
not vote! And having- settled the basis of the
proportion, they work it out, by the principles of
Cocker and Pike, that as there were 1,700 loyal
votes in the voting counties, there must be at least
5,100 in the counties in rebel possession and not
voting! There are (to put the argument in semi-
syllogistic form) 1,700 loyal votes in the four
counties within the Federal lines that voted: ergo,
there are 5,100 in the sixteen counties in the rebel
lines that did not vote !
On what principle is it that the committee make
the loyalty of the four counties that voted the
v basis for calculating the loyalty of the sixteen
counties that did not vote? The circumstanccs
of the two are totally different. The counties of
Accomac, Northampton, Elizabeth City, and
York early came back within the blessed scope
of the Union. The proud emblem of our national
sovereignty and power, as it streams from the
liberty-poles at Fortress Monroe, and Fort Woo),
and Camp Hamilton, and Yorktown, and Wil-
liamsburg, can be seen by the naked eye of the
people of the counties of Elizabeth City and York
as each fold flutters in the breeze." The two large
counties of Accomac and Northampton, in six
months from the date of Virginia's secession,
'came, by the expedition of General Dix, within
the protection of the Union,and at once acknowl-
edged its supremacy. Not so with the rest of
the district. The Federal arms hud made no lodg-
ment there. Practical protection had not been
guarantied or offered. The stars and bars, not
the stars and stripes, floated there, and there re-
bellion and treason still their vigils keep. Now,
sir, in such entire dissimilarity of circumstances,
how can you reason from the loyalty of the peo-
ple in the protected, loyal poition of my district,
to the loyalty of those in the unprotected, rebel-
lion-bound portion of it?
Five thousand one hundred loyal voteis in the
portion of my district in occupancy of the rebels !
Sir, I wish in all my heart it were so. It would
be impcrtum m imperio. It would be a power in
that section more potent than the power of rebel-
lion itself—a power that might44 beard the lion in
his den." It would put the Union party there
a long way ahead of the secession traitors. In the
whole of this portion of my district, the entire
vote in the presidential election of 1860 was 7,840.
The loyal vote m it now, say the committee, is
5,100. So that according to the committee's rea-
soning it has 2,745 more loyal than disloyal voters
—a thing which cannot be predicated of any con-
gressional district in Virginia. The same rea-
soning, as I have ascertained by actual calcula-
tion, would make the number of loyal voters in
the whole State 54,400, and of the disloyal 44,019,
thus making the loyal vote greater by 10,381 than
the disloyal; a result which will, I am sure, ex-
pose to the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions the entire fallacy of the calculations on
which he pioposes to oust his friend from Vir-
ginia from a scat beside him. Five thousand one
hundred loyal voters in the most " copperhead"
region of the whole State! Sir, 1 tell ytfu, in all
candor, that the counties outside the four that
sent me here, are the very last locality in my
State to find loyal people in. It was m the soil
of those counties that Mr. Calhoun sowed broad-
cast those seeds of nullification and sectionalism
which have lipened into a fruitful haivest of re-
bellion and treason. I have often heard it re-
marked, and the remark was but too true, that
there were more disciples of the Calhoun faith in
the first congressional district of Virginia than in
all the State beside. I know it to be so. I was
often the Whig elector in that district, was the
representative of a portion of it in the State Legis-
lature for more than twenty years, and I speak
from personal knowledge when 1 say that there
has been from the time of Mr. Calhoun's cele-
brated Fort Hill manifesto in 1831, less attach-
ment to the Union of these States in this than in
any other poition of the Old Dominion, h has
been a soil more fruitful of a dividing and alien-
ating sectionalism and of disunion-doctrine than
any in this whole land, except peculiarly traitor-
ous South Carolina. Look at the antecedents!
Sir, when I knew the district, it was represented
in Congress by old Burwell Bassett, a politician
of the extremest State-rights faith. Soon after
came Eichard Coke, an ardent nullifier, whose
Magnus Apollo was John C. Calhoun. Next
came Henry A. Wise, who ran against Mr. Coke
on the avowed ground of secession against nulli-
fication—the secessionist against the nullifier.
True, Mr. Wise redeemed himself not a little in
the dark times when executive prerogative in the
hands of Andrew Jackson was layingfoulhandon
#the most sacred principles of the Constitution.
He gallantly stood up for the " union of the
Whigs for the sake of the Union." He even said
that " office could not add a cubit to the stature"
of Ilenry Clay—a tribute as righteous as beauti-
ful, and that will be cchocd back by the wise and
the good of the world "to the last syllable of
recorded time."
But alas! Mr. Speaker, qvam mutatus ab illo !
Mr. Wise relapsed and beat badly Hill Carter, a
gentleman of the olden standard, and an uncompro-
mising old-line Whig of the Henry Clay and Dan-
iel Webster school. I shall be no further his his-
torian, but bring to your notice his successor,
Thomas H. Bayly, a man of noble parts of both
heart and head, but of extreme State rights and
southern proclivities, and one of the most enthu-
siastic admirers of Mr. Calhoun. He was suc-
ceeded by a gentleman well known to many mem-
bers of this body—Muscoe R. H. Garnett, whose
political notions were at war from his boyhood
with all national statesmanship, who regarded a
labor to subvert our blessed Union a labor of pa-
triotism and of duty, and who, since his perni-
cious doctrines eventuated in fragmenting that
noblest fabric of human workmanship, held a seat
in the rebel congress. From such antecedents,
Mr. Speaker, you can scarcely expect to find in
a ceit.un part of my district the army of Union
men which the Committee of Elections have so
kindly assigned to its custody. Why, sir, even
the old-line Whigs of the western shore portion of
my district have forgotten their instincts. The
Critchers and the Lewises and the Saunderses
and the Smiths and the Itoanes and the Lacys
and the Carters and the Wilcoxes and the Shields
and the Howards and the G reshams and the Clop-
tons and the Fleets, and hundreds of the like quon-
dam politics, who shouted for "Tippecanoe and
Tyler too," who sprung every nerve to make
President noble, magnificent, immortal Harry
Clay, who admired Daniel Webster as an intel-
lect that any country might be proud of, who
looked upon Millard Fillmoro as one of the most
unselfish, most patriotic, and most sagacious
statesmen that the North has ever given to our
common country, and who "did yeomen's ser-
vice" in the cause of Bell and Everett at the last
presidential election as being par excellence the
Union ticket; all these, and thousands of others,
the very elite of Whig chivalry in district No. 1,
have gone off on "the pride of former days."
They "kept step to the musicof the Union," and
sang anthems to the Union while Virginia and
the Union were together, but now the harp of
Taraslecps on Tarawa walls. Roused by the bugle-
blabtof their native land, they lmve thrown away
the elation with which they were wont to ring
out joyous notcsforthe Union of their Washing-
ton. Sir, there never was a class possessing in
reference to theirState—their natale solum—more
of the Cavalier spirit than do, my old comrades,
the old-line Whigs of Northumberland and Lan-
caster and Richmond and Westmoreland and
King George and Essex and King and Q,uecn and
Gloucester and Matthews and King William and
Middlesex and Caroline and James City and Wil-
liamsburgand NewKent and Charles City. They
loved the Union while their State and the Union
could go on harmoniously together; but when
contlict came, they became clannish, and, taking a
position for their loved Old Dominion, they so-
liloquized, each to himself, in the language of
Roderick Dhu's resolve:
This earth shall fly
From its firm base as boon as I."
And hence it was that, without refeience to old
party, they united almost to a man in ratifying
the secession ordinance of their State.
Why, sir, all the blockade-running and carry-
ing of supplies to the rebels from across the Po-
tomac takes place through the very heart of the
non-voting portion of my district. Could this
contraband passing and traffic be well carried on
if there were scattered over it 5,100 loyal voters?
The two recent raids upon that land of submis-
sive loyalty, the eastern shore of Virginia, ema-
nated from the county of Matthews, one of the
non-voting counties, and in which 1 do not be-
lieve there in one loyal man or woman. And
throughout the western shore portion of the dis-
trict a merciless conscription has sent nearly the
whole of the arms-bearing population to the camp
and the battle-field.
Sir, I am not singular in these opinions. In
confirmation of them I submit a recent letter from
Hon. E. P. Pitts, the able and loyal judge of the
eastern shore circuit:
u Yours, asking my opinion of the loyalty of the coun-
ties of the first congressional district of Virginia, or that
poition of it in rebel possession, has been received. I have
resided in that district all my lite, and have not been an
inattentive obseiver of public afliurs. I do not believe
there are one hundred loyal voters in the portion of the dis-
trict lo which you allude, and it there is one he is unknown
to me. That district has been under the contiol of the Cal-
houn school of politicians, and there are secessionists in
it—and that not a few—of thirty years'standing. It would be
surpusmg if there were many loyal votes^to be tound there,
at least till under Federal control."
Confirmatory of Judge Pitta's opinion is aletter
from T. R. Bowden, Esq., a son of the late Sen-
ator Bowdcn, and Attorney General of Virginia,
which 1 beg to read to the House:
Norfolk, Virginia, ~1pril 6, 1864.
My Dfar. Sir : Your letter of the 5th instant, asking my
opinion of the strength of theloyal vote of the fust congres-
sional district of Viigmia, has been received. In reply, X
have no hesitation in stating that I believe the county of
Accomac computes nine tenths of the loyal voters ot the
diMriet, excepting the county of Northampton, m regard to
whose loyalty I am not advised.
My reasons lor this opinion are based upon the following
facta:
1. That in the county of King and Queen every vote
caff was given lor Dr. Richard Cox, the unconditional se-
cession candidate, who voted for the ordinance of ^ces-
sion m the Richmond convention fiom 11 first to last." In
this county J am very wtll acquainted, my mother being
originally hom it. 1 r polls 600 votes, and I have not been
able to hear of the tir&t loyal man residing there. B-sex
county, adjoining, i.  m the same way. Matthewsaud Mid-
dlesex coutpiiso another district, which sent delegates to
the Richmond convention. Mr. R. JL. Montague (now
member of the re^ el congress) was almost unanimously
elected to represent them. There were but two who voted
against him ; one of those died in Salisbury pnson, and the
other is now confined in Richmond.
Gloucester county sent Mr. John T. Seawell to the con-
vention. lie, wah one of the original secessionists. Glou-
cester has not three Union men m her bordeis. Save the
military, I doubuf theie be one. My father was attend-
ing couit in that county when the news came that " Vir-
ginia had seceded," and, being a notorious Union man, left
the county m gieat ha^te.
On the Peninsula (with the exception of three who re-
tide near Williamsburg) 1 do not know a Union man who
presses its soil. There may be a few, but it stiikes me
ttiey would have all left when McClellan evacuated the
Peninsula, knowing the imminent danger they weie in.
In regard to the comities m the northern neck, I ain not
personallyacquainted, but am satisfied from reports that
they are equally as destitute of any Union sentiment an
those I have mentioned. They did not poll forty votes
against theoidinance ol secession.
In conclusion, I would remark that the first congressional
district of Virginia is notonously ahead of all others in de-
votion to recession. Jt luuu>lied more original secession
delegates to the Richmond convention, voted more unan-
imously lor the ouhnance of secession, and has given a
more nnilorm, hearty, and zealous support to the rebellion
than any oilier in the {State.
These are my views; I give them frankly and unreserv-
ed!}. if you deem them of any service, you are at per-
fect liberty to use them.
Very truly, yours, THOMAS R. BOWDEN.
Hon. Joseph Sega.r.
And a prominent citizen of Lancaster county,
William N. Han-is, Esq., who left that county
because it was no place tor a Union man to live
in, assures me that scarcely a Union man is to be
found in the whole northern nock of Virginia.
Now, I ask my friend from Massachusetts how
he expects to find among such a people, at this hour
of peculiar estrangement,5,100 loyal voters? Sir,
" you may call spirits from the vasty deep, but will
they come?" The 5,100 loyal men are not there.
They exist only in the fabulous comparisons of
the committee. Instead of that large number, I
am satisfied there are not 250 loyal men in all that *
portion of my district that failed to vote at the
late election. I do not mean to say that there will be
no returning loyalty there, for I am persuaded that
when our armies shall have possessed this region
so that those who shall return to their homes may
