■ DOMRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
January 21,
ous, but constituting but one body—a Senate—
deriving their powers not under but by the Con-
stitution; holding them not subject to any other
power except the restraints to be found in the Con-
stitution; bound to yield obedience to no other
department of the Government, except so far as
they-are made immediately amenable by consti;
tutional provisio n. Has the President of the Un i-
ted States any authority to call in question the
conduct of the Senate? Certainly not. Have the
House of Representatives any authority to call
it in question? Certainly not. Why? Because
tfe constitute a coordinate department of the Gov-
ernment, existing by virtue of a higher power or
as high a power as that which brings into exist-
ence the President or the House of Representa-
tives, and enticed to stand exempt from all right
of challenge,
A different doctrine in the present condition of
the country I think would be fruitful of mischief.
There are questions upon which we differ diamet-
rically. The honorable member from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] entertains an opinion upon
one of them which I think is not only-unconsti-
tutional, but most mischievous. He entertains
it conscientiously, I have no doubt. He.has at-
tempted to maintain it with learning and ability;
but, in my judgment, it is not only a constitu-
tional heresy, But a most mischievous constitu-
tional heresy. He does not think so, I am sure;
because if he did he would not entertain it, or if
he did entertain it, he would not express it; but,
in my judgment, it is calculated to lead to most
disastrous results in the presont exigency of the
country, and is certain to delay, if not forever to
defeat, the restoration of the Union. It is that
the existence of the civil war which is now cov-
ering the land with blood in one section and car-
rying agony in another, has dissolved perpetually
the ties winch bound us of the loyal States to the
States in rebellion; that they are so totally de-
stroyed that the States in rebellion are now to be
considered as out of the Union as States, territo-
rially subject to the unlimited will of Congress,
and to come back only at such time and upon
such terms as the Congress of the United States
in its wisdom may provide; and it has been said
that that opinion has for its authority pot only
that of reason as applied to the Constitution it-
seW, but a solemn decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States. An officer of tire Govern-
ment, of "research and of great critical acumen,
published a letter not long since, semi-officially, in
which he announced that the decision of the Su-
preme Court in what are called the prize causes,
maintained that doctrine by establishing a prin-
ciple which necessarily led to its support. The
learned editor of Wheaton'sLawof Nationssaw
proper, in a recent tetter which he nddiessed to a
law magazine in London,'to state the same tlmia;;
because, as he understood, the Supreme Court in
•those cases had decided that warexistcd between
the loyal and the disloyal States, and that the cit-
izens of the disloy.nl States were, just as much
enemies as they would have been if they had been
independent States and the war was a national one.
This is an entire misapprehension of the decis-
ion of the court. On this subject I think I speak
knowingly. The whole question before that tri-
bunal in those cases was, as far as this particular
proposition is concerned, whether the law of prize
could be made to apply to propel ty captured upon
the ocean which had come from the territorial
limits of one of the seceded States. The Supreme
Couit decided, and the reasoning demonstrates
that it was not their purpose to hold the doctrine
for which the decision has been quoted, that the
law of prize applied to property so captured, not
upon the ground that any ordinance of secession
was operative; notupon theground that the States
who may have passed any such ordinance of se-
cession were out of the Union; not upon the
ground that by any other act other than the ordi-
nance of secession they had taken themselves out
of the Union, but upon the giound that the pi op-
erty was liable to capture because, in the sense
of the prize law, it is to be considered as enemy's
property, and that it was no defense to say on the
part of the owner that he was also a traitor as well
as the owner of the property. Traitor! Traitor
to what? What Government? Not a traitor to
tiie seceded States. How a traitor? Why a
traitor, and why continuously a traitor as long
as he has aided the rebellion? Because he owed
allegiance to the United States, was a member of
the great Republic; and his practical allegiance,
whether it was voluntary or enforced, to the gov-
ernment of the State of which -he was a resident,
or the government of the confederate States of
which his State was'a part, had no operation at
all to discharge him from his-allegiance to the
United States; but that for all time, until separa-
tion shall,' with the consent of the United States,
be accomplished—a time I trust never to come-
that for all time, as long as the United States shall
exist, he who is found within the territorial lim-(
its of these secedcd States waging war against the
United States, or giving aid and comfort to the
enemy, is a traitor to the United States, and if
captured may be "tried and executed. That is
quite a different question. He who commits trea-
son against the United States at any time, whether
at the present time and under the circumstances
in which the country now 4s, or in more peaceful
times, is liable to be punished. That is all true
enough; but the very fact that he is liable to be
punished proves that he is still a citizen of the
United States, who*have the right to punish him,
as without his being such a citizen the right of
punishment could not exist.
I have said now, Mr. President, as much as I
propose to say on the first of these questions.
Next as to the second. I do not know why the
Senator from Massachusetts thinks it is necessary
to incorporate the provisions of this law ih the.
form of a rule. If he supposes that the law would
have no operation until it becomcs a rule of the
Senate, the proposition which he presents is more
liable to objection than the one which I am about
to argue; for, however true it may be that Con-
gress in its legislative capacity may impose an
oath other than that which the Constitution pro-
poses to Senators of the United States, I suppose
no one will contend, except the Senator from
Massachusetts—if he holds that opinion, and I do
not know that he does—that it is in the power of
the Senate by any such rule to require any such
additional oath. If it is not, then your proposed
rule is altogether unnecessary. If the law does
not operate by its own terms it cannot operate at
all. If, as the Presiding Officer of this body, it is
not your duty, sir, to administer this oath be-
cause of the law, as it is to administer the oath
prescribed by the Constitution, you cannot get
the authority to administer it by the meie adop-
tion of a resolution. That is a question which I
do not propose to discuss now. I mention it only
in order to say that the rule is wholly unneces-
sary pvovided the law be operative; and if the
law be not operative the rule is entirely without
authority.
I do not see in his scat the Senator who spoke
yesterday, [Mr. Collamer.] His absence I re-
gret. If 1 understood him—and 1 the more es-
pecially regret his absence, because I may not
have understood him—he puts the validity of the
law of July 2, 1862, entirely upon theground that
it was nccesbnry to carry out the antcccdent legis-
lation of Congress, and he referred you to another
act of July, 18G2, which provided for the punish-
ment of treason in different modes, and for tlw
confiscation of the property of persons convicted f
and I understood him to say, in substance, that,
without the existence of such legislation, or of
equivalent legislation, the affidavit act, the oath
act would be without authouty. Now, when an
honorable Senator places a proposition of that
sort upon that ground, he ought to be perfectly
certain of his facts. The act which is incorpo-
rated in this resolution was passed on the 2d of
July. The treason act to which the Senatorad-
verted was passed on the 17th of July. The va-
lidity, therefore, of this act is to be tested by the
right of Congress to pass it when it was passed. It
cannot be pie tended that a law invalid at the time it
was passed becomes valid by subsequent legisla-
tion, where that legislation has no reference at all
to the antecedent law, does not revive it, does not
apply it, says nothing in relation to it, but contents
|i itself with punishing treason m the peison and in
! j the property of the tt aitor in the way that it thinks
|j proper. Then, in point of fact, the whole foun-
\\ dation of his argument fails, even supposing the
f| legislation to winch he adverted was contcmpo-
|j raneous with or antecedent to the passage of the
j| act of the 2d of July
|| Bin the existence of such legislation is necessa-
|| ry, in the view of the honorable member, m order
to give to Congress the authority to pass this act
which is proposed* to be incorporated in our rj.iles;
and why? Why, said the honorable jnember, -
these gladiatorial exhibitors of treason on the floor
of the Senate may yome back. Well, suppose
they can? Does that of itself show that you have
any power to keep them out? And upon what
does htt place the power to keep them out ? Upon
the ground that the'y have committed treason.
Treason is made an o'ffense of a peculiar character
with reference to its punishment, by t he act which
he supposed to have been.passed either before or
at the same time with the act of July % 186^.
Well, what is treason, and how is it to be tried?
He. told you, he told you correctly, that the Con-
stitution says that treasoncan only be tried where
the acts of treason are committed. You are there-
fore to go to South Carolina or to-Mississippi,
and you are to try Jefferson Davis or any other
of those assumed dignitaries there, and to convict
them there. Then he told the Senate, and I sup-
pose with a great deal of truth, you cannot con-
vict them there, and that leads him to a conclu-
sion in myjudgmcntentirelyunwarranted by the
Constitution. Because you cannot under the
Constitution convict, you are to convict without
it; because you cannot punish constitutionally,
you are to punish unconstitutionally ! Can any
proposition be more pregnant wirh mischief? If
the Constitution is annulled or suspended in the
seceded States, so as to leave to the Government
of the United States the authority to do what it
could not do under the Constitution but for its
suspension or annulment, the proposition of the
Senator would be right; but he does not carry it
to that extent. He admits, and properly admits,
that a conviction of either of the offenses men-
tioned in the act of the 17th of July cannot be
Jiad, because a trial cannot be had such as the.
Constitution only contemplates; and we have no
remedy left to us, as he supposes, but to let these
gentlemen come back and indulge again in their
treasonable gladiatorial exhibitions.
Besides stating that ground, which in my judg-
ment is wholly untenable, and which he rested ex-
clusively upon the meaning of what he called the
treason act, the honorable member said that by
that act the framcrs of it, and Congress in adopt-
ing it, studiously guarded against the necessity of
a conviction, as far as the particular question is
concerned. Thatis an entire misapprehension of
the meaning of the act. In the first place, the act
deals with the future, and with the future alone.
It does not lay its hands at all upon any antecedent
treason. It provides exclusively for the punish-
ment of subsequent acts of treason; and ho ware
they to be punished? Punished because any tri-
bunal that may get possession of the party charged't
is satisfied m itsown mind that he'has been guilty
of the act with which he has been charged ? No,
sir; he is to be tried and convicted. How tiied,
how convicted ? Only under the limitations pro-
vided by the Constitution of the United States;
tried where the offense is committed; tried by a
jury of the vicinage sitting under the superintend-
ence of a court of the United States. The lan-
guage of the first section—and all the sections are
in that respect the same—is
" That every person who shall tieieaftercomir.it the crime
of iten-on a uinst the United fcUate^. :md shall tie adjudged
guilty ther^ef, shall Miller d.'atli; and alt Ins slaves, if any,
shall be declaied and made free."
The second section is that every person who
shall hereafter incite, set on foot, &c., rebellion
or insurrection against the United States, " and
be convicted theieof," shall be punished. And
then the third section, upon which the honorable
member relied, is in these words:
" Sec. 3. ml he it jiuthn enaitvd, That eveiy person
guilty of cither of the offends de«-eiibed ;n thN aet ^-hall
be torever incapable and disqualified to hold any office un-
dei the United rftates.>>
This is an instance of that acuter.ess of criti-
cism to which the honorable member from Rhode
Island adverted yesterday,'not the superfluity of
learning, but the acutenensof criticism. "That
every person guilty " of what? Guilty of treason
in the judgment of the Senate, or the House of
Representatives, or the President? Guilty of
treason of what kind? What was the treason
which they had in their minds when they drafted
this third section? It is the treason denned and
provided for in the two antecedent sections; and
the only construction therefore to be put upon the
thiid section is that every person found guilty,
