1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*1839
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Hooper's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to call the attention of
the committee to the first provision of the eighth
section of the bill, which declares that every asso-
ciation formed pursuant to the provisions of this
act shall from the date of the execution of its
organization certificate be a body corporate, but
shall transact no business except such as may be
incidental to its organization and necessarily pre-
liminary until authorized by the Comptroller of
the Currency to commence the business of bank-
ing. Under this clause persons may be incorpo-
rated for weeks and months without the public
knowing anything of it. They may enter into
agreements and contract liabilities, and if the as-
sociation do not perfect its organization, they may
eay that they were a body corporate and weie not
personally liable for the preliminary agreements
which they may have made. It strikes me that
that is a very loose way of permitting a corpora-
tion to exist as a corporation, without there being
any public record of it anywhere. I think that
should be corrected.
Mr. HOOPER. I think if the gentleman will
look at the sentence that follows he will find there
is not much forco in his objection. It provides
that no business except such as may be incidental
to the organization, and necessarily preliminary,
shall be performed untilauthorizcd bythe Comp-
troller of the Currency.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 have observed that; but the
objection which I make goes beyond that. Here
we hav-e a corporation existing for certain pur-
poses, while there is no public office where a man
can go and find out who the corporators are or
what the corporation is. The arrangements pre-
liminary to going into business may be large or
small, depending upon the future or the capital of
the corporation. Liabilities may be contracied to
the extent of thousands of dollars, and while the
parties dealing with them may suppose they arc
Sealing with them personally, the corporators
may turn round afterwards and say they were a
corporation, and may producc the instrument,
which may be dated six months back. It is true
they ca/inot transact business as a banking cor-
poration, but still it strikes me that it is all wrong
to allow a body politic to exist for any purpose
whatever without there being a record of it in any
public office.
The CHAIRMAN. Does-the gentleman from
Now Yotk propose an amendment?
Mr. PRUYN. I propose to arm nd the section
by making it read:
Shall boa hndv corpoMto from the time of the publication
Of a noticc of the fxceuiioii of its Articles ot organization
in a newspaper published in the place in which iw business
is to be transacted,
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chaiuvmn, i do not see
any necessity for the amendment; on the other
hand, I think it would be injudicious. The as-
sociation subscribes to the stock. When that is
done they sign an organization cei tificate. They
can do nothing more than prepare a place for
business, renting a house, or, if there be a neces-
sity, buying one, for the purpose of transacting
business—simply that which is preliminary to the
banking business. There is nobody trusting them;
they issue no certificates; they enter into no con-
tracts, except the contract as individuals to pro-
vide a place for business. That is preliminary,
and necessarily preliminary, to theircnteringinto
business. The public have nothing to do with it.
There is no circulation, no bills to discount; noth-
ing of this kind done. I hope that the amend-
ment will not be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move the following
amend ment:
In section eight strike out the words, " by baying and
selling j ohl and Mlver com and bullion, by loaning money
on real and piM^onal security;5-' and in licit thereof msoit,
" bv t.eliiii  any coin received as inteiest on United States
bonds lieJd bytsuch associations."
Mr. Chairman, I will not trouble the commit-
tee with any extended remarks. I could not well
pass by this provision without oileiiiig a substi-
tute for it. These words 1 propose to strike out
must mean real estate. I only say I supposed that j
banks with that authority had almost ceascd to j
exist iu the commeicial world. There is also au-
thority to loan money upon personal security,
which I suppose to mean personal property. In
the preceding paragraph I find these words:
"And exercise under this act ail such incidental powers
as shaii bo necessary to carry on the business of banking
by discounting and negotiating promissory notes, cheeI;:,,
bills of exchange, and other evidences of debt; by receiv-
ing deposits."
If this be not considered authority to loan money
upon a pledge of personal property, then it is un-
necessary. if it is, then it is authority to do the
business of pawnbroking.
I think it unwise to give to these banks au-
thority to bay and sell gold and silver coin and
bullion; and I call the attention of the committee
to the marked difference bgtween this bill and the
law as it now stands. In the existing law, sec-
tion eleven, authority is given to buy and sell gold
and silver bullion, foreign coin, and bills of ex-
change. Authority is given to the banks to buy
and sell gold and silver coin of the United States.
We have been complaining of the value of gold
in the market produced by speculators. We pro-
pose by this bill to do two things which I think
very unwise, or rather one thing based upon a
great fact; we have created a system of banks,
with authonty to issue §300,000,000 of currency;
they have authority to increase and inflate the
currency,^and to increase, therefore, the price of
property, including the price of gold in the mar-
ket; and we give them authority to deal in coin:
therefore they have authonty to fix the standard
which shall measure the value of coin and to go
into the market to buy and sell. For.one I will
not consent to that authority.
Mr. STEVENS. So far as this provision is
concerned it is precisely as it is now. It allows
them to sell gold and silver bullion, for all coin is
now bullion, subject to be dealt in. Supposethat
these banks have accumulated a quantity of gold,
and suppose that rtiatgold, by the operations ofour
currency, is sixty per cent, above par, is it to be
expected that the banks will loan that out at par?
They will sell it the same as the State banks. Th6
time has passed when you aie to consider gold as
currency. It is a commodity of traffic as much
as bills of exchange. So much for that.
With regard to loans on real and personal se-
curity, the gentleman from Massachusetts, with
his knowledge of law, knows that personal se-
curity means the security of a person—not the
security of personal property. Personal security
is a drawer and jndorser.
Then there is another thing provided for here.
It is, that the banks may make loans in addition
to those upon real estate. How .' It may be that
a bank is willing to loan to a manufacturer. They
may not know his security, his indorsers; or it
may not be convenient for the manufacturer to
find the indorsers they want. He then gives his
promissory note, payable according to the provis-
ions of this ban king law, and, as col lateral security,
gives a moitgage upon real estate, instead of giving
a friend as an indorscr. I wish this always had
been the law, and that they, had not been allowed
to give a peisonal indorscr. Some of us would
have been greatly better off, and so would the
banks. If'there be a sufficient margin taken by
moitgage, with a continuing guarantee for re-
newal, there would be no difficulty. This is the
very safest security for a bonk, the most handy to
the lender, ami most convenient for its friends.
The question recurring on the amendment,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Gakson and Mr.
Boutwell weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 18, noes 52; no quorum voting.
The call for a division was withdrawn; and the
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I call the attention of the com-
mittee to the language of the twenty-sixth line.
I move to amend that line by striking out the
words " real and," so that the clause shall read,
(l by loaning mono v on personal security." My
object in moving the amendment is to say that in
the State of New York we for a considerable time
discounted on security of real estate. Experience
soon taught us that that was a dangerous system
of banking. And the western States, which copied
our original banking law, suffered greatly there-
by, and their cuncncy became unavailable when
in a oiims it was demanded for immediate use.
Expenonce taught the State of New York, under
the free banking system, that the use of real es-
tate in banking was unsafe.
In reply to some remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania upon this subject, permit me to say,
first, that tlie principle of banking requires tw<?
available securities, immediately available: first,
the drawer of the note, and second, the indorscr.
Now, if a mortgage on real estate is given as se-
curity, and in time of trial the note is not paid,
and recourse has to be had to the security, the
mortgage has to be foreclosed and all the laws in
relation to real estate-have to be gone through
with before the reale state can be made available
for the purpose of converting this security in the
market. However, I do not suppose it is of any
use incidentally to enter one's protest against
wrong principles of banking contained in this bill,
or to discuss them. I do not wish to insist upon
a division of the committee if the amendment is
not adopted, because that will disclose^the fact
that there is no*quorum here, and that the most
important currency and banking bill that ever
came before the country is acted upon here with-
out the presence of a quorum.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I wish to call
the attention of the committee to the language of
the eighth section, in line thirty-two, page 7; and,
in connection with that, to refer to section five.
It says that the board of directors shall have
power to determine, amongothcr things, the man-
ner in which its property may be transferred. I
move to amend by striking out the words " its
property transferred." Section five authorizes
these associations to make every regulation not
inconsistent with the provisions of this act. That
would authorize the corporation to entirely change
the law of the land; it would authorize them to
say that a verbal guarantee of a note would be
good; it would enable them to change entirely the
law in relation to indorsers; and it would author-
ize them to make a mortgage by parol instead of
in writing. Now I object to vesting this general
and indefinite power in any corporation: and be-
cause this line to which I have referred is con-
nected with the provisions of section five, I have
proposed to strike it out. Under that sentence a
corporation could provide that it should sell its
real estate which it might hold by parol, and not
by an article under seal.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the eighth
section by striking outin the twenty-sixth line the
words "coin and," and inserting after the word
4t bullion "ithe words i'and foreign coin," so that
it will correspond with the existing law.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. BROWN, ofWisconsin. I move to amend
section nine by striking out in lines four and five
the words "shall during his whole term of ser-
vice he a citizen of the United States." I do not
understand, sir, that the capacity of any individ-
ual to manage the affairs of a bank depends upon
! the question of citizenship. I know that in my
! own State there are npany banking institutions, or
! that there are some banking institutions which
are owned and managed almost entirely by per-
sons who are not citizens of the United States;
and this House, by compelling persons who have
taken out their first papers to be enrolled as sub-
ject to the draft, has lecognized at least the duty
of persons who arc denizens of this country,
though not citizens, of responding to the calls of
the Government where those calls involve a pub-
lic burden. I can hardly understand upon what
principle gentlemen can say that persons of this
class who invest their money in corporations of
this kind shall not have a voice in the manage-
ment of such corporations.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, Isee no rea-
son for striking out those words. 1 think that a
man who has not qualified himself to hold real
estate in this country ought not to be allowed to
manage the great moneyed interests of the nation,
j If he desires to enjoy all the advantages of a citi-
zen let him take the oath of allegiance; let him do
as other citizens do. This is no provision made
against foreigners, but simply against foreigners
who design to live and do business in the country
without ever becoming subject to or owing alle-
giance to the Government.
j Mr. ELDR1DGE. I wish to ask the gentle-
! man fiom Pennsylvaniaif this provision does not
