1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJi
os the first arid second sections provide, of the
obelises contained in those sections, shall, as apart
ot the punishment, be forever thereafter disqual-
ified fiom holding an Office; and, I speak it in the
hearing of lawyers who I am sure will agree with
me in that particular, under that provision he who
is tried ana convicted for the offense specified m
the first and the second sections of the act would
be adjudged, as a part of the punishment, to be at
any time thereafter disqualified to hold any office
under the United States.
But, Mr. President, supposing, for the sake of
the argument, that I am wrong and that the hon-
orable member is right in this particular, does
that justify this resolution ? The resolution pro-
vides that the act of July 2, 1862, "shall bccome
one of the rules of the Senate*, and that act says,
as gentlemen understand it, that every Senator
shall swe^r first that he has never voluntarily
borne ai ms against the United States; second, that
he has never voluntarily given aid and comfort
to the enemies of the United States; third, that
he has never sought or exercised, or attempted
to exercise, the functions of any office under any
authority hostile to the United States; and fourth,
that he has never yielded voluntary support to
any pretended government hostile to the United
States. That is, he is to swear that he has never
done any of these things at any time in the past.
The language of the treason act, as you have seen,
deals altogether with the future; and the honor-
able member from Vermont places the authority
of Congress to pass tins law upon the ground that
the acts which the partyis called upon to swear
that he has not clone are made criminal by a statute
passed at the same tim<?, according to his recol-
lection of it; and that, being criminal by such
legislation, it was in the power of Congress to
make a man swear that he hud not committed
them. If the proposition is a sound one at all,
the answer is that the statute which creates the
offense does not piake either of the- four acts or
species of conduct included within the oath-law
an offense; so that, so far as those four provisions
are concerned, the validity of that act stands ex-
clusively upon the Constitution of the United
States, irrespective of any contemporary legis-
lation.
But, Mr. President, suppose the act of the 17th
of July had said that itshould be a part of the pun-
ishment of a man who was convicted of treason
against the United States thatheshould be disqual-
ified from holding any office under the United
States, would anybody deny that that would be in-
valid because of the prohibition of the Constitution
against the passage ofany e#pos£ facto law? These
terms have been construed over and over again.
They not only prohibit legislation making that an
offense which wasnodffense before, butlegislotion
adding to the punishment which alone was visited
upon an existing offense; and it would therefore
necessarily follow that the ifact of the 17th of July,
1862, had provided that those who had,befoie the
passage of that act, committed treason should not
only be subjected to the punishment provided by
the law as it stood at' the time the treason was
committed, but should also be forever disqualified
to hold any office,jt would, to the extent that it
pi ctended to impose that disqualification, be clear-
ly unconstitutional.
I submit, then4", that there is nothing in the ex-
istence of that act of the 17th of July which gives
the slightest weight to the argument in support of
the first law of the 2d of July, on two grounds:
first, because that law was passed after the oath-
law was passed; and second, because the offenses
winch it piovides against are not the offenses or
all the offenses included within the oath-law, but
-exclusively offenses consisting in acts committed
after the passage of the crimes act.
Now, Mr. President, have we any authority un-
der the Constitution, independent of legislation,
to pass such a resolution as this ? I have, to a cer-
tain extent, anticipated the argument upon this
head. The honorable member from Rhode Island
supposes that the right to pass such a provision
is to be found in a single sentence in the opinion
of the Supreme Court in the ease of McCulloch
vs. The State of Maryland, deliveted by Chief
Justice Marshall. Sir, that is an enure mistake.
The opinion contains no doctrine that aids the
proposition for which he cited it. The question
before the Supreme Court in that case was whether
the charter of tHe Bank of the United States was
constitutional. T-he argument against its consti-
tutionality was that there was no^xpress power
in the Constitution to charter a%ank, and not
only that there was no express power in the Con-
stitution, but that the proposition to give the
power, made in the Convention, had been voted
down. It was objected to, too, upon the ground
that it could not have been passed in the exercise
of any implied power, because the true meaning
of that clause of the Constitution which gives to
Congress the authority to pass all law§ necessary
and proper to carry into execution the powers
granted to Congress meant only those that were
absolutely necessary, those without which the
powers granted could not be executed. The Chief
Justice is dealing with that argument. He goes
on very satisfactorily to show that to limit the
implied powers to be found in the clause to which
I have just adverted to such as should be abso-
lutely necessary to make effectual the express
powers, would be to defeat the most important
provisions of the instrument; and in illustrating
that he says:
" The powers vested iu Congress may certainly be car-
ried into execution without pieseiibnig'an oath of office.
The power to exact this security for the faithful perlbim-
anceofduty is not given, nor is Hiudispensably necessary.
The different departments may be.establMied; taxes may
he impos-ed and collected ;aumesai l navies maybeuiised
and maintained; and money maybe borrowed, without re-
quiring an oath of office. It might beaigucri with a-? much
plausibility, as other incidental powers have been assailed,
that the Convention was not4umnindful o.f this subject.-
The oath which might be exacted—that of fidelity to the
Constitution—is ptes-ciibcd, and uo other can be required
Yet he would be charged with insanity who should con-
tend that the legislatuie might not superadd to the oath
duected by the Constitution Mich other oath of otficeas its
wisdom might suggest."
Prescribe it to whom? To those who had an
office to discharge; to nobody else. To prescribe
it to what extent? To prescribe what kipd of an
oath ? Aii oath consistent with the oath required
to be taken by the Constitution, not an oath in
conflict with it. Now what is the oath required
by the Constitution? An oath to support, the
Constitution of the United States. When? Then,
when taken, and for all time thereafter. Not an
oath that they had from the beginning supported
it. Not an oath negatively denying that they had
committed any act which would have been hos-
tile to the Constitution of the United States in the
past,.but an oath dealing with the present and the
future, that now and hereafter I will support the
Constitution, Suppose the oath is taken; that is
one way to test it. Suppose the oath is taken
and the man is loyal now, icpentant of his past
offense, aroused to the necessity of allegiance,
loyal now and continues loyal, would you turn
him out by an indictment for perjury for the vio-
lation of that oath upon proving that he had at
some antecedent time committed the offense of
treason against the United States? Everybody
will say not. Whether they were wise or unwise
in making the oath of allegiance to commence at
the period when it is taken and to date thereafter,
or whether it would have been better to make it
retroactive, is a matter with which the Senate have
nothing to do. That was a question before the
Convention. The Convention had a right to de-
cide for itself and the people had a right to decide
for themselves when they adopted it what kind
of oath they would require; and if they required
an oath binding only to prcsentand future obedi-
ence I should like to see any reason upon which
the authority can be placed that Congress can
require an oath more than coextensive, inconsist-
ent, with that oath of office.
What is the practical illustration of it here, Mr.
President? The most of the Senators upon the
floor have taken only that.oath which the Con-
stitution prescribes. Who knows—I have a right
to assume it for the sake of the argument, though
the fact is not so—who knows judicially that sev-
eral of the members sworn in my presence have
not in the past committed an act of disloyalty to
the United States that might have been punishc-d?
Nobody can know it. You say to the Senators
who have come in since the passage of this a^t—
for by its terms itapplies only to those elected or
appointed m the future—" In.addition to the o**h
taken by your associates, you must take an o;Uh
that you never have committed this offense in the
past." Sir, I thought we were hereequals in.the
eye of the Constitutions having the same rights as
well as bound by the ^ameobligattonis; arxJI.wa$t -
to know upon wh^tgrouncTof reason, up'op'what
show of authority, upon what principle ^f pro-
priety the Senators who are here, only quailed
because they have taken the oath prescribed in
Constitution, have a right to say to m,e Svho have
come in since,4^ Your conscience cannot be trust* k
ed; your word cannot be relied up'fln; the ^tfeCy
of the land demands that, as against yt>u> yoij
should swear that you'have never comr^itte^-aii
offense in the past." Did t^e Constitution of
United States ever con template such 9, distinction
as to the qualification of members upon t&i& figqp?
The honorable member from Maine who is before
me [Mr. Fessendenj has only taken the oatI>
which the Constitution prescribes, is he not
'a Senator? Does this law apply ta him? It ex-
cludes him by its terms, but it applies to mc. -I
take the same oath that he has taken; but then I
assume that he gets up in his place and gays, {<Tlu\.t
will not do; you ate not to be trusted upon the
security which you give by the talcing of that oath';
we want to matte in your case /assurance doubly
sure;' take another, and if you do not take the
other you cannot sit alongside of me; lam m that
respect more than your equal."
^t is not, therefore, as 1 think tjic Senate y?ill
see—certainly the proposition is very clear to jrny
own judgment—whether you can by legislation
impose an oath of office ancillary to, cumulative
of, the oath prescribed by the Constitution; but
whether you can prescribe by legislation an oath
inconsistent with the oath prescribed by the Con-
stitution. You cannot by legislation alter, that
oath, as I suppose everyb^4y will admit. The
proposition that instead of taking the oath pre-
scribed by the Constitution you are to take an
oath such as may be required in the particular law
containing the provision, everybody would say is
unconstitutional'. Why? Only because the oath
contained in the Constitution is one which, being
there, is without the reach of legislative control
of this department of the Government. But can
it not be modified, changed by being added to, as
well as being subtracted from? Can it not bo alto-
gether changed, or changed in many material re-
spects, by incorporating into it what was not in
it before, as well as by taking out of it anything
which was in it before?
Now, if you cannot change directly the consti-
tutional oath by saying that instead oftaking that
a man shall take an oath which will deal with the
past as well as with the future, does it not ne-
cessarily follow that you cannot do the same thing
by leaving that oath in terms unaffected by legis-
lation, hut affected substantially in its operation?
The oath of office, from the very nature'of the
Constitution, excludes any oath inconsistent with
or which enlarges that oath of office. I do not
mean by that a mere oath of office that the party *
will discharge the functions of the particular of-
fice, but an oath of allegiance which is more than
coextensive with the meaning of the oath of alle-
giance prescribed by the Constitution is obnox-
ious to the objection that that is a law (if provided
for by law) which changes, modifies in a very
material respect a provision of the Constitution,
intended to be altogether without the control of the
legislative power. Now, as I understand it—and
a word only in reference to the application of the
authority I am^boutto cite,and 1 shall have done
—in the case of Baiker vs. The People, reported
in 3 Cowen's Reports, the question was whether
an act to prohibit dueling, the punishment of
which it was provided should be, in part, dis-
qualification for office, was' in that particularcon-
stitutional. The court of errors of New York
decided that it was constitutional because, under
the genera! authority to legislate over all crimes,
they had the authority to affix any punishment
that they thought proper; but the judge said, in
delivering the opinion: Cl Important as this right
is," that is, the right of holding office, "it stands
as the right to life itself stands, subject to the gen-
eral power of the Legislature over crimes and pun-
ishments. As a right flowing from the Constitu-
tion, itcannot be taken away by any law declaring
that classes of men, or even a single person not .
convicted of a public offense, shall be ineligible
to public stations." Rut this^law (and the valid-
ity of n, a^ I stpted just now, is put by the hon-
orable member from Vermont upon that ground)
punishes by disqualification without conviction.
