3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. LAKE, of Kansas. The chairman says
he lias consulted with the parties interestnd. Has
lie consulted with the company that has con-
structed forty miles of the'road? Are they will-
ing to accept the bonds with interest payable in
legal-tender notes instead of in gold ?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 have not consulted that
company.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is the company
that is constructing the Kansas branch. Thatis
the only company that has made any portion of
the road under the oldbill.
Mr. HARLAN. Under the old bill interest is
payable in lawful money only and not in gold
and silver.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate and the
amendment was concurred in. The amendment
was ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read atliird time. It was read the third time, and
passed. private bills.
Mr. CLARK. I desire the Senate at some time
when it may be convenient—I will not ask for it
to delay public business—to give me a little time
for a few private bills which come from the Com-
mittee on Claims. ["Agreed!"]
PRIZE PROCEEDINGS.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the bill (H. R.
No. 446) to regulate prize proceedings and the
distribution of prize money, and for other pur-
poses, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. POSTER. In line sixteen of section eight,
I move to strike out " marshal"and insert" auc-
tioneer."
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. FOSTER. In line nineteen of that section
I move to strike out " he" and insert" the mar-
shal."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. On page 15, section sixteen,
line nine, I move to strike out the word " by"
and insert the words "in their accounts with."
It now reads:
And tin: persons entitled to share therein shall he sever-
aliy credited hy the Navy Department with the amounts to
which they art* respectively entitled.
It should read, " in their accounts with the
Navy Department."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. FOSTER. On page 1G, section sixteen,
line twenty-three, I move to strike out the words
" officered, manned, and." It now reads:
1'rovided, THat ill case or vessels not of the Navy, Imt
odieeied, manned, and controlled by any Department oi' the
(Jovei nmunt, the whole amount dec,reed to the captor* bliall
be divided among the ship's company.
It should read, " but controlled by any Depart-
ment of the Government."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concutred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
I'UIiUC ITvOPElVTY IS WASHINGTON.
Mr. MORRILL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the joint resolution (H. It. No. Ill)
authorizing the Secretary ofthelnterior to reclaim
and preserve certain property of the United States,
to report itback to the Senate without amendment
and with a recommendation that it pass; and as
it is a matter of importance, 1 ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to prevent the improper appropriation
or occupation of any of the public streets, avenues,
squares, orreservations in the city of Washington
belonging to the United States, and to reclaim the
same if unlawfully appropriated, and particularly
to prevent the erection of any permanent building
upon any property reserved to or for the use of
the United States, unless plainly authorized by
act of Congress; and to report to the Congress, at
the commencement of its next session, his pro-
seedingsin thepremises, together with a full state-
ment of all such properly, and how and by what
authority the same is occupied or claimed. Noth-
ing herein contained is to be construed to interfere
with the temporary and proper occupation ofany
portion of such property, by lawful authority, for
the legitimate purposes of the United States.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
STEAMBOAT MAONET.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the bill which is
the special order of the day, Senate bill No. 171.
Mr. SPRAGUE. With the permission of the
Senator from New York [Mr. Harris] who has
charge of that subject, I will ask the Senate to
take up Senate bill No. 322. It is a bill reported
from the Committee on Commerce, simply pro-
posing to change the-name of a vessel.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 3S2) to change the name of the
steamboat Magnet, of Buffalo, to Home.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DIRECT TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 171)
further to amend an act entitled "An act for the
collection of direct taxes in the insurrectionary
districts within the United States, and for other
purposes," approved June 7, 1862, the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Ten
Eyck to strike outallof the first section of the bill
after the enacting clause in the following words:
That in any case in which a sale of lands or tenements
has lieen or shall he inaile by a board of tax commissioner*,
appointed pursuant to the act of which this is an amend-
ment, and a ceititicate of sale issued by the board to the
purchaser or purchasers of said lands or tenements, it shall
and may be lawful for tlie tat commissioners to issue, in
such form as the Secretary of tile Treasury thai! prescribe,
a writ, directed to the marshal of the district in which said
landsor tenements are situated,commanding iuni to put the
said purchaser or purchasers forthwith into possession of
the said lands or tenements, ami to make return of his pro-
ceedings under the said writ within thirty days tottie com-
missioners, who shall keep a record of their proceedings m
the matter, and who may, in case ofany failure on the
part of the said marshal to execute the tirst writ, issue alias
and pluries writs, us the circumstances may to thein seem
to require. In case the marshal of the district shall be un-
able, either by himself or by deputy, to execute such writ,
or in case there shall be no marshal of the United States
within tlie said district at the time of the issuing of said
writ, the same may be executed and returned by any lit
person, to be specially appointed by the said hoard of tax
commissioners lor the purpose, which appointment shall
be in writing and indorsed on the said writ: Provided,Tliat
where the lands or tenements so sold shall, at the time of
sueh sale, be occupied by the United Estates authorities
for hospital or other purposes,the issuing of such writsliall
be suspended during such occupancy, and the purchaser or
purchaser of such lands or tenements shall be entitled to
and receive such rent or compensation for tile use. of such
lauds or tenements as tlieSecietary of the Treasury, under
regulations prescribed by him, shall older or direct.
The motion to strike out w?,\s rejected.
Mr. HARRIS, I offer the following amend-
ment to come in as a new scction:
And be it further enactcd. That when any lands, tene-
ments, parcHs, or lota of land wiih.h have been selected
tinder direction of the President for Government use, or
winch have, been purchased at any sale made by a board of
tax commissioners for the United states, have been entered
upon by persons claiming preemption nants thereon, with
the consent or by the authority of tlie board of tax commis-
sioners, and in accordance with instruction.' heretofore
issued by the, President of the United Slates, t>uch per-
sons shall bti taken anil deemed to have aequned rights of
preemption in said land ; and all eeuiiieates that have been
issued or that thall hereaiter be issued by the said board
ofcomnils^ionerti to such person ? t ball be valid and effectual
as though tamed pursuant to the act of winch this ia amend-
atory.
The amendment was pureed to.
Mr. HARRIS. 5 offer another amendment to
come in as a new scction:
Jlnd ie it further maded, That hoards of tax commis-
sioners shall give such noiice by advertisement of sales of
lands to be made by them by authority of law as the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of the
Secietary of the Treasury, shall order and direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thiid read-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
ENROLLED WLLS SIGHJSU.
A message from the [louse of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled_ bills; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 266) to prevent smuggling, and.
for other purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 296) in relation to the fees and
emoluments of the marshal, attorney, and clerk
of the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes.
ENCODItAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to post-
pone all prior orders with a view to take up House
bill No. 411, to encourage immigration. It will
take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which had been reported from the
Committee on Agriculture with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that it is
necessary to read the bill or the amendment at
large. The Senate unanimously passed a bill on
this subject at an early stage of the session, which
was very maturely considered by the Committee
on Agriculture,and sentitto the House. Shortly
after that the House passed another bill on the
same subject, and sent it to the Senate, the two
bills never having been brought in contactwith each
other. The Committee on Agriculture have re-
considered the whole matter, and we came to the
conclusion that the Senate bill as we passed it was
all the aid that Congress ought now to render.
We propose to strikeout the whole of the House
bill and insert the Senate bill, which has already
received the sanction of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
will be dispensed with, if there be no objection.
The question is on theamendmentreported from
the Committee on Agriculture.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know what
the provisions of the bill are.
Mr. SHERMAN. It can be read if desired,
it is not very long. The provisions are very
simple. The bill has been once acted upon by
the Senate. I will state to the Senator that the
first section of the bill provides for a Commis-
sioner of Immigration; the second authorizes the
Comniissionerof Immigration, in order to encour-
age immigration, to distribute information to the
countries from which the immigrants come, and
makes on appropriation for that purpose, the
whole amount being $50,000 per annum. The
bill is on a modest scale to commence with. We
believe that the organization of such a bureau
might properly facilitate immigration at this time,
and probably avoid the difficulties and frauds
that are practiced on immigrants.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the read-
ing of the bill desired?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendmentwas concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
freedmbn's BUREAU.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senate, before it
proceeds to the consideiation of that bill, will
take up the motion to reconsider the vote passing
Senate bill No. 37. There will be no debate upon
it at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest that the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is not now in his
seat. I do not think the Senate ought to proceed
with that subject in his absence.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to have that motion
voted upon. I do not want the bill to be kept
here by this motion to reconsitler sq that if it
should finally pass there will be no time foraction
upon it in the House of Representatives. I sup-
pose the Senator from Michigan is in the Capitol,
and can be here in a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. As he is not in his seat I
should not deem it right for that motion to be
taken up in his absence. I think we can proceed
with the bill I'have indicated, and with a few
amendments that 1 propose to make bring it to a
close.
