1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dim
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for tlie yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Foot,
Barlan, Harris, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague,Sutnner, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Cowan, Davis, Hicks, Nesmith,
Powell, Riddle, and Saulsbury—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Collamer, Conness,Bii-
on, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harding,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Lane of Kan-
sas, McDougall, Richardson, Ton Eyek, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley, and Wright—21.
So the motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
BAIL IN CASKS OF MILITARY ARRESTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that bill 1 will ask the Senator from Massachu-
setts to allow me to take up a little bill, by unan-
imous consent, that will take but a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. If my bill can be passed over
informally, without losing its place, I shall have
no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is Senate bill No.317,
providing for bail in certain cases of military ar-
rests.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary have reported the bill, with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. I suggest,
therefore, that the amendment only be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the bill after theenacting clause, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That upon all arrests under section sixteen of an acton-
titled "An act to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Arinv, and for other purposes," approved
July 17, 1SG2, bail shall be allowed, and such bail on de-
saand of the party so arrested may be taken before the chief
or any associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United
tftates, of the District ot Columbia, or of any Territory of
the United States, any judge of a district court of the United
States, or commissioner of the circuit court authorized to
take bail, who Miali exercise their discretion therein re-
garding the nature of the offense and the evidence and
usages of law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to offer one or two
amendments to the amendment, merely to correct
the phraseology, not altering the meaning- In the
first line of the amendment I move to strike out
the words "ail arrests under,"and-to insert, " the
arrest of any contractor charged with the com-
mission of any offense specified in."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In line six, after the word .
" bail," I move to insert " for his appearance to
answer before the court-martial."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
j3nd be it further enacted, That any officer in the execu-
tive, military, or naval service of the United States who
sliall arrest, or cause to be arrested, any person or persons
not engaged in the military or naval service of the Unitf-d
States, and who is not engaged in the rebellion against tiie
United States, shall immediately hand the person or per-
sons so arretted over to the civil authorities to have tlieir
case investigated and the parties so arrested tried accord-
ing to law. Any officer engaged in the executive, naval,
or military service of the United States, who shall violate
tins section shall be deemed guilty of felony, and upon in-
dictment and conviction thereof in any court of the United
States having jurisdiction to try and punish such cases,
shall be punished by a fine of not less than §500 and not
exceeding $10,000, or confined in the penitentiary not less
than one year nor more than five years, at the discretion of
tiie court trying the same: Provided, That nothing in this
section shall be so construed as to prevent any person who
shall make an unlawful arrest from being prosecuted m a
civil suit for damages for such unlawiul arrest.
Mr. President, the bill before the Senate pro-
vides that contractors and that description of per-
sons who, by virtue of the statute of 1862, are to
be tried by military law, shall be allowed bail.
The amendment of that law proposed by the com-
mittee 1 think is very proper. But there is an-
other class of cases that requires, in my opinion,
the attention of theSenate. Theamendmentthat
1 propose requires every officer engaged in the
executive, military, or naval serviceof the United
States, when he arrests a citizen, a person who
is not engaged in the military or naval service of
the United States, and who is not engaged in the
rebellion, to hand him over to the civil authorities
to be tried and punished, if found guilty, for his
offense. In the event that they refuse to do that
they are to be deemed guilty of felony, and are
to be indicted, fined, and imprisoned for the
offense. We have a law upon our statute-book
requiring certain persona who have charge of
civilians who have been arrested, to hand them
over to the courts, and punishing them with fine
and imprisonment if they fail to do so. That al-
ludes to the jailor, the subordinate officer who
has the immediate custody of the party; but
there is no law punishing your higher Officers
who order the arrest and who order the impris-
onment of those persons for thus confining them.
It strikes me as being eminently proper that the
officers of this Government when they lay their
hands upon a citizen and imprison him should at
once hand him over to the civil authorities to
have the case investigated, and if he is guilty, let
him be tried and punished; jf he is innocent, let
him go free.
We know, sir, that the officers of this Govern-
ment have, without any authority of law what-
ever, arrested persons, thrown them into prison,
detained them there for months, and then turned
them out without any investigation of the charge
against them after keeping them confined such a
length of time. That is manifestly wrong. If
the officers of the Government arrest one who is
not guilty, it is certainly due to the citizen that
he should be handed over to the civil tribunals so
thathe can be tried, and enlarged if innocent. If
he is guilty, it is the duty of the officers of the
Government to see that he is tried and punished.
If, however, the officer fails to prove the accusa-
tion, if he makes an unlawful arrest, he ought to
be tried as a felon and punished as a felon. I
hope the amendment will be adopted, and I ask
for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken
1 desire simply to say that we considered the
amendment which the Senator from Kentucky
has jproposed to the bill under consideration' in
the Committee on the Judiciary, of which lie is
a member, and we thought it ought not to be
adopted. I do not wish to enter into a discussion
or to say anything to provoke discussion about
it, because it is only by the courtesy of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that I have been able to
get the bill up. The Senator from Kentucky
himself has no objection to the bill which we have
reported; in fact, he is in favor of it. I wish he
would not insist upon the attempt to put tins
amendment on the bill, and if he does I trust the
Senate will vote it down.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Illinois is
very correct when he says this amendment was
rejected in the Committee on the Judiciary. It
was so rejected. Fie is also correct when he says
I favor the bill as it is. I do. I think the bill as
it is is eminently proper, but I think this amend-
ment is quite as proper as the bill, and more so.
It punishes a class of persons who have been
guilty of the most flagrant and unconstitutional
outrages upon the right of the citizen, and in my
judgment we should adopt it.
The bill reported by the committee had its ori-
gin in this: certain persons in the North who
were engaged as contractors have been arrested
by military authority, those persons having been
by virtue of a statute made amenable to military
laws; they have been confined; a long time has
elapsed; they cannot get out of prison, and there
is no law authorizing bail m their cases. This
bill reported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
in my judgment very properly allows those par-
ties bail. That is eminently proper; it is in ac-
cordance with the spirit of our institutions. But,
sir, while we are relieving those persons in the
North, who by virtue of the law are liable to be
punished by military law, we ought to punish
those persons who are constantly, daily, and
hourly depriving citizens of their liberty without
any authority of law; and that is the object of
the amendment that I propose. If any officer of
this Government thinks that a citizen has been
guilty of any crime, and he chooses by virtue of
his office to arrest him, either with or without
authority of law, let him hand that man instantly
over to the civil authorities and have the case in-
vestigated. That is all that the section i propose
requires him to do. It says that if he lays his
hand upon a citizen and charges him with crime,
he shall hand bim over to the authorities and let
'i/P °"Be investigates, and let him be punished
,, '8 jpilty. No man can say that Is not right.
If an officer arrests a man and does not thus band
"I!1*" ?.ver t0 'he civil authorities to have his case
adjudicated and have him punished if guilty, then
the amendment declares that officer to be guilty
of a felony, and provides for punishing him ac-
cordingly. That is all there is in it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think there
has been no more important proposition offered
during this session than that covered m the amend-
ment of pny colleague. One of the moat amazing
and incomprehensible matters to me that distin-
guishes the extraordinary times in which we live
is the perfect indifference of the Congress of the
United States to the personal rights and liberties
of the people, and not only the apathy with which
they permit them to be outraged, but the legisla-
tion which they are disposed to adopt to enc par-
age these outrages and violations of the personal
liberties of the people, and to relieve those who
are guilty of such infringements upon the most
invaluable rights of the citizen from all punish-
ment or accountability. I repeat, 1 am amazed
at the course of the Congress of the United States
in relation to this subject of arbitrary military
arrests. Wescarcely read a newspaper that docs
not inform us of some instance of the kind.
I road yesterday an account of the arrest of a
citizen of Detroit who was in the city of New
York engaged in making purchases probably for
a mercantile establishment. He was touched
upon the shoulder by a man who slipped up be-
hind him and requested him to go with him. He
did so. He had not walked far before he found
himself in the presence of a military guard. That
guard took him to prison. He demanded to know
what offense he had committed, what charges had
been preferred against him, under what author-
ity he was arrested and held in imprisonment,
and where he was to be taken to. There was no
information whatever given him upon any of
these points. He was dragged to a distant prison
and confined for some time, and then was un-
locked and told he might go thence, without a
word of explanation in relation to the course that
had been taken concerning him for his confine-
ment.
Sir, are we in Russia? "Are the free people of
the United States in Turkey? Are we in some
dark despotic Government where nothing like
human liberty or the forms of law which protect
human liberty and the existence of courts and
the administration of justice according to law pre-
vail? It would seem so. There is not a man who
hears my voice, who has two ideas of law and
constitutional liberty,but what will concede that
such conduct as that is such an outrageupon any
citizen as that that citizen is authorized instantly
to slay the man who is guilty of it. Why, sir, the
rights of persona! liberty, the great rights that
distinguish either general or perfect or qualified
liberty in any country, are more respected, are
asserted with more independence, are enforced
with a more regular administration of the law in
England by all odds than they are in the United
States since the commencement of this rebellion.
I will read a passage from an argument of Lord
Denman, late Chief Justice of England, bearing
upon these points. He said:
" He believed that all Westminster Hall, including the
judicial bench, wore unanimous in holding the opinion ex-
pressed by Hie noble earl"—■
Alluding to a speech of the Earl of Aberdeen,
then British Secretary ofStatefor Foreign Affairs,
on the subject—
" and that, in this country, there was no right of deliver-
ing up, indeed nu means ol securing persons accused of
crimes committed In foreign countries. The matter was
under discussion frequently when the alien bill had been
year after year before the House of Commons, and the law-
yers of all parties had come to the same conclusion.
" Nor were these opinions confined to the lawyers of
Europe ; great lawyers of America, men distinguished by
tlieir profound erudition, whose decisions are so highly
respected among us, and whose valuable works on great
legal questions are studied and consulted in this country
with the highest advantage, held the same doctrine. In-
deed,
" ' Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries on American
Law, (1836) appears to incline to tile opinion of Grotius
and Vattcl, against that of other eminent jurists, that per-
sons accused of crimes ought to be delivered up to the
countrywhere tbcv are accused, and one case appenrs to
have been decided'by him«elf when lie held liis office In
