1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
hold them to be in a state of political inequality
until they shall be tired of it. I have no partic-
ular regard/or the rights of persons who have
committed treason against the Government and
murdered its loyal citizens.
But, sir, to quit this digression, lefus come to
the two principal points of objection which are
raised against the adoption of this rule. The first
one insisted upon strenuously by the honorable
Senatorfrom Delaware and by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland is that by the terms of this
act of 1862 Senators and members of' the House
of Representatives are not included in it, and that
therefore the oath embraced in the statute cannot
be required at their hands. On this subject we
have had, it seems to me, a good deal<of ingenious
argument and ingenious construction; but it has
all failed to convince me—I speak for niyself—
that the terms of the act do not require of mem-
bers of Congress the taking of this oath. Itseems
to my mind quite plain that it is the only con-
struction which you can give to the statute. Let
us read it more particularly:
"JBc it cnacted, $c., That hereafter every person elected
or appointed to any office of honor or profit under the Gov-
ernment of the United States, either in the civil, militaiy,
or naval departments of the public service, excepting the
President of the United States, shall, before entering upon
the duties of such office, and before being entitled to any
of the salary or emoluments thereof, take and subscribe the
following oath or affirmation."
Now, sir, it is alleged in support of the first ob-
jection, that a Senator of the United States is not
a civil officor of the United States. ' Suppose, for
the sake of argument, we grant that in the sense
of the Constitution a Senator is not a civil officer,
does it necessarily follow that because he is not
he is notembraced within the terms and meaning
of this statute? Not at all. The statute says
nothing about a civil officer of the United States;
it speaks of every person "elected or appointed"
to any office of trust, honor, or profitin the three
departments of the Government mentioned in the
statute, to wit, the civil department, the military
department, and the naval department of the pub-
lic service. Every person elected, as well as every
one appointed, is subject to the application of'.he
statute. Now, that this language was not intended
.to be applied exclusively to the civil officers of
the United States spoken of in the Constitution,
is to my mind entirely obvious. How are the
civil officersof the United States appointed ? How
do they obtain their office? By what process is
it that they are inducted into an office and enabled
to enjoy its emoluments? Not by an election,
because an election implies the action of some pop-
ular body. They obtain it by the appointment
of the Executive and the confirmation of the Sen-
ate. But this act does not restrict itself to person^
who may be appointed m that constitutional man-
ner. It goes further. It extends to all persons
who may be elected to any one of these three
branches of the public service. Is not a Se'nator
elected? Yes, sir. Are not Representatives elected?
Yes, sir. Is not the Vice Presidentof the United
States elected ? Yes, sir. Ail these classes of pub-
lic functionaries hold their offices by moans of an
election.
Now, upon what.principle of construction it is
that the learned Senator from Maryland and the
equally learned Senatorfrom Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] can contend that this statute may apply by its
terms to civil officers, those appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, and not apply to those
persons who are elected, that is, Senators and
Representatives, I cannot understand. If a per-
son is employed in any one of these three branches
of the public service, the civil service, the military
service, or the naval service of the United States,
whether he obtains that office or post by virtue of
an election or an executive appointment, he comes
plainly enough within the very language of the
statute. An inquiry as to what classes of persons
its terms include, leads directly to this result.
Again, sir,-the act provides that the " said oath,
so taken and signed, shall be preserved among the
files of the court, Housjtof Congress, or Depart-
ment to which the said office may appertain," inti-
mating plainly that the intention of Congress, in
the passage of the act, was that every member of'
the Senate and every member of the House of
Representatives should take the oath and sign it,
and that the oath itself, thus written and signed,
should be filed away in the archives of the body
to which the member belonged. I can draw no
other conclusion from the language. Itwasclearly i
the intention of Congress m ptissing the act to I
apply it as well to Senators and Representatives '
in Congress as to any other persons engaged in
any one of these three branches of the .public ser-
vice.
Now, sir, had Congress the power under.the
Constitution to pass this statute thus requiring
this oath in addition to the oath required oy the
Constitution from members of this House and the
other? If we have not that power, we oughtnot
to attempt to exercise it; it would be vain, nuga-
tory, and worse than useless; but if we have the
power, then the only remaining question for the
Senate to determine will be whether it is worth
while toadoptarule of this body for the purposeof
carrying out the statute. It is very true that there
is no express clause of the Constitution author-
izing Congress to exact such an oath. I concede
at once the soundness of the doctrine laid down
by the Senator from Maryland, that unless this
power is contained in some express clause of the
Constitution, or derived by natural, reasonable,
necessary implication from the Constitution, we
do not possess it. But, sir, upon this question I
cannot entertain the slightest doubt. When we
read the instrument we see at once that the vital
blood of the Constitution, its animating principle,
without which it is a dead letter, inoperative,and
totally worthless, is fidelity to the principles and
a willing obedience to the commands oi the in-
strument. Without this friendship for the Con-
stitution, without a ready and cordial obedience
to its commands, without an earnest, honest, sin-
cere, pure intention to carry out its provisions,
and execute itduringall time,it would, as an in-
strument of govern ment.be entirely nugatory and
a dead letter. Its vital principle is fidelity to iton
the part of those who are intrusted with its exe-
cution. Withoutthisfidelityitis worthless. "With
it, I trust in Heaven it will endure forever.
Now, sir, upon principle it strikes me that it
would be very strange if, as we are bound by
oath to support this Constitution, as it is our duty
perpetually to support and enforce it—it would
be strange indeed if we were totally powerless as
to all the means of obtaining security for the fu-
ture, with a view to that great end. The Con-
 tytution declares in so many words:
" The Senators and Representatives befoio mentioned,
and the members ot'the scveial State Legislatures, and Jill
executive and judicial officois both oi the United States
and of the several States, shall be bound by oath 'or allirin-
ation to support this Constitution."
The form of the oath or affirmation is not given
in the Constitution;and the omission of itplainly
implies a power on the part of Congress to pass 1
some statute which shall carry oifr and execute
the purpose and intention of the Convention in
adopting that particular clause.
Sir, what is it to support the Constitution?
What does this language imply? What is this
duty? It certainly does not mean a mere indif-
ference to the continuance of the Constitution as
an instrument of government. It means some-
thing more than mere carelessness and apathy.
It means a continued, sincere, honest, andjmre
intention of the person to whom the execution of
its powers is intrusted, actively to carry out its
provisions; to support it, to uphold it, to defend
it, to maintain it on all occasions, and in every
manner m which it may become necessary to re-
sist and overthrow its enemies. And now we
are told that the only security which the country
has under the oath of office required by the Con-
stitution in these brief terms is simply and solely
the promise before God of a man who presents
himself in this Senate that he will for the future
support and uphold it. Sir, I tlnnk this is a very
narrow, a very imperfect, and a very inadequate
view of all the duty so plainly required of us by
this clause. We well know that by the common
law on tiny trial of an issue, however inconsid-
erable, in however insignificantacourtof justice,
it is the right of the party against whom a wit-
ness is produced.to put him on his voir dire, his
oath, for the purpose of ascertaining whether he
is free from all interest and all bias in the testi-
mony he shall give. If every court of justice may
do this in controversies between individuals—if
this natural and rational precaution may be de-
manded in the smallest private affairs—shall it be
said that the Senate of the United States is more
liable to imposition and has less power of self-
protection than a justice's court—that it is wholly
impotent and imbecile? Why^is it that the wit.
ness is interrogated as to his interest and his bias
before he is allowed to testify? Because itis
necessary to the purity of the stream of justice*
and to its impartial administration, that a witness
shall not be allowed to testify to facts who is
tainted with the objection of interest? Np, sir;
this objection is entirely untenable. We most
have a right to go back and inquire into the ante-
cedents of the person who presents himself here
for admission. The first inquiry should be
whether thjs promise, imperatively exacted by the
Constitution, to support it, is likely to .be kept;
for if the man is not likely to keep his oath, if it
shall appear probable that he is as likely to go
away to-morrow and break it as he is to take it
to-day, then it is evident that the oath will have
no binding effect on his conscience, and is an idle
ceremony, a wicked mockery.
The act of July 2,1862, like the resolution un-
der consideration, requires the applicant to purge
himself upon oath before he is admitted to a seat •
in this body. Why is this? It is that he may
give to the "Government which he offers to serve
and to the country an assurance that he has never
by any act of his committed an actof hostility to
the Government, thus furnishing an additional
security, an additional pledge, that he will never
violate the oath he has taken, by acting falsely
or traitorously to his country and its Government.
Nor is there any hardship in this, Mr. President.
Any "man who has once willingly borne arms
against the Government of the United States or
yielded aid and comfort to this atrociousrebellion,
any man who has deliberately and without coer-
cion sought to overthrow the Government, to dis-
place its authorities, and to institute another gov-
ernment upon its ruins, is totally unworthy of a
seat in either House of Congress. He is not to
be trusted, because his previous acts have settled
the question as to his probable fidelity for the fu-
ture; hi^ previous conduct has shown that he is
not worthy of the high trust he seeks. Like the
position of a witness who has ail interest in the
issue upon trial, his previous history excludes
him entirely from the right of appearing and tak-
ing part with loyal men in the administration of
this Government.
There is nothing in this oath whioh is in any
way inconsistent with the requirements of the
Constitution. Itis not in hostility but in addi-
tion to and in affirmance and support of the oath
or affirmation expressly required by the sixth
article. It is simply furnishing to the country a
further and more perfect assurance and security
against the possibility of the applicant violating
his oath and again turning his arms against his
country, and in this view of the subject I cannot
hesitate as to the power of Congress to pass the
act, and the power of the Senate to adopt the rule
which is now pending befoie us.
Much has been said about the cases of Blount
and Smith, at a former period of our history at-
tempted to be impeached. If I understand it
rightly, the only point decided in those cases, or
either of them, was this: that for the purpose of
impeachment by the House of Representatives,
and trial in the Senate, a Senator is not to be re-
garded as a civil officer of the United States. That
is the whole extent of the decision. It goes no
further, and confines itself strictly and plainly to
that. Undoubtedly, that decision is perfectly cor-
rect, because, for the purposes of impeachment,
very clearly a Senator is not a civil officer of the
United States. 1 do not look upon the require-
ment contemplated in this rule as any punish-
ment of the person of whom the oath may be re-
quired. It has been denounced here as inflicting
i! apunishment upon the applicant. Whatpunish-
'' ment? Does it deprive him of his personal lib-
erty? No, sir. Does it affect him in his goods
or estate in any way whatever? No, sir, not in
the slightest degree. It neither takes his life, nor
his liberty,nor his property; and it seems to me to
be entirely idle to attempt to give such an effect
to it as has been forced upon it by the Senator
from Delaware and the Senator from Maryland.
It inflicts no punishment, it deprives the appli-
cant of nothing which is his; it is only taking
additional security for the future against any dis-
loyal or treasonable act by compelling him to de.-
clare upon his oath that he has not hitherto evinced
a spirit hostile to the Government by acts of trea-
son and rebellion.
