2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
and with brains enough to make that will effect-
ive. It was no matter of surprise to me when I
saw his election to Congress. The man was but
the normal growth of the boy—the flower but the
expansion of the bud—the autumnal fruit but the
full development of the blossom of the springtime.
We differed on many political questions. I do
not remember to have seen him but twice since
we parted at the academy. It is pleasant to me
to remember now, knowing as I do how strong
were his party ties, how ingrained and buried in
bone-deep were his political opinions, and par-
ticularly nis anti-slavery sentiments—for he ever
heard " his brother's blood crying to him from
the ground"—that in submitting that resolution
his eye brightened, and he seemed to feel a pleas-
ure in aiding by voice and vote one whom ho had
known in tiie olden time, the long, long ago.
The resolution was tabled by 27 majority. Not
having been admitted to our seats, we were sent
before the Committee of Elections. That com-
mittee has made an adverse report as to us all.
One of the three, Mr. Kitchen, has already re-
ceived the consent of tins House that he should
retire to private life, and the question now sub-
mitted to your consideiation is as to granting a
like permission to the other two.
When I bear in mind that the Clerk decided
against us, that this House by a decided majority
ignored us, and that we have now to combat the
report of a committee which, if for no other lea-
son, by the character and ability of its members
is entitled to large consideration, I cannot say" I
bate not jot of heart or hope," but I do say, I do
not despair. I believe our claim to be legal and
just, und that, if piesented in anything like its full
strength,itwiil notonly deserve but will command
success.
As the report in my case is brief, with the leave
of the House I wilhead it:
The Committee of Elections, to whom were referred the
credentials ol Lucius H. Chandler, el;uimii£ a neat in tins
Homo as n Representative in the Tluriy-Kigluh Confess
from tin- seeond dMuct of Vugimu, submit the following
repoit:
That the second dMi iet ot Virginia is eoinpo.srd of eleven
conn tie* naiik'ly . Hi iiumvicIc, ihnwuMn , Greenville, l-|r
oi WiLfst. Nanseniond. Noilolk, I'mieevs Anne, l'juier
Gcoi<,'<\ Southampton, Smry,and
<Mi . < 'handler el.inn.-- to have hern elected on the fourth
ThiUMlay in May, 1863, the day lived hy l.uv m the State
of Viitfinia tor the election ol Kepie.seniutive-; to the pu-ri-
ent Confess, l'olls were opened on that day in nine
places in Not folk umnty, I'ortMwmth, and Noifolk, and
the whohi number of votes c.isi was 779, of winch Mr.
Chandler received 778. The committee have not been able
to ascertain how many ot these vote* were ea>t at eaeh of
the s-everal voting places, but hav.j been informed thai al
most the entire vote was cast at the city ot Noifollc. The
conclusion to winch the committee have aiuved does not
rendei u neoe>f«iry to make c< nam thus fact. No vote*
wine cast or polls opened tu any other county in the dis-
trict, for the reason that all the other oountie-. composing
this district, exccpt that ot Norfolk, were either undei the
entire control and occupation ol the rebels or so neailv --o
that no man eonid go to the polls in safety if any had been
opened for the reception ol voles. Tin* following table,
taken Irom the eer^U1-* ot lHG0,\vlll .-how the population ol
the whole district at that time:
o
■T
a
Counties.
rt -t
£
H F,
c
-  *
c>
Brunswick 
1 *,«)<>
!>.tfl7
Dinwiddle 
30,1118
13,<wK
0,S37
llUOU
Greenville 
(>,371
1,971
97-J
'1,10(1
Isle of Wight 
I),077
6,037
9,510
4 Oil)
Nsinsemond 
13,093
5,732
S,S38
r/,%i
Norfolk* 
2*1,420
1-2,091
] J ,807
I'lincess Anne 
7,714
'1,333
3,3bl
Trinee Oeoigc 
8,411
1 ,403
5,5B
Southampton 
1-3.1)!")
5.713
a.vjo
7,-20 -2
Surry 
0.133
i2,a:w
]. 151
3,799
10,175
3,1)8
1,51-2
7.057
Total j
156,636
74,230
3'},879
S"2,3!W
From this table can be seen at a jrlance the pioportioti
which the population fd Norfolk county, when the election
was held, beats to that of the whole diftnet. The com-
mittee aie ofopinion that lus case !•« governed by the prin-
ciples adopted bv tin m in their report in the crw ot B. M.
Kitchen, trom the seventh district in this State.No. 14, al-
ready sanctioned by a vote of the Uou^e, ami aUo in their
report No. 9, in the ea%c of Joseph ciegar, from tiie first dis
tuot in this State, and that in no proper sense can the vote
in one county be treated as. the choice of the other ten
eounue*. prevented by tiie strong arm of the rebellion from
expressing any wi&h at tho ballot-box.
* In census returns, Norfolk county includes Norfolk
ell} and Portsmouth*
The committee do not deem it nccessary to repeat here
the reasons there given for a conclusion founded on a state
of facts so similar that they could discover no new prin-
ciple involved. They theiefore refer to the above-named
reports for a more full exposition of the views of the com-
mittee upon claims of this character, and recommend the
adoption of the following resolution :
Resolved, That Lucius H. Chandler is not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Representative in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress fiom the second congressional district of Vir-
ginia.
The committee, by the way, are mistaken in
supposing that almost the entire vote was cast at
the city of Norfolk. A majority of the votes were
polled in Portsmouth.
It will be perceived by the report that no ques-
tion is made as to mode of election, credentials,
or any matter of form. But as at the organiza-
tion of the House some members thought the
credentials were not properly authenticated, it
may be well to say here that they are in every
respect in conformity with the law of Virginia.
The Constitution of the United States gives the
Legislatures of the respective States full power as
to " times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives," reserv-
ing to Congress the light, at any time, by law, to
" make or alter such regulations, exccpt as to the
places of choosing Senators." Congress not hav-
ing exercised its right," the full power, in this
wise, in with the State.
The only point made by the committee is as to
the vote cast, taken in connection with the small
portion of the district in which polls were opened.
The leport says: " the committee are of opinion
that his case is governed by the principles adopted
by them in their teport in the case of B. M. Kitch-
en, from the seventh district in this State," &c'.
I shall not consume tirpe by reading tho report
in the case of Kitchen. Tho principle adopted m
that case is this: u that where the vote actually
polled in any district is such a minority of the
whole vote that it cannot be determined that the
person selected by that minority was the choice
of the whole district, and the absent majority were
not voluntarily staying away from the polls, but
were kept away by force, then no such selection,
thus made, could he treated as an election." At
the iirtU glance this principle nppeai s sound, with-
out blemish or llaw. It so seemed to me at the
eailiest reading 1 gave it. I am free to say I then
deemed it conclusive against my claim to a seat.
Upon a second reading I changed my opinion,
and thought then, as I think now, that the propo-
sition is but plausible and specious. It embraces
two assumptions:
1. That the absent majority was kept away by
fo j oe.
2. That that absent majority was composed al-
together of Union men.-
In discussing them, 1 shall reverse their order.
As to the assumption that the absent major-
ity was composed altogether of Union men: the
numerical strength of that majority is arrived at
m this way: the ratio of loyal voters in the
counties that did not vote, it is taken forgranted,
was the same as in those that did. It is a simple
question in the " Rule of Three." If a popula-
tion of so many thousands gave so many votes,
how many would a population of another num-
ber of thousands give? With this basis of cal-
culation, the Union vote in that portion of my
district m which polls were not opened would
have been 1,583, taking the whites only. In most
cases the adoption of such a rule would proba-
bly be a properone. Both my colleagueand my-
self admit that with the light the committee had
befote them it was as to us every way fair. I
think my district is an exception to this general
rule, and that I can convince the committee that
it is. A similar state of things exists as to the
district of my colleague.
Three years have rolled round since the ordi-
nance of secession was voted upon in Virginia;
but three years as marked by the oscillations of
a pendulum, the sands of an hour-glass, or the
return of seed-time and harvest; but if measured
by events, it has been an eternity, with an Iliad
of woes. Since 1S38, disunion doctrines, to a
greater or less extent, had been promulged m Vir-
ginia by the bar-room and cross-road politicians,
and now and then by a member of Congress, but
they did not become rampant until the presiden-
tial campaign of 18G0. In the free States the
supporters of Breckinridge weie unquestionably
as loyal as the members of any other party. It
was not so in the southern States—certainly not
so in Virginia. In thatever-memorablecampaign
the line between loyalty and treason was tolera-
bly well defined. Every secessionist was for
Breckinridge; and the converse of the proposition,
that every Breckinridge man was a secessionist,
was %i the main trua. There is an old Greek
proverb, that " from acro-w'seggyoucanexpect*
nothing but a crow." A Union man expected
from a Breckinridge man nothing but adisunion-
ist, and in nine cases out of ten was not deceived
or disappointed. AH Democrats, however, did
not support that ticket. A large number refused
to be switched off the Union track. In my dis-
trict these patriotic men were headed by a gen-
tleman well known to many on this floor and to
the country at large—one whose private charac- *
ter is as spotless as
" the fanned snow,
That's bolted by the northern blasts twice o'er,"
and whose public acts, as part of the imperisha-
ble history of his country, will ever Jo him honor.
1 refer to Hon. John S. Millson.
I was on the Bell and Everett electoral ticket,
and received in the countics and cities composing
my congressional district a plurality of 578 votes.
The Union vote, including of course that thrown
for Douglas, was 6,712. About 2,900 of that Union
vote, or nearly one half, was cast in Norfo'lk
county, Norfolk city, and Portsmouth. At the
latter place was one of the largest navy-yards in
the country. Before the breaking out of the war
it had for years furnished a support to thousands.
The most of the counties in the district are in-
land, and had but a small infusion of population
from the free States. Norfolk and Portsmouth,
on the other hand, were seaports, with a large
number of that class. At the commencement of
the war scores and scores of Union men left these
cities, but returned after our forces took posses-
sion. The congressional election was held the
fourthThursday in May,1863. These cities and
Norfolk county had for a year been held by our
tioops. The other counties had either never been
occupied by us or had been one day in our pos-
session and the next in that of the confederates.
Surely the victorious presence of the old banner
with its stars and stripes, " symbols of light and
law," for a twelvemonth might be supposed to
have had some influence.
In eastern Virginia the vote in favor of seces-
sion, in favor of breaking up the foundations of
that Government which had been cemented by.
thy toils, the tears, and the blood of our fathers,
was very largo. It is true that that unanimity
did not indicate the real state of public opinion.
Thousands of Union men did not vote at all;
other thousands of Union men voted for the ordi-
nance. The questions may be asked, "What
became of the Union men who did not vote?"
" How happened it that Union men could ignore
then* sentiments and vote for secession?" It is
difficult to give to those residing in free States
satisfactoi y answers to these questions. It does,
however, seem to me that there is nothingso very
strange in the state of things that transpired. Go
into any community, north or south, east or west,
and what is the proportion of men who have a
genuine article of moral or physical backbone?
in ordinary times, the "piping times of peace,"
when sailing on the smooth surface of a summer
sea, with the sweet south making soft dalliance
with the sails, we get"along well enough. The
gutta-percha cartilaginous substancc that com-
poses the spinal column of so many of us an-
swers a very good purpose. But when the " rains
descend, and the floods come, and the winds
blow," there is a collapse. •
One of the great evils of modern civilization is
its destruction of individuality of character. Men
notonly move m masses but they think in masses,
and are easily led away by novelty and excite- *
ment. In revolutions the leaders ate bold and
luckless. Many a conservative joins them through
fear, and then, to avoid the suspicion of luke-
warmness, goes further, and becomes more ardent
than tho original agitators. All French historians
tell us that m the first French Revolution, when
the lamp-posts bore such fearful fruit in Paris,
and the gutters literally bubbled with blood, the
mob was always in the minority could theie have
been a fairexpressiou ofopinion.
New coriveits make u<> ni zeal what they lack
in expeiierice. it is one of the settled pnnciples
