THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
These are thereasons3 very briefly given, Mr.
President, which will govern the vote I shall give
upon the passage of this resolution. I think the
times require it. I think it is due to the purity
of the Senate that we should adopt this rule, and
exclude for all time to come persons who come
here with no other recommendation to the favor
of the- Senate er the country except that, although
they have imbrued 'their hands in the blood of
their countrymen, borne arms against their Gov-
ernment, and perpetrated every atrocity, every
brutality -which their ingenuity could devise or
their power enable them to perpetrate, still they
are willing now to come into the Senate and de-
clare that for the future they will be good and loyal
citizens, and will observe and support the Consti-
tution of the United States!
Sir, I have no such tender regard for this class
of persons; and let me say to the Senators on the
other side that whetherthis rebellion is to be put
down or not,.whether there is to be a subjugation
of the southern population or not, we shall be
acting a very childish and very foolish part to de-
mand rio other security from the leaders of the
rebellion than a promise, on their already violated
oath, that hereafter tfyey wHi support the Con-
stitution of the United States. ,Sir, I will never
be wheedled and cheated in this way. if cases
shall arise hereafter in which this statute may op-
erate severely upon a man of undoubted loyal in-
tentions and purposes and good character, there
will be time enough for the two Houses of Con-
gress to consider whether they will repeal or relax
it in his particular case. " Sufficient unto the day
is the evil thereof."
But let me tell Senators here, Senators from the
border Slates as well as others, that the-people of
the North are not such fools as to fight through
such a war as this, to spend so vast an amount of
treasure as they must necessarily spend in bring-
ing it to a. successful termination—they are not
such fools as to sacrifice a hundred and fifty or
two hundred thousand lives in putting down this
rebellion, and then turn round and say to the trai-
tors, *|AH you have to do is to come back into
the councils of the nation and take an oath that
henceforth you will be true to the Government."
Sir, it would be simple imbecility, folly; and for
one I will never, whatever may be the cost or the
consequences of this war, or however long it may
continue, be consciously guilty of such weakness
and such folly.
Mr. FOOT. I do not rise, Mr. President, with
any purpose of debating the question of the con-
stitutionality of the act of July 2, 1862, entitled
44 An act to prescribe an oath of office, and for other
purposes;5'nor, admitting orassuming that act to
be a valid one within the purview of the Consti-
tution, do I propose to discuss the question wheth-
er it is applicable to and embraces members of
Congress within its obligations. I have no diffi-
culty or doubt in my own mind m respect to these
questions. I have already testified in a practical
way my own individual judgment of the binding
force and obligation of that act upon members of
this body by taking and subscribing to the oath
which it prescribes. The only query or doubt in
my mind is in reference to the necessity, or in
reference to the expediency or the propriety even
of incorpoiating into the rules of the Senate a
requirement or obligation which the law itself im-
poses upon us, as though the law itself was not a
sufficient rule to enable the Senate to enforce the
obligation which the law itself creates.
I have taken and subscribed that oath with other
Senators, not, however, by force and virtue of any
rule of the Senate, but only by force and virtue^
of the higher mandate of the law of the land. That
law stands upon your statute-book, and it requires
that, before we enter upon the duties of our office,
and before being entitled to any of the salary or
other emoluments thereof, we shall take and sub-
scribe a certain prescribed oath. That is the law,
sir; that is the positive requirement of the law.
Can you make it any stronger^ any more obliga-
tory by any rule of the Senate? Do you add any-
thing of weight or obligation to this law of Con-
gress by a mere rule of the Senate? Do you add
anything of strength or force to this positive re-
quirement of law by a mere Senate rule? Do you
add anything to the duty and obligation of Sena-
tors to corn-ply with the positive requirement of an
act of Congress by a mere legislative rule of parlia-
mentary practice: IN'one whatever; \nd hence there
is no necessity for the proposed rule; there is no oc-
casion for it; there is nothing to begained by it; and,
I will superadd here,there is no precedent for it.
The rules of the Senate, Mr. President, as in-
deed of alHegislative or deliberative bodies, are
made solely and only for the purpose of main-
taining the order and of regulating the mode of
legislative or executive proceedings in the body
itself. They give no additional sanction or au-
thority to an act of Congress. Nobody.contends
that. The duty and obligation of Senators to
take and subscribe this oath, and the right and
authority of the Senate to enforce that obligation,
rest upon and are derived from the authority of a
positive public law; and the performance of that
obligation, or the exercise of that authority, is not
at ait dependent, and never can possibly be made
dependent, upon any rule of the Senate. A rule
of the Senate required in order to enable the Sen-
ate to execute this law, to require this oath to be
administered to Senators! "Why, sir, we all took
at your desk and in open Senate an oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States before
we entered upon our duties here; and why? Not
because it was required of us by any rule of the
Senate; for we have no such rule; we never had
any such rule; but we took that oath in obedi-
ence to the requirement of law, and not of parlia-
mentary rule.
The act of 1789, the first act of the First Con-
gress of the United States, the first act upon your
statute-book, is an act to regulate the time and
manner of administering certain oaths. It pre-
scribes the form of the oath required by the last
clause of the sixth article of the Constitution. It
requires, further, that this oath shall be adminis-
tered by the President of the Seifate for the time
being to every Senator previous to'his taking his
scat; and from that day to the present time, now
some seventy-five years, the requirements of this
law have been observed, and without any rule of
the Senate on the subject. During all this time,
in conformity with the requirement and under the
authority of th'c law, that Presiding Officer of the
Senate has-administered an oath to support the
Constitution of the United States to every Sena-
tor.before entering upon the duties of his office here
as a Senator. Who ever thought of making it a
ruleof the Senate that this actof Congress should
be enforced? Who ever thought it necessary to
insert it in our Manual of rules and parliament-
ary government and law, that this oath to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States should
jje administered ?
Mr. President, I ask again, what need ic there,
what occasion is there, for a rule ofthe Senate re-
quiring the Senate to do what is already required
of it to do by a more solemn and authoritative act
of Congress? This oath prescribed by the act of
July, 1862, the authority of the President of the
Senate to administer that oath, the duty and obli-
gation of Senators to take and subscribe that oath,
are upon your statute-book, and .can derive no
aid, can need no aid, can receiveno aid whatever,
fiom a mere legislative rule of practice. These
requirement's are imposed by a solemn law of
Congress, sanctioned by the concurrence of all
the branches of the legislative department of the
Government, and you can add not one whit of
weight or authority to these requirements by any
rule of the Senate.
Sir, it would be novel and anomalous, indeed,
to incorporate in our rules of legislative practice
a provision that the Senate shall observe the law;
for that is all there is of it; or, in other words,
that it shall not fail to do what the Constitution or
the law commands it to do, or enjoins upon it to
do. The Constitution authorizes the Senate to
expel a member for cause, two thirds of the body
concurring. Would you have it inserted in your
"Manual of rules that the Senate, when the proper
case should arise, might exercise that power? The
act of 1789, in pursuance of the constitutional re-
quirement, directs that the President of the Sen-
ate shall administer an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United State? to every Senator
before he enters upon his duties here as a Senator.
Would you have it inserted in the rules of the
Senate that it shall obey the mandate of that law?
Is a rule of the Senate necessary to enable the
Senate to execute that law, or to require the oath
to bo administered, or to declare that he is not en-
titled to a seat here and thus vacate it if he refuses
to take it?
The act of July, 1862, declares that hereafter
every person who shall beelected orappointed to
any office of honor or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States, either in'the civil, mil-
itary, or naval departments of the public service,
excepting fhePresidentof the United States—but
not excepting members of Congress, by the way
—before entering upon the duties of such office,
and before being entitled to receive any of the
Salary orotheremolum'entsthereof, shall take and
subscribe the bath which it prescribes—plain,
positive, mandatory. Can you make it more so
by a rule of the Senate? Does it not rather im-
ply that the law is deficient in some respect, and
requires a rule of the Senate to patch it up? And
it is now proposed to insert in the rules of this
body that it shall obey the mandate of this law;
that it shall not disregard or set at naught a re-
quirement of a solemn act of Congress.
I have only to say once more, Mr. President,
that the proposition pending before us is at least
an anomalous one. 1 repeat, there is no neces-
sity for it; there is no occasion for it; there is no
call for it; there is no precedent for it; and it adds
not the slightest weight or authority or sanction
to an already existing, express legal obligation
arising under the law itself. That law is plain and
explicit in its terms, and if it be within the consti-
tutional competency ofCongress to enact that law,
by its terms, without any rule upon the subject,
no man is entitled to a seat on this floor as a Senator
who shall refuse or decline to comply with the re-
quirements of that law and to take and subsciibe
the oath which it prescribes, any more than would
a member elect wno should come here with his cre-
dentials and take his seat be entitled to hold that
seat as a Senator if he should refuse or decline to
comply with the requirements of the act of 1789,
and to take the oath which it prescribes to sup-
port the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. President, we have no occasion for any
rule at all on this subject as a ruleof the body. I
repeat, the law itself is our rule of action in the
piemises, and let that law be enforced, or let it be
repealed.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before this debate closes
I propose to submit some remarks to the Senate
on this question; and if it is the wish of the Sen-
ate I will proceed now.
Mr. SU MNER. Do I understand the Senator
to say he is notdisposed to go on to-night?
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 would rather proceed
to-morrow morning, if it would be agreeable to
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. X ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to withdraw the motion to adjourn
for a moment, to enable me to submit a motion
that When the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senate are disposed to
adjourn over, I will withdraw my motion for the
present. ♦
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon%
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 now renew the motion to
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 21, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MISSOURI CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House deposi-
tions in the contested-election case of James Lind-
say against John G. Scott, of the third congres-
sional district of Missouri; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
On a division, there were—ayes 54, noes 35.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays.
