1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
acting1 as such." .If it is not right to make the share-
holders respon^ible-for the debts which the asso-
ciation has contracted, on the ground that they
are not able to watch the operations of their bank,
it is certainly proper that those who contract the
debts and mismanage the banking interests, tiiat
those wiio create the liability and who have the
charge of this banking system—that they at least
should be responsible to the honest and poor cred-
itor for the debts thus contracted. Directors are
not to be responsible. They are to go on with
their speculations and schemes advantageous to
themselves but ruinous to the creditors of the bank,
to contract to any amount, and yet they are only
to be held responsible to the extent of the stock
they hold, ana that amount more. These direct-
ors will ordinarily hold enough to entitle them
to be directors, and not a dollar beyond it. So
far as the, bank can be made available for their
purposes it will be used, and the common labor-
ers of the country, who arc compelled to receive
this circulation, have no remedy against the di-
rector for every dollar of liability he may have
crcated.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I take it for granted this
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana must
be the law of his State. He talks about the poor
man being affected. The poor man has not largo
deposits, lie may have five or ten dollars of cir-
culation, but th<' circulation is secured by the de-
posit of United States bonds to ten per cent, more
than the circulation tn .addition to the capital of
the bank. It is idle to talk about securing-the
poor man. He is secured by the law as it stands,
and more than secured. The United States is
security for every dollar of circulation that the
banks are capabh of having. There is therefore
no necessity for the amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. When the gentleman speaks
of the security of the United States bonds, does
that apply to the liability for the circulation alone ?
Does that apply to deposits?
Mr. STEVEN'S. 1 have stated that they se-
cured the circulation. As to the depositors, they
are nut poor men; they are rich men, capable of
taking care of themselves. They will deposit
wherever they please, and the assets of the hank
are responsible to them. At any rate they must
look out for themselves.
Mi. IIOLMAN. 1 move tostiike out the last
word. The expeiience of the world, Mr. Chair-
man, has proved that the gentleman's theory is not
correct. When banks have failed, 1 do not care
in whatState of the Union, the weight of the bur-
den has fallen upon the poor men. It is not the
large depositors, but the poor man who lays up
something of* his weekly wages who ims uni-
formly been the victim ofthe.se failures. It is
upon the poor laborer, the widow who seeks a
place of security for her little mite, and all that
class of our people that the losa falls. I do nof
understand that there in any argument against
this proposition. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania advances none. If the directors are to cre-
ate these debts they ought to be held to the strict-
est re.sponsibilitj'".
* The gentleman seems to take it for granted that
I have referred in my amendment to the banking
system ot Indiana. If I had 1 would have leferred
to the soundest money institution in America—to
the old Dank of Indiana, by which nobody < ver
lost a dollar. Not only was that but each braneh
bank was liable It, was that mutual liability
which for over thirty years kept that institution
sound beyond ,\|| possibility of question.
M . hJjDKIi)(_«h. 1 am a little surpiised at
the summary manner in which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania disposes of these questions. When
a motion was made a few moments n^o 
Mi .G1UNNELL, I lise to a question of or-
der. Is (.lie iM-ntii man opposing the amendment?
Mr. LLDU.IDWE. 11'the gentleman willkeep
quiet a little while he will find that out.
Tile-gentleman illustrated hisaigument by say-
ing that if a man held ftjOO of stock he would be
liable for all the debts of the bank. That was
admitted, if there was but one individual or stock-
holder so/vent. lie says he needs only state the
proposition to show it ought not to be adopted;
and now, when it is proposed to make the direct-
ors liable and make thoao who have the manage-
ment and conduct of the o flairs of the bank liable
for its debts, he tells the committee * hat tbeie is
atopic- security, that nobody can iose anything.
In one line of argument he argues that it is mon-
strous to make the stockholders indi vidaally liable,
and in order that the directors shall not be indi-
vidually liable he tells us there is no liability.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman misunder-
stands me. I said there was no liability beyond
the security for the circulation. 1 said nothing
of other debts. „
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The propositions are pre-
cisely parallel. The liability which it was pro-
posed to be fastened on the stockholders is pre-
cisely the liability proposed to be fastened on the
directors, and the argument in the one case would
certainly apply to the other.
Mr. GRINNELL. I rise to a point of order.
11 is that the gentleman is not opposing the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr, ELDRIDGE. I am opposing the amend-
ment last made by the gentleman from Indiana.
I am opposed to striking out the lastwoid be-
cause it destroys the whole proposition, and I am
in favor of the proposition as originally made.
However, I shall submit to the ruling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I was saying that the ar-
gument of the gentleman from Pennsylvania which
demonstrated that the stockholder ought not to
be made individually liable, demonstrated most
clearly that the directors should bo made individ-
ually liable, for the reason that they have the
management, charge, and conduct of the business.
They arc the men, and the only men, who can
know how the bank i&x.onducted; and the small
sums of fen and five dollars, to which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania refers,aieas much to the
poor man as the gentleman'* thousands would be
to him.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the gentleman is not speaking to the amend-
ment before the committee. Thelastword ofthe
amendment which the gentleman fiom Indiana
proposes to stuke out is the word u such," and
the gentleman fiom Wisconsin must confine him-
self to opposing the sinking out of that word.
Mr. ELDlUllGE. If that word is struck out
it destroys the entire amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
it does not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.- I have suggested about all
1 dessi* to say upon this point.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the verbal amendment.'
The question recurring upon the oi iginalamend-
ment offered by Mr. Holmav,
The CHAIRMAN oidered telleis, and ap-
pointed Mr. Hoi.man, and Mr. Rollins uf New
llampshii e.
« The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 17, noes 64; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order to avoid a call of
the roll, I trust it will be agreed that (here may
be a vote taken on this amendment in the House,
and then I will with pleasure withdraw the call
for a division. All I desire is a fair vote upon
the proposition.
Objection being made, and no quorum having
voted, the roll was accordingly called, and the fol-
lowing- members failed to answer to then names;
Mc^rs. James l\ Allen, William J. Allen, A!lev, Arnold,
Franci- t*. Mair,Jacob li. HI.nr. Brooks. S llinwn,
Clay, < 'oilioth,(.'o\, <'rcsw ell, i lenrv Winter Uavi*\ Dawes,
Deuison, f)i i^, Umnont, Eckley, f Men. ftd^eiton', i\un>-
wonti, Kenton, <*aifi< M,! laic, ll<u din;:, Hati uu:t on.{'hui les
M. IfniifJnleimi-, \Vitfinm Johnson, Keili j, Oj(undo
Keliojfffj kernan, King, Knapp. Ijittlejohn, Marvin, MeAl-
ll.-.U>i3 Mi DoWell. iMelndoe, MeKuilieY. M MdU'lon, Wil •
ham |j. .Miller, Daniel Moms U<>nwm, XeK«,n IVjiy,
JJ,id ford, John If. llice.itohinMiu, Uos , Sloan. H mi th, ^ tan,
W iliiam I J. Steele, Suou:-c,TJiayi r, Thorns, Yooi-
1kv<j, W;uis\\orth, Waul. Chilton A. While. Joseph W.
White. Williams-, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood, and Woodbiidge.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Rrandegek reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the national currency bill, and, finding itself with-
out acjuorum, bad caused the roll to be called and
the names of the absentees noted, and had di-
rected him to report the fact to the House, to-
gether with the names of the absentees.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session, the pending question being on
the amendment offered by Mr. Holman.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as one other ques-
tion has been reserved for a vote in the House,I
trust no one will object to this being reserved for
the same purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. If a half dozen men are en-
titled to call for a vote in the House on a threat
to break up the committee, let them break up the
committee. I shall not agree to it.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. That* is not half as
bad as for one man to control the committee.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the twelfth
section of the bill by inaeiting, after the word
"act," in the fourteenth line, the words u and
issue circulating notes;" so that the clause will
read:
The thareholdors of each association formed under the
provision* of tin* act, and of each existing hank or banking
association that may accept the provisions of tins act and
i!s>.ue circulating notes, s«hnll bp hold individually responsi-
ble, equally and ratably, and not one for another, for all
contracts, debts, mid engagements of such association to
the extent of the amount of their stock therein at the par
value thereof, in addition to the amount invested m sncft
shares.
I will state briefly my reason for offering this
amcndmMH. The committee will see by the last
section of the bill (hat the Bank of Commerce of
New York, which is an association organized un-
der the lav/ of New York, asks to be exempted
undei this act from the liability of the stock-
holders for the debts of the association upon the
ground that under the law by which the associa-
tion exists personal liability is not imposed upon
the stockholders, unless the association elects to
issue circulating notes.
Now, I am in favor of putting some clause in
this act to enable that association and others ex-
isting understate laws to relieve themselves from
personal liability if they do not eiectto issue cir-
culating notes; and I am opposed, where institu-
tions ate organized under a State law by which
they are relieved fiom this liability by reason of,
their not issuing circulating notes, to their com-
ing here and asking to be relieved from personal
liability while there is conferred upon them the
additional franchise of issuing circulating notes.
i undei stand that the object of this personal
liability is chiefly to secure the holders of bills
that circulate as money. I am therefore in favor
of conforming this bill in that respect to the law
of the State of New York, from which it has
chiefly been taken,and I propose this amendment
for the purpose of securing that object.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The fifteenth section of the bill was read, as
follows:
Sgc. 15. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if any sliare-
lioldci or his ass-ianec shall fail to pay any Installment on
the sloek when the s.ime lb required by the foregoing sec-
tion to be [i.uci, the director* oi Mich association may sell
the stock hold hv Mieh d<#mqnent shareholder at public
auction, having given three weeks' pievious noticc thereof
in a ni'Wf-papei published and ol eoneral cnculation in the
i ity where the a-'M>eiatKni is located, it the tame be located
in a city, and if not so located, then m a newspaper pub-
lished, oi of iieneial circulation, in the countv where the
same h located, to any person who will pa> the highest price
ihoi elor and not less than the amount then due thereon,with
the expense.- of adveite-ement ami sale, ami the excess, if
any, «-hall !> ' paid to the delinquent shaieholder. If no bidder
can br found who will pay tor such stock the amount due
thereon to the association and the costs of'advortisementand
hale, tile amount previously paid shall be forfeited to the
association, and Mich stock shall be sold as the dnectors may
ordei within six months trom the time of such forfeiture;
and ii not told, it shali be canceled and deducted fiom the
capital stock ol the association; and if such cancellation
and ledtu-Uon tliall reduce the t .tjutaf oi the association
below the minimum of capit.il refpmod by this act. the cap-
ital stock Miall, witlun thiriydnjs from the date of Mich
cancellation, be brought up to tbe requirements ot tnc act,
m detank ol which a jesejver may be appoi-ited to clotsc
up thc biif-mevsj oi the association according to the piovis-
io.is ot the tiny-first section of this act.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend that section
by insei ting, alter the word u city," in line seven,
the woids, 41 or county."
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out, m lines
eight and nine, the words " if the same be lo-
cated in a city, and if not so located," and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the woids, i( and if no news-
paper is published in said city or county."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move further to amend by
striking out in lines nine and ten the words " or
of general cnculation, in the county where the
