1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GHOBli
IM3
same is located," andinserting inlieu thereof the
words " nearest thereto."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move further to amend the
section by striking out " fifty-first," in the twen-
ty-seventh line, and inserting in lieu thereof
" fiftieth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to amend
the section by inserting after the word " may,"
in the fourth line, the words " bring- suit for the
amount in default, or;" so that it will read:
That if any shareholder, or his assignee, shali fail to pay
any installment on the stuck when the same is required by
the foregoing section to be paid, the director* of such*a« &o-
ciation may biing suit for the amount ui default, 01 sell the
stock held by such delinquent shareholder, at public auc-
tion, &c.
The object I have in view will not be accom-
fdished by that amendment alone. It will be fol-
owed by another amendment. We have just been
discussing a section in which personal liability is
established on the part of the shareholders. Now,
by means of this section, whenever a fraudulent
organization has been established, the directors
may proceed and forfeit the stock, and by that
means the shareholders, so far as the depositors
and creditors of the corporation are concerned,
may escape from their liability. It will be neces-
sary in addition to the amendment 1 now offer to
add a proviso that in case there shall be a default
and a sale of the stock, the party whose stoclc is
thus forfeited shall not escape from any liability
which may have accrued under the preceding
section.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the sixteenth
section by inserting, after the word "than," 111
line seven, "$30,000, nor less than;" so that it
will read:
Sec. 16. Jlwl be it further enacted, That every associa-
tion, after having complied with the pi ovisions of thu net,
preliminary to the commencement of banking business un-
dei its provisions, and befoie it shall beauthorized to com-
mence business, shall tidnsfer and deliver to the Treasurer
of the tinned States any TJnlied Htate* registeied bonds
beaung mtei est to an amount not le^ than .$30,000, nor less
than one thud of the capital stock paid in. which bonds
shall be deposited with the Tiea&uier of the United States
and by him safely keptmhis office until the same shall be
otherwise disposed of, in pursuance of the provisions of this
act.
Mr. Chairman*-it will be noticed that there is
a proviso i  the eleventh line that contains this
provision. I shall propose to strike out that pro-
viso and to insert another in place of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I now move to amend the six-
teenth section by striking out the following:
Provided, That the amount to be deposited with the
Treasurei before the commencement of business shall in
no case be less than §30,000: ^nd provided.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And the Seeretaiy of the Treasury is hereby authonzed
to receive and cancel any United States coupon bond's, and
to issue ju lieu thereof registered bond4? of like amount,
bearing a like rate of interest, and having the same time to
run, and.
The object of this amendment will be obvious
to every one. Many of the banks have the cou-
pon bonds to deposit, and this is to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to make the exchange
and give them registered bonds. There is risk in
keeping the coupon bonds on deposit, as they are
passed from hand to hand, while the registered
bonds are recorded.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the twenty-
first section by striking; out the words "or of
equivalent United States bonds bearing a less rate
of interest," and inserting injieu thereof the words
"and not exceeding eighty-five per cent, of the
par value of the bonds deposited, if bearing in-
terest at the rate of five per cent.," so that the
section wiii read:
Sec. 01. And be it further enacted, That upon the trans-
fer and delivery ot bonds to the Treasurer, as provided in
the foregoing section, the as.sociatiun making the same t-hail
be entitled to leceivofidmthe (Jomptrollerof the Currencv
circulating note* ol d tile rent denominations, in blank, regis-
tered and eounterML'ned as heieinaltoi piovided, equal in
amount to ninety per cent, of th<- eurient maiket value of
the United State-s bond>so transtened and delivered, but
not exceeding nnietj per cent, ol the amount ot said bonds
at the pai value thereof, ii bearing mieiest at the iate of six
per cent., and not exeerdmg eighty- live per cent, of the pai
valuo of the bonds deposited, if bearing nUoie<4 at the rate
ot five per ecm., and at no lime shall the total amount of
Mich notes, issued to any such association, exceed the
amount at such time actually paid in of its capital stock.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, this is an im-
portant amendment; but if the gentleman from
Massachusetts has thoroughly considered the
subject 1 am not disposed to make any objection
to it.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, as the five
per cent, stock is worth par in the market the
Committee of Ways and Means considered it
perfectly legitimate and safe to hold it as security
to the extent of eighty-five per cent, of its.pres-
ent value, while the six percent, bonds are held
for the same purpose to the extent of ninety per
cent. The relative value is rather in favor of the
five per cent, bonds. I think there can be no ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts is wrong in his estimate about
these five per cent, bonds being at par. They are
at par on paper; but the amount we are paying
now on these five per cent, bonds is actually ten
per cent, per annum, a very high rate of interest.
What is paper par differs immensely from what
will be, by and by, gold par.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the twenty-
second section by inserting after the woid" plates"
the words "and dies," so that it will read:
Sec.22. Audbeilfuttko encoded. That the entire amount
of notes for eiieul.it ion to be is-ued under this act shall not
exceed $300,000,000. In ordei to turnu-h suitable notes for
circulation, the Comptrollei ot the Cuireney islieieby au-
thouzed and requued. undei the dneetion ol the Sccietary
of '.he Tretnuiy, to eau^e plates and dies to be engraved, m
the he«t rnannei to guasd against counterfeiting and iraud-
ulcnt alterations.
• The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. T move to amend the twenty-
second section by striking out the words "and
issued under the provisions of this act> which
statement shall be;" so that it will read:
Which notes shall express upon their face that they are
secuied by United States bond.-*, deposited with the Tieas-
urer of tht  United States, attested by the written or en-
graved signatures of the Tiea-surer and Register, and by the
impiint ot the seal of the Tieasury.
The object of this amend mentis merely to lessen
the amount of printing to be placed on the notes.
It will be sufficient if the substance be slated with-
out these words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend the twenty-
second section by inserting the words " one dol-
lar, two dollars, three dollars;" so that it will
read:
And to have printed therefrom, and numbered, such
quantity of circulating fiotc.s, m blank, of the denomina-
tions of one dollai, two dollars, three dollais, five dollars,
ten dollars, twenty dollais, tiltv dolIai5, one hundred dol-
lar, five bundled dollars, and one thousand dollars, as may
be lequired to supply, under tins act, the associations en-
tilled to lecnve the same.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to make any very serious objection to this
amendment; but I beg to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that the Treasury^Depait-
mentis authorized to issue legal-tender notes of
less denomination than five dollars; and I under-
stand that it is the intention of the Department to
increase the issue of the small notes. -The Sec-
retary thinks he can make them sufficiently abund-
ant without authorizing their issue by those banks,
i thought it proper to make that statement, and
leave the committee to do as it chooses in the
matter.
Mr. BE A MAN. I wish simply to say to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
that those liirge Treasury notes arc very little
1 circulated in the West. 1 am infoimed by a gon-
1 tleman who has taken some pains to make i -
I quiry that not more than one dollar out of ten is
j in circulation in Michigan.
A Member. Legal tenders?
j Mr. BEAM AN. Yes, sir. It seems, theie-
fore, that there should be small notes to accom-
modate the people of the West.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, I wish to say in regard to this amend-
ment that I hope it will pass. ' I believe that the
country demands it. If I am lightly infoimed,
with the exception of some of our large cities,
perhaps New York and Boston, there is no sec-
tion of the country winch does not feel the abso-
lute necessity of having small bills. I know that
the Treasury proposes to issue small biflU. Any
i individual acquainted with banking-knows if they
I do issue small bills they will stand differently
from what they would if you permitted the banks
to have the bills themselves. For instance, th«
Treasurer is to issue $4,000,000 of currency.-What
difference does it make to him whethe'rit is iir
small bills or bills of five dollars aii4:> tip ward £
It is $4,000,000 of currency in circulation. Sup-
pose the banks have $3,000,000 of circulation.
My colleague well asked what difference it makes,
to these banks? I answer that it makes a material
difference in the country where the banks are io-*
cated. Suppose each bank has its proportion df*
small bills necessary to carryonitsbusiness;and
no bank wiii want any more small bills than the
business requires at that location. Suppose it
has a circulation of $200,000, one sixth of whieh
is small bills. It pays out small bills to its cus-
tomers in order to do business. It has its place
for redemption. If in the State of Massachusetts
it would be at Boston. It pays one sixth partof
its circulation in small bills. Those small bills
go to the place of redemption. The Dank where
it redeems collects these small bills. It has the
control of these small bills. You should then sup-
ply each section of the country with small biHs
necessary to carry on that business. '
On the other hand, if my colleague's ylan be
adopted, and we have the «^me system that we
have had up to the present ume, it will be differ-
ent. Suppose this bank with $200,000 circulation
sends to th'* -ommercial centers, to Boston or New
York, to express jtcertain quantity of small bills,
and when they have been expressed the bank
pays them out to its customers, there is then noth-
ing to control these small bills. When they are
paid out they go to the customers, and are never
returned. When they become scarce, a premium
has to be paid on them.
[Here the hammer full.]
Mr. HOOPER. My object in restraining the
banks in reference to the issue of small notes
was to let the Government have the profit to be
derived from them.
Mr. WILSON. Unless we allow the national
banks to issue small notes we will find it difficult
to supply the demands of the business of the
country for them. The small notes issued by the
Government, being legal-tender notes, will be
hoarded by the banks, and thus withdrawn from
circulation. The banks will derive the benefit in-
tended to be conferred on the people. This we
should prevent by authorizing the national banks
to issue small notes. We must have something
to supply the place of the notes of the Govern-
ment which will retire from circulation to the
vaults of the banks.
Mr. HOOPER. I wished the Government to
have the benefit of any circulation below live dol-
lars.
Mr. PIKE. If the gentleman thinks it well
that the Government should have the control of
the circulation below five dollars, why not as well
above five dollars?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. If the
General Government is to have the advantage of
a certain portion of the circulation, which he pro-
poses to give, what is the difference to the Gov-
ernment whether it be five dollars or one dollar?
What benefit would it be to the Government?
Mr. HOOPER. It would require more than
five ininutesuto answer that fully. I therefore
wish to confine my rematks to this proposition,
that the Government should have the benefit of
issuing all the circulation required below five dol-
lars. When we come to resume specie payment
there should be no issue below five dollars of
small circulation. The substratum of circulation
should be filled with coin. And if the committee
adopt this amendment, 1 hope they will also allow
me to move an amendment, aa a proviso to the
section, which 1 will now read:
Provided, That not mote than one sixth part of the notes
funnelled to an association shall be ot a lest, denomination
than five dollars ; and that after spccie pa} went shall be re-
Mimed no association -shall be furnished with rimes of a less
denomination than five dollars.
I will propose that as a separate amendmentif
this one iw adopted, to limit the small notes to the
period of the suspension of specie payment, and
that when specie payment is restored there may,
be no issue of paper of a denomination below five
dollars.
