1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2819
of human nature. This may be illustrated in a
thousand ways. An Orful Gardner will be more
zealous in prayers and exhortations than an old
Christian. The members of the peace societies
of twenty-five years' service are much fuller of
fight than the veterans of a dozen battle-fields. A
Whig, whether he ratted from honestconvictions
or because his nostrils quivered and expanded at
the savory fumes from the flesh-pots, as a Demo-
crat generally " out-Heroded Herod." If called
upon to select an abolitionist of the first water,
you would take neither Garrison nor Phillips,
but would hunt up jome one who was a pro-
slavery Democrat at the last presidential election.
Add to all this, Mr. Speaker, the long time my
district was in the hands of the confederates, the
money every wealthy man was compelled to in-
vest in the confederate cause, the fathers, broth-
ers, sons, that were seduced or forced mto the
confederate army, the sympathies that naturally
clustered about them, and the difficulty of dis-
criminating between them and the cause for
which they were in arms, and we can understand,
1 think, why some portion of Unionism was
rooted out.
As I have already said, the vote in favor of.the
ordinance of secession was very large, nearly
unanimous. The city of Portsmouth, however
—" blessings be on her and eternal praise"—cast
more votes against it than the balance of the dis-
trict.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of
this House, in view of fact3 to which I have re-
ferred, if they believe loyalty was as generally
diffused throughout the district as it was in Nor-
folk county, Norfolk, and Portsmouth, and if
the ratio, as established by the committee, is a
fair one in my case? But if the assumption of a
" Union vote of 1,588" be correct, does it follow
that it would have been unanimous against me?
Of the 779 votes actually cast I received 778. Is
it unreasonable to suppose that as a Union man,
tolerably well known in the district, I should
have received some of the 1,588, particularly as I
was the only candidate? Is such an inference in
my favor a forced one? Would it require Mr.
Shandy's coach horses with Obadiah in charge of
the reins to draw it? If a " ratio" as to the per-
son for whom the votes would have been thrown
were to prevail as well as the ratio of the commit-
tee as to the number that would have been thrown,
my proportion of the 1,588 would have been 1,586.
In this connection, Mr. Speaker, I wish to
submit a proposition to the chairman. He was
born in Massachusetts. I am of that ilk. We
are " ambo Arcades," and although neither of us
after speaking on this floor, for a few minutes
even, could be considered as in good condition
for singing, we, as Yankees, may be regarded as
always ready for a trade. The only vote I did
not receive at the congressional election in my
district was cast for John Minor Botts. Now,
sir, if the chairman will withdraw my case, refer
it back to the committee, regard Mr. Botta as a
contestant, and upon my withdrawing my claim,
declare him entitled to the seat, I will take my
hat and withdraw from this Hall quicker than Lot
did from Sodom, although angels hastened him.
I will do more. Lot's wife looked back. Not
wishing to draw any invidious comparison be-
tween this House and one of the cities of the
plain, 1 will agree never to look toward it again.
I now pass, Mr. Speaker, to the first assump-
tion of the committee, " that the absent majority
was kept away by force." For the purpose ot
the aigument, I am willing to admit that it was
thus keptaway.and thatbutfur such/oree it would
have been as large as claimed. But I deny the
correctness of the proposition, " that if an absent
majority was kept away by force, then no such
selection thus made could be treated as an elec-
tion." With all respect for the committee, and
for its chairman, who attends principally to the
championship of their reports and right ably
does he discharge this duty—I think such a prop-
osition unfounded in law, unsustairred by reason,
fatally dangerous in practice. Let me be under-
stood. I am not combatting this principle tltoio
calo," but as it applies to the State of Virginia
in the congressional election. Under certain cir-
cumstances the proposition isundoubtedly sound.
If in time of peace the interference of the military,
or if in time of war such inteference by soldieis
not hostile, but of ouc o wn troops, kept a majority
from the polls, then I grant you the election would
and should be void. What have been the allega-
tions in this wise at this session as to Maryland
and Missouri? Why, that Union troops, at the
polls, by actual violence or intimidation prevented
loyal American citizens from exercising freely,
and without dictation, the great privilege of the
elective franchise. In the Missouri case of Loan
arid Bruce, just decided by this House, it was not
alleged that the military had endeavored to pre-
vent an election. The charge was that they had
endeavored to give a certain direction to the elec-
tion. All the preliminary formalities of an elec-
tion had been complied with. The polls were
regularly opened, and every person duly qualified
would have been permitted to vote, provided he
had voted on the same side with the bayonets. It
was not a denial of the right to vote, but a denial
of any exercise of a preference as to the candidate
to be voted for.
Interferences such as I have referred to might
happen through the influence of party, or of the
Government, but would be much more likely to
occur from collusion between the military and
one or more of the candidates. In whatever way
these interferences took place, whether by the in-
fluences of which I have spoken, orbycollusion,
they should be frowned down, and trampledinto
the mire after they are down.
I hold the rule to be entirely different, if " the
absent majority was kept away " by the presence
of a foreign foe, or by domestic traitors banded
together, not to prevent or control an election,
but to subvert a Government. Am I mistaken
as to this?. Is the distinction I make a fanciful
one ? Let us state a case or two by way of illus-
tration. The chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions has no doubt heard and read of a serious
outbreak that was known as " Shay's rebellion."
It occuricd in Massachusetts. The old " Bay
State" has known what it was to nourish trai-
tors. I do not know that the infected section cm-
braced any part of the gentleman's district. If it
did, it could have exerted but one kind of influ-
ence upon him—the strengthening his devotion
to his country and her institutions. If, however,
upon the day of election, at any time when the
chairman was a candidate, three fourths or seven
eighthsof his district had been overrun, not by a
mob merely, but by armed traitors such as were
the men headed by Shay, and polls had been
opened in only the remaining fourth or one
eighth, and at those the gentleman had received
a majority or all of the votes actually thrown,
save one, wo-uld he have claimed his seat?
In 1814, during the war with Great Britain, her
troops took possession of Castine and quite a por-
tion of Hancock, and 1 think of Penobscotcoun-
tieS", in the then "district of Maine." They
were m such forcible possession for some time.
Did such armed occupancy break up congres-
sional districts, make necessary new apportion-
ments, deprive other portions of the districts, not
pressed by the tread of a hostile foreign soldiery,
of their rights to representation ?
In that fearful fight at Gettysburg, where the
trained columns of Lee went down before the
brave boys of the army of the Potomac as the
bearded grain goes down before the strong arm
of the cradler, suppose he had been successful, a
considerable portion of the State of Pennsylvania,
for a shorter or a longer period, would have been
overrun by graybacks. If a county or two in
some of the congressional districts had escaped
the dire visitation and held elections, would you
have refused and rejected those whom they se-
lected? Maryland,at one time, was subjected to
the same risk. Kentucky and Missouri, to a
greater or less extent, are in such a condition at
this very hour. By the adoption of the rule of
the committee you might deprive yourselves of
a quorum.
Again, sir, it is not common justice to punish
those who have not sinned. If a large portion of
my constituents in Brunswick, and the other coun-
ties, the "Union majority" of the committee, did
not and could not vote, it is their misfortune, not
the fault of those who did vote. Theformerare
not deprived of their rights because the latter ob-
tain those to which they are en'titled.
It will also be observed that there is abroad line
of demarkation between the Missouri case, to
which I have already referred, and the casesof my
colleague and myself. If the report of the com-
mittee had been adopted, and neither Mr. Lpan
nor Mr. Bruce been admitted, a1 hew 'election
would have been ordered atonee. TKe.peopleof
that district in Missouri would have been unrep-
resented so long only as would have been neces-
sary to give the legal notice of such electjon. -
In the case of Mr. Segar and myself the' sante
state of things exists now in our districts a's when
we claim to have been elected. Ignore our claims,
and our constituents must have no voice in this
popular branch of the Government. No valid
election can be had in either of our districts until
our victorious arms shall have driven the traitors
out. *
If I have not maintained the position I took
against the soundness of the proposition of the
committee as to the " majority, and their " being
kept away from the polls by armed force," 1
think it has been owing to no inherent weakness
in the position itself, but solely to the lack of
ability I have shown in defending or maintaining
it. One word more, by the way, before 1 close
this branch of the argument. The views of the
committee would rfiake itabsolutely necessary to
have an actual ascertained majority of the votes
not cast as well as of those cast. The lack of one
vote would be as fatal as the lack of a thousand.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman states that a
minority of the voters of a district have the au-
thority to elect a Representative. Now, I ask
how small a minority may elect?
Mr. CHANDLER. The most forcible ques-
tion that can be put. The gentleman is too good a
logician not to know that the redwetio ad absxtrdum
is a most potent weapon in argument. I admit
my principle would, perhaps, if curried to the-ex-
treme, give one person the right to elect. Buton
the other hand, that principle of construction
which I laid down before the gentleman inter-
rupted me—and here I will say the gentleman's
interruption does not trouble me at all, because
my life has been full of interruptions, not the
least of which is the one thrown in my way by
the gentleman himself—which was that an actual
minority of one would have defeated me, and
w4>uld, in some degree at least, place the gentle-
man in something of the same dilemma in which
he seeks to fix me. Does the gentleman say
that? If he does, then I say I think thatone vote
can elect. As a mere matter of law one vote can
elect as well as a thousand. Electors are under no
legal obligation to vote. They may'if they see
proper permit an election to go by default, and
permit one man to return a Representative to Con-
gress.
Let me put the case in another way. Every
one who knows anything about West Virginia—
and my friend on my right, one of the Represent-
atives of West Virginia, [Mr. Blair,] under-
stands a good deal about the by-ways and paths
of that country—knows that at least in its earlier
history, and the same rule holds good to a very
considerableextent now, the roads were very bad.
There were but few bridges, the branches were
liable to rise, and the bridges to be carried away.
The streams were generally crossed by fords,
and these streams were so liable to be swollen by
rains that a provision was early introduced into
the statute-book providing that in case of heavy
rains the sheriffs should have the right in the re-
spective counties to adjourn the polls from time
to time not exceeding three days. That same
rule, I believe, still holds good to this day. .Now,
suppose that instead of rebels in arms, in the
counties of my district that did not vote, the
windows of heaven had been opened, and the
rain had come down, equaling the first three days
of the fearful ram which served the old world so
badly, giving ns a specimen—as the man said—
of the water-cure, but the other way. Ifthe voters
had been thus prevented going to the polls, and I
"had received but the 778 votes which I did re-
ceive, would the gentleman from Massachusetts
say in that case I was not entitled to my seat?
I ask the gentleman that question, and I pause
for an answer. -
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I suppose that
when the statutes of Virginia contemplate such
an exigency as that and provide for it, we might,
governing ourselves by the statute, find an an-
swer; thatin the course of the three daysit was to
be hoped the clouds would expend themselves and
the rainbow spread over the heavens.
Mr.CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, thcie is more
