2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17.
smartness than fairness about that answer; but
let us take the ease where there is no such pro-
vision of the statute. "What would the gentleman
say to that?
Mr, DAWES. I should say it was a casus
omissus.
Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman knows very
well that there is not a member of the Committee
of Elections who would have dared to stultify
himself in the presence of the House by intro-
ducing such a report as the committee has intro-
duced in my case, where voters were kept away
by heavy rain. [Mr. Dawes nodded assent.] He
admits the proposition. Then, if the fact that
voters are kept away from the polls by the act of
God does not vitiate the election, let me ask him
another question. I do not know what the gen-
tleman's profession is, but I would bet my life he
is a lawyer.
Mr.DAWES. Notenough tohurtmc. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CHANDLER. Butenough to hurt me se-
riously. [Laughter,] t
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not seem
to recognize thedifference between the act of God
and the act of the devil.
Mr. CHANDLER. The act of the devil is con-
sidered in law the act of the king's enemy—is it
not? Did the gentleman in all his legal reading,
either in a marine insurance policy, or in an ele-
mentary text-book, or in the decisions of ourdif-
ferent courts, ever see the act of God mentioned
that it was not, in ninety-nine times out of one
hundred, coupled with theteim "the king's ene-
mies?" And it comes to precisely this, that if the
voters are prevented by the act of God from being
at the polls, then a small minority may clcct.
You may call heavy rain the act of the devil, and
be somewhat sustained by Scripture which speaks
of the prince of the power of the air. 1 assert that
if the majority is prevented from coming to the
polls by the act of God, or by the act of the ene-
mies of the Government, then the absence of the
majority does not destroy and make null and void
the rights of the minority. I ask the chairman
of the Committee of Elections whefher that is mft
good logic and pretty good law and pretty good
common sense; and whether it ought not, to some
extent at least, to control the action of this House.
It has been said by the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts that our admission will "es-
tablish a precedent to bind you how and by what
method a title to representation upon this floor
shall be established from al! the other districts
in the rebellious States." With all deference to
the experience and matured wisdom of the gen-
tleman, it will do no such thing. I must crave
your indulgence, Mr. Speaker, m devoting some
little time to the presentation of the peculiar po-
sition of Virginia, and the different ground she
occupies front any other of the States which en-
tered into the confederacy.
I approach the subject with feelings such as one
might experience who.stands lookingintoanewly
dug grave, in which has been placed the loved and
the lost, and heaia the clods strike the coffin-lid
with their dull, heavy sound. April 17,18Gl,the
Virginiaconvention passed an ordinance of seces-
sion. That day dawned upon no State with faher
prospects. True, her advancement, had not been
so rapid as that of some of the manufacturing and
commercial States. She was to a great extent
agricultural. In the preceding decade her white
population had increased one hundred and fifty-
three thousand. She had two hundred and ten
miles of canals, and in the same period had added
thirteen hundred miles to her railroads. Her
slaves were bringing higher ptieos than ever be-
fore. The influence she had wielded from the
earliest history of the Government had not waned.
The prestige she had acquired through a Lee, a
Patrick Henry, a Madison, a Jefferson, and a
Washington, was stiil operative, in all the slave
and many of the free States she was the "Old
Dominion" sull. Her agricultural, manufactur-
ing, and mineral capabilities were unsurpassed;
and if, in the American sense of the term, they
were slowly they were still surely being devel-
oped. Modest as is my colleague, I must here
say no one had more to do with that development
than did he. From her extreme eastern bounds
that were lapped by the ocean's waves, to her
furthest western peaks that kindled into blushes
under the amorous glances of the setting sun, she
was full of material prosperity, full of glorious
promise. Moses, when from the Mount of Nebo,
the top of Pisgah, the Lord showed him all the
land of Judah unto the utmostsea, and the south,
and the plain of the valley of Jericho, the city
of palm trees unto Zoar, saw no fairer sight.
When one contrasts her then condition with what
it is now, sadness is succeeded by indignation.
Desolation is running riot in her borders. Gaunt
famine stares her in the face. Her sons have been
more than decimated by hissing shot and bicker-
ing steel. Her soil has been wet with tears,
drenched with blood, made billowy with graves.
A miserere in one wide wail of woe has gone up
from agonized hearts, such as rarely ever rever-
berated through the blue empyrean.
Those who have been instrumental in produ-
cing this condition of things, in changing the gar-
den of the Lord into an aceldama, a field of blood,
will haveafearfulaccounttosettle. In this world
theiriiames
"Will have a taint of infamy,
Which, like Iscanot's, through all time shall last,
Reeking and fresh forever."
In that world which is to come the language
of Isaiah may well be applied to each of them:
" Hell from beneath is moved for thee, to meet
thee at thy coming."
But, as I have said, the ordinance passed by a
considerable majority. The minority was in the
mam composed of the members from that part of
the State now known as West Virginia, although
I am happy in saying that the member from the
stronghold of my colleague, the county of Acco-
mac, that incorruptible man and sterling patriot,
William H. B. Custis, and the members from
Norfolk county and Portsmouth,(where I received
a majority of my.votes,) were true to the Union.
What was done in that portion of the State that
remained unseduced? Did its citizens blench?
Did they quail? Did they " crook the pregnant
hinges of the knee that thiift may follow fawn-
ing?" No, Mr. Speaker, no. They knew from
whence their blessings had flowed. They knew
that the (Jmon to them and to the country at
large had been, not a Mount Ebal of curses, but
a Mount Gerizim of blessings; that it had been
as ennobling in its influences as "orient suns,
which shine on barren sands till they breed jew-
els." They remained firm, true to the memories
of the mighty dead, true to themselves, true to
their posterity, true to their country, true to their
God.
Three days after the passage of the ordinance,
John Letcher telegraphed the mayor trf Wheeling.
I read the telegram of Letcher, and the answer:
Richmond, April 20, 1861.
To Andrew Sweenfy, Mayor oj Wheeling:
Take possesion of the custom-hou^e, post office, all pub-
lic buildings and public documents m the naiftc ot Vir-
ginia. Virginia hud seceded.
JOHN LETCHER, Governor.
Wheeling, Jlpril 21, 18G1.
To John Letcher, Governor of Fnginia:
I have taken possesion of the custom-hoine, post office,
and all public buildings and public documents in the
mime ofAbuiham Lincoln, Piesul'-M of the United States,
whose properly they ate. ANJDKKW SWMLiYEY,
.lUayoj of Wheeling.
This same spirit pervaded all classes m that
northwestern section ol the State. Ten days be-
fore the question of the acceptance or rejection of
the ordinance was to be voted on, the 13th day of
May, a tna&a convention met at Wheeling.
From the irregular manner in which this conven-
tion was called, and its unwieldy size, it was
not calculated for the dispatch of business. Its
action, however, resulted in the call of another
convention, which met at Wheeling, June 11,
1861- 1 ask the Clerk to read the declaration ad-
dressed by that body to the people of Virginia.
The Clerk iead, as follows:
A Declaration of the people of Virginia represented in con-
vention at Wheeling, Thursday, June 13, 1661.
The ttue pmpose of all government is. to promote the
welfare and piovide foi the piotectum and security of the
govei ned ; and when any form ot inwermnent proves inade-
quate foi or subvei>i\e of tins puipo«e it is the right, it is
the duty of the latter to alter or abolish it. The Bill of
Rights of Virginia, framed in 117G. reaffirmed in and
again in 1851. expicssfy leserves thi-5 right to a majority of
her people. The act of the General A*-embiy calling the
^Convention winch a^embled in Richmond in February
last, without the previously expressed consent of such ma-
jority, was thereto!e a usurpation; and the convention thus
called ha& not only abused the powers nominally intrusted
to it,but with the connivance and active aid of the Exec-
utive has usurped and exercised other powers, to the man-
ifest injury of the people, which, if permitted, will inevi-
tably .subject them to a military despotism.
The convention, by its pretended ordinances, has required
the people of Virginia to separate from and wage war
against the Government of the United States, and against
the citizens of neighboring States, with whom they have
heretofore maintained friendly, social, and business re-
lations.
It has attempted to subvert the Union founded by Wash-
ington and his copatriots, in the purer days of the Repub-
lic, which has conferred unexampled prosperity upon every
class ot citizens and upon every section of the country.
It has attempted to transfer the allegiance of the people
to an illegal confederacy of rebellious States, and required
their submission to its pretended Juliets and decrees.
It has attempted to place the whole military force and
military operations of the Commonwealth under the con-
trol and direction of such confederacy, for offensive as well
as defensive purposes.
It has, in conjunction with the State Executive, institu-
ted, wherever their usurped power extends, a reign of teiror
intended to suppress the free expression of the will of the
people, making elections a mockery and a fraud.
The same combination, even before the passage of the
pretended ordinance of secession, instituted war by tlie
seizure and appropriation of the property of the Federal
Government, and by organizing and mobilizing armies,
with the avowed purpose of captunng or destroying the
capital of the Union.
They have attempted to bring the allegiance of the peo-
ple to. the United States into direct conflict with theirsub-
ordmate allegiance to the State,theieby inakingobeditmce
to their pietended ordinances neason against the former.
We, therefore, the delegates hero assembled in conven-
tion to devise such measures and take such action as the
safety and weltare of the loyal citizens of Virginia may de-
mand, having niaimel} considered thepiemises,and view-
ing with great coneein the deplorable condition to which
tins once happy Commonwealth must be reduced unles.3
some regular adequate remedy is speedily adopted; and ap-
pealing to the Supreme Rulei of the universe for the rec-
titude of our intentions, do hereby, in the name and on the
behalf of the good people of Virginia, solemnly declare that
the pieservation of their deacest rights and liberties, and
their seeuntym personand property, imperatively demand
tiie reorganization oftho government of theCommouwealth;
and thatall acts of said convention and Executive tending
to separate this Commonwealth fiom the United States, ot
to levy and carry on war against them, are without author-
ity and void; and that the offices of all who adhere to the
said convention and Executive, whether legislative, execu-
tive, or judicial, aie vacated.
Mr. CHANDLER. Thirty-four counties, con-
taining about one fourth of the whole white pop-
ulation of the State, were represented in that con-
vention. It was necessary, in the opinion of tlfe
convention, that the State should be reorganized,
and the following ordinance was adopted:
Jin Ordinance for the reorganization of the State govern-
rnent, paisea June 19, 1861.
The people of the State of Virginia, by their delegates
assembled in convention at Wheeling, do ordain as follows;
1. A Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and attorney gen-
eral for the State of Virginia, shall be appointed by this
convention to discharge the duties and exercise the pow-
ers winch peitaiu to their respective offices by the existing
laws of the State, and to continue in office for six months,
or until then Miceessors be elected and qualified; and the
General Assembly is required to provide bylaw for an
election ot Governoi or Lieutenant Governor by the people
as soon as m their judgment such ejection can be pioperly
lield.
2. A council, to consist of five members, shall be ap-
pointed by this convention, to consult with and advise the
Governor respecting such matters pertaining to his official
duties as he &hall *>ubnut for consideiation, and to aid in
the execution of his official orders. Their term of office
shall c.xpne at the same time as that of the Governor.
3. The delegates! electcd to the General Assembly on the
23d day ot Alav last, and the Senators entitled under exist-
ing laws to seats m the next Geneial Assembly, together
with such delegates and Senatois as may be duly elccted
under the oidinances of thi-i convention, or existing laws,
to fill vacancies, who shall qualify themselves by taking
the oathoi aiinmation hoieinatter set foith, shall constitute
the LcgiMatuie oi the State, to discharge the duties and
exercise the poweis pertaining to the General Assembly.
They shall hold then offices fiom the passage ot this ordi-
nance until the end ot the terms lot which they were re-
spectively elected. They shall assemble m the city of
Wheeling on the 1st day of July next, and pioceed to or-
ganize themselves as prescribed by existing laws m their
re-pectivc blanches. A majority in each btauehotthe mem-
bers qualified as aforesaid shall constitute a quorum to do
business. A majority of the members of eachbianch thus
qualified, voting alfiunauvely, shall be competent to pass
any act specified in the twenty-seventh section ot the fourth
amcle of the constitution ot the State.
4. The Governor, Lieutenant Governor, attorney general,
members of the Legislature, and .ill officers now in the ser-
vice of the State, or of any county, city, or town thereof,
or hereafter to be elcctcd or appointed tor such serviee, in-
cluding the judges and clerks ot the several courts, sheuffs,
commissioners the levenue, justices of the peace, ofli-
ceis ot the city and municipal corporations, and ofticeis of
militia, and officers and privates of volunteer companies
of the State, notmustcied into the seiviee of thei'mtod
States, shall each take the following oath or affirmation
befoic ptoceedmg in the disehaige of their several duties :
<< I solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will suppoitthe Con-
stitution of the United State-* and the laws made in pursu-
ance theieof as the supteme Jaw of the land, an>thing in
the constitution and laws of the State of Virginia or m the
ordinances of the convention which assembled at Rich-
mond on the 13th of February, 18f>], to the contrary not-
