8290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
mblic itnemt. These words are clearly defined
By Our Constitution and Saws; not that aid which
violent talk and declamation makes, because a
man may utter vile words if he chooses against
the constituted authorities even in time of war;
but when he aids the public enemies with intent
to contribute to and promote their cause, he is
liable to be arrested by the military authorities;
and if this aid is rendered during war he may be
tried and punished by military law and tribunals.
The constitutional provisions in favor of the trial
of traitors only applies when the hostile force is
overthrown or has been abandoned.
What were the alleged facta in the case of Mr.
Vallandigham?
Before proceeding to state them, however, I
ought to say that in my judgment there have been
cases of arrest in the United States which were
not justified either by the Constitution or the
laws; and I never will, my party relations or any
other obligation to the contrary, seek to justify an
open infraction of the Constitution and laws of the
country. I believe there have been foolish ar-
rests made; and I have said so over and over
again. Latterly there have been very few, and
when the cases have been examined they have
generally come within the rule of law which justi-
fies the military authorities in making the arrests.
What is the case of Mr. Vallandigham ? A
riot had sprung up in the county of Holmes in
the State of Ohio. The militia were called out to
suppress the riot, and the men engaged in it weie
arrested and indicted by the civil authorities, and
were then held arraigned for trial for the crime of
treason, for open resistance to the laws of the
United States, to the execution of the conscrip-
tion law. Under these circumstances, Mr. Val-
landigham went to the adjoining county where a
large company of people had been gathered, and
among them some of the very men engaged in
this riot, and there he made a speech tending and
directly inciting them to armed resistance against
the authority of the United States. There, in the
presence of men who were under indictment for
treason, lie used language the plain tendency of
which,although cunningly covered up by words,
as construed by any fair-minded, patriotic man,
was advice to engage in armed resistance to the
authorities of the United States. This language
was used in the presence of excited men who had
been engaged in this resistance, and who were
then under indictment—the very language that
a demagogue would use to stir up civil war in a
community. Does the Senator from Kentucky
say that in time of war we have no power to pre-
vent these things ?
There would have been no objection to Mr.
Vallandigham or any one elseengaging in the or-
dinary political discussion of the country. He
had been all over the country engaging in those
discussions; but when you take into considera-
tion the surrounding circumstances, when you
take the intent, when you take the obvious mean-
ing of his words, the obvious effect of his words
upon an excited audience, some of whom them-
selves had been engaged in treason, it was a plain
and palpable commission of a military offense for
which he was liable to military trial. If a spy
should come from the southern States into the
State of Ohio and go around among our peaceful
communities stirring up resistance to the laws,
would the military authorities be compelled to
wait the slow process of civil tribunals? Not at
all. The military authorities have a right to
seize upon any one who is engaged in resistance
to them; and this principle ot" law is laid down
even by Lord Mansfield, who was said to be the
guardian of liberty. It is laid down in the Eng-
lish law-books; it is laid down in books on in-
ternational law; it is plainly stated by General
Hallerk; it is laid down in every book on the
laws of war. Any man who throws obstacles
10 the way of the constituted authorities in prose-
cuting war, eilher civil or foreign, is liable to be
arrested and suppressed (if 1 may use the ex-
pression) by the military authorities. That is
Vtid down as a principle of law, and it is a cor-
rect one.
General Burnside, having full information of
this matter, having the report of a man who at-
tended the meeting and took down short-hand
notes of the speech of Mr. Vallandigham and the
circumstances by which he was surrounded, or-
dered his arrest, and, to prevent any disturbance,
the arrest was made at night. He was brought
to Cincinnati. He was cared for with the great-
est humanity. It was complained of that the
arrest was made at night. Was not that advis-
able under the circumstances to prevent a mob,
a riot, or a civil war? The very mob that Mr.
Vallandigham had stirred up to resist the consti-
tuted authorities might have exposed their lives
in the unholy cause of preventing a legal arrest.
He was arrested by the military authority. He
was taken to Cincinnati. There he was kept,
and a commission was organized, composed, I
believe, of thirteen members, every one of whom,
if I remember correctly, belonged to the polit-
ical party to which Mr. Vallandigham belonged.
Some of them were officers of high rank in the
regular Army, of unblemished character and un-
blemished reputation, men who had no party
feeling in the matter, or if they had any it was
against what was called the Republican party.
Mr. Vallandigham was taken before this tribunal.
All the forms of a military trial were gone through
with. Witnesses were brought up and examined
before the court. Mr. Vallandigham was asked
if he had any rebutting witnesses. He had the
benefit of able counsel. My predecessor on this
floor (Mr. Pugh) appeared in his behalf. The
whole matter was investigated and gone over be-
fore this military tribunal. They gave him a fair
and impartial military examination, and they re-
ported him guilty of the written charges against
him. I am sorry 1 have not the papers before
me so that 1 could lay the case more fully before
the Senate.
Then Mr. Vallandigham expressed a desire to
have the case brought before the courts of the
United States. He had three tribunals or judges
open to him. He might have gone to Chief Jus-
tice Taney in Baltimore and presented his case
to him by an application for a writ of habeas cor-
pus; he might have gone to Judge Swayne, then
in Columbus, Ohio, and one of the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States, and have
had the case brought before him; but he took Judge
Leavitt, who was the judge of the district court
for the southern district of the State of Ohio, the
district in which Mr. Vallandigham lived. I ask
Senators whether there was anything in the an-
tecedents or character of J udge Leavitt that would
make him hostile to Mr. Vallandigham and
friendly to the Administration ? As is well known,
Judge Leavitt was appointed by Andrew Jack-
son; hehad beena judge forthirty years; he held
an office for life, beyond the power or control of
any man. Mr. Vallandigham selected this judge
to try the question whether he was legally held
by the constituted military authorities.
I need not tell the Senator from Kentucky that
the only question before Judge Leavitt was,
whether or not Mr. Vallandigham was legally
held? On a writ of habeas corpus, or an applica-
tion for one, there is no other question except
this, is the cause of commitment legal? If it was
illegal, Judge Leavitt was bound by his oath of
office, by the sacred obligations of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to discharge him.
Mr. Vallandigham, then, had a fair trial before
a judge of his own selection; an old, able, and
experienced man, beyond the power of the Presi-
dent, beyond the power of the people; aman who,
from his position, was as free from prejudice or
party bias as any human being can be. Counsel
were heard for and against him. Mr. Perry, an
able lawyer, spoke in behalf of the Government,
and Mr. Pugh made in behalf of Mr. Vallandig-
ham a very able and eloquent speech, in which he
cited all the English and American authorities to
bear upon the subject. The case was put upon
this ground by Mr. Perry: that Mr. Vallandig-
ham was held foractually aiding thepublicenemy
in a time of war, and was therefore to be ad-
judged by the military and not by the civil au-
thority. The question wasargued at great length,
and Judge Leavitt gave his opinion after full con-
sideration, and that opinion covers the whole
ground in the case If 1 had it before me I should
be glad to read an extract from it; but it goes to
the extent, first, that he has no power to super-
vise the examination of the military tribunals,
and next that Mr. Vallandigham was legally held
upon the charges made before the military tribu-
nal, and the judge goes on to say substantially
that upon the facts stated he had no inclination
to discharge him from that custody.
The military tribunal decided that Mr. Vallan-
digham, for the safety of the country, ought to be
put in a military prison. That was the only way
in which a military court could properly enforce
its sentence. If the facts justified it, he might
have been sentenced to be shot, or he might have
been put in a military prison, subject, however,
to the supervision of the President of the United
States. This military court, after the full hearing
that I have mentioned, decided that he should be
confined in one of the military prisons of the Uni-
ted States during the existence of the present
rebellion.
The case then came on to the President of the
United States. It was examined by him; and I
am informed was fully and fairly considered by
the Attorney General. There was no real doubt
about the legality of the trial or the legality of
these proceedings; but the President of the United
States, with a humanity that sometimes is his
weakness, although he is so bitterly denounced
by his opponents, varied his sentence and or-
dered him to be taken beyond our military lines
into the presence of the men whom he was aid-
ing. That was the result of it.
He has recently come back among us. I have
no doubt he will he allowed to remain there, un-
less he should again violate that law which de-
clares that no citizen of the United States shall
aid a public enemy in a time of war. If he does
violate that law, I say to Senators there will be
power enough in this Government to put him
down by the same authority precisely that we will
put down Jeff. Davis and all the armed conspir-
ators who are now fighting against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The Senator from Kentucky will mark that I
draw a broad and deep line of distinction between
the man who aids a public enemy and the man
who only talks opposition to the Government.
The latter ought to be encouraged, although it
may sometimes be carried to excess. Free speech
is the great safety of a free community, and where
a man is arrested simply for exercising his right
of free discussion, although it is carried on'm-
temperately, I agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky that it is a gross offense that ought to be
punished by the civil courts; but where a roan
goes beyond this free discussion, beyond this op-
position to administrative measures, beyond the
simple denunciation of the authorities, and actually
aids the publicenemy in a time of war, by stirring
up riots, by acting as a spy, by shouldering a
musket, or in any other way, he ought to be pun-
ished not only by the civil but by the military
authorities, because, in a time of war, this kind of
an offense, where it amounts to something more
than talking, is not sufficiently redressed by the
slow process of the civil courts. They are made
for times of peace. They are made to punish
men who violate the civil laws. They are not
made for men who engage in an armed rebellion,
or in a war against their country. Upon those
men the military authorities have the undoubted
right to enforce military law.
The only doubt there can be in the case of Mr.
Vallandigham is this: whether his speech at
Mount Vernon, made under the circumstances
that I have narrated, made with the intent that
was found against him by the military authori-
ties, amounted to a military or a civil offense.
Upon that point we have the judgment, first, of
General Burnside, who thought it was a military
offense; next, we have the judgment of an impar-
tial military tribunal, who thought it was a mili-
tary offense and so considered it; next, we have
the judgment of Judge Leavitt, one of the purest
and ablest of the judges of our country, a man
who was never denounced by any party until
after this event, a man who took his seat on the
judicial bench and performed the judicial function
with a purity of character and with an independ-
ence that no man can challenge. Besides that,
•you have the opinion of the Attorney General of
the United States and the President of the United
States. You have the opinion of all these con-
curring authorities, that this trial of Mr. Vallan-
digham was for a military offense, committed in
aid of the public enemy in time of war; and you
have nothing against it except the party clamor
of dissatisfied men, who wish to make something
out of that inherent love of human liberty which
is implanted in the heart of every American citi-
zen. They wish to mako this man, engaged in
