'HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Covgress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1864.
New Series No. 207.
aiding the public enemy, a patriot, a man who is
peiseeuted for his opinion's sake. Senators, I
tell you there was nothing of the kind in this case.
The case of Mr. Vallandigham was for a mili-
tary ciime in aid. of a public enemy and not a
mere civil wrangle against the authorities.
Mr. President, I trust that the military author-
ities will never have occasion to arrest men in the
northern States or in the States where the enemy-
is not in open force. If I had any power in the
matter I would forbear a great ways before I would
arrest any one not wearing the uniform of the
rebels or engaged directly in the presence of the
enemy. But as a principle of law it cannot be
denied that where a man aids a public enemy in
the presence of a civil war, or under circumstances
which make him an actual contributor to that
civil war, the President is bound to arrest him
and to try him by military authority.
Mr. SAULSRURY obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Delaware allow me five minutes?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. No one will deny that any man
who places himself in military array against his
Government while he is found in that position is
liable to be shot down by the army that is oper-
ating for the Government. No one will deny
that any third man who is present giving aid and
comfort toa manwho is thus making war against
the Governmentis liable to beshotdown just like
the man who is making the war himself. I con-
cede all that; but 1 have recently read the speech
of Mr. Vallandigham, and, according to my rec-
ollection, it is not obnoxious to the exceptions
taken to it by the honorable Senator from Ohio.
I differ from the honorable Senator in my rec-
ollection of another fact. My recollection is that
Judge Leavittdid not decide that thearrestofMr.
Vallandigham was legal and constitutional. I
will not put up my recollection on that point
against that of the honorable Senator, but I think
it he will recur to the opinion rendeied by Judge
Leavitt on that occasion ho will find that Jud^e
Leavitt decided that it was not a casp m which
he was authorized to issue a writ of habeas corpus,
because it was amilitary arrest and the party was
in the custody of the military authorities. It
struck me at the time that hisexcuse was wholly
insufficient, that it was not based upon any cor-
rect principle, and that he ought not to have hes-
itated at once to intervene the great writ of liberty,
the writ of habeas cot-pus, and have Vallandigham
brought up before him there to investigate upon
the legality arid the sufficiency of the cause of his
imprisonment.
1 was disposed to ask my honorable friend from
Ohio, but he conceded it in effect, ifit was legiti-
mate in this country to oppose the measures of
an Administration ? Is it legitimate in this coun-
try to question the policy, the wisdom, the jus-
tice, or the constitutionality of the measures of a
President or of his paity? Some men seem to
occupy the negative of that position strenuously
and uncompromisingly; but the honoiableSena-
tor from Ohio conceded the principle, and very
properly. Why, sir, how else can a mischievous,
unconstitutional, wicked Administration, whose
measures are destructive of popular liberty, be
overthrown than by the most perfect freedom in
the investigation of its measures ? That is one of
the great rights and liberties of the people of the
United States that are guarantied to them by the
Constitution, and that is a right and liberty which
I contend for, and for nothing beyond. But, sir,
here is a provision that was offered as an amend-
ment to the Constitution by the State of Massa-
chusetts, or this branch of it at least, which State
offered some of the wisest and' most valuable
amendments to that instrument that were con-
sidered by the Congress and the various conven-
tions of the States, and adopted as parts of the
Constitution:
•* No pi'tfon shall be held to ariswei Air a capital or other-
wise infamous crnn<\ unless on " pie^-ntim-nt or hidiet-
jih'51 t of a grand juiy, t-xc< pt in ca>os aiding in the land oi
naval forces <>i in the militia, when in actual service in
tune of vvai ur public danger."
207
Here is the proposition upon which the honor-
able Senator and myself differ: I deny that any
man can be held amenable to a military court
or by martial law unless he comes within the defi-
nition which I have just read from the Constitu-
tion. Every man charged with an offense who
is outside of the reasonable and sensible scope of
those words of the Constitution is not amenable
to military law or military courts at all. I say
to my honorable friend that if he will review the
speech for which Vallandigham was arraigned,
tried, and convicted, he will find that the words
which he uttered contained no offense violative of
the laws of the United States, or of the State of
Ohio, and that that language did not bring him into
the category of adhering to the enemies of the con n-
try, giving them aid and comfort. Whenever the
words aie scrutinized they will be found, in my
humble judgment, to fall far short of that mark.
If that question of law was submitted to the courts
in Westminster Hall, or to the judges of the Su-
preme Court free from prejudice, or to the en-,
lightened judges of any State court, in my opin-
ion they would unanimously decide in favor of
the position that i have assumed.
The principle which I laid down was simply
this: Vallandigham was not in the military or
naval service of the United States; he was notin
the militia in the service of the United States; he
was not engaged in open war against the United
States. AH the words that he uttered fell far short
of adhering to the enemies of his country, giving
them aid and comfort. My honorable fiiend will
allow me to state this further position: if a per-
son by words gives the enemies of his country
aid and comfort, it is not a military offense unless
it is committed by a man who is in the military
or naval service, or in the militia when in actual
service in time of war. If it is committed by a
man who does not belong to either of those classes
of service, it is but a civil offense., and he is, by
the express language of the Constitution, exempt
fiom tiial for it before a military tribunal, and he
is to be tried aceordingto the forms and the course
of the common law. That is the law, and when
that principle of law is struck down, liberty ex-
pires. I deny, in opposition to the point of the
Senator from Iowa, that the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus authorizes a military arrest
of a man not in the military service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will simply say thiit the
question of the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus did not enter into this case atall. The writ
of habeas corpus was not suspended in the State of
Ohio, but Mr. Vallandigham was treated jnstlike
any other enemy who had committed acts of hos-
tility against the United States, precisely asifjeff.
Davis had come into the State of Ohio and at-
tempted to stir up insurrection among us, cany-
ing out the general purpose and intent of the le-
beilion. It was not put on the ground of the
suspension of the wiit of habeas corpus at all.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I was combating
a position assumed by the honorable and learned
Senator from Iowa, that the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus authorized a military arrest.
I deny that position wholly. The only effect of
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus is to
deny to the party who sues it out the benefit of
that informal and summary trial which it is the
great object and purpose of that writ to give him,
and it deprives him of no other right or privilege
whatever. It gives 110 additional power against
him except to withhold fmm him that writ. He
is not subject to military airest; lie is not subject
to be seized except by a warrant chargingerime,
sued out upon oath; he is not deprived of his righ t
to have the charge against him furnished to him ;
he is not deprived of the right of being confronted
with the witnesses against him face to face; he is
not deprived of the right of trial by jury; he is
not deprived of the benefit of counsel; he is de-
prived of one sole, single, solitary right, and that
is the right to have a writ of habeas coipus sued
out for his immediate and summary trial, and that
is all that he is deprived of.
I assume that any man who is not in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States or in
the militia, who is about to be arrested by thb
military in this way, even though he has com-
mitted murder or any other heinous crime, lias
the perfect constitutional right to resist such an
illegal and unconstitutional arrest. Ail the courts
of England have so dccidedin every casein which
the question ever came up.' It is the law here,
and it is an express provision of our Constitution,
that he shall be exempt from such an arrest, and
that is the uniform judgment of that principle of
law which our courts have rendered. Each and
every one of all the men who have thus been nv-.
rested during this war, by the plain reading and
meaning of the Constitution and by the principle
of liberty as it has been sustained by the English
and American courts, had the right to resist such
an arrest to the death of the party who attempted
to make it, and if the party attempting to make
the arrest persists and slays the party sought to
be arrested, he commits murder, and would be
punished by an independent and enlightened court
and jury as a murderer. In my judgment there
is no man read even in the horn-book of the law
who can controvert those positions,
1 know how impatient gentlemenare at having
their party chief questioned, or their line of policy
questioned; but this thing of human reason and
human judgment and conclusion resolves itself
very much into this alternate proposition: was it
my ox that was gored by youi bull or was it your
ox that was gored by my bull? .Whenever the
assailant is changed, and these men are placed
upon the defensive, if I then live and have the
faculty of speech, and they resist the enforcement
of the same abuses or usurpations of power that
may then be attempted to be enforced against
them by any dominating power or party that may
have got into power, they wiil find me arrayed
with them shoulder to shoulder, and I will resist
with the same zeal and with whatever little abil-
ity I have, if I then possess it, the outrage upon
their rights and their constitutional liberties that
may be perpetrated by the Democratic party in
power, the Whig party in power, or any other
party in power. 1 go for the Constitution of my
country; I go for the groat personal rights of lib-
erty which it guaranties to the citizen. That
cause I have sworn to support, and I shall go
forward to the end of life that remains to me and
support it, totally reckless of all the consequences
that may come to nn .
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the bill
before the Senate is a bill providing for bail m
certain cases of military arrests. My friend from
Kentucky proposes an amendment to it provid-
ing that the person so arrested shall be taken im-
mediately before a judge. It is an amendment
designed to secure the personal liberty of the cit-
izen. 1 shall vote for it; but I shall vote for it
with some hesitation, simply because it seems to
recognize by implication the validity of the ar-
rest. If this was a bill to authorize any man not
engaged in the military or naval scrvice of the
United States who was arrested to shoot down
upon the instant the man that should attempt to
arrest him it would do my soul good to vote for
it; because of all the outrages that have ever been
perpetrated in this country upon the rights of free
American citizens, of all the violations of the
Constitution of the United States, of all the vio-
lations of the pimciples of civil liberty, of all the
crimes that have gone up from earth to heaven to
invoke the vengeance of Almighty God, this crime
of arbitrarily and without due process of law ar-
resting quiet, peaceful citizens and dragging them
from their homes is the greatest. Sir, 1 mean to*,
speak what I feel. I would welcome any thun-
derbolt, whether it came from heaven or from
hell, that should strike to the earth any power
which, in violation of the chartered rights of the
American people, should attempt such an exer-
cise of arbitrary power.
Mr. President, it may be considered by some
that the language I use is strong; that the feeling I
manifest is unreasonable; but I happen to live m
that unfortunate section of the country where
