3298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
these things are of daily occurrence. Mr. Vallan-
digham, who has been referred to, was a distin-
guished member of the Democratic party, a poli-
tician known to the country, and when he was
arrested it created great excitement throughout
the land, simply because he was known through-
out the land. In the quiet little village where i
reside such scenes? happen almost daily. I have
known as many as four in a day carried off; not
informed of the charge against them; dragged
from their families and their homes; not allowed
a hearing, and by the order of your General
Schenck, or Skunk, whichever is most applicable
to his character, banished beyond the lines. I
have had the young wife come to my house and
with tears in her eyes ask me whether anything
could be done, anything could be said, to call
back her young husband to take care of his infant
children. I have witnessed such scenes for the
last two years. They arc men in the humble,
quiet walks of life, and the attention of the coun-
try is not called to their cases; but when a dis-
tinguished gentlemanlike Mr. Yallandighamwas
arrested great meetings were called and great in-
dignation expressed. It is just that those meet-
ings should be called, and that indignation should
be expressed;' but, sir, the people of this country
know nothing from such eases of the barbarous
tyranny of this Administration. When a man of
elevated position is dragged from his home they
know H; but hundreds and thousands of people
in the quiet walks of life are dragged from their
families and their homes and the country know
nothing of it. Sir, if the tears shed by the faith-
ful and devoted wives and the worse than orphaned
Children in tins country who have suffered from
the oppression of this Administiation could be
bottled up as witnesses m thatgreatand final day
when a just judgment shall be rendered against
men for the iniquities done in life, they would be
piled mountain high upon the heads of Abraham
Lincoln and his unconstitutional advisers.
Go with me to my own State, and I will take
you to one single neighborhood where almost
one third of the inhabitants have been dragged
from their Iuuul.s not because they have done
anything, not because they have ever raised an
arm against this Government, not because they
have ever resisted the' execution of any Federal
law, but becausc they were politically obnoxious
to the party in power; and the seuif and acum of
creation, men whom gentlemen would not admit
into their kitchens, have the commissions of pro-
vost marshals to go into gentlemen's houses and
diag them off to Baltimore before a General
Schenck, who, not by any authority of the Con-
stiiunonof the United States, is to sit in judgment
upon those men and decide whether they shall
live peaceably and quietly in their homes where
they have been in the habit of living, and where
their fathers have lived, or whether they shall be
banished to a hostile shore.
Mr. President, i do not mean to say anything
offensive to anybody; neither do I mean to say
anything unbecoming my position as u member
of this body; but I thank God that Clement L.
Yallandigham has returned to the United States,
i clipped out ofa newspaper the order for his ban-
ishment, which was by telegraph. Great God!
a free A meriean citizen, living under a countiy the
people inhabiting which aie secured in their rights
oy a fundamental chai tor, a charter which secures
umi by jury and freedom from arrest except by
due process of law; a citizen of such a country us
thet arrested by telegraph, a telegraphic dispatch
from the sent of the emperor at the other end of
■he avenue, stating, " You will send him beyond
yourlines, and ifhe returns within the lines, then
you will arresthim and keep in confinement during
the term of his sentence!" Now, sir, let them
execute it. He has returned, thank God. The
issue is made; the issue will be met. I know that
two orders have been made—at least I am very
well informed of that fact; I do not know it; I was
not present—for his arrest; but 1 am informed on
'he same authority that they were revoked. lam
also informed that a military officer has been here
'.Yom Ohio for the last several days waiting hour
!>y hour the command of the man who sits en-
turone<l at the other end of the avenue.
Sir, I invoke not the spirit of revolution. I
want peace; and hence on all occasions when
questions of this character have come bufoie the
body I have always advocated a legal, peaceful
remedy. I have invoked Senators from the be-
ginning of this contest to give us the protection
of law; for if this unhappy war shall continue I
want to see it confined to its present location. I
do not want to see civil stiife in the adhering
States; and hence upon all occasionshave invoked
the interposition of this body to preserve us from
outrages that might lead to unfortunate collisions
in the adhering States. I have done so even upon
the subject of military interference with elections
—a right secured to us by the fundamental charter
of our liberties, aright dear to freemen, and a
right which nobody but a tyrant despises. But
even our appeal for the free exercise of the bal-
lot has been disregarded. We have invoked you
upon all occasions to give us legal security for
our rights. We ask no privileges for ourselves
that we do not accord to you. We say to you,
"As free American citizens go to the polls, cast
your votes freely for the man of your choice, even
if it is for Abraham Lincoln, the man of all other
men on the face of God's earth most unfit to ad-
minister the affairs of this Government, and if the
popular judgment in a fair election is against us
we will quietly submit and say it is the voice of
the people."
But, sir, wo ask the same privileges for our-
selves. We of the border for the last two years
have had no free exercise of the elective fran-
chise. You have enjoyed it; boys who coincide
in opinion with you have enjoyed it; people not
living in our States have enjoyed it when they
came into our States; convicted felons have en-
joyed it; but we, simply because we are Demo-
crats, are notallowed it. By the help of Almighty
God we will bo allowed to doit hereafter; and I
now advertise the party m power, as an humble
member of the Democratic party, we will have
the freedom of election and freedom from arrest
unless by due process of law, peaceably if we
can; but, by the eternal gods! if we cannot get
it peaceably we will have it forcibly; and you
may make the most of it, if that be treason. We
have submitted just as long as we intend to
submit.
I say this not to offend anybody; I say it not
in the spirit of bravado; but 1 say it in the cool,
calm, deliberate determination of a man who is
a member of a party of like sentiments with
himself. When the convention mcetsatChicago
one plank in its platform will be " freedom of
elections and freedom from arbitrary arrests;" to
which every man, m my judgment, will pledge
his life, his fortune, and his sacred honor, in the
same spirit that his fathers pledged themselves
in the revolutionary tunes in the assertion of their
right of independence.
Mr. POYVKLL obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow meto
make the usual motion in regard to a recess?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. With the leaveof theSenator,
I move that the Senate at half past four o'clock
lake a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, I had no idea
when 1 introduced this amendment that it would
involve an investigation of the arrest ofMr. Yal-
landigham; neither did I suppose that it would
lead to the protracted debate to which it has led;
but as three or four Senators in the Opposition
have <*ivon their views upon the arrest ofMr.Val-
l;mdi?;ham and his case, 1 hope 1 may be indulged
for one minute in giving my views upon that
subject.
The honorable Senator from Iowa and the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio do not seem to agree as
to the issues that were before Judge Leavitt. The
Senator from Iowa declared, if I understood him,
that the judge held that the writ of habeas corpus
having' £>cen suspended by the legal authority of
the President of the United States, he would-not
issue the writ to have Mr.Yallandigham brought
before him. The Senator from Ohio, as I under-
stood him, said the writ of habeas corpus never
having been suspended in Ohio, it had nothing to
do with the case. One of the honorable Senators
is mistaken. I have looked over the proceedings
of the case of Mr.Yallandigham, and I regaid the
whole proceeding as a gross outrage and an in-
fraction of the rights of a citizen of the United
States.
I cannot agree with the honorable Senators who
have eulogized Judge Leavitt so much. I have
no denunciations to make of Judge Leavitt. 1 do
not know that judge. I know nothing of his le-
gal capacity except what I gather from the read-
ing of his opinion in the case of Vallandigham;
but taking that as the evidence, whatever may be
his integrity, whatever may be his knowledge,
he is certainly a very weak judge, in my opinion,
for 1 think he is wholly wrong throughout.
I do not agree with the honorable Senator from
Iowa when he asserts—and I believe the Senator
from Massachusetts concurred in that opinion—
that the Supreme Court of the United States, upon
an appeal to that tribunal,sanctioned or affirmed
the decision of Judge Leavitt. Why, sir, the
case of Vailandigham was never before the Su-
preme Court.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator allow mc a
single word ?
Mr. POWELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. WILSON. The case was attempted to he
brought before the Supreme Court on a certain
writ, and the Supreme Court made this ruling,
that he was tried by a military commission; that
that military commission was not a judicial tri-
bunal; and that the court had no right to review,
revise, or correct its action, and they therefore
ruled it out.
Mr. POWELL. The proceeding in the Su-
preme Court, as I understand it, was this: Mr.
Pugh applied to that court for a certiorari, to have
the proceedings and the finding of the court below
brought up before them; but they held that there
was no such court as a military commission known
to them under the Constitution, and hence they
refused it. That was all there was of it. They
never did sanctify, affirm, or review the opinion
in any way whatever. Therefore, when the Sen-
ator from Iowa says it has been sanctified by the
judgment and finding of the Supreme Court lie is
greatly in error.
The Senator from Ohio, however, places it
upon different grounds. He says that the mili-
tary authorities have a right to arrest any one
whom they may regard as a public enemy, as I
understand him, and to try him before a military
tribunal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the Senator from
Kentucky does not wish to misrepresent me.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly not.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 say that any man engaged
in acts of actual hostility m aid of the public ene-
my in time of war muy be ai rested by the mili-
tary authorities. The question as to whether the
acts are sufficient must first be determined by the
military tribunal by which he is to be tried, and
that military tribunal is always subordinate to
the President of the United States, under a writ
of habeas corpus. I have not the slightest doubt
about it, and in this case it was held subordinate.
If Judge Leavitt had decided against this arrest,
Mr. Yallandigham would no doubt have been dis-
charged, and there would have been an end of it.
Mr. POWELL. If I understand the Senator's
position now, it is this: when any person is act-
ively engaged assisting the enemy in time of war
a military tribunal has a right to arrest him, and
consequently to try and punish him for that of-
fense. In the first place, I deny that Mr. Val-
landigham's case was such a onea? comes within
the definition given of these offenses by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. Was Yallandigham act-
ively engaged m any form in assisting the public
enemy? The Senator makes some discrimina-
tions between actual support and mere words. I
read most carefully the speech made by Mr. Val-
landigham for which he was arrested, and for
which he was tried and for which he was pun-
ished, illegally, in my judgment, and there was
nothing in that speech but what a commoner of
England could have spoken on every hustings in
the empire, and that, too, with the utmost impu-
nity from arrest. Mr. Vallandigham never en-
couraged resistance to the laws. He always ad-
vised obedience to them; and when that harsh and
cruel decree was entered up, I believe that a noble,
honest, liberty-loving, and Union-loving patriot
was stricken down and banished from his coun-
try by the harsh edict of a usurper. I believe
there never was a man since civil society was or-
ganized more ruthlessly, more wrongfully, and
more unconstitutionally convicted.
The Senator from Ohio said a moment since
that if an arrest by military authority is wrong
you have a right to" review it by the civil authon-
