2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
concerned or interested i>i the cases to which I
shall refer, that the law laid down in them may
be considered as entitled to some weight.
The first case tp which 1 will call the attention
of the House is that of United States vs. Palmer,
3 Wheaton, 610. It came up from the United
States circuit court for Massachusetts on a divis-
ion of opinion between the circuit and distriet
judge.
One of the questions taken up to the Supreme
Court was this:
"6. Whether an act which would be deemed a robbery
on tite high sea*, if done without a lawful commission, is
protected from being consideied a& a tobbeiy on the high
seas when the same, aft is done under a commission or
the eoloi of ;\ commission f'tom any foreign colony, dis-
trict, oi people, which have revolted fiom their native al-
legiance, and have declined thorn-elves independent and
sovereign, and have assumed to exeicise the powei* and
authorities ot an iiidepeiKlent and sovereign government,
but have nevet been acknowledged or irt-ogmzed a- an
independent or sovereign government or nation by the
United States, or by any other loreigu State, prince, or
sovereignty
Chief Justice Marshall says:
"Tho«e questions which ic^pect the rights of a pait of a
foreign empire which asseits and is contending fur its in-
dependence, and the conduct which mu-t he obs ervedby tlie
courts oftlie Union towaid the subjects of such section of
an empire who may be bionght beiore the tnbunals of tins
countiy, are equally delicate and difficult.
" As it is undeistood that the constitution which has
been given to the act of Oongiess vvili temlei a paiticuiar
answer to them imnt ce^aiy. the court will only oi>sei\e
that such questions ,uo genet,illj iatluvr political than l.'s;.U
in their ehai.icter. They belong moie piopeily to those
who can deeiai e what the law shall be ; who can place the
nation in such a position with ie-{>et t to loieign I'ovvei.s as
to then own iiidsmeiit -dull itppeai wi>e ; to whom are in-
truded all ns foreign lelutions; than tothat tuhuu.il whose
powci a.s well as duty is coiiimed to the application oi Use
rub.' which the Leqisl.uuie may pK-^eiibo tor it. In t-uch
contents a nation may engatje itself with the one p.ntv or
the othci ; may obsei ve. absolute neutialny; may iecogni7.e
the new Stan; absolutely, or ni.iv make a limited lecogni-
tion of it. The pioeeedings in couits must depend so en-
tirely on the eouiM* of the Government that it is difficult
to give a piceise ansvvei to ipie-tions which do not leiei to
n paitieuhir nation. Jt may be said geneiallv, that if tlie
Government lemaiin neutral and ieeogni/,e.s the evidence
of a civil war, its roui rs cannot consider a is et iniinal those
acH o/ InMilitj winch wai .uilhon/,es, and which the new
governmenf may du eet against its enemy. To decide other-
wise would be to detcunine that the wai piosecuted by
one of rite parties w.i> unlawful, and would be to airaign
' the nation to whieli the court belongs against that paity.
Thi< would transcend the limits pieseubed to the judicial
department."
The second case, or rather cases, to which I
wish to call attention are those of Luther vs. Bor-
den, 7 Howard, 42.
Chief Justice Taney, in delivering the opinion
of the coui t, lays down in substance the same
Srinciple as to intestine difficulties in one of tlie
tales of this Union that Chief Justice Marshall
had laid down as to like difficulties occurring in
a foreign nation in the case of Palmer.
If the State represented at Wheeling, in 1861,
18G2, and 1863, was Virginia, then the State rep-
resented now at Alexandria is tlie State of Vir-
ginia. Last year the State was divided, and West
Virginia set off. Legally speaking, if theie was
enough of the old territory remaining to set a flag-
staff on, that pait thus icmaining would be the
State of Virginia. In point of fact, the area thus
left is larger than Delaware—twice as huge as
Rhode Island.
Maine, in 18v21, was set oil'from Massachusetts.
Suppose the territory which formed the new State
had embraced all of Massachusetts save Boston,
does any one deny that Boston would have con-
stituted the State of Massachusetts; would have
been entitled to two United States Senatois, and
just so many Representatives as her population,
under the apportionment, would have given hei ?
What, then, becomes of the proportion of the
chairman of the Committeu of Elections, that, if
we aie admitted to our seats, a precedent will
be established which will govern every district m
every rebellious State? What confederate State
presents a ease like this of Virginia? Is there one?
I had intended to show that the principle in-
volved m the territorial bill of the gentleman fiom
Maryland, which has lately passed this House,
would nut be aflccted in its operation as to othei
States by our admission, but both my voice and
the clock warn me to be brief.
Neither would our admission be inconsistent
with the decision of this House in the ease of
Kitchen. He was ruled out on account of the
wandering character of the county of Berkeley, m
which lie received nearly all his votes. Jt was
not exactly certain whether it was in Virginia or
West Virginia.
Whatever maybe the result of the voting in
our cases, I shall be satisfied it will be arrived at
as the dictate of calm deliberation and mature
judgment.
As this, Mr. Speaker, is the first time t have
ever been before any legislative body, even as a
claimant for a seat, it is possible,nay, more than
probable, that I may have shown some lack of
courtesy, may have violated some parliamentary
rule. If I have been so unfortunate, I can only
say it has not been intentional, and I have been
punished in a most effectual way by the more
than kindness with which the members of the
House have treated me.
Let me also say that I deem it an honor to have
been permitted to stand here this day, to have liad
the privilege of addressing the Representatives of
this mighty nation in the building which has been
honored by the eloquent presence and utterances
of the great men whose names stand so high on
the rolls "in that temple where the dead are hon-
ored by the nations."
Here 1 have had the good fortune to hear him
who now sleeps at Marshficld, with the mighty
ocean soundinghis requiem; the great Commoner,
who never vailed his crest to mortal foe, and who
now rests well m that State which has again
been made a "dark and bloody ground," by
those whom as her children she had cherished
in her bosom; andthatlaterstatosman, who, how-
ever men may differ as to his early career, had
his life sunlit at its close by the truest patriotism,
and who fell like the tree broken by the weight
of its own golden fiuitage.
In their names, in the name of any and every
man who has spoken for our nationality, for the
great cause of human progress and the true in-
terests of humanity, 1 would pray you to rise to
the height of this occasion. 1 do not, I cannot,
1 will not believe that there is any leal difference
between parties here as to the consummation de-
sired. " Pulse beats to pulse, and heart to heart
responsive."
Sooner or later, this rebellion will be crushed.
"The mills of God if they grind slowly grind
surely."
Whether the dawn is now ready to sprinkle
with rosy light hilltop and valley, or whether the
watches of a moonless and a starless night are
still to be endured, the dawn will come, ushering in
a day glorious in its final consequences as that on
which the " morning stars sang together, and the
sons of God shouted for ioy."
1 see it notalone in the thousands whose sound-
ing tread is heard in our streets, and who are press-
ing to the front. The whole atmosphere is full
of encouragement, laden with promise. 1 pee it
in the more than Howard efforts of our Sanitary
Commission in the dispensation in chanties of
sums vaster than the dowers of queens. I see it
in the sacrifices made at every hearthstone in the
land, in the calm agony of the father, the tearful
smiles of the mother. It would need no Peter the
Hermit to create an enthusiasm in this loyal land
to which any that has as yet stirred the popular
heart would be but as the ripples of an inland
lake to the hissing, seething, broad-backed waves
of the Atlantic, lashed into fury by the storm-
winds of the equinox.
Yes, sii, the Union will be restored. Like the
mangled limbs of Osiris, bone will be knit to bone,
joint to joint, smew to smew, and rounded and
swelling'in its fair proportions it will stand foi th a
glorious embodiment of beauty and strength. It
will move with a freer and a fiimer head on the
<_reat pathway of nations, and woe to him, be he
king or kaiser, who dares impede its course, for
"The Douglas and the. flotspui both together
Are eoiihdent against the woild in arms."
MESSAGE FROM THE S1CNATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, requesting the re-
turn to the Senate of the bill of the Senate (No.
ij 17G) authorizing the erection of buildings for a
ji branch mint at San Francisco, for the purpose of
'! correcting an error in the engrossment.
i| No objection being made, the Clerk was directed
j to return the said bill.
) VIRGINIA ELECTIONS—AGAIN.
1 Mr. DAWES. I now demand the previous
I question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER stated that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was entitled to the
floor to close debate.
Mr. DAWES. Recognizing the signal ability
and fairness as well as earnestness and eloquence
with which gentlemen have presented their claims
here to-day to represent the districts from which
they come, I nevertheless do not feel that there is
an> necessity or justification for my occupying
any considerable portion of the time of the House
upon the subject. Indeed, most of the positions
taken by the gentlemen are those which have al-
ready, in a much feebler form, been taken by my-
self in behalf of the committee.
The committee have felt in every step of their
investigation of and report upon these cases, that
any rule laid down by them would be surrounded
by difficulties, and that its application in many
cases would seem to be extremely hard, and of
such a character as to almost justify its being laid
aside. And I feel I but speak the sentiment of
the whale House to-day when 1 say that if we
should consult our feelings only, the vote of this
House would be thrown for the gentlemen who
have pleaded the case of Virginia to-day, and that
with open arms they would welcome them as fit-
ting representatives of that Union spirit which
has sacrificed so much and endured so much and
so long in these troublesome times.
But, sir, it is quite apparent that as a House
of Representatives, governed by some rules, we
should not take counsel of our feelings and our
partialities and our admiration in settling the
question as to who shall be the Representative of
a particular district upon this floor, but that we
should be guided by some rule which shall seem
to us as a whole to be fraught with some wisdom
and with a better result to the Republic in these
anomalous times, than any other. Now, sir, it
is not that the rule adopted by the committee is
perfect, that there cannot he under it supposabie
cases m which it will work hardship, that it has
been adopted by them, but it is because; they ha\ e
seen no other which would m the long run secure
that great end of all representation here, the free
voice of the people of each district, that they have
sought as well as they may, in'the examination
of each of these cases and all oilier cases, to as-
certain whether any gentleman may come heie
representing the Union sentiment of his distnct.
When the gentleman admits that he cannot
claim that a minority, however small, is entitled
to a representation upon this floor, because one
or ten men may send a man heie whose voice
and whose influence and whose vote here shall
be equal to that of the Reptesentative of the con-
stitutional number of one hundred and twenty
thousand, as the ratio under the Constitution fur
the rest of us, he fritters the whole case away;
for unless a minority,however small, can send a
man here, then no minority can do it, because
between a minority of one comparative size and
another minority there is no dividing line; and
you could not tell whether it were a minority of
one or ten or a hundred or a thousand.
The rule adopted by the committee, the com-
mittee themselves say, is not entirely a satisfac-
toiy one, but it is the best rule that suggests itself
upon the testimony presented by each man claim-
ing to be a Representative. We have sought
from him and from the circumstances surround-
ing the evidence of each case, whether or not the
cases are clothed with that authoiity which we
alone can lecognize, namely, a majority of the
majority of voters.
My friend has argued with great ability here
that theie is no question of territorial or State
suicide involved in this case. He had the candor
to do the committee justice by saying that they
put his case upon no such ground as that. The
committee, without stopping to examine the sound-
ness of any such doctrine, have settled as well as
they could these cases clear of all such embarrass-
ing questions. They liken this case unto the case
of other Representatives from Virginia, and ho far
as the Committee of Elections is concerned, and
so far as the principles they have found necessary
t-o lay down are concerned, they look to one source,
and one only, for the solution of this question,
and that is, to tlie Army. When the Army shall
have been to the district which my friend desires
to represent, and to the other districts in these re-
