1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:SM
with great judgment, opposed a barrier to this peculiar dan-
ger by inseiung a constitutional definition of the crime,
fixing the proof necussaiy for conviction of it, mid restrain-
ing the Congress even in punishing it fiom extending tlx;
consequences of guilt beyond^the person of its authoi."
If this joint resolution giving the construction
to the confiscation bill be repealed, it leaves the
act no more nor less than a bill of pains and
penalties, which, in the sense of the Constitution,
is included in bills of attainder mentioned in the
organic law.
Judge Sto'ry, in speaking of the clausc of the
Constitution which declares that no bill of at-
tainder or ex post facto law shall be passed, (voi-
•ume two, sections thirteen hundred and forty-three
and thirteen hundred and forty-four,) says:
,   "The next clause is, 'No bill of attainder or ex .post
facto law shall be passed.>
"Bills of attainder, as they are technically called, are
such special acts oi the legislative as inflict capital pun-
ishments upon persons supposed to he guilty of high of-
fense?,, such as tieason and telony, without any conviction
in the oidumry course of judicial proceedings. If an act
inflicts a milder degree of punishment than death it is
called a bill of pains and penalties. JButin the senseof the
Constitution it seem- that bills of attainder include bills of
pains and penalties; for the Supreme Oouit have said, CA
bill of attainder may affect the fife of an individual or may
confiscate his propeity, or both.' In such cases the legis-
lature a^uiue.s judicial magistracy, pronouncing upon the
guilt of the party without any of the common foims and
guards of trial, and satisfying itself with proofs, when Such
proofs are within its teach, whether they are conformable
to the rulesof evidence or nor. In bhort, m aii such eas-es
the legislatuio exercises the highest power of sovereignty,
and what may he properly deemed an iriesponsible despotic
discretion, beinggovemed solely by what it deems political
neccstniy or expediency, and too often under the influence
of unreasonable tears or unfounded suspicions. Such acts
have been often revolted to in foieign Governments, as a
common engine oi state; and oven m England they have
been pushed to the most evtiavapant extent in bad times,
reaching as well to the absent and the dead as to the living.
Sir Edward Coke has mentioned it to be among the tian&-
cendent powers of Paihament that an act may be pas.-ed
to attaint a man after he is dead. And the leigiung mon-
arch, who was slain at Bojsworth, is said to have beerr at-
tainted by an net of Paih-tmerit. a few months alter his
death, notwithstanding the absnidityof deeming him at
once in possession of the tlnone and a tiaitoi. The pun-
ishment has often been inflicted without calling upon the
paity accused to answer, or without even the foimality of
pioof, and sometimes because the law. in its oidmary
cojn,^eoi pioeeeding>, would acquit the offender. The in-
justice and iniquity of Mich aet ? in geneiah constitute an
u*iesi&tibh  argument against the existence of the power.
In a free Government it would be intolerable ; and in the
handsof ;i reigning motion it might be, ami probably would
bo, abused to the lum and death'ot the mos-t vuiuouss citi
zens. Bills of this soit have been ino^t u-aially passed in
England in tunes ot lebeliion, or of gross sub^ei viency to
thc-'Ciown, or ot violent poiitieal excitements; period* in
which all nations are mo^t liable (as well the fiee as the
enslaved) to forget their duties, and to tiample upon the
rights and libemes ot others."
Dr. Paley has strongly shown his disapproba-
tion of laws of this sort, 1 quote from him ashort
but pregnant passage:
" Thi- fundamental udcof civil jm imprudence is violated
In the case ot acts of attainder or confiscation, in bills ot
pain^ and penalties, and in all cv ;>os£fado'h\\v< wluitover,
in which i'ailiauient e\eici<e< ihe double otiiee of Icgis-
latuic and judge. And whoever ouher under-.taiuU ihe
value of the rule it-elf, or collects The history of those in-
stances m whieh it has been invaded, will be induced, I
believe, to acknowledge that it had been wi,cr and satcr
never to have depaited fiom it."
Section nine of article one of the Constitution,
which declares that " no bill of attainder or ex post
facto law shall be passed," was inserted therein be-
fore section threa of the third article, winch pre-
vents attainder of treason from working corrup-
tion of blood or forfeitute, except duung the hie
of the peison attainted. If the constiuction of
the gentleman from Maryland be correct that there
must be an attainder before the words " but no
attainder of tieason shall work corruption of blood
or forfeiture except during the life of the person
attainted "can opoiate, then the clause last quoted
has no effect or force, and is mere surplusage.
Because if the object of the Constitution was to
prevent the forfeiture of the estate during life only,
and only in the case of an attainder of treason,
then the woids " no bill of attainder or cx post facto
law shall be passed" would have been sufficient,
because if there was no attainder there could be no
forfeiture; and as the passing of a bill of attainder
is expressly prohibited, it is clear evidence that
the subsequentclause of the Constitution wasnot
simply intended to apply to attainder of treason,
but was intended to prevent, by act of Congress,
as well as by indictment and conviction, the for-
feiture of the estate for a longer time than the life
of the offender. What other object could have
been contemplated by the lawmakeis? Did they
place this limit to foifciture in the Constitution
to answer some purpose not obtained by the other
clause in reference to a,bill of attainder? If so,
no rational construction can be given to the Con-
stitution but that which prevents all power from
forfeiting the estate beyond the life of the offender;
and as the Constitution expressly limits the for-
feiture for treason at common law, there can be
no act of Congress making the forfeiture of land
longer than the life of the offender, because the
Constitution gives no such power.
If the fhmiers of the organic laws had intended
that in some other manner than by attainder or in-
dictment the blood could be corrupted, or the es-
tate forfeited forever, they would have made pro-
vision in the Constitution to meet the case by
gran ting the right to Congress or some other au-
thority. But the learned and honorable gentle-
man from Maryland says he takes it that the
meaning of the clause is that the forfeiture worked
should, must, be effected during life; and conse-
quently, if it be effected during life, it forfeits the
fee simple. What better are the children off if
the estate be forfeited before the death of the
father? if the forfeiture be absolute, they would
be no more injured by depriving them of the ben-
efit of the estate by forfeiture after than before
death.
If the construction of the gentleman be cor-
rect, then the offender if proceeded against for
treason in Ins lifetime would have his blood cor-
mpted upon the same reasoning that he would
have the fee simple of his lands forfeited, in which
ca«e he would be prevented from inheriting from
his ancestors or transmitting to his posterity other
real estate than that confiscated and wherever
situated; therefore he would constitute a bar to
his posterity inheriting through him the property
of. their grandfather or more remote ancestors;
because, although he was dead, the only way the
heir could iuheut the lands of his grandfather or
mote remote ancestor would be through the blood
of his father, which had been corrupted, and
consequently no one could trace descent through
him. Can it be that the framers of this organic
law ever intended to give such power to Con-
gress or any other body that would, if the power
were exercised, punish the children for the crime
of the father? Can it be said that m this boasted
land of liberty and humanity our Constitution
recognizes the power of this Government to de-
stroy and blot out forever the inhciitablc right of
millions of children, and cut off the dower of
thousands of mothers, and transmit us back to
the darkest days of ancient barbarism, cruelty,
and passion ?
A revengeful and indiscriminate plunder of the
means of support for the weak, the unprotected,
and the helpless, cannot command the respect of
a Christian God. Such a construction of the Con-
stitution as claimed -by the gentleman is repug-
nant to a republican government. It wo'uld vio-
late the spintof a Christian age. It would break
down and destroy the social lelations. It would
deprive the helpless orphan and the widowed
mother of their inherent right by the laws of God
and the wisdom of man to that protection which
the good order of society demands. It would de-
grade us as a nation before the civilization of the
world. It would be more in accordance with the
despotic usages of Russia or Turkey than the re-
publican philanthropy of the American people.
It would blot out the'great memories of the Revo-
lution. it would sever the ties of a holy religious
brotherhood. It would bo against the best inter-
ests of ttue freedom and humanity. Such a con-
struction is founded in sectional passion and a
determination to break down the oi^anic law. It
is calculated to destroy all kind!}' relations between
the true Union men of the South, whoaie forccd
into the army by conscription and draft and com-
pelled to sustain the rebellion by the tyranny of
power, and the people of the North, and adds to j
the fires of sectional discord and strife which are
now ending in battles of blood. Its true theories j
are laid down in Helper's Impnnding Crisis, and i
are attempted to and will be earned into effect, i
unless prevented by the conservative Republicans |
of this House, by the radical abolitionists, who !
icgard nothing butthe negro,against thoopinion |
of, the President, both Houses of the last Con- |
grcss,and the plain provisions of the Coustiiu- j
lion. It will unhinge the prospeiity of a century
by confiscating and forfeiting forever the landed
estates of eight million people and subjecting the
women and children of the Southttfa tyranny
as base as that of -England toward Ireland when
she confiscated the whole landed estates of that
downtrodden and oppressed people., This' at-
tempted legislation is no more nor less thaw art at-
tempt to carry out the jdans of Helper by driving
from the southern soil the women and ohfldrenof
that land and filling theit places with the plun-
derers of the Government and' the free and sfave
negroes of the land. God stay the hand-of simh
philanthropy. ;
But, says the gentleman, the grounds of the
Bresident's threatened veto of the confiscation bill
were that you could not take the land in tee, but
you could take all his personal property abso-
lutely. The reason for that is very plain. Per-
sonal property is of a fluctuating, transitory, and
pprishable nature. Real estate is ofapermanent,
settled, and local nature. Personal property de-
teriorates, perishes; it may be consumed by fire
or removed by flood. Much of it has life; it<fies
and is gone. It is of a movable nature, and can
be carried from place to place. Real estate re-
mains; it c&nnot be consumed; it lasts during all
time. The heir can enjo^ it. The forfeiture of
personal property was hot confined to life, because
it is incompatible with a life estate; andinallprob*
ability if confiscated for life would be used up or
gone before the offender was dead. These are
the reasons why personal estate was forfeited,
absolutely. Our fathers intended to protect the
innocent offspring as far as they could consistent
with the nature of the property forfeited.
But the gentleman says that.for robbmg the
mail or piracy, for any ordinary offense, or mur-
der on tne seas or in the Army or Navy; that for
any ordinary crime Congress may prescribe what
punishment they please; take the land in fee. Con-
gress can do no such thing, because our fathers,
fearing after they had made the Constitution that
wicked and vicious men, under the plea of mili-
tary necessity, might act the part of a tyrannical
despotism under the forms of law, had added to
thg Constitution a bill of rights, one of which is
contained in article eight of the amendments,
which declares that
"Excessive bail shall notbe required, itorexcessivcfines *
imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted."
That article prevents the fining of a person to • s
the full amount of all his real and personal estate,
if he have much, and thereby depriving the heirs
of all the real estate of the father, because such a
fine would be an excessive fine within the mean-
ing of the Constitution.
Would it not be excessive, cruel, and unusual *
to fine a man worth his millions as much as he is
woi th, and, to pay the fine, sell thousands or hun-
dreds of acres of his lands? It would be unusual,
because excessive fines have not been inflicted in
this country, as they punish the innocent as well
as the guilty. Congress cannot punish the*father
at the expense of the mother and innocent chil-
dren, by forfeiting forever the real estate of the
offender, becanseitwould.be, within the meaning
of the amendment, an unusual punishment.
But another gentleman says the object is not to
make the forfeiture of the fee simple, but to leave
it to thecourts. If the opinions of the learned ju-
rists Judges Story and Curtis and the well-settled
and understood language of the Constitution are
legarded as law, why annul or amend the joint
resolution^ which has the condition that no pun-
ishment or proceeding under said act shall ho so
construed as to work a forfeiture of the real es-
tate of the offender beyond his natural life? If it
be constitutional law that no punishment or pro-
ceedings can work a forfeiture of the real estate
of the offender beyond his natural life why ask
to have the iointiesoiutionrepealed, amended.or
altered ?
I appeal to conservative members on the other
side of the House, if&ny there be, whether they
can doubt the unconstitutionality of an act of
Congress which attempts or recognises the prin-
ciple that the real estate of the offender, in the
case of treason, can be forfeited longer than ins
natural life, when they have the plain and em-
phatic language of their President, Abraham Lin-
coln, that he was opposed to and should veto the
confiscation bill upon the grounds that the pro-
visions of the act resulted in the divesting of title
forever; and becausc for the cause of treason and in-
gredients of treason not amounting to the full crime
it declared foifciture extending beyond the lives
