1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3299
ties. Has that been the practice of the Adminis-
tration now in power? 1 aver that it has not.
But Senators on the other side say that because
jurisdiction attached to these military tribunals
the civii authorities had no right to interfere with
it. Did Judge Leavitt grant the writ of habeas
corpus ? I understand not. If I am rightly in-
formed, the whole of those proceedings were upon
a motion for a writ of habeas corpus, to have the
body of Clement L. Valiandigham, a citizen of
the State of Ohio and of the United States of
America, brought before that judge for the pur-
pose of inquiring into the fact as to whether he
was lawfully or unlawfully deprived of his lib-
erty. That was the question. The judge did not
grant the writ, and consequently the proceedings
were never inquired into by the judge except in-
cidentally upon the motion.
Sir, how differently are the laws of Great
Britain administered! I remember some years
ago of producing to this Senate a decision of a
celebrated judge in England that took place dur-
ing the Irish rebellion, that rebellion that brought
the illustrious and eloquent Robert Emmet to the
scaffold. There was a person engaged in that
rebellion taken in open arms, who bore a com-
mission from France upon his person. He ac-
knowledged it; he was tried by a military court;
he was sentenced to be hung or to be shot, 1 for-
got which, but the sentence was death. That
distinguished Irish counselor and illustrious cit-
izen of Britain, Mr. Curran, rose in the court of
king's bench and moved for a writ of habeas cor-
pus to bring this person before the court. The
sheriff came in in a little while and told him that
they were about to lead the man to execution.
He made that fact known to the judge, and the
judge instantly entered an order to serve notice,
verbally, upon the military authorities not to
touch thatmanand to bring him before that court
to have the whole matter investigated; and that
order of the court was obeyed.
This man, Judge Leavitt, acts very differently;
but I am sure there is no principle in the Great
Charter, there is no principle in the Bill of Rights,
there is no principle in the Petition of Right, there
is no statute of Great Britain, that secures the
personal liberty of the citizen more distinctly and
securely than does the Constitution of the United
States. A grosser outrage never was committed
upon the person of a citizen than this upon Mr.
Valiandigham. It has notreceived the authority
of any respectable court, because he was refused
the writ. The court of appeals have never re-
vised that finding at all, because they refused the
process to bring the case before them.
If the military authorities have a right to try a
citizen for that offense as being a public enemy,
I ask the Senator if they have not a right to carry
the sentence into effect by shooting or hanging
hun? Certainly they have. Who is to judge as
to whether the citizen is a public enemy or not,
unless he is engaged in the military service of
those who are at war with the Government?
Why, sir, the guarantees of the Constitution,
which we thought threw a strongand broad shield
around the libertiesof the people,say that it must
be done by judicial process; but nothing of that
kind was done in the case of Mr. Valiandigham.
1 ask the worthy Senator from Ohio if the find-
ing of that court-martial was correct, which I
utterly deny, sentencing Mr. Valiandigham to
confinement at the Dry Tortugas during the war,
under what law and by what authority did Abra-
ham Lincoln, President of the UnitedStates, revoke
thatdecree and banish him from his country? Sir,
the President of the United States is but a magis-
trate, obedient to the laws. He exercises all of his
functions by virtue of authority vested in him by
the law. He cannot transcend the Constitution
and laws of his country any more than any other
citizen. If he does, he is a criminal infractor of
the law. And yet, sir, that magistrate, without
authority of law, undertook to reverse and mod-
ify the finding of this military tribunal so far as
to banish Mr. Valiandigham from his country.
I should like to know by what authority of law
he did that. He assumes to do what the Athen-
ians did in their public assemblies by virtue of
their laws, to send a man into banishment.
I have said as much as I intended to say about
Mr. Valiandigham, and I regret that that matter
was brought into this debate, for I have heretofore
given my opinions upon the manner in which
that illustrious citizen has been treated. But if
he was decreed to banishment in obedience to
law why -do they let him come back to the coun-
try now ? Has that decree ever been revoked? I
suppose not. *
But, sir, the object of the amendment I propose
is calculated to ameliorate the condition of those
who are subjects of arbitrary arrest. The object
is to compel the persons who assume to make
these arrests, all of which arrests are contrary to
law, to hand those arrested over to the civil au-
thorities for the purpose of being tried, and, if
they are guilty, punished. That is the sole ob-
ject of the amendment. My friend from Dela-
ware is mistaken xn one thing. He said he should
vote for the amendment, but he regretted it some-
what because it implied that they had the right
to make the arrest. If the Senator had read the
whole of the amendment he would have found
that ho was mistaken, for there is a proviso at-
tached to it that nothing in the section contained
shall relieve the party making such arrest from
being prosecuted in a civil action for it, which
was putin there expressly to avoid any such con-
clusion.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I will take your word for
it. I know you are always right.
Mr. POWELL. What harm can result fro'm
this amendment? I have the statute before me,
of which this bill is an amendment, punishing
certain subordinate officers with fine and imprison-
ment in the event that they do not, in obedience
to the statute, release parties from confinement.
My amendment merely proposes to carry that
law further and punish with fine and imptison-
ment those who order those arrests unless they
instantly hand the persons arrested over to the
civil authorities to be tried and punished. There
certainly can be no wiongin that. Nobody can
say that you cannot arrest a rebel under my
amendment. It only provides that when any
person in the executive, naval, or military au-
thority shall arrest any party, he shall instantly
hand him over to the judicial tribunals to have the
case investigated. I am sure there is no Senator
who appreciates civil liberty but will support
such a proposition as that.
I regret that men are wicked and depraved
enough to require a penal code; butwe know that
they are so. I legret that those who are clothed
with high official position so disregard the Con-
stitution and laws of their country as to require
laws to punish them for breaches of faith; butwe
know that men are so organized that they com-
mit wrong; they commit crime; and hence it is
but just and proper that those who are charged
with the legislation of the country should make
laws to punish them, and thus to secure the rights
of the injured citizen. That is all that I propose.
I wish to screen no man from punishment, if he
be guilty, try him before the courts and punish
him. My own opinion is that the higher the
magistrate the greater the criminal if he violates
the laws of the land. Why punish thftjailer, the
custodian,as you do by the law of March 3,1863,
if he refuses to deliver up the party, and allow to
go free the high official who orders this wrong to
be inflicted upon the citizen? If any oneescapes
punishment it should be the sub-official who lias
to obey orders. The higher the official who in-
fracts the law the greater the criminal, because it
is his duty to see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to detain
the Senate upon this matter. The amendment is
one that appeals so directly to the sense of the
Senate that! do not believe it will be voted down.
Why do you arrest men? You certainly do it
for the purpose of trying them and punishing j
them for their crimes. If theyaieguilty of crimes, !
hand them over to the legal tribunals and punish j
them speedily and promptly. That is what a !
humane and just Government should do. I wish :
to screen no man from punishment. If the Gov- j
ernment, through its agents, lays its hand upon I
a citizen without warrant of law and imprisons
him, deprives him of his liberty for a great length
of time, and does not try him, if that person is
not guilty of any offense the Government agents
are themselves criminals. All that I desire is
that the parties arrested shall be handed over to
the courts to be tried and punished if found guilty.
I ask nothing moie by this amendment. We have
the principle settled in the very law that } have
mentioned in regard to the sub-officials. Then
why not punish those who order and decree the
arrests? Why punish the contemptible agent
and leave the principal fiee? It is wrong upon
every principle. i
If any Senator will take up this amendment
and show me where it can work any injury to
the country I shall be willing to accept any
amendment to meet the objection; but I think
when they com% to dissect it they will be unable
to find'anything in it save and except providing
that those who are arrested for crime shall be
speedily tried and punished if guilty, and then to
punish the officials who arrest them unless they
do hand them over to the courts for trial. That
is the whole of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now take a recess pursuant to its order until
seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o 'clock, and, on
motion of Mr. MORRILL, proceeded to the* con-
sideration of executive business. After u quarter
of an hour spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened.
DANIEL HEBARD.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, the joint resolu-
tion (S.No. 43) authorizing the settlement of the
accounts of the late Captain Daniel Hebard, of
the United States volunteers, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. Itprovides in the set-
tlement of the accounts of the late Captain Daniel
Hebard, of the United States volunteers, an as-
sistant adjutant general on the staff of General
Gorman, the Secretary of War shall allow and
pay for the whole time that officer was actually
employed and on duty in the military service of the
United States, whether before or after the date of
his commission.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
BUREAU OF FREEDMEN's AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H.H. No. 51) to establish a Bu-
reau of Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment to come
in at the end of section four of the amendment of
the committee:
And every such freed trmn shall be treated in every respect
as a freeman,with all proper reraedieamcourtsot justice;
and no powei oi control shall be exercised with regard to
him except in conformity with law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move also in line two of
section five to insert after the word " authority"
the words " under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In the fifth section, third line,
after " real estate" I move to insert " belonging
to disloyal persons."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. In line thirteen of the same
section I move to strike out the words " held to
service" and insert " employed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. These amendments meet sub-
stantially some of the objections which have been
made.
Mr. GRIMES. I move in the sixth section,
in the seventh and eighth lines, to strike out the
words u and that on their part they perform their
duty under any contract entered into by them."
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Iowa
thinks that will increase the security of the freed-
men I shall make no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do think so.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out in the
thirteenth line of the fifth section the words "and
such freedmen may agree;" so as to make the
clause read:
Then to cause the same to be cultivated or occupied by
the freedmen, on such terms in either case and under1 such
leguldtions as the Commissioner and such fieedaien may
agree.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept that
The amendment wan agreed to
