302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
of the guilty parties; and because the Constitution
of the United Slates declares that "no attainder
shajl work corruption of blood or forfeiture-ex-
cept during the life of the person attainted;" and
because thegreaterpunishmentcannotbe inflicted
in a different form for the same offense; and when
the Republicans and abolitionists (because I
think there is a distinction between the two) in
that House and Senate which passed the joint
resolution in question were largely in the ma-
jority, having in the Senate and House only a
small band of patriots to contend with.
What has come over the dreams of the philan-
thropists of this House, that they should now
attempt to set aside that joint resolution which
was passed by their own party a little overayear
ago and approved by their President, in which
they declared that no'punishment or proceedings
under the confiscation act should be so construed
as to work a forfeiture of the real estate of the of-
fender beyond his natural life? Were the Presi-
dentand Congress then right in their construction
of the Constitution ? Is there any reason that this
House should change the well-settled construction
of the Constitution, gfven to it by the learned ju-
rists of this country the President of the United
. States, and both Houses of Congress who voted
for it; or has it become a military necessity in order
to subjugate and exterminate the women and
children of the South, that we should make new
penalties overriding the Constitution?
If the settled rules of law in construing consti-
tutions and laws be adhered to, there can be no
question in the mind of any unprejudiced man
tnat any law which attempts to forfeit the real
estate of the offender "beyond his natural life is
unconstitutional. •
In construing the Constitution, the plain and
understood acceptation of words must be used.
We must constiue it as it reads, understanding
the words in their ordinary and known accepta-
tion. No subtile nicety or technical jargon is to
be resorted to to break down great constitutional
rights. In construing the clauses of the Constitu-
tion which bear upon this subject we are to look
for the reasons which induced our fathers to make
them.
What was the common law before the making
of the Constitution upon this subject; and what
mischief of the common law was intended to be
remedied by it? The punishment of the traitor
at common law was that, in certain defined ways,
his life should be taken. He was subject to at-
tainder which corrupted his blood and forfeited
his estate forever, real and personal, so that he
could not inherit from his ancestors nor transmit
to his posterity.
The reasons why the punishment for treason is
limited to the life estate,and why,foralessercnme,
the fee may sometimes be sold, are grounded in
the uncertain characterof ticasnn as illustrated in
British history, one dynasty succeeding another
so rapidly, and then"1 was such a confusion'even
among men of honest intention as to the rights of
sovereignty, that evotfagood man might mistake
in his judgment, or a timid man be forced in spite
of his judgment by the ruling power, even where
the power was not the rightful sovereign.
Hence the framers of the Constitution determ-
ined that in this country the scenes of confisca-
tion should not be enacted which had made Eng-
land a Mssing reproach. They determined that
political or partisan adhesion to the present rule
should not receive the lasting punishment which
would perpetuate its effects upon the rising gener-
ation.
Another reason is that t reason isa political crime;
and no civilized nation, by treaty or otherwise,
ever agrees to or doesgive up to the nation against
which the crime is committed, the party whocom-
mjtted the treason; hence since the first dawmngs
of civilization it has been fehe settled right of the
traitor to seek protection in some other country,
ns is now practiced by the traitors of the South in
Efigiand, France, and Canada, in proof of which
it is only necessary to refer to the case of Mason
and islidcll, who were taken upon the high seas
from a British ship, and for which England threat-
ened war, and we were compelled to deliver them
up to the English authorities: but in the case of
inuii.'er or piracy or foigery, or other high crimes,
offenders are given up by one country to another,
and treaties an; made between numy nations for
such purposes.
These reasons why the forfeiture was limited
to life do not belong to other crimes, which are
mala in se; therefore the fee may be sold for these ■
crimes, but not for crimes whose punishment too
often depends on party ascendency or malice.
Another reason is that our revolutionary fathers
waged a bloody war against Great Britain for"
over seven years for the purpose of establishing
upon this continent a republican government; and
they, knowing that they had just gone through a
war in which, if they had failed, they would have
been subjected to all the pains and penalties of
treason atcomfnon law, deemed such punishment
as provided for at common law anti-republican
and inhuman, that the innocent babe, the unborn
offspring, the orphan boy, the helpless daughter,
and the widowed mother should suffer for the
crime of the father and husband, inserted into the
Constitution that wise provision which prohibits
the forfeiture of the real estate beyond the life of
the offender.
That principle of the common law which vis-
ited the sins of the father upon the child and the
mother was shocking to the finer feelings of the
Anglo-American race,struck down the true princi-
ples of Christianity, punished the harmless daugh-
ter and the upright-son far the transgressions of
their father, whose action they were unable to con-
trol.
Our fathers who reared this grand and magnifi-
cent structure of the old Union viewed that doe-
trine of the common law, as they did that princi-
ple of it which gave all the lands of the intestate
to the oldest son, as wrong at# unfair; aid while
.they had no design of screening the traitor they
determined to protect his innocent offspring and
his helpless wife; and in order to protect the inno-
cent they declared that no attainder of treason
should work corruption of blood or forfeiture ex-
cept during the life of the person attainted; and
for fear that ail attainder might be passed after
the death of the traitor to take away the real es-
tate from the widow and children, they declared
that no bill of attainder or ex post facto law should
be passed.
This last clause of the Constitution was adopted
by the Convention without any apparent opposi-
tion, because at that time the principles of Chris-
tianity and charity prevailed, and that sacred in-
strument was not consideied by our fathers a
covenant with death .and a league with hell; and
because that instrument was the fountain whece
all the love, patriotism, and valor of those who
died for their country, and of those who fought
and lived for its liberties, were consecrated and ce-
mented through the merits of that Constitution, to
be transmitted to the descendants of our revolu-
tionary fathers.
The only object to be attained by a law which
takes the estate from the widow and the children
forever, would be to fmnish the innocent, and al-
low tile speculator, the robber, and the thief to
fatten upon the miseries and misfortunes of plun-
dered victims of a tyrannical, anti-republican, and
despotic law. I am also opposed to repealing or
altering the law as it now stands, upon grounds
of humanity, charity, and policy. I want to see
this Union-restored. I want the Union that our
fathers made. I want that Union which gave us
peace, prosperity, happiness, greatness, and gran-
deut, such us no otliet people ever befoie enjoyed;
because it is that Union which will secure to the
people of this country and those who were born
in foreign lands but who came here because they
were told it was the land of the free and the home
of the brave, those guarantees which are contained
in our oiganic law. How is that peace to be ob-
tained? It cannotbo obtained by cruel, unusual,
unconstitutional, and unjust punishments. If we
exercise toward those in rebellion who are under
the control of the minions of power at the South
the principles of conciliation and charity, in the
spirit by which the foundations of our liberties
wei e laid, broad, strong, and deep in the beginning,
and show to them and the world thntwearo pros-
ecuting this war and passing our laws with the
view of restoring the Union, and not for the pur-
pose of oppressing the people of the South, and
not in a. spirit of revenge or passion, and with the
view of punishing those only who are voluntarily
attempting to destroy the unity of the Govern-
ment, and not their innocent children and unac-
countable widows, we will soon see the sun of
liberty set all over this land, and the glorious nnd
hallowed heritages which our fathers bequeathed
to us restored and maintained.
In the South are bund reds of thousands of loyal
hearts, men and women who dare not sustain the
Unionofthe States because they are con trolled by
a wicked and reckless despotism—where the act
of sustaining the Union would be deemed by the
minions in power an act of disloyalty to the so-
called southern confederacy, and would subject
them to the pains of death or imprisonment. Thou-
sands are forced into the rebel arm/-by conscrip-
tion and draft which they dare not and could not
successfully, resist.
Do the members of this honorable body feel
willing to make the penalty due the vilest traitor
be borne by the forced conscript, whose heart is
for the Union, but whose involuntary and forced
act identifies him with the rebellion?
The law, as it now stands, forfeits the estate of
the forced conscript for life. Is that notsufficient;
or do you not only want to punish the innocent
conscript, but his children after him, because their'
father was so unfortunate as to be forced to do
military duty against a Government he loved ? I
hold that no Government has a right to demand
the support of those whom it cannot protect.
If confiscation bills must be passed punishing
the innocent and guilty parents by a confiscation
of their estates for life, let us, in the name of Him
who knows the destiny of us all, save as far as
we can the mother apd her babe, and cease the in-
fliction of tyranny and despotism upon the spirit
of this enlightened age.
Do not let us corrujjt the blooil of the pure, or
rob the innocent of that which may lteep the vir-
gin chaste, the widow and the mother happy, the
children respected, the poor-houses unfilled, and
the rising and unborn generations of one portion
of our common country from having the means to
sustain life and educatc themselves grasped from
their control. Remember that we are not only
making a precedent for ourselves, but for our chil-
dren and descendants who are to come after us,
■and that our action upon this bill may settle the
future destiny and happiness of millions of human
beings in this land; because if Congress deem it
prudent and constitutional to forfeit estates for-
ever, they throw, if we succeed in this contest,
(which I hope in the name of God we may,) upon
the cold charities of the world millions of the in-
nocent descendants of our revolutionary sires.
I charge that the object of repealing the explan-
atory resolution is to fill the coffers of the wicked,
reckless, and cow'ardly speculatorand plunderer,
who, regardless of the weeping mother, orphan
children,helplessand unprotected widows,mourn-
ing sisters, aged and decrepit fathers, would eat
out and destroy the substance of the nation and
trample upon the rights and liberties ofa bleeding
and desecrated country, upon the pretext of legal
forms as a license for them to exercise their de-
praved and avaricious natures.
Sir, I hope the gentlemen upon the other side
will stop and consider before they vote away one
of the great doctrines of Christianity and consti«
tutional law. F hope the conservative element of
this House on both sides will rise to the dignity
of freemen, and not allow party passion and party
action.to override the barriers of the Constitu-
tion; because it is a duty which we owe to the
sacred memory of our revolutionaiy fathers, to
the women and children of this land, to our homes
and to our property, to stand firmly by our oaths
of office and the organic law of the land. Do not
let the American name and the glorious old flag of
the Union be disgraced by having our descend-
ants to read in the history of this country tliat the
Thirty-Eighth Congress were so lost to all sense of
humanity and Christianity as to even by impli-
cation desire that our organic law should be so
construed, by a corrupt and dependent judge, sis to
allow a forfeiture of the real estate of the father
to extend beyond his life, and thereby cut off the
lineal heirs and the widowed mothe*.
If this resolution explanatory of the confisca-
tion bill should be repealed it would look as though
the days of ancient barbarism were thunderiug
down the gates of liberty. If the construction
given by the gentleman from Maryland is to pre-
vail, then I pity the mighty fall and dreadful doom
which await the women and children of a large
portion of this land; as I have witnessed in silent
sorrow one by one of the barriers of the-Constitu-
tion rent asunder and broken down,and the rights
