1348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
by sending claims.from this House of hundreds
or thousands of dollars, as the case may be, and
authorizing a court to draw the money out of the
Treasury for it. It ia establishing a dangerous
precedent j and I prefer to return to the old policy
of this Government, under which the Committee
of Claims of this House was an honorable and re-
sponsible committee, having charge of these mat-
ters, and having a care to the interests of honest
creditors and the Government alike.
I claim that the committees of this House and
Senate are just as competent to pass upon and
adjudicate these matters as the Court of Claims.
If not, their members had better resign. I hope
the resolution will not be pressed through in this
.summary way, and above all that wevwill not
clothe the Court of Claims with any additional
power.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague yield to
me a moment?
Mr. MOORHEAD. I will.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot agree to the doc-
tune advanced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.-
Ashley.] Some years ago when this Court of
Claims was constituted; it was for the very pur-
pose of taking cases from the Committee on Pri-
vate Claims. It was found that the committee of
this House which was called to act upon private
claims was overburdened, and that the most just
ciaims winch were brought here were postponed
from year to year, until the suffering applicant
went down to his grave unrewarded. In order
to get. ml of that gieat evil, an evil which the Gov-
ernment has a right to inflict by its sovereign
power, but which it ill becomes them to exercise,
this Court of Claims was established; and 1 had
thought all these claims, by the terms of the bill,
were referred to that tiibnnal to ascertain and rc-
poit to this House. But it seems now there is a
doubt about it, and it is contended that claims of
this kind are still to be decided by that commit-
tee. And yet you see every Fiiday, when these
cases come before us, ihe most meritorious ciaims
go over from week to week and from Congress to
Congress, until the applicant in driven from his
Application to Congress, however just may be law
claim. Now, I think that tribunal is far better
quaiiiM to ascertain and judge upon-the rights
of parties than any committee of this House. I
do not know of whom the Committee of Claims
consists—1 dare say of the ablest and most re-
sponsible men (hat could ho selected; but a court
whose sole duty it is to examine witnesses and
hear evidence and decide according to law, is
always better qualified to determine these eases
than any committee of this House can be. I know
nothing of the merits of this ease. Jf it has mer-
its, the applicant ought to be heard; if it have no
merits, he ought to be hoard and thrown out of
court by the tribunal after a hearing.
I Irubf, therefore, that tins joint resolution will
not be sent to any other committee, as it has al-
ready been before one committee, but that it will
be sent to that tribunal that is properly consti-
tuted foi deciding those cases, and thaL the sover-
eign power of this Government will not depiive
individuals of a hearing before the tribunal con-
st ip it<>d by itself, that they may some day know
whether they are entitled to nnythmg or not.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. 1 now demand the pre-
wo us question.
Mr, WILbON. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me tor a moment.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I must insist on the pre-
vious rim st ion.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope the Ho use will vote it
d'> \v 11.
I he question Way taken, and tho House refused
to Misuim the pievious question.
Mi. WILSON. The only matmnl, or the
most material question involved in this joint res-
olution is one which pioposes to extend theju-
 isdictjon of the Court of Claims, and it does seem
fu me that the committee who have had the joint
solution under consideuuion have not consid-
er { the sfatute i\;lutmg to the junsdiction of tile
t 'on i c of Claims, nor have tin y examined the de-
( miony ,>f ih" Court of Claims m relation to ques-
tion,- of tins kind.
.Vow. 1 hold in my hand a decision made by
the Court of Claims jn a patr-nt case which was
beroi'j tne couit for determination, and m that
opmum i Hud the following:
•• 'fhfe rigjla el me najJ to tins patem n^i,t J;> i.ot (im-
puted, nor is it cnntiovmfed that this light has been in-
truded by peisons apparently acting for and on behalf of
the United States. The onlyquestiois raised and discussed
is, whether this court has jurisdiction. What is tho na-
tuie and character of the mjuiy of which the claimant com-
plain* ? At common law, the inftingement or di&tuibancc
ot a right of this kind was. held to be a tort, foi which an
action of trespass on the ca«c? was the appiopiiate, if not
the only, remedy at law. (Bui! N. P., 75.) Underour?tat~
utes in relation to patentrights the same torm of action lias
been prescribed. The fourteenth section of the act of July
4. ]836, enacts: 'Whenever, m any action for damages for
making, using, or selling the thing whereof the exclusive
right secured by any patent heretofore gi anted, or by any
patent which may hereafter be granted, a verdict shall be
rendered ior the plaintiff on &uch action, it shall be in the
power of the court to render judgment for any sum above
the amount found by such verdict as the acttialdamazcs sus-
tained by the plaintiff, not exceeding tiuee times the amount
thereof, according to the circumstances of the case, with
costs. And such damages may be recovered by action on
the cascy in any court of competent jurisdiction.J
The seventeenth section ot the f-ame act provides 'that
all actions, suits, controversies, and cases arising under any
law of the United States, giaiit'ing or eontirniing to invent-
ors the exclusive right to their inventions or discoveries,
shall be originally cognizable, as well m equity as at law,
by the circuit coiirts of tho United States, or any district
coutt having the powers and jurisdiction of a circuit couit.'
"The.se piovisions itsecnw to u% not only designate the
form of action—point out the mode of pioceedmg—but spe-
cify the vciv tubunal in which the remedy nnm be admin-
istered. It to be by action on the ca«5<>; a verdict of a
jtuy is"to fix the amount ot damages, and the com* to in-
crease them, within pie&eribcd limits, according to its dis-
eiction. The proceedings ot this court me not according
to the course of the common law. We have no jury, and
it will be readily teen that, constituted as this couu'is, it
would be impossible ior us to take cognizance ot these cases
and meet tho lequiremcnu ot the aet* of Congress. Bolides
all tiny, there is the direct and explicit enactment confining,
the jmbdiction to *tlie encuit courts of the United States,
oi any district eoutt having the poweis and jurisdiction of
a circuit court.' "
Now, Mr. Speaker, it appears from this opin-
ion of the Court of Claims that they have not
tho machinery necessity to the adjustment and
trial of these cases.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WILSON. Not at this moment. The
question is whether wearc disposed to establish
a precedent which shall ultimately result in giving
to the Court of Ciaims a jury with all the ma-
chinery neeossury to the detei munition of causes
of this kind.
It may be said that this is not intended as a
precedent; but we find that this is the second case
that has come before the irlouse within afew days.
Committees have reported two cases in which
they propose to extend the jurisdiction of the
Court of Chums to patent ca.ses. If we intend
to give paities and the Goveimnent that full and
conrple'e remedy which the law now provides for
patent cases, wo musi go further and provide a
jury for the (hiurf of Chums, it is, therefore, a
very important question of jurisdiction, and one
which 1 think should be consideied by the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Again, sir, why should we place this claimant
m any better position than any other claimant
under a patent issued by the Government of the
United {Stales, oi, if it. will not, place him in any
better position, why place this claimant in any
woisu position than other claimants having simi-
lar claims ?
Now, 1 do think that unless we are prepared
to follow up this legislation with an act providing
a jury and all other machinery to the Court of
Claims, we' had better have this question fully
investigated before we conclude to act in the
premises. I will now yield to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kkllky.]
Mr. KELLEY. I desued to ask the gentle-
man how tho case to w hich he referred came into
the Court of Chums, whether by congressional
reference or upon the ongiual petition of the
claimant.
Air. WILSON. It was upon original petition.
|| Mr. KELLEY. Exactly; then the court had
no jurisdiction. But if the gmitleman will ex-
amine the first section of the act establishing the
i court, he will find thaf'it provides for the refer-
j once by Congie;;s to that court ofjust such cases,
j and in that will be found an answci to the inquiry
j put to me yesterday, why the claimant did not
j present Ins claim original I y to tho Court of Claims?
; Sir, he could notdo it. Tlie law gives the court
| jurisdiction in all matters of conti act at iMtig under
| an act of Congress, or mi order of one of the De-
j partments, but where a claim comes sounding in
j ton, as this does, by the improper use of a pat-
- eat or the infringement of the rights of a citizen,
then it may be sent there—so says the original
act—by a reference by Congress, and-, therefore,
t-o refer this case to the court, is by no means to
extend its jurisdiction, but merely to execute the
jurisdiction confided to it by the act originally
creating it, to wit, the reference of such cases
sounding in tort as Congress may find itself in-
adequate, fiom want of time, to examine, and yet
in-which there is a real-question at issue between
the Government and an honest claimant.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, this joint reso-
lution does propose to extend the jurisdiction of
the Couit of Claims. The Court of Claims have
decided in a similar case that they have not juris-
diction. This resolution-proposes to confer it
-expressly.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Iowa permit me to ask him a question?
Mr." WILSON. Ceitamly.
Mr. STEVENS. In the ease alluded to, was
it referred to the Court by Congress?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; it was not. If the
Court of Claims has junsdiction now, there is
no necessity for the passage of this act. If it has
not the jurisdictionnow, does the gentleman think
we ought to extend it?
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will permit the
act itself to answer.
Mr. WILSON. I understand^vhat it says.
Mr. KELLEY. It provides that the court shall
hear and detei mine all claims founded on any law
of Congress, or on any regulation of an Executive
Department, or on any contract, express or im-
plied, with the Government of the United States,
that may be presented to it by a petition filed
therein. Now, the case to which the gentleman
refers was not such a case; and therefore the
court had no jurisdiction. But the act proceeds:
And ateo all claims which may be referied to said court
by either Ilous-e ui Congiess. **
Ithas been the constant usage of both Houses
of Congiess to refer justsuch cases as this to that
court, under that clause. Therefore I say that
the reference of this case is not an extension ofthc
jurisdiction of the court.
Mr. WILSON. The Court of Claims does
not base its want of jurisdiction on the ground
simply that the case was not referred to it. In
addition to that, the courtsays that it is not pro-
vided with a jury, or with the machinery neces-
sary for the trial of the case. Does the gentle-
man piopose to send a jury to the Court of Claims
with this case? The couit says it has no juris-
diction because the case has not been referred to
it by Congress; and that if it had been referred,
the court could not try it because it is not pro-
vided with a jury, to which the parties are en-
titled.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I did not give the gentle-
man my entire time.
Mr. WILSON. I yield the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The claimant here has
got into the hands of the lawveis, and we have
had a legal discussion of it. i do not profess to
know much about its legal points, but I do pro-
fess to know something about the principles of
justice and honesty. I think that if Congress
does not refer this man's claim where it can be
properly examined and adjudicated, it will be a
denial of justice to him. 1 believe this is a just
claim, and I have examined it thoroughly.
I hope the matter will be lefcrrcd to the Cfcurt
of Claims, where it can be duly investigated, and
that the proposition to refer it to the Committee
of Claims will be voted down. I renew the call
for the previous question, and hope that it will
be seconded now, as the question haw been legally
and thoroughly discussed.
Mr. SCllENCK. I propose to offer a substi-
tute for the bill if the gentleman will withdraw
the pre\ ions question.
Mr. MOORHEAD declined to withdraw it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I hope it will be voted
down. I do not recogmze the nght'of the gen-
tleman first to move the previous question, and
when that is voted down to rkum the fiooi a^ain.
The 8PEA KEIt. There a, c two illo t ions pend-
ing to reier the bill, one to the Committee on the
Judiciary and the other to the Committee of
Claims, and these would cut off the motion to
amend.
Mr. SCHENCK. ITthe previous question be
voted down, will it be in order to propose instruc-
tions to the committee?
