3300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. GRIMES. In the third line of the fourth
section I move to strike oat "all freed men" and
insert " confiscated and abandoned lands;*' so as
to make it read:
That the Commissioner, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, shall have the general superintend-
ence of conflated and abandoned lands throughout the
several departments, &c.
I dislike the present phraseology, "the general
superintendence of all freedmen." It implies
control.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to my friend, that I may have the benefit of
his judgment upon it. It seems to me that his
proposition makes the estates the principal thing
and treats the freedmen somewhat as the incident
or as auxiliary. Now, the very title of the bill
is u tocrcatea Bureau ofFreedmen;"and it seems
to me that it would be better and more consistent
with the idea of the bill to keep the frcedmen
prominent as the main object, of the bill, whereas
the proposition of the Senator would bring for-
ward the care of the abandoned and confiscated
lands as the main object. I submit that to him.
Mr. GRIMES. That very idea of which the
Senator speaks is what I objectto, because look-
ing on them as really freemen I do not very much
admire the idea of creating a bureau to take care
of them. I would rather appoint a bureau to take
care of the confiscated and abandoned estates, and
let the care of the frcedmen so far as they shall
be cared for be an incident of the establishment
of the bureau and of the care that shall be exer-
cised over these estates. The amendment that I
propose does not change the character of the sec-
tion. U gives the same power to these commis-
sioners to take charge of the freedmen that is
given by the section as it stands, but it obviates
some technical objections in my mind thatl admit
arc not of very great importance, though it seems
to me they ought to be regarded in framing a law
of this description.
Mr. SUMlNER. I think the proposition of the
Senator interferes somewhat with the idea and
with the harmony of the bill. 1 do not wish to
make a question with the Senator; I regret that
he moves the amendment; I should prefer to have
the bill stand in this respect as it is. I do not
think that his proposition improves it.
Mr. (CRIMES. I want to get it into a shape
in which I can vote for it.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will not
press this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the amendment,
though I think it ought to be adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move in the eighth line
of the second section to stlike out the words
** Socreim y of the Treasury " and insert "Presi-
dent, with the advict; and consent of the Senate."
As it now roads, each department is to bo under
an assistant commissioner, with an annual salary
of $'2,000, " to be appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury.n 1 propose to change it so that
these assistant commissioners shall be appointed
by the President, with the advice and consent of
the Senate. They are much more important offi-
cers than Indian agents and have laiger salaries,
and I think the Senate ought to be permuted to
know who they are that are to be intrusted with
such important powers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In the eighth, ninth, and tenth
lines of the seventh section, J move to strike
out the words u and such agents shall have the
same powers in the premises as are given herein
to assistant commissioners." This refers to the
Treasury agents, as will be seen by looking at
the section, and if 1 understand the phraseology
in the bill as it now stands, it continues the power
of the Treasury agents.
Mr. SUMNER. It continues it merely until
what they are doing, and the papers and property
th«.y have in hand, can be transferred to tiie as-
sistant commissioners and superintendents, it
is intended merely to provide for the transition
period from one system to the other; and the
Senate wiii observe that both of them are in the
Treasury Department, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and the object of this
section is merely for convenience' sake to enable
the present agents acting under the Secretary of
the Treasury to wind up their business, and to
transfer the papers and lands of which they may
have the custody to these newly appointed offi-
cers. I think the Senate will find that there can
be no evil in the clause.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be observed that it is
provided in the preceding clause of the section—
That leases heretofore made by the supervising ppecial
agents of the Treasury Department, under the authority of
the General Order 331, of the Secretary of War, dated Oc-
tober 9, [603, and in accordance with the regulations of the
Treasury Department, shall have the same effect as if made
by assistant commissioners under this act.
I do not know that there can be any valid ob-
jection to that. If these agreements or leases have
been made in strict conformity with the law and
the regulations of the two Departments estab-
lished under the law, they ought to stand. But
then the section goes on and says, " And such
agents," thoge appointed by the Treasury here-
tofore, " shall have the same powers in the prem-
ises as are given herein to assistant commission-
ers." We have already provided by a pieceding
amendment which I submitted and which the Sen-
ate has adopted that these assistant commission-
ers shall b* appointed by the President of the
United States and confirmed by the Senate, and
that the Secretary of the Treasury may designate
the number of districts and therefore the number
of assistant commissioners. Now, suppose that he
does not choose to divide Louisiana and Missis-
sippi into departments and have the Presidentap-
point the assistant commissioners and send their
names to the Senate for approval, may he not
carry on the business with his Treasury agents?
That is what I wish to avoid, and I want the re-
sponsibility attached to these Commissioners
which we have already provided shall be attached.
I do not know that these Treasury agents give
bond. They certainly are not appointed by the
President; they certainly are not confirmed by the
Senate. It sti ikes me that we should have unity in
this system, and we should not have a Treasury
agent peiforming duties under this bill in one
State without being appointed by the President,
without holding any commission, without being
confirmed by us or known to us, while in an ad-
jacent Stale we have a commissioner who has
been appointed by the President and confirmed
by us and who has executed bonds under this
law.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me call the Senator's
attention to the proviso that follows the words
which he has moved to stiike out:
Provided, That no lenses shall he made by them—
These agents—
for a longer period than one year, and that immediately
upon the organization of any departmctitof fieedmen Mich
n^enH shall cease to execute their functions within such
derailment, ami shall deliver over to the assistant com-
mtsMoticr thereof all pjoperty and papers held by them as
agent*-'.
The Senator will therefore see that this pro-
vision is merely transitory; it is to cover the period
intervening between the old system and the new
system. The proposition of the Senator, it seems
to me, while u would take from these agents some
of the powers tiiey otherwise would have, would
also take from them some of the opportunities of
usefulness which this bill aims to secure. For
instance, they could not do as much for the pro-
tection of the freedmen as they might if they were
invested with these powers and authorized to act
us the assistantcommissioners. If, however, the
Senator still perseveres in his criticism on that
point, 1 do not wish to make a strenuous objec-
tion.
Mr. BROWN. It strikes me that the criticism
of the Senator from Iowais perfectly just. There
is no necessity for giving these Treasury agents
any more power. If they have authority under
present laws by their appointment by the head
of the Treasury Department to conduct the busi-
ness in which they are now employed, they can
go on under that authority and do it. There is
no rhyme or reason why we should give them
additional powers such as are mentioned here in
this bill; and I am free to say that for my own
part I shall be unwilling to confer such powers
upon many of the Treasury agents who are now
down there in that employ,
Mr. GRIMES. I think I can satisfy the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts himself that i am right
about this matter. The clause to which he has
called my attention, succeeding that which I have
moved to strike out, reads: "that no lease shall
be made by them" (theTreasury agents) " for a
longer period than one year, and that immediately
upon the organization of any departmcntof freed-
men such agents shall cease to execute their
functions within such department." The agents
are to cease to act when the departments are or-
ganized. "When are the departments to be or-
ganized? Only at the will of the Commissioner,
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury. Sup-
pose that the Commissioner does not choose to
organize these departments, or if he does that the
Secretary of the Treasury does notchoose to con-
firm his action, I ask the Senator do not the
Treasury agents still stand in their office exercis-
ing the powers conferred on the assistant com-
missioners under this bill?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I shall not insist.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I wish to offer a small
amendment to which I suppose there will be no
objection. In the seventh and eighth lines of the
fourth section I move to strike out the words
u in the spirit of the Constitution." They are
in bad taste and quite unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether those words
had better go out. The language is "and gener-
ally, by careful regulations, m the spirit of the
Constitution, to protect these persons in the en-
joyment oftheir rights, topromote their welfare,"
&.C.
Mr. HOWARD. The words objected to do
not affect the meaning.
Mr. SUMNER. They do not affect the legal
obligation one way or the other; but the intro-
duction of the words there does suggest that these
people are to have over them the Constitution,
and that whatever is done in regard to them is to
be done in the spirit of the Constitution. Nat-
urally it must be so, but still it seemed to the com-
mittee not unimportant, under the circumstances,
to introduce these very words, so thateverything
that is done shall, according to the requirement
of the text, be brought at once to the touchstone
of the Constitution, and so that it shall appear
that we intended that specifically.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator desire a division ? The Chair decided that
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will not make any question
about it.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move an amendment
to come in at the end of the fifth section, to pre-
vent a conflict between the courts and the officers
under this bill:
But nothing in this section contained «thall ho construed
to prevent the due execution of process against the real
estate and personal property betore mentioned is>umg m
due comse of law fiom courts ot competent jurisdiction.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have but a single other
amendment. In the third line of the first section
I move after the word" office" to insert " to con-
tinue during the existing war."
Mr. WILSON. I movetoamend that byadd-
ing "and two years thereafter."
Mr. POWELL. I doubt whether that is m
order; there is already an amendment to an amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is an amend-
ment in the third degree, and not in order. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, which is an amendment to the
amendment of the select committee.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move this amendment
in order to test the sense of the Senate in refer-
ence to the duration of this measure, to ascertain,
if it be possible, whether the intention is that this
measure shall accompany the war, and be consid-
ered as an incident of the war, or on the other
hand a settled policy in the civil administration of
our Government without reference to our present
difficulties. The statement of it indicates my in-
tention without an argument.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have said often in the dis-
cussion of this question that I regarded it as a tran-
sition measure calculated to serve a tempoiary
purpose, to bridge over, if I may so express my-
self, the period from slavery to freedom. That, I
think, was the idea of the committee. I believe
the Senator from Pennsylvania was no stranger
to it, as we had the honor of numbering him on
our committee. But while that certainly is my
