1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" and liberties of the people trampled under foot in
violation of the organic law of the land. I do not
utter these words in the feeling of party spirit. I
do not intend to throw.anything in the way of
this Administration to prevent a constitutional
prosecution of this war. I intend to stand by the
country and the noble and gallant officers and sol-
diers in the field, and to vote for men and money
to an unlimited extent to put down this rebellion;
but at the same time I am for adding to war and
force the power of conciliation, Christianity, char-
ity, and compromise, so far as is consistent with
an honorable and lasting "peace, bajsed solely and
alone upon the un ity of all the States and the res-
toration of the old Union, and to consent to no
peace until every starattcmpted to be struck from
our glorious banner shall be cemented to its sa-
cred folds.
But, sir, when we oppose any measure coming
from the other side of this House, because we
believe it unconstitutional or unwise, we are
charged with disloyalty; and the gentleman from
Maryland went so far, in discussing this resolu-
tion, as to say:
'•* When they tender support I shall look at it with some-
thing of suspicion. For myself, sir, relying on the fact that
the people have sent enough ol' as here for the purpose of
supporting the Administration, I would suggest that per-
haps gentlemen on the other side of the House had just as
well execute the mission with wllich the constituentsthat
elected them sent them here, charged to oppose, to embar-
rass, to libel, and to break down the Administration, and
leave the support of it to the gentlemen whom the people
have sent here to maintain it."
I ne'ed not say to you, Mr. Speaker, that we did
not come here for the purpose of libeling orbreak-
ing down the Administration. That was not the
object for which our constituents sent us here.
They sent us here because they found that after
this war had gone on for two long years, and they
had sent forth their' sons and brothers, whose
blood had reddened every battle-field, they only
received from their opponents epithets and disap-
probation; they sent us here because they believed
that an attempt was being made to deprive them of
the fruils of the Constitution and of the consti-
tutional liberties which had been delegated to them
'by [heir fathets, and they went to the ballot-box
in New Jersey and in other States to sustain, to
perpetuate, to uphold, and to maintain those l'b-
ei'ties, not with cannon-balls, but with ballots.
They sent us here as their representatives be-
cause they believed thatif the tide of abolitionism,
fanaticism, of despotism, of ostracism, tyranny,
banishment, and bondage was not stopped in its
mad career, the liberties of the country would be
blotted out and destroyed forever. They sent us
, here because they found that common infoimers
were going about the land, and that drum-head
courts-martial had usurped the forum of civil law.
They sent us here to sustain the Administration
in every constitutional measure to put down the
rebellion. I was elected 011 such a platform, and
by the God of heaven who made me I will stand
on that platform though earth and hell confront
me. They sentus here because they believed that
our political enemies were exulting over the down-
fall of liberties made venerable by the love of cen-
turies and laughing over each successive blow
struck at public liberty and public law. They
sent us here because they believed the party in
power were reveling in the crisis of the nation's
ruin; that their conduct was symbolic of the blood
of Catoand Scipio, speaking in the swollen linea-
ments of ancient barbarism; that the heroic honor
of tiuth and the ancient days of justice were dead
and gone; that the passions of our political enemies
lmd entered our households, poisoned the affec-
tions and destroyed the inteicourse of men; be-
cause they believed that the ostracism of ancient
Greece and the deportations of modern Russia had
been openly carried into effect; because they be-
lieved that no sense of the mighty fall or shadow
of the dreadful doom which then appeared toawait
the people of the land had stopped the reckless
clouds of despotism and tyranny that then ap-
peared to hover over us in that hour of frantic
revelry; because they believed the doctrine of
the rebels of the South and the fanatics of the
North had proven itself antagonistic to true free-
dom and humanity; because they believed the
proclamation for the abolition of slavery, which
had been lately made, had disturbed and embit-
tered the social dependencies, broken the bonds
of a common political faith, degraded us as a na-
tion before the envious monarclis of earth, de-
prived us of our inherent power to vindicate our
rights, and sowed broadcast throughout the land
the terrible seeds of disunion, by which the peo-
ple would reap a harvest of death, desolation,
misery, mourning, and woe unparalleled in the
history of the,world; because they believed that
the spirit of abolition had breathed its contagion
throughout the nationalcapital, had profaned and
polluted its very walls; that it had defiled the holy
places of this country by its corrupting influences;
that foul abolitionism was croaking for prey and
wetting its bloody beaks and dirty talons upon
the sacred altars of the nation; and because the
proud spirit of the people, whose principles were
founded in the spirit of Washington and Jeflrer-
soni'had been degraded by practices that were
disgraceful to the civilized world.
The gentleman from Illinois said we on this
side of the House did.not represent any constit-
uency, and thatif we had been dealt with accord-
ing to the Constitution we would not have been
here. I want those gentlemen to understand that
some of us do represent a constituency, even by
the vote of the last fall's election.
There is a little State in this Union that lies be-
tween the great States of New York and Penn-
sylvania called New Jersey. It is the State that
did not give her electoral or popular vote to this
Administration. It is the State where 110 draft
has taken place, and was the first to place her
entire quota of" three months' men" in the field,
fully armed and equipped, after President Lin-
coln, on the 15th of April, 1861, had summoned
the loyal States to the succor and defense of the
Union. She was the first to procure her full
complement of men under the subsequent call for
three hundred thousand additional troops. Of the
"nine months' men" she furnished her appro-
priate contingent; and at the last call of the Gov-
ernment she raised by volunteering more men than
were obtained from tlie whole of New England
by the draft. It is the State that last fall, for the
second time, rolled back that tide of abolitionism
an(i fanaticism which was sweeping around her
borders. It is the State that gave more majority
lor the Democratic party and the Union last fall,
according to the vote polled, than it did in 18(0.
It is the State that never has and never will give
her vote to the ruinous policy of fanaticism, abo-
litionism, despotism,ostracism, tyranny, banish-
ment, or bondage. It is the State that sends her
Representatives here by the power of ballots, in-
stead of bayonets, cannon, and bullets. It is that
State which in the contest now raging poured out
her men and money in streams as mighty as the
waters which sweep from her mountain sides,
whose sons have laid down their lives around the
sacred piecinctof the tomb of Washington to up-
hold and perpetuate the blessings of liberty be-
queathed to us by the framers of the Constitution,
which men who love the negro better'than their
country are trying by this legislation to destroy.
It is the State that has not forgotten the battles of
Monmouth, Princeton, and Trenton. It is the gal-
lant, noble State that never falters in her devotion
to the Union. In fact, sir, it is the only State that
stands by the Constitution and Union of our
fathers.
Why should we be charged with disloyalty
when the blood of the Democratic sons fend fath-
ers has reddened the soil upon every battle-field ?
The chargeis base and cowardly, and only worthy
of fanatics, panderers, and parisites to despotic
power. The gfhtlemen who make such charges
might as well understand that we do not intend
to be intimidated by any such cowardly and das-
tardly insults, as we consider those who make such
charges beneath the dignity and consideration of
freemen. I, for one, do not. intend to allow the Con-
stitution to be subverted and the liberties of the
people trampled under foot by any unconstitutional
or abnormal legislation without at least protest-
ing against it; because, sir, the Constitution is the
Union, and if it be destroyed, the Union perishes
with it. I mean the Union that our fathers made.
It is that Union, and that alone, which can give
to the people of this country those safeguards
which all men claim as the jewels of their moDt
precious birthright.
Mr. SPALDING obtained the floor.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolledabill (H. R. No. 143) (o-
amend the law prescribing the articles to be. a<i~
mitted into the mails of the United State®} wheti
the Speaker signed the same.
EXOCSED FROM SEKVIMtt UPON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. LOAN. I rise for the purpose of asking
to be* excused from further service upon the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
No objection was made, and Mr. .wasex-
cused.
INTERNAL REVENUE,
Mr. STEVENS. "With the leave of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] who is entitled
to the floor, I move that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole 0(1 the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended', and theHouse ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox in the _
chair,) and resumed the consideration of the spe-
cial order, being bill of the House No. 122, to
increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses. • .
The Clerk read the sixth section of the bill.
' Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to a previous section of the bill. The gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Bi.aine] yesterday of-
fered aji amendment in relation to the tax imposed
upon cotton. I desire to know if that amendment
was agreed to ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON. In order to perfect that
section and to make the principle which has been
adopted by the House apply to all goods subject
to taxation, I propose to offer an amendment in
shape of a proviso, and I will state to the House
that it proposes to' repeal so much of the original
tax law as provided that cotton in the hands of
the manufacturer on the 1st day of October, 1862,
should not pay a tax. I am not aware that there
is any cotton of that kind in the hands of the man-
ufacturers, but if there is, in order to carry out
the principle adopted by the House yesterday, I
move to add at the end of the fourth section the
following proviso:
Jlnd provided further, That all provisions of law whereby
cotton 111 the hands of manufacturers of cotton fabrics 011
October 1,1862,.and prior thereto, is exempted from taxation
are hereby repealed, and the same shall be subject to the
rate of taxation imposed by this bill.
The object of the amendment is to repeal ail ex-
emption contained in the original tax law whereby
cotton in the hands of the cotton manufacturer
on the 1st day of October, 1862, was exempted
from taxation. I will say that I do not approve
the principle which was adopted in the committee
yesterday, but members seem determined to carry
ltout. Theydidsoin thecaseof distilled spirits.
They did it again in the case of cotton, imposing
a tax 011 the stock in hand. I want to have that
principle canied out still further, by providing
that all the cotton in the hands of manufacturers
on the 1st of October, 1862, as well as all other
cotton, shall be subject to the duty imposed by
this act. The amendment of the gentleman from
Maine, adopted yesterday, only provides that
cotton which has paid the duty of half a cent per
pound shall now pay the additional tax of a cent
and a half. This amendment of mine proposes
to tax two cents that cotton which under the
former law was entirely exempted from taxation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 move to strike out of the
sixth section the following wor-ds:
A drawback of tivo cents per pound upon such articles
in all cases where the duty imposed by this act upon the
cotton Used in the manufacture thereof shall be satisfac-
torily shown to have been previously paid ; the amount of
said diavvhaek to be ascertained in such manner as may
be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
under the direction of the Seeietary of Hie Treasury.
In proposing this amendment permit me to say
that the Committee of Ways and Means in re-
porting this bill has committed, I think, an over-
sight. Theliill purports to be a revenue bill; but
this section gives a bounty of two cents per pound
to the manufacturers of cotton, and therefore the
bill ought to be called a bill for their benefit, and
not a revenue bill. 1 suppose it will be replied to
me that it is necessary to allow the drawback of
this duty on cotton manufactures exported, in
order to enable manufacturers to compete in the
foreign markets with foreign manufacturers. My
