1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1349
The SPEAKER. It will bo.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then if the previous ques-
tion be voted "down I will submit an amendment
with instructions.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope the House will
sustain the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ASHLEY. I accept the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] to refer fo the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I object.
The question being on Mr. Wasiiburne's
amendment to Mr. Ashley's motion,
Mr. ASHLEY called for the yeas and nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashley and
Moobhcad were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Alloy, Allison, Ames, Ashley. John I).
Baldwin, Beaman, Boimvoll, JJojd, JhandejrrCj'Jamofa S:
Biown, William G. Uiown, Ohanler, Ambio.xe W. Claik,
Fieeniau Chuke, Cobb, Cole, Thomas T. l>avis>, Dixon,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eliot. Fiank. Gailk-ld, Gooch.Gtm-
ncIl, Iligbv, A^iiirl W. Huhbaui, John U. Hubbard, Julian,
Fiancife W. K>llo<*ir, Samuel F. Millei, Moirill, Noiion,
Odell. Orth, Pomeioy, Pne<\ Vvi!I\im Jl. Knndall, Edward
ii Rollins, Sehendt, tfcnfield, iSnmheis Spakinip. Thomas,
Tracy, Up-on, Ehbu IS. YVa^hbnrno, William L5.Washburn,
Wilson, Wuidom, and VVoodbiidjn—51.
NAY^—Mcm«. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. An-
cona, Anderson, Baily, A"i{uuu<- C. llahlwin, Baxter,
Blame. Fianr-i*? I> Jihur, Hhs-s, Jhookc, Ciooniall. Claj,
Diijjpt-, Eldrid£'% English, Tiucic. Gndet, Griswold, Iialt*,
Hall, Hauling, Ilamnyton. [feinck, Ilohnan, Ilotenkiss,
Philip Johnson, KaiMlei^ch, Kelley, Law. Lazrai. Long-
yeai.Mailory. Marov. McChng. William H Millei. Moor-
head, James It. Moiiis, Moiiison, Amos Leonatd
M>eis, Noble, Cliailos O'Neill, John O'Neill, Patteison,
Pendleton, IVjham, ^aniuel J. Hand.til, Robm.-on, Rogers,
James S Rollins ScoU, Shannon. Stevens Snouso. ytuait,
Wholev, Wiieoici, and Wmfield—59.
So the House refused to refer the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The question then recurred on Mr. Ashley's
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. WASriBURNE,of Illinois,demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. If the bill is not referred to
the Committee of Claims, 1 understand that the
question will then come up on referring it to the
Court of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for refer-
ring the chum to the Court of Claims.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messi*. Allcv, Alison, Anifs, Ashley. John D.
Baldwin, Iranian, Boutv\.'il HKu.drjiee, James  -* I'aown,
Chanlor, AmbtiNc \V rtiirk, E>pi'umii ri.ulc, Cobb, Col?,
Thomas T. Dcivh, D xon, Donnelly, Dumont, lObiudeje,
Eiiot, Fiuek, Garfield, Gooeh. Gnnnell, iLcbv, Uoopei,
A^.iii"! \Y. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbaul,' Jnhan, Ka->on,
Ftaneis W. KeHo<^. ^.uuuel F. Yuhei, Jamr* ft. Moru^
Norton, Odell, Oith, Pend'eton, Pomcioy, Pnee, Edward
II. Rolhitb, ^thom.k, Scnd'.'ld. Shamjo,;. jSinithej'*. Spaid-
ine, Tracy, iJp^on, Ehlm iL Wa-hburnc. William H.
Washburn, Wheelei. Wilson, Windoni, and Wondb:nlgo
—53.
NAYS—Mc«?is, JnmosO. Alien, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Andeison, f5ai!\. "Vii^nnus (\ li"ldwm. Paxhu.
Bkutfo, Franoi-" P. lilan, 1Ui.—, iJlow, Boyd, Blanks, Bioom-
all, William G. Dkiuii, Clay, Cirivent. j/enwai, Drigjis,
Einrh^h, Cinder, GuswmJ. lLdr>, I/all, H^-dm,;, .Benjamin
G. flairs, lE'iiiek, Fiohnan, Ilotchkiss Philip Johnson,
Kalblleis''h, Ke}|(jy, Law, Lazeai, Loan. Lonsvoar, .Mal-
joiy, Mfircj, WcjUiuj^r, ^\Ii'>othcad, 3I< ni"ori, Amos "Vlver*,
Leoiuud .Mi er-, KohU-, Giiailet; O'Xejil. Jnlm rPNctll.'pat;
terson, Porliam, Perry. Samuel J. .Randall, ^Vilham II. Ran-
dal!, Ait-xandu II. Rice, Robinson, Ro«cf^, Scott, Stevens.
STiouse, Stuart, Waid, Wimloy, Wilder, Wmfieki, and
Ycamau—fi.'j.
So tho Hons'p rpfuscd to refer the bill to the
Committee of Claims.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and rend
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. MOORHEAD demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nay.s were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 67, nays 47; as follows:
YEAR—Mestfr*. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Baily, Baxter, Blaine, Francis P. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boyd,
Brooks, Broomali, Clay, Cravens, Pe'nison, Driggs, Eld-
ridge, English, Gridor, Gnswold, Hall, Harding, Benjamin
Of. Harris, Charier M. Harris, Heriick, Holinan, Hooppr,
Hotchkirfs, Philip Johnson, Kalbfieisch, KeJIey, Francis
W. Kelioga, Law, Laxear, Loan, Lon^year, MuJlury,
Marcy, MeBride, McOIurg, William H. Miller, Moorhead,
James R. Monis, Amos Myers, Leonard Myew, Ohftrlee
O'NejH, John O'JVeill, Patterson, Perham, X^rry, Pike,
Samuej J. Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson, Rogers,
Junes S.Itolhns, s?eott, Shannon, Stevens, Strouse. Stuart,
Ward, Wlialev. Wilder. Wir.tleld, and Yeaman—67,
NAYS—Mebsr-«. Alley, Alhrfon, Ames, Ashley, John D;
Baldwin, Be?uuan, Bout\veU,Brandoge<',Chanler, Ambrose
"V\r. CJ.ii k, Fr«'(.jmau Clatke, Cobb, Cole, Dixon, Dumont,
Rliot, Fiuek, Fiank. Gailield, Gooch, Hia;by, Atahel W,
Hubbard, John II. Ilnbhaid. Julian, Kawun, Moirill, Mor-
iibon. Norton, Odell, Orth. Pendleton, Ponteroy, Price, Ed-
waid H. Rollins, Sc'icnek. Scofi"ld. Smithexs, Spalding,
Thomas, Tiae\, Up^on, E'uhu B. VVashbunie, William
B. 'Wasbbuiuj "VVhceler, Wilson, \Vindom, and Wood-
bridge—47.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MOORHEAD moved to reconsider the
vote by whio.h the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Em oiled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the Fame:
An act (H. it. INro. 3-i) making appropriations
for the buppoit of the Military Academy for the
year ending .Tune 30, 1?G5; and
An act (II. R. j\o. 312) to increase the pension
of the {evolutionary pensioners now on tne rolls
of the Pension Office.
MESSAGE MtOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed Senate joint resolution
iXo. 38, e'xplanntoiy of the tenth section of an act
to reduce the expenses of the survey of the pub-
lic lands of the United States, approved May 30,
1862; m which he was diieeted to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
RESOLUTIONS OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, submitted
the resolutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin
on the condition of the country; which were or-
dered to be printed, and laid upon the table.
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. YEA MAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was reail,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
ftuicted to inquire into tho piaeuc.ibi!ii> and utility of fur-
ni.-hnig and u-uiir n- >n;!ii<uy highway th*"1 idilroud Horn
Henderson. Kentucky, to Nashville. Tennesseej and to
lepoiihy bill oi otix'iuv-e.
Mr. HOOPER moved that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House tesoive itself into the
! Committee of the "Whole on the slate of the Union.
! Mr. GRItiWOLD. 1 desire to make one or
j two adverse reports from the Committee on xvaval
Allans, which I appichem! will meet no objec-
j Hon. 1 a^k the gentleman from Massachusetts to
j yield to me for that put pose.
: Mr. HOOPER, i will yield on condition that
i they give nwe to no debate.
j CAiTUULS MADIS BY AMliD VESSELS.
, Mr. GR IS WOLD, by unanimous consent, from
. the Committee < n Ivaval Aifairs, reported back a
! biil (H. R. jNo. in relation to the captures
[ made by armed vessels in the service of the Uni-
] ted States, with a recommendation that it should
not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
JAMES M. WATSON.
Mr, GRIiSWOLD also, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on fsTaval Affairs, made an
adverse reportupon the petition of James M.Wat-
son, commander in the United States .Navy.
The report was laid on the table.
niTCinii's compass.
Mr.GRlSWOLD aUo, hyunanimous consent,
from the Committee on jNavtd Affairs, made an
adverse report on the resolution to purchase the
right of using and manufacturing Ritchie's com-
pass for the use of iron-clad ships.
The resolution was laid on the table.
LIEUTENANT JOHN EE. RUSSELL-.
Mr. MOORHEAD. X ask the same privilege
of the gentleman from Massachusetts. ' '
Mr. HOOPER. Certainly, on the same con-
ditions.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval^Affairs, reported
back a joint resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to Lieutenant John H. Russell and the
men of the steamer Colorado, with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass.
The resolution was laid on the table.
CAPTAIN HENRY "VVALKE.
Mr. MOORHEAD also, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported
back a joint resolution tendering the thanks of
Congress to Captain Henry Walke, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. SPALDING. Before the question is taken
on layingthis resolution on the table, I hope the
report will be read. I am certain it does no in-
justice to Captain Walke.
The report, which was read, states that the Naval
Committee, to which was referred the joint reso-
lution tendering the thanks of Congress to Cap-
tain Henry Walke for his efficient services ren-
dered the country in connection with the opening
of the navigation of the Mississippi river, had had
the resolution under consideration, and highly
appreciate the bravery and conduct of Captain
Walkeand his brave associates in connection with
the navigation of the Mississippi river, yet from
feelings of delicacy to many other brave and he-
roic men, whom it would be impossible to name
individually, the committee were constrained to
report adversely on the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have concluded not to re-
port back the resolution favoiably, 1 could only
be contented with the result on the ground that
no thanks are to be voted for any officer in like
rank to that held by Captain Walke, of whose
services I have known much, and who has ren-
dered brave and gallant services with many other
officers in command upon the western waters.
any resolution of thanks were to be passed to any
of those gentlemen in thatrank,lshouldcertainly
be in favor of the passage of the res<Huti©n in be*
half of Captain Walke.
Mr. FLNCK. i think great injustice would be
done to this gallant officer if the report should be
concurred in by the House. I was not apprised
by the chairman of the committee that such- a re-
port would be made this morning, or I should
have been prepared to furnish the House with evi-
dence which would satisfy it that this resolution
should be adopted without a single dissenting
voice. No more gallant officer belongs to cither
the military or the naval service of the United
States than Captain Henry Walke. He was the
first officer of the Navy that undertook to tun the
batteries of Island No. 10, and he accomplished
it to the satisfaction not only of his superior offi-
cers, but of the Secretary of the Navy, and to the
entire satisfaction of the whdle country. He has
participated m fourteen engagements in the pres-
ent war, and has been under fire, perhaps, as
often if not oftener than any man of his age in
that arm of the service, and it seems to me ex-
ceedingly strange that an officer who has done so
much during this struggle, and who has acted so
bravely, should receive- at the hands of the Naval
Committee this kind of gratitude. We have been
thanking generals in the Army and commanders
in the Navy, and I think it would be unjust to
Captain Walke if this House should refuse to pass
this resolution recognizing his brave and gallant
services. I theiefore trust that the recommenda-
tion of the committee will not be concurred in,
but that the resolution of rhanfts may receive the
unanimous vote of this House.
Mr. IIOOPER. I must object to any further
discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Massachusetts to yield on con-
dition that no debate should arise on these adverse
reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
