THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21.
reply to ftat is that the manufacturers of France,
England, and Germany pay the same.two cents
a pound on the raw cotton; and therefore the
American and foreign manufacturers will go into
competition in the foreign markets on equal terms.
Besides, as the cottons of Egypt, Surat, and Brazil
are often mixed up with American cotton, there
would be much difficulty inascei-taining.the com-
ponent parts of the manufactured goods, so that
the manufacturer would often have the drawback
allowed on cotton for which he had paid no duty.
I think, besides, that the principle is unjust.
We have imposeda tax of sixty.cents per gallon
on whisky, and it falls not upon the distillers of
spirits but on the producers of grain in the great
• Northwest. The able memorial from Chicago,
exceedingly well got up, which has been read and*
re-read on this floor, shows that were it not for
the consumption of corn in spirits, the price of
corn would be from forty to sixty cents per bushel
lower than it now is. It shows that it is the con-
version'of corn and other grain into whisky that
increases the price of corn from forty to sixty cents.
Here is a heavy tax on the great agricultural in-
terest of the country, and a bounty to the manu-
facturing interest of the country. As Ji man rep-
resenting commercial interests I stand between,
and I ask equal and exact justice both to the ag-
riculturist and to the manufacturer. I therefore
propose to have tliitf drawback on exported goods
struck out of the bill, as being out of place in a
revenue bill and as inconsistent with all the other
items.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that the
gentleman's amendment only strikes out all after
the word "articles?"
Mr. BROOKS. Jcs.
Mr. HOLMAN. There seems to be no reason
for leaving the restof thesection in. The preced-
ing portion of the section would be without any
meaning whatever. I therefore move to amend
the amendment by striking out the first part of
the section, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jhul he it further enacted, Timt, from and after
the date on which this act takes ettect, in computing the
■ allowance or diawhaek upon artiele.s maiiiilhcturcd o.\eJu-
mvoly of cotton when cxpmted, there shall he allowed, la
addition to the throe pci cent, duly which uliall have leon
paid on such articles ;
and tp insert in lieu of the whole section a sub-
stitute for it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would sug-
gest that the pending amendment, should first be
acted on.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well, sir; I withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 confess, Mr. Chairman,
that the gentleman from NewYork[Mr. Brooks]
manifests his friendship lor commerce in a very
singular way. It is true that a little foreign com-
merce has sprung up in the country in conse-
quence of our manufacturers being able, from a
long staple of cotton, ^manufacture goods and
gend them to India, China, Smith America, and
Mexico. Unless the drawback were allowed
them they could not compete at all with English
or other foreign manufacturers,and would be ef-
fectively shut out of foreign markets. The law
of drawbacks is specially guarded, requiring the
parties to make satisfactory proof m all cases
that the duty has been paid. Unless it has been
paid it will not be returned. Besides, the draw-
back is only to be allowed to them on the weight
of the cotton after being manufactured, and they
will lose on account of the shrinkage which cotton
undergoes in the process of manufacture. It is
no loss to the Government atall to allow these
drawbacks. But if the gentleman from New Yoik
is disposed to entirely extinguish this kind of
trade, and.it" the House choose to follow him in
it, then be it so.
Mr. VOORHEES. I move toamend theamend-
niont ot the gentleman from New York by strik-
ing out the entire section; and I do it for the
reason that I regard the principle of the whole
section as pernicious and wrong.
I he CHAUl-MAN. The Clitiir will suggest
to the gentleman from Indiana that his proposi-
tion is not an amendment to the amendment.
;vlr. VOORUhhS. I will then speak in support
of the amendment of the gentleman from New
Y.e-lc. which embr.ves substantially the subject
upon winch I uis!) to speak, although it does not
{,<> .is ini .is I iluiiti if ought.
Let us aiiv;,t our attention for a moment by
looking into the legislation that exists-at this time
upon the subject of cotton and its manufacture.
Provision is made in this section for a drawback
of two cents per pound; and that system has ex-
isted and been followed in all our revenue laws
since the present party came into power. The
object of it is this: the manufactured article that
is sold in this country pays a tax to the Govern-
ment, but the manufacturer obtains a drawback
to exactly the amount of that tax by charging up
the price to the consumer.
You tax the manufacturer in the first place three
per cent., but lie sends the goods to the agricul-
tural portion of the country and charges up the
amount of the tax, and it comes back into his
pocket. And in that way he pays no tax at all.
And again, the little that is exported to foreign
countries for sale is made free of tax in this way:
when he has paid nominally the three per cent,
and the goods reach the custom-house for ex-
portation, the Government refunds the tax and
pays the money back to him. Thus he is pro-
tected wherever he may sell in securing the re-
turn of the tax.
Sir,.I defy any advocate of the manufacturing
interest in this House to show me that-the man-
ufacturer, from shoe-pegs to broadcloths, pays one
centof revenue intothepublicTreasury thatstays
there. 1 have looked into thi^legislation so care-
fully that I am prepared to assert that no besieged
city was ever so fortified against the possibility
of attack as is the manufacturing interest of this
country against being compelled to pay into the
public Treasury one dollar of its wealth. Every
dollar comes from the laboring, the agricultural,
and the consuming portion of the country.
I want to know whether the West has any
friends upon the floor of this House b We pay
every dollar that is to be levied by this tax bill.
It is true, upon the question of this drawback
■ that we are not directly interested; but it is also
true that we will have to pay into the Treasury
the amount which theGovernmentrefundsto these
manufacturers. It is just so much taken out of
the Treasury which we will have to replace. The
manufacturing interest is protected in the trade at
home by the additional import duty you have laid
on foreign articles to the extent and mm e of the in-
ternal tax which you impose, and then, when the
manufacturer sends his goods abroad, he is pro-
tected against the possibility of paying any tax by
the Government refunding in the shape of ndraw-
back all the taxes he has paid 011 the article to be
exported.
Now this House might as well come to the con-
clusion that nobody is deceived by this kind of
legislation. Gentlemen may as well lay aside
the delusion they have sought to impose upou the
country, that they are taxing these manufactu-
rers.
Here you are imposing a tax of two cents a
pound upon raw cotton. Who pays that tax?
Not the manufacturer. The consumer pays it on
what ia sold in this country. On that which is
to abroad nobody pays, for the Government
refunds it.
I repeat the assertion, and I challenge contra-
diction, that in this hour of the nation's trial and
surest necessity the mamifactuuiig interest of the
country pays not a dollar into the public Treas-
ury that stays thoie. And yet airs of patriotism
are put on here by men representing thatinterest.
1 visited New England last summer, and with
pride and pleasure did I behold ^er beautiful val-
leys, her bright hills, her clear waters, the kind
and hospitable people with whom I associated;
but when I heard the swelling hum of her manu-
factories, and saw those which only a short time
ago worked but a few hands now working their
thousands, and rolling up their countless wealth,
I felt that it was an unhealthy prosperity. To
my mind it presented a wealth wrung from the
labor, the-sinews, the bone and muscle- of the
men who till the soil, taxed to an illegitimate ex-
tent to foster and support that great system of
local wealth.
Mr. Chairman, I rejoice in the prosperity of
the country, and the whole country, i love this
country and every pmt of it, but I have no sec-
tional animosities to gratify. I do not intend to
stand idly by and *see one portion of the country
robbed and oppressed for thfe benefit of another,
I will never vote for any revenue bill that em-
braces that principle. It is robbery; it is wrong.
If the manufacturers of this country cannot com-,
pete with the manufacturers of foreign countries,
let them give up the business, and let us buy goods
where we can buy them the cheapest. That-is.
an honest principle, and none other is honest.
Mr. HARRINGTON. 1 move to strike out
the last word, for the purpose of enabling me to,
debate the act under the iive-minute rule of the
House.
Mr, Chairman, I understand the sixth section
of this act to exempt manufacturers of raw cottom
from the payment of taxes, or', in other'words,
to refund to them three-per cent, as well as two'
cents per pound on all manufactured cotton they
see fit to export. To that! I am opposed. I rep--
resent a constituency whose pursuits are agricul-
tural—a constituency who are consumers of the
fabrics-which are contemplated by the sixth sec-
tion. i regard.that section as discriminating not
only in favor of the manufacturing interests of
New England but in favor of the carrying trade
of New England and New York at the expense
of the Northwest. I am at a loss to know why
■the taxes upon cotton exported to the inhabitants
of England and France should be taken off as
drawback, and imposed upon the citizens of the'
Northwest. Such legislation is a discrimination,
sir, that has caused much uneasiness in the North-
west; and this act is not the only discrimination
against the interests of the Northwest at this
session. Yesterday was adopted another discrim-
ination against the Northwest in the shape of adr
ditional tax upon distilled spirits. I will 11st say
that a tax of that kind would alienate the peo-
ple ofthe Northwest; but 1 will say this much,
that it will cause uneasiness and disquiet among
those who are to pay this tax as consumers.
The effect of the sixth section is substantially
this: if the manufacturer East, with millions, shall
see fit to export this cotton when worked up into
fabrics to Europe or elsewhere,' it provides that
he shall receive all of the profits without any bur-
den of taxes. Gentlemen may say that it is ne-
cessary for the carrying trade of the Atlantic sea-
board. It seems to me, in these times of heavy
taxation under which the people, though they
patiently bear it, are groaning, that it Is unjust to
favor a few citiesupon the seaboard, who have
bottoms for carrying exports, at the expense of
the agricultural interests of the regions of the
West who nre furnishing, as thfcy have furnished,
men for the armies, and means for sustaining the
armies, of the United Slates. Why should the •
manufacturer who accumulates cotton for the pur-
pose of exportation if lie can make more upon it;
why, sir, should he be exempted from the pay-
ment of taxation, while we of the Northwest must "
submit as consumers to this taxation? There is
no just reason for it.
Mr. WILSON. I represent a district of the
Northwest, and I should like to ask the gentle-
man a question: whether, in his opinion, there
are any consumers m the eastern and middle
States ?
Mr. HARRINGTON. I will answer the gen-
tleman. Tile consumers in the middle and the
eastern States are the laboring portion of the com-
munity, and they must bear the buidens which
the speculators place upon them. But they have
some compensation, for they may be employed,
to whirl the spindles of the New England facto-
ries, while the men of the Northwest must guide
the plowshare, feed their stock, and cpnsume the
fabrics of New England.
Gentlemen may say that it is necessary to in-
crease our exchanges with the rest of the world.
Everybody knows that the competition between
the United States and other countries in reference '
to cotton goods amounts to nothing. It will not
amount to one dollar of increase of exchange be-
cause of this taxation, for England will take our
cotton whether two cents per pound and three per
cent, of tax ad valorem is imposed upon it or not.
She cannot iefuse,and the Northwest knows that
very well. It isadiscrimination in favor of New
England manufactures at the expense of the agri-
cultural portion of the country. Although we
have not lesisted the dictations of New England
yet we piotest against them. I protest against it
on behalf of my constituents. I believe that you
may so frame tl is measure as npt to derive^uny
taxalion from the Northwest; that you may so
oppress them in time that the objects of revenue
may be defeated; but if that time comes; the op-
