1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«j*o'
m
every piece of abandoned personal property the
owner of which is not athand. It would be just
as honest as this provision of this bill to send a
roving commissioner down South to take pos-
session of everything that the owner is not ac-
tually possessed of.
Mr. HARLAN. If I understand the purpose
of this bill, it is not to affect the title to the land
one way or the other, but to take possession of
land that is unoccupied by the owner, whether
loyal or disloyal, for the purpose of putting the
contrabands to work to enable them to become
self-sustaining.
Mr. POWELL. Let me ask my friend from
Iowa what authority this Government has to take
possession of his farm for the purpose of putting
a contraband on it to make him self-sustaining.
There is no such power.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose that the question
of the Senator from Kentucky was hardly pro-
pounded in earnest. If the Government has a
right to take the property of an individual, a sub-
sequent question may arise whether the Govern-
ment would not become liable to the individual
for the use of the property, and that is the only
question that could arise. That the Government
may take my property, or the property belonging
to the Senator, or anybody else, would not be
called in question here seriously I apprehend, but
the practical intention of the framers of this bill
is to relieve the Treasury of the United States
from the support of persons who fall into the
hands of our armies as they go through the
country. I have heard speeches, I think, of the
Senator from Kentucky, denouncing these peo-
ple as lazy and a burden upon the Treasury.
He thinks it better to let them remain in the hands
of their rebel masters than permit them to fall
into the hands of the armies of the United States.
For the purpose ofavoiding this burden, the com-
mittee have framed this bill, directing a proper
officer, contemplated in the bill, to take under
their control these contrabands, and lands that
have been abandoned, that are in the possession
of no one, and put these colored people to work,
and thus make them self-sustaining, permit them
to earn their own bread by the sweat of their own
face. This is necessary to presewe thorn from
destruction as well as to preserve the Treasury
from unnecessary expenditures.
The amendment was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson-, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following joint resolu-
tions; in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 113) to settle and pay
the accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri, as
a member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress;
A joint resolution (No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion of the
contingent fund for enlarging the Navy Depart-
ment building; and
A joint resolution (No. 115) to continue in
force the joint resolution entitled " A joint reso-
lution to increase temporarily the duties on im-
ports," approved April 29, 1864.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 199) relating to the
compensation of pension agents; and the bill (S.
No. 335) to carry into effecta convention between
the United States of America and the United
States of Colombia.
DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senate to take up
the joint resolution just received from the House
of Representatives, extending the joint resolution
to increase temporarily the duties on imports.
It is deemed necessary that it should be acted on
to-night. The sixty days provided for by the
joint resolution of April 29 expire to-day, and
the tariff bill is not yet in force, and will not be
for a day or two yet, and therefore the resolution
extends the operation of the joint resolution of
April 29 until the lstday of July, by which time
the new tariff law will take effect.
M r. SUMNER. Let the pending bill be passed
over informally for that purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 115) to continue in force the joint
resolution entitled " A jointresolution to increase
temporarily the duties on imports," approved
April 29, 18C4, was read three times, and passed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (No. 113) to settle and pay
the accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri, as
a member of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate.
The joint resolution (No. 114) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion of the
contingent fund for enlarging the Navy Depart-
ment building was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the following bill and, joint resolution
of the House:
A bill (No. 532) to establish certain post routes;
and
A joint resolution (No. 68) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to release certain goods
from the payment of duties.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House (No. 494) to increase duties
on imports, and for other purposes; and asked a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon; and had appointed Mr. J. S.
Morrill of Vermont, Mr. R. E. Fenton of
New York, and Mr. S. S. Cox of Ohio, mana-
gers at the conference on its part.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate in-
sist on its amendments, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, to House bill No. 494, the tariff
bill, and agree to the conference asked for by the
House of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall
the committee be appointed?
Mr. SHERMAN. By the Chair, I suppose,
in the usual mode; but I think it indispensable to
have the occupant of the chair upon the commit-
tee, and therefore, perhaps, the matter had better
he over till the morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) to con-
tinue in force the joint resolution entitled "A joint
resolution to increase ternpoi arily the duties on im-
ports," approved April 29,1864; and it was there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore.
bureau of freedmen's affairs again.
The Senate^ as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
51) to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In the fourth section I
move to strike out the following words in the fifth,
sixth,and seventh lines: proclamations and mil-
itary orders of emancipation, or in any way con-
cerning freedmcn." The first part of the section
provides that "the Commissioner, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, shall
have the general superintendence of all frecdmen
throughout the several departments, and it shall
be his duty especially to watch over the execution
of all laws." Now, if we can thus delegatea part
of the President's power to this Commissioner,
let it be to watch over the execution of the laws;
but this section goes further, and provides that he
is also to watch over the execution of " procla-
mations and military orders of emancipation, or in
any way concerning freedrnen." It is to provide
by law that this officer shall see to the enforce-
ment of the proclamations and military orders of
emancipation; in other words, it is by Congress
to recognize the validity of the proclamation of
the President declaring certain persons to be free.
For myself, I do not believe the President of the
United States had any power to make a slave a
free man, or a free man a slave. No such power
is conferred upon him by the Constitution of the
United States. I do not choose to discuss now
how far the operations of the Army, in breaking
up the relations between the master and his slave,
may cause the freedom of the slave; but I speak
now simply of the legal effoctof the proclamation
of the President of the United States. This bill
proposes to recognize as valid and of sufficient
power to have the effect of producing the freedom
of the slave the proclamations issued by the Pres-
ident of the United States.
I think*"that the President himself and the Sec-
retary of State have both mostclearly announced
the proposition fehat no such power was possessed
by him, and the Secretary of State in his foreign
correspondence intimated that if the President
should undertake to exercise such a power the
Supreme Court of the United States would de-
clare such effort on his part to be invalid and void.
These not having any force except perhaps a
moral or rather a demoralizing force, I do not
propose to vote for any law that shall direct any
executive officer of the Government to put them
m force. If the President as the head of the
Army directs the generals, as he has already done,
to see that his proclamations are enforced, we
have no control over that and no connection with
it; but this proposition is thatCongress shall rec-
ognize as constitutional and valid proclamations
which 1 think no Senator really believes the
President had tiie power toenforce; I mean to say
that the President had not thepowerto make men
free by his proclamation. If they were slaves,
it was by virtue of State laws over which the
Federal Executive has no control. 1 do not pro-
pose to sanction by legislation aproclamation that
i believe to be invalid.
Mr. SUMNER. I am grateful to the Senator
for his frankness. He states his objection so that
we can all understand it. He does not believe in
the proclamation of emancipation. Now, sir, I
do, and 1 think the Senate believe it, at least a
majority of the Senate.
1 simply add one other remark. It is already
provided that this bill is to be only for the war.
Therefore, what is more natural than that the
officers whom we create should watch over the
military orders for the benefit of these freed men
during the war, and especially that greatest order
by which their freedom has been assured?
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 5, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Garble, Davis, Hcndiicks, Powell, and
Riddle—5.
NAYS—Messr«. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ncss Doolittlc, Foot, Grimes, llale, Harlan, Harris, Hicks,
Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana,'Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Monill, Pomeroy, ttam&cv, Slieiman, Spiague, Simmer,
'IVnEyok, Van Wmkle/Wade, Wilkinson, VVilley, and
Wilson—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew,Collamer,Cowan.Dixon,
Fesscnden, Foster, iiaulmt!, Henderson, Johnson, MeDou-
g,i! 1, Nesmith, Kiehardsou, Saulsbuty, Trumbull, and
Wriylit—J5.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I beg the patience of the
Senate while I offer one more amendment. I
move to strike out all of section seven down to and
including the word " provided."
The words proposed to be stricken out were
read, as follows:
That leases hnretofoie made by the supervising special
agents of the Trea^my Department, under the authority ot
the General Older 331, of the Secietary of War. dated Oc-
tober 9, 1863, and in accordance with the regulations of
the Trea&uiy Dopaitment, shall have the same effect as it
made by assistant commiisMoners under this act: Provided.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Secretary of the
Treasury had authority of law to make these
leases and they be valid, they do not require to
be made valid by any act of Congress; but if
they be not valid for want of legal authority to
make them,it is for the consideration of Congress
whether they ought to be approved by Congress.
I will not discuss the question in the first aspect,
whether the Secretary of the Treasury had legal
authority to make these leases, for if he had we need
not act upon the subject, but his leases stand. If
the Secretary of the Treasury had not authority,
to make these leases my vote shall not go to affirm
them. I would be very slow to vote to confirm
an impoitantact of a Department of the Govern-
ment which act was not sanctioned by law, and
I could not be induced to take that step at all
if the act was covered up lay fraud. The manage-
ment of these eatatos in the South for the
