1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2327
bort. ot thesrenate, {seven thousand copies foi the use of the
memhei < of the Mouse of Representatives, and fcuch num-
ber tor the Executive Department as the 1'iesident shall
dhect. #
j5rc. 12. Jliid be it further enacted, That the forms and
Kvle in which the pi'uui:u,rorbindingordeted by any of the
Departments <dnUi he executed, the materials and* size of
type to bp used shall be dotciimned by the Superintendent
ot Public Punting, havmgpiopcriegatdtoeconomv, work-
manship, and the putpo>e- lor which the woikis needed.
Sec. 13. Jiwl be it fait her cnactcti, That all laws ur parts
of laws, joint resolutions or pa it-. of joint resolutions, con-
flicting with the above provisions, be, and they are hereby,
repealed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to inquired the
chairman of the Committee on Printing why pro-
vision is made in the bill for printing two or three
thousand copies of the documents that accom-
pany the President's message besides the usual
number, when it is provided that the committee
Khali decide what pait of them are worthy of pub-
lication and distribution? What is the use of
having that number of extra copies of those papers
printed ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Those papers are very use-
ful in small numbers for public libraries and for
preservation for reference. It is necessary to set
the type in order to print the usual number, which
is fifteen hundied and fifty. Then it costs only the*
paper and press-work, comparatively a small
amount, to prifit enough extra copies to place
them in the chiof libraries of the country, where
they will remain for reference, and they always
have been so printed.
Mr. HALE. I cannot help thinking that this
bill has not teceivcd Hint discriminating attention
which the chairman of the Committee on Printing
usually gives to a bjii that he repoits. I find in
what was the eighth section of the bill as repoi ted
a provision that ail lithographing and engiaving,
where the juobnblp total cost of the maps or plates
exceeds $250, shall be awarded to the lowest and
best bidder i% after due advertisement by the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing, under the direc-
tion of the .7oint Committee on Printing;, provided
that the Joint Committee on Public Printing be
authorized to empower the Superintendent of
Public Printing to make immediate contracts for
engraving whenever, in their opinion, theexigen-
cies of the public service will not justify waiting
for advertisement and award." That looks to
the existence of the Committee on Printing as a
permanent body, whereas in every other year,
from March to December there is no such com-
mittee.
Again, 1 find in another section that whenever
any person may desire extra copies of any docu-
ment, and shall notify the Superintendent of the
number wanted and shall pay in advance the esti-
mated cost, u the Superintendent shall be author-
ized, under the direction of the Joint Committee
on Public Printing, to furnish such extracopics."
That looks to the Joint Committee on Public
Printing as a permanent body, and I think she
same thing occurs in one or two other instances.
It seems to me that it would be unsafe to pass a
bill as a ponnanentlaw regulating the public print-
ing, leaving it open to the control and direction
of the Committee on Printing, when that commit-
tee arc not m existence neaily half the time, or
at least a third of the tune, during the two years
of a Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. That committee is in ox-
islrncc all the time when theie is any printing
going on, except during the month of Novem-
ber m every other year, and practically then the
bupervK&inn of the committee will not be needed
until the fust Monday m December.
.The ninth section of the bill as amended, to
which the Senator 1ms referred, piovides that all
lithography and engraving, when the probably
cost exceeds shall beadvertised and awauled
to the lowest and best bidder. That is the pres-
ent low, but it is found m some cases where a doc-
ument is oidered to bh printed—and such docu-
ments are always oidered fo he punted in the
comse of the sessjon, and never when the com-
mittee is not in existence—that the amount of lith-
ographing or engiuung js very small indeed, and
the delay"of advertising and examining the bids
would be of more consequence than the whole cost
of the engraving. It was therefoio thought best
to give the  Su f mi in tender, i of Public Pnmu<r, un-
der the supet vision of the joint committee, the
power to waive the advertisement in such cases;
but if the Senator objects to that, we can empower
the Superintendent of Public Printing to waive
the provision of advertising, although if the com-
mittee is not in existence the section as it stands
certainly can do no harm.
The other section to which the Senator has re-
ferred is that whenever any persons desire extra
j copies of a document, and pay the money in ad-
vance to the Superintendent of Public Printing,
the copies desired shall be printed. It was thought
possible that if it was made obligatory on the
Superintendent to print any number of copies that
might be required, the orders might sometimes he
so numerous as to impede the public service. In
that case, of course, it would be desirable to refuse
the orders; and it was thought best, with that
view, to retain the supervision in the hands of the
committee. If, however, Senators think it more
desirable that it should be left to the Superin-
tendent alone, that will be quite as satisfactory to
us. The Superintendent is certainly a very com-
petent man, and, I will take occasion now to say,
one of the most economical men connected wnh
the Government. His continual object is to do
the work in the cheapest manner possible, and io
cut down the printing as much as he can.
Mr. HALE. I have no particular objection to
this bill; but I looked at it and saw the things
which I have stated, which occurred to me as ex-
ceptionable and objectionable.
Mr. ANTHONY. They all occurred to the
committee, and weie fully considered in consulta-
tion with the Supei intend en t. The joint commit-
tee of both Houses have had sevcial meetings
over it, and the objections which the Senator
raises occurred to us, and were explained by us
in the way I have endeavored to explain them to
him.
The bill was passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe the next business
in order is Senate bill No. 132, which was made
the special order for to-day at one o'clock, being
the Pacific railroad bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 132) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secure to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July I, 18G2, is the special order of the
day, and it is now before the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state how the mailer
stands. Several weeks ago the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] introduced a bill,
No. 132, which was rcfened to the Committee
on the Pacific. Railroad. Thatcommittce took it
under consideration, and leported it back to the
Senate with vaiious amendments; but mmcc that
report was made the committee have had the
subject under consideration again, and the result
has been the submission to the Senate of an
amendment in lieu of the original bill, and as it
covers the whole, ground coveted by the bill as
originally introduced, 1 ask to have the reading
of the original bill dispensed with, and to have
the amendment only read to the Senate at this
tune. I will fuither remaik to the Senate that
this amendment covers the entue ground em-
braced by the Pacific laihoad chaitei of 18G2,
with vaiious other provisions which the commit-
tee have thought necessaiy to be incorporated in
order to form one complete and harmonious sys-
tem. I hope, therefore, that the amendmentonly
will be read, as it is intended as a substitute for
the original bill.
The PRES! DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment alone will be read, unless some Senator de-
! sires the reading of the original bill.
{ The Secretary lead the amendment, which was
S to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
i bill, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
! That the stockholders of the corporation known as the
I Union Paemc Rmlroad Company, created by the act ap-
j pioved July 1. en tilled "• An act to aid in theeoii-truc-
| lion of a i ail toad and telegraph hue hoiu the Mi^oaunvcr
I to the pacific ocean. and to -ecureto the Government the
j use of the same fn postal, military, and othei puipo-e^,''"
j and all pei-on- who may become a^oeiaTed with tin in
| siockhold.-i-, pin mint to this net, and then ••uri'evois
and o--'gns aie here by conlhmed and continued a l.'uiy
politic and coipoiate, m fact and ni law. by thai name;
ami In mat name shall have pei pr tual su<x<.ssioii, and (• had
1 In capid)lo in law <«j Minis; and being sued, pleading and
: linim'mipkadcd. defending and being defended in all com h
of law and equity of the United Stales, and may make and
have a common seal. And said company ts hereby au-
thonzed and empowered to iay out, locate, construct, fin-
ish. maintain, and enjoy a continuous railroad and tele-
giaph, with the appuitenanees thereto, from a point on the
one hundredth meridian of longitude west from Gieemvieb,
between the soiuh mmgin of the valley of the fchnoky Ujlt
Fork of the Republican or Kansas uver, in the State of
Kansas, and the north margin of the vidley of lint Platte
river, m the Teiritoryof Nebtaska, to the western bound-
aiy of (he Teiritory of Nevada, upon the route and terms
hereinafter mentioned, and is hereby vested with alt the
powers, puvile^es, and immunities necessary to cany into
elicet I he yui poses ot this act as herein set forth. That
the. capital stock of said company shall consist of one mil-
lion shares, ol §100 each, instead of $1,000 each, as pro-
vided in said original act, and two thousand shares shall
be the greatest amount which any one person may here-
after subscribe lor or hold at anytime, or for which certifi-
cate* of shaies shall in any ease be i-^ued or lecognized
by said company. Thatsaid company shall cause books to
be kept open to receive subscriptions to the capital stock
of said company until the entire capital ol $10i>,000,000
tdiail he subscubed at the general office ot said company
m the city of New York, and in each of the cities ot Bos-
ton, Philadelphia, ]>aluniore, Chicago, Cincinnati, at.
Louis, and Han Fianciseo, at such places therein as. may
he designated by the Piesident of the United States, and in
such other cities or towns as may be directed by him ; and
no stibscuption for puch stock .shall hereatier he deemed
valid unless the subsertDe* therefoi shall, at tfie time of
subsci ibing, pay to the treasurer of the company an amount
per share subscribed hy him equal to the amount pershaie
pievioussly paid by the then cxk-ting stockholders. The
-aid company, by its director oi it* stockholder, shall,
from and alter the passage o( this act, make assessments
upon all the stockholders of not less than five dollais per
shaio, at mteivah oi not less than si.v month* from and af-
ter the passage of this act, unt'I the par value of all shares
sub-cubed f <>i shall he fully paid; and money only shall he
received ioi any such assessment, or for any poiiion of such
capnal stock; but bonds, of said company, upon winch m
tcie-t is "uaiantied by the United States, a« hereinafter
piovided. may, at tne option ot the bohlcrMhereof, he con-
vened at au> time by such holdeis at their pai value into
tull-pa.d Mock ol company; and ocitifieatos of shares
theiei'or shall be i-Mted, not, however, to exceed in amount
to any one person the above limitation oi Uvo thousand
shaies: and upon eveiy mu ii conv ei-ion of bonds- into cap-
ital -lock, a11 i'ulhlity of the (I mted States fot the payment
of intoie-t <m the bonds convened shall cease; but tho
capital stock of-.aid company nhall not, bv reason ol stub
conversion, be ineieased so a, ( > exceed the aetual cost of
the load, in fixtine>, appurtenance*, and lolling stock.
The stock ot the sud company shall be deemed personal
propen,\, and shall be tiansteinble at the general otlice of
the company, in the cifv of New Yoik, and at ?uch other
transfei offices a?i the directors shall establish, according to
such rules and legulationu ay may hp piovided in the by-
laws. The genial otlioo of said company -shall hp kept in
(he city of New Yoik, and all meetings ol stockholders
shall be held at the said office. Annual meetings of the
fctockhohlei-5 shall he held .it the said geneial office on the
second Wednesday of October in each j ear, foi the elec-
tion of duec'or- and (he transaction ol any other business
of t he coipoi.ition ; and at evei y such meeting therinoctots
and olliceitj oi the company «hall make to the stockholders
a lull statement of the condition of the affans of the com-
pany. Fiom and alter the ne\t annual meeting, tobeheid
on the second Wcdnc-vday of Octobci next, as herein pro-
vided, there 'dialI be twen ty-onedf rectors of paid company,
one thud of which number shall be elected annually, and
for the term oi thiee years ; and at the next annual meet-
ing of the Mockholdeis there shall be diawn by lot, by the
in-pcctois heietnalter piovided foi, from the names of the
then direciois, (he names ot seven directing, who shall
continue dm etois one year; and the names of seven oth-
ei-, who -hall continue directors two veai.s; and seven
stockholder -hall be i leeted and shall continue dneetors
thiee >eat-. And the duociors may, at anv time-, fill any
vacancy in their hoaid unit! the next.annual meeting, when
sui h vacancy shall be filled by the stockholders. The elec-
tion of directors -hail he by ballot, and be held under tho
Mipetvi-nm « f three injectors, to be appointed by tho
-tockholder-. The polls lor the election shall he opened
at eleven o'clock a. m,, and continue open until all parties;
prv sent entitled shall have had an nppui tunity to vote ; but
shall be finally clo-ed and ended witinii five dav* from tin*
opening tbeieof; ami each shaie shall be entitled to one
vote, to be voted by the owner in person, or by his duly
eou-Jituted attorney oi pro\y ; but no director, officer, or
employe of tiie eom*pan\ slniU act as the altoruey or proxy
ofanv shaieliolder. at any annual or other meeting of tho
-tockholdei*. At the tunc of the election of dircctois by
tho • tockholdei-!. two additional diiectots shnll be appointed
bv the Pie-ident of the United State-*, who shall act with
the hoard t,l dnectois. and be denominated Gov eionn-ut
iliiedwis Anv vacancy happening in who-e p.ace- -hall
he filled by tnc'Prosidont ofthe United Staler Tin* Gov-
eminent dnectois shall not he sharchoUtei- in said com-
pany. The duectoi- -o choMm shall, a- -o->n a-, may bo
alie'i then election, elect limn tln.ir own munhci a presi-
dent and vu o pie-ident. and shall also elect a tiea-moi and
secretary. No per.-oii shall be a dirertm ol -aid company
uiile-.s he shall be a bona jvlv ownei ol at 1< i-t tlftv «ti<ues
of stock in -aid company, e.vcept the two dnectois ap-
pointed l-\ the Piesidcm; <ind every p.n-on now a sub-
scnbPi to -aid capital -lyck, for each '•hau of ,51 0'j'j here-
to tote ^ub-ci ihed, and on vvinrh tl-.ere has been paid not lefs
than ten ti'.r cent., she,11 be ent'tU'd to a ceitificate foi ten
shaie- ot .-i it'ii each, on the imeiulei o! his 01 lyni«il eertifi-
c.ii' , and all Iniui'' -ub ^nhn-j -hull he entitled ro one
-hare for ' v( 15 < 100 of valid : ub- et iption the_\ shall sev-
fta'iv m ike. a-, heieot piovided; and up <11 each of such
ceitiiieate- t''eie shnil be indor-cd <uide<-t!ificd ihoamouiit
paid upon -ub -ciiption by the holder up to and iuchi(iiu<*
(lie date ol -uoh c< itilieatc. S.nd company, atany rcmtbir
meeting of tiro slookUoidcihor any called meeting, at which
