3304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
year has been a matter of public notoriety. A
system of favoritism, ?l is charged, has prevailed
to such an extent as to disgust the country. If
the reports on that subject be true, a thorough
investigation has not been made. It ought to be,
but it has not been made, and we must act in re-
spect to this question upon what is generally
known, publicly rumored; not very satisfactory
information I am free to say,b.ut it is enough
to make us distrust ourselves when we propose
to ratify that which is charged to have been done.
I can scarcely express myself just as I desire. 1
do not want to say that the Secretary of the
Treasury has had any connection with fraud; I
will not say that; but that his agents have made
fraudulent arrangements in respect to these lands
and in respect to these leases is so generally ru-
mored that Congress ought not to afRrm them.
Why the necessity of affirming them ? Why not
leave them where the Secretary of the Treasury
under his regulations has left them? If valid,
they stand; if invalid, let them fail, and let other
leases be made under this law, and then they will
have the force and sanction of a legal arrangement.
Mr. SUMNER. The clause which the Sen-
ator proposes to strike out was rendered neces-
sary by the actual condition of affairs. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury has proceeded by virtue
of an order from the War Department in fusing
plantations, and he has established aconsideiuble
series of rules and regulations governing such
leases; but he has felt all along the necessity of
the sanction of Ifiw for what lie was doing in the
premises. Thus far he has had no sanction of
law; he has only had the military sanction under
the order from the War Department; and the
object of this language was simply to cover with
the protection of law those leases that have been
made by the Secretary during the last year. The
Secretary himself asks to have that done; he
thinks it ought to be done; he thinks it is essen-
tial to the business of' Iim Department; and the
committee, alter the most careful inipiiry into ir,
agreed with the Secretary, i hope the clause
will not be disturbed.
Mr. CRIMES. A believe it is first in order to
amend the clause proposed to be stricken out.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I move after tin1 word
"act" m the eighth line to insert:
Provide!, Such lea^e* shall not continue beyond the
peiiud ol'one year train their date.
This section does, as the Senator from Indiana
supposes, unify and confirm the leases that have
been made by the Tieasury agents heretofore
appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. So
far as I am concerned, I am willing they shall
stand, piovided they do not extend beyond the
period of one year. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will observe that the sixth section pn>-
vutes thatthe commissioners appointed under this
act shall only lease for one year, i wish to put
them all on terms of equality, and therefoie 1
move this amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Iowa shall prevail the
interest will not be so very important, and I with-
draw my motion
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thcqucslion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER, I suggest that it had better
begin with u but" instead of $t provided that."
Mr. GRIMES. I accept that modification.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i move to odd the follow-
ing as an additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That the Inst clause of a joint
resolution explanatory of an actio suppress insurrection,
to pune-h treason and rebellion,to sei/.e ami eontixMte the
property of iebeW, and tor other purposes npptoved July
17, 16G2, be, dud the same is hereby, icpeuletl.
The words proposed to be repealed are, " nor
shall any punishment or proceedings under said
act be so construed as to work a forfeiture of the
jeal estate of the offender beyond his natural life,"
As this bill provides for the occupancy of confis-
cated estates, I desire to repeal this clause of the
joint resolution limiting the confiscation to the
natural fife of the offender.
Mr. SUMNER. I must ask my friend not to
introduce that on this bill. The Senator knows
very weU that if it is introduced on this bill, when
itgoes back to the House of Representatives it
will interfere with its passage there. j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust not. The other
House has passed a joint resolution on this sub-
ject.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is incongruous to
this bill; it does not belong to this bill. Here is
a bill which is confined absolutely to one subject,
a Bureau of Freedmen, and I entreat my friend
not to load it down with anything else.
Mr. SHERMAN. I congratulate my friend
from Massachusetts on his discovery. I had
charge of a bill the other day, and it became my
duty under the rules and usages of the Senate to
attempt to exclude from it all legislative amend-
ments. I had to separate myself from my polit-
ical associates and vote against my own convic-
tions on one or two propositions, simply to carry
out a duty, as I supposed, to the Senate itself, to
keep off of the appropriation bill incongruous
amendments. There was a proposition to let In-
dians and negroes testify in the courts of justice,
and propositions to survey the public lands, &c.
I congratulate him now on knowing how such
propositions affect a bill of which he has charge,
tin is now begging off. He is the last man to
complain about an amendmer/t of this character.
As I think the amendment is a very important
and proper one, I am rather disposed to vote for it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio will
pardon me. I think the other night he was ciearly
wrong, and I think now I am clearly right. I
think the difference is all the world between an
appropriation bill and a measure like this. An
appropriation bill is made to carry weight; an ap-
propriation bill is a through train; and the Sena-
tor who lias charge of an appropriation bill must
expect to take a. passenger or two on the way. A
measure like this is in no sense a through train.
Mr, [10WE. 1 hope the Senator does not mean
to suggest that this is likely to stop. {Laughter.]
Mr, SUMNER. 1 hope not. I think my friend
from Illinois had better withdraw Ins proposition.
Mr. OARLILE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Illinois if the resolution referred to in his
amendment is the resolution that in express terms
restricted the confiscation of real estate to the life
of the owner.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir. The object of
the amendment ts to repeal the last clause'of the
joint resolution which was passed after the pas-
sage of the confiscation act. The Senator fiom
Indiana may remember that a joint resolution was
passed explanatoi y of the confiscation act, the last
elaose of which was as follows:
" Nor <liall any punishment or proceedings under «a«]
aet lie so eon-tiued u< to woik a lortemue of the real es-
tate ot the oilendei beyond Ins natural hie."
My amendment proposes to repeal those words,
and leave the confiscation to extend to life or to
be absolute as the Constitution may be decided
to provide. I propose to leave it where the Con-
stitution has loft it.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois how he can reconcile his posi-
tion with the provisions of the Constitution.
Mr, TRUMBULL. I reconcile it with the
Constitution tn the same way that 1 reconcile
with it the right to shoot a traitor, to destroy him,
to destroy his pioperty and everything that he
has tor the purpose of putting down this wicked
lebelliou. When we aie engaged in war we have
a righ t to do whatever is necessary to accomplish
the just ends and objects and purposes for which
the wen* is waged, and in order to put down this
rebellion we may take the lives of men, their prop-
erty, and everything else.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Then I understand that
although the Senator has often taken the oath to
support the Constitution of the United States and
the laws made under it, and although he took that
oath on entering upon his present office, and al-
though his right to his present place in the Sen-
ate is dependent upon that oath, nevertheless he
thinks himself justified m trampling upona plain
provision of the Constitution.
Air. TRUMBULL. I say no such thing. I
say it is as constitutional to take the rebel's prop-
erty as his life; and does the Senator from Cali-
fornia sit there and pretend that we may not take
the life of the rebel without going to a court r What
sort of a war would that be which should be
prosecuted by jury tuals and constables, when
your armies are opposing each other, and when
hundreds of thousands of men are arrayed against
the Government? I am not to be put in any such
position as that of advocating an unconstitutional
measure. It isclearly and palpably constitutional,
and as clearly and palpably right, in my opinion,
as it is to exert the power of this Government in
any other way to suppress this wicked rebellion.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Mr. President, the pro-
vision of the Constitution to which I have called
the attention of the Senate was adopted by men
who were just out of the struggles of the Revo-
lution, where for a time they occupied the posi-
tion of rebels against English authority, subject
to the laws of attainder and confiscation as they
existed under English rule. With the lessons
learned in the struggles of the Revolution, they
said then for themselves and for the periods that
were to corne after them, that the law confiscating
the property of persons in arms, guilty of trea-
son, if you please, or rebellion, is an oppressive
and unjust law. In affirming this opinion they
but repeated the expressed judgment of the great
teachers of moral, social, and governmental ethics.
They laid down the constitutional rule of law
with exact reference to questions such as the one
now pending, and made it partof the fundamental
law of the Republic. It is so plain that he who
runs may reaci it. It cannot be misunderstood;
it cannot be misconstrued.
The Senator says that the law of force, the law
of the field of battle, shall be the law in legisla-
tive halls, shall be the law in courts of justice.
For that law of the field of battle he goes back
into the old Roman times, into the barbarous ages,
to the practice that existed before any law on the
shores of the Mediterranean and in western Eu-
rope. Such a doctrine has not been advocated by
intelligent, well-advised, and just men in any
period of history, and has been distinctly repu-
diated by all writers and thinkers since public
law has engaged the attention of the civilized or
semi-civilized world. I am astonished that a
Senator who is, as a general rule, a strict adher-
ent to the Constitution, and who must, from the
exactness of his memory, remember the oath
taken by himself, and which has to be taken by
all Senators, should find in the law of the battle-
field, in the miust of arms, the governing rule for
legislative or judicial action, i am astonished at
it, and I choose to take the occasion heie now to
express my astonishment.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, my colleague,
whether right or wrong in his law, is not truly
representing the sentiment of the people that he
represents here, by stating this as his position.
The people of California are in favor of the con-
fiscation of rebel property; they are in favor of
destroying rebels, and,in the terse language of
the Senator from Illinois, they are m favor of de-
stroying everything the rebels have. By their
legislative resolutions they have spoken, and I
believe they have instructed my colleague to sup-
port and sustain this very identical proposition.
There is no voice in the Union more determined,
more clear, or more emphatic than the voice of
California for destroying rebels and their prop-
erty, for carrying on this war, not as the Romans
did, not according to my colleague's system of
ethics, butaecordmg to the declarations of my col-
league before he was made Senator by the people
of California. I had the pleasure in the Legisla-
ture of California to cast a vote for my colleague's
election to this body; but I am very free to say
that it would not have been castupon such a dec-
laration of opinions as he has made here-to-night.
Those opinions did not prevail then in that State
and with the loyal men of that State. There was
an intensity connected with their loyalty that was
given it by patriotism, and I understood my
colleague to join in that sentiment and to give
expression to it.
Sir, I would not come into this debate with
these few remarks but that I wished that that State
and its opinions upon this particular subject
should be represented here, it may be that my
colleague does not believe in the right of instruc-
tion. Perhaps we shall hear from him upon that.
I hope that this amendment will be adopted; and
I will close by reminding the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts that by the very system now
proposed by the distinguished Senator from Ohio
some of the honorable Senator'sgreatest triumphs
have been achieved in this body. I am very glad
