1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1353
capital, and in pursuit of fortunes. Those who
have money generally remain at home, as is the
case with most of the constituents of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] I suppose.
In California the interest is by law, where no
rate is expressed in the contract, ten percent, per
annum. But the rate is left altogether to be gov-
erned by the contract between the borrower and
the lender. The usual rate of interest there is
two per cent, per month; and men are very fre-
quently glad to get money at that rate, and are
sometimes unable to do it. It is frequently an
advantage for persons to pay that and even a
higher rate of interest. The persons who pro-
pose to borrow money are probably as compe-
tent to judge of the advantage it will be to them
as the community in general.
There is no reason for any law upon usury any
more than there is for a sumptuary law; no more
reason than there is for a law regulating the price
of board or wheat, or the wages of labor.
If this provision is adopted, it will interfere
with the laws of the several States upon the same
subject, because they vary materially. In New
England the rate of interest is six per cent.; but
it is not so in the western States. In Iowa it is
diffeient; in Michigan I presume it is different;
and there is no reason for creating this discord
by establishing a rate of interest for States differ-
ent from what prevails there by their own laws.
Therefore I am in favor of striking out the sec-
tion, thereby leaving the matter entirely under
the control of the several States. That is the
proposition of the gentleman from Maine. He
proposes to leave it to the local legislation of the
several States entirely.
Mr. BLAINE. Entirely.
Mr. COLE, of California. There is no neces-
sity for an interference by Congiess; there is no
call for such interference, and no reason for it. I
have not heard any reason advanced yet why
Congress should interfere with this matter of in-
terest, when it is.palpable that interest varies in
the several sections of the Union, arising from a
necessity which has been recognized by the legis-
lation in each.
Mr. DiliGOrS. In Michigan the legal interest
is seven per cent.; but by contract between the
parties it maybe increased to ten percent. Now,
sir, the proposition of my friend upon the right.
[Mr. Blaine] leaves the matter to be regulated
by the laws of the different States. That will
cover the whole ground, and I certainly hope it
will prevail. ^
The amendmentto the amendment, in the nature
of a substitute, was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Blaine's amend-
ment.
Mr. PRICE. 1 offer the following as an amend-
ment to the amendment:
Strike out in line four the words " Interest at the rate of
seven per cent, per annum." and jns«i t, •' Mich rate of in-
tcrc-n or dir-count as is for the time the established into* of
interest for delay in the payment of money under contract
between the pa tio6 by the laws of the sevcial SMles m
which the associations are respectively located, and no
more."
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to aquestionof order.
I submit that the substitute proposed by the gen-
tleman from Iowa is precisely the same as the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine; it is a
mere change of phraseology.
Mr. BLAINE. Oh, no.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a matter for the
committee to decide in voting upon it. The Chair
cannot exclude it on that ground.
Mr. PRICE. My purpose in offering this
amendment is to accomplish the same object
sought by the gentleman from Maine, with an ad-
ditional object. The rate of interest in some of
the States is fixed definitely. In others it is fixed
at a definite point with contract and at another
without a contract. My amendment coveis the
whole ground. It allows the rate of interest to
be as it is established in all the States, whether
the established rate be fixed with or without con-
tract, thereby accomplishing everything sought
by the gentleman from Maine, and leaving the
rate of interest to be regulated by the different
States in which the banks eve located.
Mi. BLAINE. I do not think that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa is one that ought
to bo adopted by the House. If I understand it,
the effect of it would be to give to the banks in
the western States, for example, a certain advan-
tage in getting high' interest which they do not
now have, but which individuals loaning money
outside of the banks do liave.
Now, while I am opposed to Congress inter-
fering at all with the rate of interest, I would be
opposed especially to its interfering so as to raise
the rate of interest; and if thcgentleman'samend-
ment is adopted, the effect will be that every bank
in the Northwest will have just the same facilities
for shaving at high rates that individuals outside
the banks now have. I do not think the Congress
of the United States ought to do that thing, and
hence I am opposed to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The question again recurred on Mr. Blaine's
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
last word. I believe we had better leave the bill
as it is. This bill professes to establish a uniform
system of banking throughout the United States.
That is one of the great objects of the bill. I
think it ought to be uniform in the matter of in-
terest as well as in everything else. But if you
adopt this amendment, then, instead of fixing an
interest which the dealers at these banks may
take, you allow the States to fix it, and thus you
break in upon the whole system and take the
management away from Congress and vest it in
the States. Now, I think the rate of seven per
cent, ought to be adopted, and for the reason that
several of the States now take seven per cent.,
although some of them, my own State for instance,
take six,and some higher.
But, sir, I do not understand the objcct of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaine.] If you
allow the banks in New York, Massachusetts,
or Pennsylvania, under this system, to take seven
per cent., and yet by the law of his State the
banks there can only take six per cent., what
will be the consequence? It will be todrivecap-
ital from the State of Maine, where only six per
cent, can be taken, into those States where a
larger percentage can be taken.
Now, it is for the purpose of equalizing the op-
portunities for investmentevery where,and espe-
cially m Pennsylvania, that I am in favor of this
provision of the bill. The States can still have
banks taking six per cent, if thty please, and if
individuals choose to borrow at six per cent, they
can go to the State banks; they need not come to
these banks. There are banks m the West where,
I am told, eight or ten percent, is take, n. If indi-
viduals there wish to give eight or ten jnsr cent,
instead of seven, let them go to those banks. I
do not see why gentlemen from that part of the
country should desire to interfere with those who
can borrow at seven per cent.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania allow me to say a word?
Mr. STEVENS. Cn-tainly.
Mr. PRICE. The reason why I made the prop-
osition was that 1 huv< letters in my pocket from
persons in my State who want to establish na-
tional banks, but who want that regulation.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 think thatthose who have
the advantages of these national banks will have
ad\antages enough with interest at the rate of
seven per cent. If individuals m places where
theie are banks that charge eight or ten per cent,
niieiest think propel to dual with them, this bill
does not prohibit them doing so. It is a taste
which I do not understand. Nobody will deal at
those shops unless thuy please. But let Congress
fix a uniformity of interest tn these national banks,
and not have thirty or forty different rates of in-
terest m diiYerent parts of the Union.
Mr. PIKE. I merely wish to suggest that the
amendment pioposed by my colleague is accord-
ing to existing law, and that this bill is an inno-
vation on (he existing law.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question being on Mr. Blaine's amend-
ment,
Mr. GRINNELL demanded tellers.
Tclleis were ordered; and Messrs. Blaine and
Dawson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 52, noes 41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to amend the thirtieth
section by striking out the following:
And in case a greater rate of Interest than pe ven per cent#
per annum has been paid, the person or persons paying the
same, or tlieir legaj representatives, may recover back, in
an action of debt, twicc the amount of interest thus paid,
fiorn the association taking or receiving the same: Pro-
vided, That said action is commenced within two ysars
from the tune the usurious transaction occurred^
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that the pun-
ishment proposed in the first part of the .section
is sufficiently stringent—the forfeiture of the en-
tire interest of the bill or note before its payment.
The proper time to make a defense of this kind
i&before payment of the money. It seems to me
that the only effect of that clause in the section
which I propose to strike out is to make litiga-
tion, while it will be, in fact, no particular protec-
tion to the borrower.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the part
proposed to be stricken out—to strike out seven
per cent, and insert six per cent.
Mr. BLAINE. After the vote of the.House
amending the fourth line of the section, it is quite
evident that two-other points in the section have
to be amended in order to make it consistent. One
is in the.eighth line, where it says that "the
knowingly taking, receiving, reserving, or charg-
ing a rate of interest greater than seven per cent,
per annum, shall be held and adjudged a forfeit-
ure of the entire interest which the note,'bill, or
other evidence of debt carries with it, or which
has been agreed to be paid thereon." I want to
amend that by inserting the words "greater than
that established bylaw." The other is in th*
twelfth line, whereit says that in case "agreater
rate of interest than seven per cent, per annum
has been paid." I want to amend that by making
it read "greater than the legal rate of interest.
I presume that that meets the object of the. gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir. I adhere to my
own proposition.
Mr. BLAINE. The adoption of that would
make the bill provide, first, that the States should
establish the rates of interest, and then that any
bank that should charge more than six per cent,
should be prosecuted.
Mr. HOLMAN. it is in the nature of a pro-
viso on the present power—that if they do charge
higher than six per cent, it can be recovered back.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I am opposed
to the amendment of the amendment, and to the
amendment itself. I should be glad to have a
uniform rate of interest throughout the who!#
United States. I am aware of the plea that is
made use of in some portions of the western
States, that we must permit high rates of inter-
est in order to draw capital into the country. 1
am of the opinion, from some experience of the
matter, that it would be better hevcr to have a
dollar brought from the East into the western
States than to have it lent there at a higher rata
than ten per cent. I have seen so much of the
ruinous effects of lending money at ten, twelve,
fifteen, and twenty-five per cent, that 1 want to
see no more of them. I would be in favor of im-
posing severer penalties on those who shall violate
the section of tins law that prohibits the taking of
more than seven percent, interest. If we cannot
procurc money to do business with at seven per
cent, per annum, let us do without it, and let the
business remain undone. Let the wolves and
bears dwell in the country till money can be ob-
tained at rates at which men can affoid to do busi-
ness. The amendment is offered by eastern mem-
bers who object to a higher rate of interest than
six per rent., because the banks in that section do'
not receive a higher rate of interest,
I am, for one, opposed to this amendment for
another reason. They talk about making the rate
of interest subject to the laws where these banks
are established. I am tiled of hearing this talk
about States, State corpoiations, State powers,
and ail that; and I pray to God that we may have
a United States by and by; that we may have a
nation; that we may have a power somewhere to
determine what kind of currency we may use, and
what shall he the rate of interest. We are trying
to do that now. Should any State, then, have the
power to come in and say that we shall not have
a uniform rate of.interest? New Jersey will not
allow any traveler to cioss her borders without
paying her the tax that she may impose.
One of the States may fix the rate uf interest at
ten, twenty, or even thirty per ccnt. It will be
taken by sanguine men who are dealing in city
! lots 5 men who are engaged in speculations, and
