1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOB®.
mm
that the amendment has been moved, that there
shall be no question as to the opinion of the coun-
try and the right of the country to take posses-
sion of as much of the land as is occupied by its
enemies.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I believe
that it has not heretofore happened that I have
been forced into collision with my colleague. He
has on several occasions offered the opportunity,
but I have been indisposed to accept his gage for
prudential reasons, first regarding the interest of
my constituency and then again disliking his Par-
thian system of warfare. I regret that the occasion
has now been forced upon me; and as it has come
1 do not feel that it is occasion for the splintering
of lances. If I have occasion to handle one it will
be one with an unpointed head.
The Senator, my colleague, has informed the
Senate that I do not represent the opinion of the
people of California on this subject. Sir, that is
a question which will have to be tested hereafter.
It has not been demonstrated as yet. I think that
when the question comes to be tried in the State
from which we come, and the voice and judgment
of the people shall be expressed and pronounced,
the Senator, my colleague, will find himself un-
sustained by the judgment. Such is my opinion.
The Senator has taken occasion to say that my
opinions as expressed in California before I had
the favor of his vote in the Legislature of that
State were different from those which I have ex-
pressed here in my place. I will not say that
this statement is false; to state this would do
wrong to the dignity of this body, but I will say
that 1 have never said in my place here anything
inconsistent with what I avowed as my opinions
in the State of California, on public occasions or
in private conversation, in either spoken or writ-
ten words. The individual who undertakes to
maintain the contrary will undertake to maintain
a falsehood.
Sir, I have heard such things, and many other
such and worse things, said through those animal
vehicles whose office it is to convey the poison
of detraction and who secure their subsistence by
the distribution of venom, the poisonous venom
furnished by those who crawl where they dare
not climb.
I have not the presumption to name the great
Senator from Massachusetts in connection with
myself, but I remember that on one occasion he
gave expression to his indignation aroused by
some of the class of men of whom I speak. In
writing to citizens on the Kennebec river, he says:
" I know no passion more appropriate to devils than the
passion for gross misrepresentation and libel.1' * * *
In classical times there were a set ot small but rapacious
critics, denominated captatores vcrborum, who snatched
and caupht at particular expressions, expeu ed their
strength on the disjecta mernhra ot'langu.ige; birds ot rapine
who preyed on word., and syllables, and gorged themselves
with feeding on the garbage of phrases, chopped, dislocated,
and torn asunder by themselves, as flesli and limbs are by
the claws of unclean birds."
Sir, there are worse than these, more like the
harpies of ancient fable, who with the fair faces
of women but with the maws of vultures robbed
and defiled the feasts set for the gods.
1 have been made subject to many assaults
springing from such sources. I do not think,
however, the venom inflicted by such assaults
will prove mortal. So far as the just-made state-
ments of the Senator, my colleague, are concerned,
I defy him or any other person to place his finger
upon a word ever used by me inconsistent with
my whole conductand with the sentiments I have
always expressed. Sir, it happened to be my for-
tune, I am proud of it, that the first man on the
shores of the Pacific who raised the standard of
the Union and made battle for it called himself
by my name. The Senator, my colleague, was
present and witnessed it. The speech is in print.
It was made in the hall of the House of Repre-
sentatives in California. Every word of it was
the truth in my judgment then, and I indorse it
now. Then, at a time of peril, when and where
the free expression of opinion was perilous, I in-
vited open and full discussion, particularly on the
part of those aspiring to the senatorial office.
The hall of the House was assigned for the pur-
pose. Of the list of aspirants 1 lound myself the
only one willing and ready to maintain the cause
of the Union. 1 did all that was withiu my power
to maintain the cause of my country, as a duty
I owed to myself, my family, my country, and
to Hun who is the ruler-of men and nations.
The Senator, my colleague, heard every word
I expressed. Let him refer to that speech, let
him quote it sentence by sentence, term by term,
word by word, and he will find that I have lived
up to every word of it, ay, and more. It does
not become the Senator, my colleague, to say that
I have failed in my loyalty, or to affirm that I
maintain opinions here which I did not there. If
he will satisfy Senators, or show to the satisfac-
tion of anybody, the simplest person, that I have
been in my course inconsistent, I will thank him,
for I should like to correct such an inconsistency.
I did not come here, Mr. President, as a mem-
ber of the Republican party. I never sought to
establish such party relations. I never was any-
where or at any time suspected of any'such in-
tention. I was then, am now, and through my
life have been a Democrat,and as I have lived so
I expect to die. I came here as a true lover of
my country, the whole country, the undivided
Republic. After bestowing upon the subject care-
ful study, I was compelled to conclude that even
a friendly stipulation for separation would be
nothing other than a contract for continuous war.
I was unwilling to leave this continuous war as
a legacy for my children. I came here to strengthen
the hands of the Government, to lend it such aid
as I could render toward the proper subjection of
the citizens of the United States in rebellion against
its Government. My own conscience appioves
me for what I have done. I shall do what I may
do to achieve reunion, a consolidated Union, the
Union of our fathers.
I do not know why the Senator, my colleague,
should have taken occasion here to make this
wild assault. If he desired to assault me for the
inconsistency of my past position in California
and my present position here, I think it would
have been at least graceful for him to produce the
testimony of the fact, and allow me to see why
he affirms that which I undertake to say is with-
out foundation in truth. I put this to his con-
science,assuming that he in common with others
of the human family possesses such a quality.
The Senate will bear me witness that I have not
spoken of the Senator from California, my col-
league, in any unkind way. I may have had
and think I have had occasion, but I do not think
it becomes persons representing the same constit-
uency to do any such thing. We have the in-
terests of our coast to take care of, and I shall
always be pleased to act with him in the promo-
tion of the great interests of the Pacific. 1 do not
desire, I have desired to avoid, controversy with
him even when I have differed from him in opinion.
The Senator, my colleague, has made the re-
markthatl have been instructed upon thissubject,
and suggested that I cannot possibly believe in the
right of a State Legislature to instruct the Senators
representing the State.
In the first place, the Legislature of the State
of California have not undertaken to instruct me
as to this subject-matter; in the second place, no
Legislature can instruct me into the violation of
the oath I have taken to support the Constitution
of the United States. Independent of these con-
siderations, however, permit me to say that I have
but small respect for those who, occupying high
place, selected for reason of their presumed ca-
pacity, are mere followers of opinion; I mean fol-
lowers of uninformed opinion. A man fit to be a
Senator is fit to be a leader of opinion, and the
duty of leadership is as much imposed upon him
in his place and sphere as upon him who leads
the division of an army in battle. Of this, enough.
I shall do what I think the voice of duty prompts.
Now, allow me to say, Mr. President, that I
hope, I sincerely hope, this will be the last time
that I shall have occasion to rise with the animus
that has governed my present remarks. I have
served in both Houses of Congress—this is my
sixth session. This is the first time I have had
a controversy forced on me by a colleague. It
has been thought that duty, the great interests
represented by us, forbid such controversies. Dur-
ing the two years I had the honor to serve the
State of California on the floor of the House of
Representatives, the record will show that I never
on any occasion made what may be called a po-
litical or partisan speech; and why? I thought
th_e interests of the Pacific coast demanded all my
attention,and I could not engage in party politics.
During the litne 1 have occupied a place on this
floor, 1 think I may justly say that I have never
engaged in any form in what may be called par-
tisan politics. I desire to avoid them. I think
that we of the Pacific have great interests of our
own, and I trust that the time wyt again come
when the California delegation, as a unit, without
wasting vain words of controversy, will direct
their attention to the development and progress of
those great interests that gather and cluster about
our possessions on the Pacific and centralize in
the noble bay of San Francisco.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I should have
not one word to say in reply to the Senator, but
that what he has said will go into print, and I will
now confine myself to a very few words indeed.
The instructionsof which the Senator has spoken
so lightly were nearly unanimously passed by
both tranches of the CaliforniaLegislature. They
were the most deliberate expression of opinion
ever passed by that body. The Senator has tor-
tured what I have said into a personal attack. I
beg the Senator not to so consider it. The report of
the remarks that I made will relieve it of that im-
pression entirely, and I trust relieve the Senator.
I spoke but for the cause. The Senator, my col-
league, had spoken upon a subject vital, as 1 be-
lieve, or considered vital by the people of Cali-
fornia, and I felt it my duty to speak for that
reason.
The Senator mighthave contented himself with-
out having described the speech that he made on
occasion when he was a candidate for United
States Senator, the office that he now fills.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me one moment?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. McDO UGALL. Speaking of that, I should
like, as the Senator has alleged in the presenceof
the Senate that I said there other than what is
consistent with my conduct here, to have him re-
fer to it on this or some other occasion, so that
Senators may know.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not undertake to put
my colleague on trial here; but I will repeat now
to him and for his benefit, and that the State of
California may hear it, that he could not with the
expression of opinions made by him here this
evening on the proposition now before the Sen-
ate have received my vote nor the vote of the peo-
ple of the State of California for Senator. The
Senator is scarcely aware perhaps of the opin-
ion of the people of that State at the present time.
I think my colleague has not made a visit to the
State since he got his election, which is now in
the fourth year. The speech that my colleague
refers to that he made before the Legislature of
the State of California, when he was a candidate
for the office of United States Senator, abounded
with determination to resist the aggression made
and making by the South*upon us; and in that
speech—I have it, I believe, in my possession,
not at present in the Senate—there was contained,
only diffused, everything contained in the prop-
osition before the Senate to-night. It was a very
able speech; my colleague always makes very
able speeches. It was on the side of his country.
It was for coercion. It was for resistance of the
aggression made against us; and no other position
than that would have secured him the vote of
that Legislature. My colleague need not have
boasted that he was the only man who came for-
ward to speak a word for the Union. There were
other candidates besides him for the office of Sen-
ator, but they were generally men deeply tinc-
tured with secession and treason, and hence my
colleague's election. Bold words, words that
made opinion in the State, were spoken before
my colleague ever spoke them upon thissubject.
My colleague I do not wish to underrate, but he
has not been the foremost man in positions of
danger with us, and he should not claim it here,
in my opinion. I leave the people of California
to judge upon that between him and myself, not
setting myself up, however, against my colleague
in this respect.
My colleague labors under a delusion, a delusion
that somebody—myself, I believe, if I understood
my colleague aright—has engaged in his detrac-
tion. God forbid, sir, that I should detract from •
my colleague. I have never engaged in the filthy
business of detraction, much less against my col-
league. I am very much obliged to my colleague
for his generous offer to assist me or permit me
to assist him here in developing the great inter-
ests of the Pacific coast. I am sure that with the
