2330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
said Union Pacific railroad at the aforesaid initial point on
the one hundredth meridian: Provided, That said Hannibal
and Ft. Joseph Roihoad Company ehah riot, in any case,
be entitled to the benefits, grants, guaranties, 01 privileges
contemplated by this act, foragreatct distance' tliau one
hundred miles, commencing at the Missouri river.
OMAHA AND SIOUX CITY BRANCHES.
Ssc. 15. vfl?i <i be it further cnacted, That the said Union
Pacific Railroad Comprffcy is hereby authorized and re-
quired to construct a single line of railroad and teiegiaph
from a point on the western boundary of the State of Iowa,
to bo fixed by the President of the United States it not al-
ready fixed, upon the most direct and practicable route, to
be subject to his approval, to said initial point on said one
hundredth meridian ol longitude ; ami whenever there shall
be a line of railroad fully completed and equipped tlnough
Minnesota or Iowa to Sioux City, on the Missouri river,
said Union Pacific Railroad Company Is heieby authorized
and required to construct a railroad and telegraph from said
Sioux City, upon the most direct antl practicable route, to
intersect and unite with the *aid railioad horn said west-
ern boundary ot Iowa, at such point thereon as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall fix, not further west than
the said one humhedth inendian of longitude, ami to con-
st! urt the same nta iate oi 11ol less than one hundred miles
each year, Irom and after the time when any such mad shall
be built through Minnesota or Iowa to ■'aid rfioux City, as
aforesaid; and tor and in aid ot such pmposes, the said
Union Paeific Railroad Company may do and'perform in
leleicnee to each of "-aid roads provided for in this* section,
and in tefercnee to the coiiMiuetion, equipment, maiute-
nanc<', find enjovuient tin rcof, uli and singular the seveial
acts and things heroin be fore pi nvided, author izoil, granted,
or required lo be done by said company; and shall be entitled
to similar and like grants, benefits, t nun unities, guarantees,
acts, and tilings to be done and peilornied by lire govern-
ment ot the United States, by tin- Piesident of the United
Suites, tlx* Seeictanc* of the Tieasttryand of the Inlenor,
or by commission* rs, aud be subjet t lo like terms, condi-
tions, iestnctions,and "'tf'hations hcicmhelore contained,
totaling to fli.it poiiiou ot tin- said Union Pacific taihoad
and telegraph line between said initial point and said
eastern base of the Koeky mountain^, so far as such acts
and th i mis giant*, bene tit v. i nun unities, and guaiuu tees are
applicable to vfiid two roads or eniter o( them; the ioute of
< neb of said loads to be subject to the approval of the Pres-
ident ot thel'nited State*., And said company shall com-
plete and eqmp not less than one bundled miles ot the rail-
ioad and telegraph lino liist requited to be built by this
section within two ycais from raid alter tiling it* usmmh to
the piovi-dons of tins act, and not le-s than one hundied
miles eaeh year thereafter until the whole of said laitmad
and telegraph line shali be. tuily complet. d and . quipped.
Ct.KTllAl. l'AOIKXf RAU.RIKP OT CAMTORNlA.
Sue. Ilk ..hulke if J in lh<'t mm fed, That, toi the purpose*!
heu-in mentioned, the Centuii Pacific Raihoad Company
ol California, a enipoialioii exiting undei the laws ot Cal-
ifornia. J- hereby antliun/,. <l u> build ami complete a tatl-
load and telegraph line, on Mieh unite or line as the said
eomp.mj shall deteiunne upon, between theeity of Saeta-
menio and the ea-t.-in bouudaiy ol Calilonua at the. west-
fin lerminiis ot ibe said Union Pucihe raihoad, connect-
ing uahtlie -.ami1; and to aid them m so doing the said
company may do and perform, In reference lo theii said
railroad and tckgntph and the construction, equipment,
ami enjoy mem theivoi, all andsinguhu the several acts and
thing- heienibelbie piovided, authorized, orgianted to be
done and perlouued by fan! Union Pacific KaUioad Corn-
pan} , and shall be entitled to simrlai and like grants, b<m
< ht-, immunities, guuiuntees, acts and (lungs to he done
by the Government o{ the United States, by the President
.oithe United .Mates, the Senctai res ot the Treasury and
of the lnterioi,or by commissioners, in reteienec to its
line oi tailioad and telegraph, und subject to the like terms,
conditions, restrictions, and i emulations; and more pat tic
ubulj > m ease it Khali be tound that any pnitof snid line of
raihoad and telegraph shall full within the aforesaid distiiet
or HeeUou lying between the webtem base of the Koeky
numnutn*! tind the eastern base of the Sierra Nevada
mountains, all the provisions of this net relating to said m-
teiinedi.ue dt-iuet shall apply to such p.utof said line ; and
as to.-ueh part of said lim as may fall within the said dis-
trict or section king between the said eastern and western
bases ot the Steria Nevada mountain-;, all the provisions of
this act iHatwg to said la*? mentioned district oi section
shall apply lo this pait of said line 5 and a- lo the rc-,1 ol bald
line, all (he pioviMOiis of this act r< luting to Unit poitiou
of s.i.d I iimn Pacific raihoad h ing east 01 the base of the
Kocky mounnii.s .shall apply thcieto; and said Centiai
Paciiic Raihoad < 'onipany shall, in inspect to each of the
tatd pai u- 01 its line, be subject to all the tciius. conditions,
lestrietion?, icqiureuients, and regulations herein made ap-
plicable to -:tifl Bcveial distm-ts ot tlu- said Union I'm-ifn-
Ilatlroad Uompan\, fai «h tiie sanu' aic consistent with
the. churi'T 01 said Centiai i'aotic Railroad Company, a.s
the Mime now is 01 sdiatl lieu atiej be, .md with the law- of
tin* State ol Calitoima. Pto i<h".1, Tbat toi the distance of
hUeen iniles 01' kuiI lailrond and telegiap'i line h lug be
nveen M,oi.ktou and the Alameda vallev. and lying on the
f ontra Co-ia mountains, the find ('iiiiipiinj uia\' is-'iif it^
bonds, (o by giiai.iiitn'd as aloiesaid, at the late of |oi?_\
eight per imie.^ Tin; '•aid company shall complete and equip
not !et-s than nil} milo ot >aid iuad within two } car.s alter
filing it- utssi-nt t-  ihe_ provisions of tl is act. and not le«<
than hit} miles thereof within each tenn of twoy< ais there
atf-K unit] (fit whole ol said load tull\ completed and
e<jiiip[i'd ; and .shall, vvirhin one year lrom the approval of
riu.s aei. d.'po.sit and tile in thcolhceoftiie Sccrct.ueof the
Iotci lot u map ot its nuhoad route between the" points
atorefaid.
6ACUV.M1.XW. s 1'0<" KTOW m\NCI3CO U Vir.I'OAD
company. !
. 17 ;'f it fuiH.er enicti'rf. That Charle« Me- \
Langhh-'i, Aic\ai,d''i /f. UoUstt.n, iienrv N. NcwUall :
I'efr Ihin.diiir. 13eijj.uuin JL'\ Mann, Wiluam 11, Dillon, j! 1
Ji. llinkle, \V. Ha\ wood, 11. S. lloldt'ii, 11 15 Underhill, '
Austin Spciry, William B. C'arr, Josiah Johnson, George
McDonald, ami their a.ssociaies, may organize themselves
a-< a coipoiation, undei the laws of me State of Oaliiornia,
under the name and by the title of the ** Hactamento,
Stockton, and Sau Ftamisoo Raihoad Company." The
corporation thus to be oigaiuzed Miall have autlioilty to
build its radroad and t<degi ipii tiom Sncramenlb. via Stock-
ton, the Alameda valley, and Oakland, to the island of
Yerba Huena, 111 the liaibor oi San Fiancisco, which shall
be the western teruunu.s ot the Pacific lailroad; and lor and
in aid of such puipose, when lormed, may do and peilorm
in reference to its said road, and the conMruction and
equipment thereof, all and singular the seveial acts ami
things hereinbefore provided, authorized, or granted to be
done by the afoiesaid Union Pacific Railroad Company,
and shall be entitled to similar and like grants, benefits,
immunities, guarantees, acts, and things to be done and
performed by the Government of the United States, by the
President of the United States, the Secretaries of the
Treasury and of the fnteiior, or by commissioners, iu icf-
eicnee to it and its hue of railroad and telegraph, and be
subject to the like terms,conditions, icstrictions, require-
ments, and regulations hereinbefore contained, relating to
that portion ot the said Union Pacific railroad lying eastof
the said eastern base of the Rocky mountains, consistent
with the chaiter of said Sacramento, Stockton, and San
Francisco Raihoad Company, as the saineshali at auv time
hereafter be j and the said corporation is heieby planted
the said island for depots, machine shops, storehouses,
andothei appiutentuices necessary to facilitate theieceipt
and disch.iige of merchandise, freight, and pa-.sengois:
JJtovided, That such pait of <-«ud island as may be neces-
sary for the erection ol lortificuiions by the Government
may be icserved by the Piesident ot the United States
wfibin two years alter lite passage of ihts net ; the said
company, when duly mgrmr/.ed, to deposit in the office ot
tiie Seeretaty ot tho Inlenor a sworn copy of its chatter or
aitieJes of u.s.iooiation or .igteemciil under its cenporate
seal. None of the lights, benefits, oi puvth/res eontiMu-
[ilated by this section of tin* act siiall npjdy to any lailroad
01 part ot'raiiroad situated .south of the loute inentiom;d m
this section. The satd company shall complete and equip
not less than fifty miles 0! u  lo.id ami telegraph vvtthiti
two >ears after filing its assent to the condition-; ot this act,
hercinatier piovubul, and not h^s than litty miles caeli
year thereaftei, until the whole is completed.
Sue. lrf. Mud he it fintkcr mmtcd, Tuat it shall be the
duiyol tiie coinmis.siouei? to be appoint'd by tho f'lesnlent
of tiie United Slates tmdei said act of July 1, lt5t>}, or this
act, for the purpose o( examining the vatious sections of
taihoad and telegraph, to repan to the fame and make a
personal oxamination thereof, loj whi<-h K-ivice eaoh of
said coininissioneis .shall be pui<l h\ the company on whose
account lie shall be appointed, at the t ate ol eight dollars a
day ioi the time he siiall b«- engaged in such actual examin-
ation, and t< n cents a mile lor traveling tiom iii^ resi-
dence lo the section to br e,\aintnf d. And any such com-
misMoiH'i who shall knowingly uitike 01 sign a ceiune.ue
m this beh.dt containing a i.iUe or fraudulent ^-UUeiiient
ot any mattei requited to be contained theiein, shall be
deemed guilty ot peijuiy, and shall, on conviction tiieieof
inanycomt ot competent jusisdiction, be prmi.shrd with
the same penalty now mtlietcd by law in cases of petjuty
committed by a witness in civil suits in the circuit conns
of the United States; and such ceitificate, and any parent
which may issue upon it,siiall be null and void as between
the United States and sueh company, aud any of its
grantees, assignees, 01 mortgagees having notice of such
lalpjiy or fiaud; and the hmd allected thereh) shall levoit
absolutely to the United States. And the President of the
United Slates is hetehy autliouzed, Jn his disoietion, and
without waiting tor the piesemattou to him of the state-
ment of the president of the company as aiorcsnul, to ap-
point coniinis.sioneis lor the examination of the {•oettonsof
raihoad in California; and such commissioners shall pcr-
foim the same duties and be subject to the same penalties
as other conimissioneis, and then cutiheaten  -huil bo of
the same force and effect fn law.
Sf.<\ 1U. %?lnd he it further cnactcd, That to enable said
coipotations to uiake'convenient connections with other
1 ail roads they aie heieby nut honied to establish and main-
tain all necessary lei lio upon and acioss the i\lis>ouu liver,
aud other nvcr? which their io:uls lunj pa^s in then coui-e ;
and authmiiy is heieby mveu them, lespecnvely, to con-
stiuct Inidgr'sovei such uveis foi sii<-h pmpose; and an
thomy is hereby granted to tin' Pat hie Railioad Company
of Mi^sium to construct a in idge ovenhe Mississippi nvei :
PiovttU'd, lunicver. That un\ hndge ot biidges u> be con-
stiueted over the Mississippi uver or theMissouii river,
undei the puvilege- of tins act, niav, at the option of the
company or companies building tiie same, he built cither
as a dtaw-hi id e, w ith ti pi\ot or other loiniol draw, or
with uiihiokeu ,rnd contniuous spans; and if such budge
shall be made v ith unbroken and continuous spans, it shall
not be ot less elevation Hum ninety left above low water
tn.uk over the channel ol said nvcis, noi in any ease less
th m forty feet ahovo i:\tieme high water, as mnler-t<)i d at
the point of location, measuting f< t "iich elevation to the
bottom chord ot thebndgc; nor siiall the span ol sueh budge
< o\eruiii liic mam channel of the n\er he 1< than tliH'e
hundied feet in length, with, a!-o, one of the next adjoin-
ing spans of not less than two hnmii >d and twenty leet m
lengiii; and the pteis ol s;ud budge shall be jiaiaihd with
the euuent ol the river as ne.o as practicable And if any
hi id«e built uiuici this act shall be constructed as a draw-
bud'.'c, the same shall be consttuctcil with a span ovet the
m it 11 < ban in I of the nvei, «is umler-tood at the tune of the
election ol the budge, oj not ie.-s than three hundred feet
111 length, and such spun shall not be ies-. than seventy feet
above lovv-watci maik. tne.isttung to the bottom chord of
tho hi idtce, and one ot the nevt adjoining -pans «i*ali not
be le>s than two hundred and twenty feet in length. And
theic shall aNo he a pivot diaw coustiucted 111 every such
liridm* at an uicessjhic .tad navigable point, with spaii- of
not les< than one hundred leet in length on each side of the
eerilral or pivot pier of the draw ; and such diaw shall al-
wa\s be opened piomptlj upon ie;ison;ible signal tor the
paseage ol Ijoatc vvhooe coiutrm. tion may not at die tune
admit of their passage under (he permanent spans of said
bridge, except that said draw shall not be requhed to be
opened when engines or ttainsarepassiugovora.aid budge,
or when-passenger trains are due; but in no case shall
unnecessary delay occur in the opening of said draw after
the passage of such engines or trains: Provided, Tbat every
railroad eai or train ot cars about lo pass over any bridge
constructed under this act shall, before passing upon it and
at a reasonable and convenient distance theietiom, stop
and remain ftationary until duly signaled or notified that
the bridge is in readiness to receive it. And any feriy or
bridge established or erected under the provisions of this
act shall be lawful structures, and for all the purposes of
travel, transportation, or other service contemplated by tins
act, be lecogmzed as parts of the line of railroad of the
company establishing or constructing the same; and the
officers and crews ot ail vessels, boats, or lafts navigating
any such rivet tire required to legulate the use of said ves-
sels, boats, or uifts. and of any pipes ot chimneys belong-
ing thereto, so as not, to interfere with the elevation, con-
struction, oi use of any of the ferries or budges so estab-
lished or erected.
Sec. 20. Jln'dhext fuither enacted, That, for the purposes
herein mentioned, and themote efiectually to piomoteand
secure the same, the seveial companies hereinbefoie au-
thorized to construct the aloiesaid loads are hereby re-
quired to make the tracks of their lespeetivc roads of such
utiifoim width as the Piesident of the United States shall
prescnbe; to establish guides and curves as favorable as the
uatiuc of the country ti<>vei?,ed will admit of, and not ex-
ceeding thoie of othcropciauve and cucce^stnl lailrondsm
the United States ; to operate aud use said roads and tele-
giaph for ail puiposes ol communication, travel, aud ttans-
portation, so tar as tire public and the Government are con-
cerned, as one continuous Inn , and in such opeiation and
use to affoul and secure to each othei equal advantages and
facilities as to rates, time, and transposition, without any
diseumuiation of any kind in favor of'the load or business
of any or either of said companies, or adverse to the load
or business ol any or either ot the others ; to ttanspnit all
lion ami other material icqmredtor tho construction and
equipment of the roads of any othei ol' said companies
which cannot be transposed ovei the load ol such other
company, and foi sueh rates as shall beagieed upon by the
companies interested; and in case of disagreement, for
juieh lates as the President ot the United States shall deem
jim and equitable to keep their respective roads and tele-
giupfis in proper icp.rn and condition; to transmit all mes-
sages. dispatches, and telegrams ovei said telegiaph hue,
and tianspoit over then respective loads mails, Hoops, mu-
nitions ot wai, supplies, and public stoics foi the Govern-
ment whenever required so to do by any Ufpaitment
theicof, giving, when requiiod, piefeienee io anv and all
such busim-sp. foi the Government over all othei business,
and to perfoun the •-a111e.it (air and leusonable rates of
compensation, not exceeding the rites paid In puvute par-
ties ioi siinilai business 01 semee. And any two 01 mote
ol sin h t ompanica arc. heiebj authorised at anytime lo
unite and consolidate their organizations, as the same may
01 shall be, upon such teuns and conditions, and in such
manner as they maj agree upon, and as shall not be mcom
panbie with this act or the law.-* ol the State 01 States in
which the loads of sucii companies may be, aud to assume
and adopt such corporate name and style as they mav agree
upon, with a capital stock not to exceed the actual cost of
the load* so to be consolidated, and shall fiie a copy ot such
consolidation in the Department of the lntenot; and there-
upon such otguntzation, so formed and consolidated, shall
succeed lo posses and be entitled to receive tiom the Gov-
ernment ol the United States all and singular the grants,
benefit*, mun unities, guarantees, acts, and things to be done
and pet foi ined, and be subjei t to the same terms, conditions,
restrictions, and lequnemonts winch said companies, re-
spectivcly, at the time of sueh consolidation, are or may
be entitled 01 subject to under this act, m place and substi-
tution of said companies so consolidated, respectively.
And all othei piovisions of thii act, so fai as applicable, re-
lating or in any manner appertaining lo the companies so
t on^olnlated or cither thereof, shall apply and be of torcc
as to fundi consolidated orgamzauou. And m ca*e, upon
the completion b> such consolidated organization of the
loadsoi eitlKu* of thcui, of tiie companies so consolidated,
anj othei of the road or loads of either oi tiie other com-
panies authorized as aforesaid, (and forming, or intended,
01 necessary to form apottion of a continuous line ftom
oath of the .several points on the Mis.-ouii river, hereinbe-
foie designated, to the Paciik coast,) being wholly 01 in
pait incomplete or unconsii uetcd, sueh consolidated oigau-
i/.atton is hetcby autliouzed to continue the coiMitietion
of its load and telcgiuph in the general direction and route
upon which such incomplete ot uiiconsiiucted road is heie-
inbeioie authorized to be built, until sueh continuation of
the 10.ul of such consolidated organization foball rcach the
constructed loud aud telegraph ot said other company, and
at -ucii point to connect and unite theiewith ; and for and
in aid theicof the said consolidated organization inav do
and pcrtoun, in reference to such portion of road and tele-
graph as shall so hem continuation of its eonstuicted load
aiid telegiaph, and to the eons! motion and equipment thcie-
01, all and singularthe seveial act- undrhings hereinbefore
piovided, authorized, 01 grant-d to be done by the company
iicicinbefoie authorized to consttuet and eijuip the same,
and shall be entitled to snmlai aad like giants, bcnelli-,
immunities, guar.tni n's, acts, and ihm;fs {o bo done and
pet formed by the Govrumem ot the United States, by the
Piesident of the United States, b\ the Secrctaucs of the
Trcasurj' and hileuor. aud by coinmissiotrers.. in reference
to such company and to sueh poitton of the road hereinbe-
foie autliouzed to be constructed by it, and upon the like
and similar terms and condition*, so fur as fbo siuie are
applicable tnereto : and ail the right4*, benelits, and privi-
leges which shall be acquiied. possessed. 01 exe'icsed, juii-
suant to this section, shall be to that extent an abatement
of the i isittf*. ben' tits and puvilegi*- Imrombejoi t> gmnti.d to
sucli other company. And in ease any company author-
ized thereto shall not enter into *ueh consolidated oigam-
y.atmn, «ueh company, upon the complctjon of its road as
hereinbefore piovided. shall he entitled to, and is hereby
