1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
authorized to continue and extend the same, under the
circumstances, and in accordance with the provisions of
tins section, and to have all the benefits theieof as fully
and completely as aie herein provided touching euch con
sohdnted oiganization And tn case more than one such
consolidated oiganization t-lial! he made, puisuant to this
act, the terms and conditions of thi> act, hereinbefore re-
cited as to one, shall apply in like-manner, force, and cffect
to the ortiei: Piov.ded, however, That rights and Interests,
at any tune acquired by one such consolidated oiganiza-
tion, shall not be nnpancd by another thereof.
telegra.pus.
Sec. SI. J!nd be it further enacted, That the several rail-
road companies named in this act and the act to which it
Is an amendmenfare authorized to enter into an arrange-
ment with the original contractor with the Government
under the act entitled " An act to facilitate; the communi-
cation between the Ailantic and Pacific States by electric
telcgiaph," approved June 16,1600, so that the present line
of telegraph between the Missouri river and San Francisco
may be moved upon or along the line of said Union Pacific
railroad and its said branches in Kansas and California, as
fast as said line and its said branches are built; and it said
ariangemenr he entered into and the translei of said tele-
graph" line be made in accordance therewith to the line of
said railrond and blanches, such transfer shall, lor all the
pui pot-ep of this act, be held and deemed a fulfillment on the
part of said railroad companies of the provisions of this
act m regaid to the construction of said line of telegiaph;
and in eat-e of disagreement said telegraph companies are
heieby authorized to nnnove their line of telcgiaph along
and upon the line of raihoad herein contemplated, without
prejudice to the lights ot said railroad companies: Provided,
That such line of telegraph shall lie const) ucted and main-
tained as provided by act of Congress authorizing the con-
struction of the said Pacific telegiaph, and subject to the
restrictions, requirements, and provisions of tin* act, as* to
its rates of chaiges. and management, and to «uch subse-
quent legislation as Confess shall tee fit. And it hhall
not be lawful for the piopuetors ot the said line of tele-
graph to San Francisco to retu^c or fail to convey for all
persons requiring the transmission of news or messages
over said line, to semi and forwaid the s-ame at equal rates
charged to any othei panics for the tiansinissiou of news
and messages of like character, on pain of t'nrleiling to the
person injured, toi each olio use, the sum of $100 to be sued
for and recovered in an action ot debt in any court of the
United States or oi any State or Tcrutory of competent
jurisdiction.
Sec: 22. Jhul be it further cnacted, That the holders of
the bonds of any of the companies; hereinbeloiu named,
upon which the Government "hall guaranty the payment
of any interest a  heieinbeforo provided, may uW such
bonds in payment for any lands herein gianted to the com-
panies issuing such bonds, re«p"ctively, at the par value
theieof, paying or allowing to such company s>uch price for
any such lands as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding ten
dollais per acre; and tne guaiantee on he Governmenuorthe
payment of jnteiest on any such bonds, so used, in pay-
ment foi laiid^ shall thereupon cease and he extwguij-hed :
Provided, however, That such light of purchase with bonds
frhall only be cxeici^ed as to Government section.-, and sub-
divisions theieof, and to an amount by any one holder not
exceeding one Mich section of six bundled andtorty acies
tn any one towiifhip.
Sec. 2<3. be it further enacted, That any railroad
company, not before named in thi^ act, which has been, or
may be, meoi poiated by the United Stares, or by the States
or Tern tone.- tflrough which any of the load.- named in tms
act shall be constructed, shall have the right to connect
with either ot the mad< provided for m this act, at -ueh
place, and upon such jtM and equitable terms a^ may tie
agreed upon ; or, m default of such agreement, the < :uno
shall he prescribed by the Pie-ident oi the United State:-,
Sec. 24. v!i}ul be it fmiker enacted, That any ol said com-
panies fading 10 periorm any oi the pmviMons of this act,
so far as thr same air> to he performed by s-neh company,
shall he deemed to have toifeited ail light oi claim to any
of the benefit-? of (his act; and the President ol the United
Stares shall have aurhoiity m any and each of mh-Ii case->
to entei upon, l>y a n cciver to be appointed by him. the
road and telegiaph and piopeity of any such company <o
failing as aioioaid. and connol and uiauage the same ioi
the puij < ses and bu-JiuL'-s set foith in thu act, foi such
tunc as the President shall deem expedient, not extending
bejond the. tei m of ofheeof tin; then boaul of ducctoi-.. and
until the election oi -Hicli a now boaid oi diu-cfor- as shall
be competent to and r>s will dnect the management of tiie
affairs of the company in conloimitv with the piovi-MOtis
ol this act" 1'roL'ded. hoireicr, That no sm.h fail me shall
be deemed to have o-. mured, nor anv forlemn e becnloiced.
lioi iceeivei he appointed, unless and until such company,
aiiei notification by the Pic-identot the United State., shall
omit, de< line, oi n tu-c to icuu'dv -ueh failure \\ ithin i ueh
reasonable time a- shall be lequned m such notice.
Sfc c. 25. slndheii luilkci au/'lci!, That eaehot 1 lie com-
panies named in this net shall hie ils assent to the --evejai
provisions contained thciem, applicable thereto, utidei the
seal of the ^aid company,in the Department ot the Interior,
wnhm six months aitei ilie approval oi this act; and when-
ever it shall appeal that the net earnings of the enttie
raihoad and teb'«iaph. including the amount allowed !<n
M'i vices lendeu d the United SL.ue?, after deducting ail ex-
penditures, including rrpaiis and the luini&iuni, running,
and mammae of said road, ^liali rvceedtcn pet ■ ent. upon
its cost, Congiess mav lednee the rate* of imo theicou. U
Umeasonah'e in amount, and may hx and establish the same
by law ; and the been i to accomplish the object of this act.
namely7 to promote the public inteiost and weliaie by the
cousiiuction ot said ladio id and tcleirrtiph hue, and main-
tain the same m good workinc oidet, and to st\ are to the
Goveiiiinent at all tinier (but paibeulailv mtime of war)
the Use and benefits o[ the same for po-tal, imhtaiy, and
other public pui poses, (joi'g'ess in iv, s*t any tune, having
due iejr.nd lo; the lights ot the said companies tiameii hcie^
in, add to, nliei, amend, <u repeal any oi the pii>vi-u>n- ot
tlii.« aei neeessni\ ui aeeoinph-h the said purpo.-es. V\ hen-
t_vu the woid e mpany i  used in Una act, it shall bo con-
strued to embrace the words " their associates, successors,
and assigns," in the same manner as if the words had been
properly added thereto.
Sec. 56. *£n-d be it further enacted, That the companies
herein eieated. and the roads connected therewith under
the piovisioiis of this act, shall each make to the Secrc-
tar) of the Treasury an annual repoit. wherein shall be set
forth: First. The names of the stockholders and their
places of residence, so far as the same can be ascertained.
Second. Tiie names and residences of the directors and all
other officet c of the company. Third. The amount of stock
subscribed and the amount thereol actually paid in. Fourth.
A description of the lines of load surveyed, of the lines
thereof fixed upon for the construction of the road, and the
cost of such suiveys. Fifth. The amount received Irom
passengeis on the load. Suth. The amount received from
freight thereon. Seventh. A statement or the expense of
said load and its fixtures. Eighth. A fetatemeut of the in-
debtedness of said companies, setting torth the various
kinds thereof. Which report shall he sworn to by the
president ot the said company, and shall be picsented to ihe
Secietarv of the Treasury ou or before the 1st day of July
in each year.
Sec. 27. jJndbe it fnither enacted, That section ten of
tlie act ot which this is an amendment, and the pioviso of
section seventeen of said act, imposing a torfeiture tor the
non-completion of said railroads by the 1st of July, 1876,
section nineteen of said act, and all'acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act, aio heioby icpealed, except as
to any lights or legal icmedies already accrued; which
rights and remedies are hereby preserved and continued as
if this act had not passed.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I askiheSenatort-ogivc way
with this bill to-duy and let us have an executive
session. We have some very important busi-
ness to transnct.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire first tn get through
with some formal amendments to this substitute
which will take but a very short time,
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I will make
a very brief statement relating to the contents of
this substitute which the committee have pre-
sented for the original bill.
By the net of 13G2, incoi poratmg the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the United States agreed
with the company to issue United States bonds for
thepuiposeof aiding and assisting-that company
in the construction ofits road. By the terms of the
act of 1862 these Government bonds, bearing in-
terest at six per cent., payable semi-annually,
were to issue for the benefit of the company at the
rate of $16,U(J0 for each mile of road which should
be completed eastwardly from the eastern base
of the Rocky mountains. That was a direct loan
on the part of the Government of the United Slates
to the company to aid it in carryingon this entoi-
prise. For the intermediate places between the
mountains, that is between the Rocky mountains
and the Sierra Nevada mountains,the Government
agreed to loan to the company $32,000 per miie
in Government bonds; and to loan, I think, the
same amount for that portion of the road winch
might he west of the Sierra Nevada mountains in
the State of California. There were, however,
two mountain districts which were likeiy to be
vet y expensive to the company in the construction
of the road across them—one hundred and fifty
miles on the Rocky mountains and one hundted
and fifty miles across the Sierra Nevada moun-
tains—and upon each of these districts the Gov-
ernment agreed to loan to the company its bonds,
amounting to $48,000 for each mile, on the .same
terms and bearing the same amount of interest.
The substitute now offered by the Committee
on the Pacific Raihoad piohibits the issuing of
any Government bonds either to the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, winch is the company
chartered by the Government of the United States,
or to any other company engaged in the con-
struction of tins road; hut it provides that the
companies themselves, for the purpose of raising
money to aid m the construction of the load,
may be authorized to issue their corporate bunds
to the amount of $24,000 foi that portion of the
road lying between the one hundredth degree of
west longitude and the eastern base of the Rocky
mountains. For the mountain districts the com-
pany is authort7ed to issue its bonds amounting
to £,'Jfi,000 f°r cach mile completed, equipped,
and finished, and £48,000 of us bonds for each
miie finished and equipped m the intermediate
space between these two mountain districts. The
Government agree in the substitute which 1 have
otfeied to guaranty to the holder of these bonds
the interest falling due thereon foi the period of
twenty years from and after the date ot the bond. ■
The first year's interest is to be paid by the
Government of the United States absuliUely and
as a gratuity to the company by the very terms
of the bill, and after that the United States stipu-
late to pay the interest annually upon ali these
bonds thdt may thus be issued by the company,
provided the company itself fails to pay them at
the .time and place when and where they are to be
paid. But the substitute provides that before the
company shall issue and put in circulation any
of its corporate bonds, it shall make a mortgage,
under the direction of the President of the United
States and of the Secretary of the Treasury, as a,
security for the payment of all the corporate bonds
which may thus issue, including the interest and
including the interest upon the interest that the
United States may be obliged to pay.
The substitute provides fmther that in case
the United States shall be obliged to pay and
shall pay any portion of the interest upon these
bonds falling due during the period of nineteen
years, it shall be substituted to all the rights and
equities appertaining to the original bondholder or
bondholders; that is to say, the company, under
ils present organization, will be authorized by
this substitute to issue its corporate bonds to a
certain amount, and, if it pleases, to put them
into circulation, to get them discounted in the
maiket. But after it shall have finished, in
one case, forty miles of its road, and in another
case twenty miles of its road, it, or the holders
of its bonds, have a right to bring the bonds to
the Secretary of theTreasury of the United States
accompanied by a certificate of the completion of
a section of forty or twenty miles of the road, as
the case may be, and then the Secretary of the
Treasury is required to indorse upon each one of
those bonds thus produced to him, the guarantee
of the Government for the payment of the interest
for twenty years. The bunds may thus be pro-
duced to the Secretary of the Treasury by a bona
fide holder or by the agent of the corporation itself
at any time. Whenever it shall appear, to the
Secretary of the Treasury that a certain section
of the road has been completed and these bonds
shall be produced, it becomes his duty to put
upon the back of the bond a guarantee of the Gov-
ernment that the interest shall be paid, as I have
previously stated.
Instead, therefore, of the United States becom-
ing the principal debtor in the prosecution of this
great enterprise, it becomes merely the guarantor
and security for the payment of the interest for
twenty yeais upon the bonds which the company
may of itself issue. The Government is not lia-
ble for the piincipal of the bonds, but only for the
interest upon the bonds during the period of
twenty years. The bond itself is to tun thirty
yeais, but the Government makes itself respons-
ible for the payment of the interest upon the
bond only for twenty years as a guarantor—not
precisely in the technical sense of a guarantor,
but in aca pacify which very much resembles that
of a guarantor.
In the substitute now offered, the Government
waives all notice of the non-payment of the in-
terest by the company and waives its claim to a
formal demand of payment by the holder of the
bond upon the company. It was thought by the
company that this ceremony was really of no use
either to the bondholderor to the Government of
the United States, while at the same time the sub-
stitute requires the company to give notice to the
Secretary of the Tieasury three months befoie-
hand m case the company shall foresee that it
will not be able to meet the semi-annual interest
upon its bonds as it may fall due. _ Tins was a
matter of meie convenience, requiting the com-
pany incase U shall be prospectively unable to
meet this interest to give notice to the Govern-
ment so that the Govei nmentcan prepare lo meet
it befoiehand.
I will not further take up the time of the Sen-
ate in explaining the provisions of ibis substi-
tute. The other provisions of the substitute are
merely such as aie necessary to catry this great
and leading provision into full effect.
Mr. MORLULL. What is the amount of our
liability >
Mr. HOWARD. The amountof our liability,
so far as it can be aseeriauied, will not, i appre-
hend, vary essentially from the same liability as
would have arisen under the act oflbC'2. I think
it is consideiably less.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 have heard it said that u
would be §50,000,000 moie.
