1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOB®.
Loan, excused from further service on said com-
mittee.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole oil the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLIVi AN (at five minutes to four o'clock,
p. rn.) moved that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS'S motion was then agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cox in the
chair,)and resumed the consideration of the spe-
cial o der, being bill of the House No. 12'2} to
increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses.
The question was taken on Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
%dnd be it further ena<fel} That thorn shall bp levied,col-
lected, and paid on all manufactures of cotton, wool, sulk,
woisted, il.i\, willow, gM&b, pottery wate, leather, paper,
iron, frtuol, load, tin, copper, zinc, bta^s.gold, silver, born,
ivoi y, bone, bristles, wholly or in part, or of any oiher ma-
teiial not otheiwise piovided for by existing law, on hand
uiid for sale on the 12th day of Junuaiy, 1864, or winch
may be hereafter mauufaetuicd lor sale, a duty of fivo per
cent, ad valorem.
It will be observed, Mr. Chairman •
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that debate is closed upon this section.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate was limited to one
minute.
Mr. STEVENS. Weil, that has expired.
The CHAIRMAN. No, not yet.
Mr. HOLA4AN-. Moreover debate was only
closed on the pending section—section six, and i
oiler an additional section. It will beobseived
that the only effect of tins amendment will he to
increase the duty on manufactures from three per
cent, ad valorem to five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
if that would not increase the burdens of the great
West ^
The CHAIRMAN. The one minute allowed
for debate upon this section has expired.
Mr. HOLMAN. Debate was closed on the
sixth section only. My amendment is an addi-
tional section to come in between sections six and
seven of the oiiginal hill
The CHAIRMAN. The sixth section is still
under consideration. The gentleman's amend-
ment would be in order at the end of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw it for the
pieseut.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the seventh
section by adding to it the following words:
And that o<i all Mich -pint-imported prior to the pa-si^c
of tilth act theie shall be levied and paid an adduiocal tax
of fony cent* per gallon, to be collected under <luection->
and accoulnig to ngulation-j to be Catab)i?)ied I53 the Sec-
retaiy of the Trea^uiy.
I want to put foreign liquors on the same basis
as domestic liquois have been put oil.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the seventh
section by stoking out "forty" and inserting
44 sixty " cents, as rhoadditionaldutyon impoitcd
liquors. 1 observed that the gentleman ftom Iowa
[Mr. Grinnell] was veiy anxious the other day
to impose a heavy duty on the cheap article of
spirits manufactured in our own country. I pro-
pose to place a somewhat heavier duty on foreign
biamhes and champagne wines imported from
abroad. These ate very expensive articles and
arc only used by the wealthy elates. It seems
to me, therefore, that they can bcaramueh heavier
duty than the cheap aiUclo can. ifthe argument
is that high rates of taxation do nor materially
affect consumption, I suppose the argument is as
good for expensive articles as it is for cheap aiti-
eles. I hope that my amendment Will beadopLcd,
and that this additional-duty of sixty cents per
gallon will be levied on imported liquors. Inde-
pendently of the various uses to which spirits is
applied in the manufactures, it has become, i i
some sense, indispensable to the people, and yt
it is pioposed to tax this common whisky as hijjh
as imported liquors ore taxed. } itmsk that in-
stead of disciimmation agam«t native products,
we ought to discriminate m their favor.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire merely to say that
the duty proposed is precisely that which equal-
izes the foreign and the domestic article.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will ask the gentleman from
Vermont whether a heavy duty was not imposed
on foreign liquors by the act of 1846, and also by
the bill repoi ted by himself, and whether the duty
pioposed hete is not comparatively light? I also
ask him whether he believes that this increase of
duty would materially interfere with the impoitu-
tion of foreign spirits?
Mr. MORRILL. The bill as ft now stands
Jeaves foreign and domestic liquors in their rela-
tive position to each other. 1 do not suppose that
an increased duty would much diminish the im-
portation, but I think it is as nearly just, as it now
stands, as it can be made.
The question was taken by division; and there
were, on a count—ayes 54, noes 56.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WARD. J move to amend the seventh
section by adding to it as follows:
ProiiJcil, Jiouercr, That this section shall not apply to
such distilled spirits as are actually oirs-hipboatd and bound
to the United {States, and on deposit in bonded warehouses
or public btoies when this act shall take effect.
Mr. HOLMAN". 1 make the point of order
that the amendment is in direct conflict with a
provision already adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is a matter for the committee,
not for the Chair.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask that the section be read
as it would be if the gentleman ^amendment were
adopted.
The section, with the proposed amendment,
was read, as follows:
And that on all such spirits imported piioi to the pap«a?e
of tin* act there shall be lowed and paid an additional tux
! of toil} cent.- p<>i gallon, to be collected under dneetions
and aeeoiding to tetnilaLioiis to ]>i> esiahlMu-d bj the Sec-
retin y of tho Trea^my . Provided* houcva , That this sec-
tion  h<ill not applv to such <h-tili( d spu it* a*, an* actually
on shipboaid, and bound to the f'luted States, and on d*'-
po>if in bonded w .uvIious.es or public stores when lint, .ict
shall take eiieci.
Mr. WARD. Mr. Chairman,! feel some solici-
tude m regard to this amendment, as the repre-
sentative of a city which has a 1 trge imposing
interest. The unifoim practice of the Govern-
ment has been, in all bills relating to the tariff, to
except from their provisions all goods, wares,
and merchandise on shipboard bound to the Uni-
ted Slates; also to except goods in the bonded
warehouses and public stores. So far as I am
aware, theie had been no departure from that
policy until the last Congress, when a slight dc-
pai'tuie was made fi om it. Congiess then adopted
an amendment excluding sroods on sinpboat d Irom
the rule, but making it apply to goods in bonded
warehouses on which the duty would be paid
within three months. What 1 tlesiie to accom-
plish by my amendment is merely to bung back
Congress to the usual custom. I look upon the
duty on foreign importations as dilfenngin prin-
ciple fiom the tax on domesiicgoods. Gentlemen
may way what they like; but i insist that there is
an implied contract between the Government of
the United States and til > importer. The latter
imports at a certain fixed rate of duty, depositing
his goods in the warehouse, and giving to the Gov-
ernment a bond to pay that duty. Gentlemen say
that there is no contract. I say that theie i« a
contract. 1 say that the Government is pledged,
and that its honor is pledged, when the importer
demands his goods, that he shall receive them,
and pav the duty only which he agreed to pay
when the goods armed m the country. So with
the goods on shipboard. U is fair that they should
pay no mme ihan the duty whHi was existing
at tin* time the order of the importer was s-'iit out,
provide.! that thev c.re a< tualty upon shipboard,
and bound t<> tho United States. 1 think that fins
is n matter of justice. 1 regard this m addlei-
ent aspect from the duty upon domestic whisky.
1 say that theie has been no opportunity for the
importers to ava'l themselves of the notice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York. It is not
consistent with tN* section.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to stiil;e
out the hi&t woid.
Mr. Chan man, J move that amendment merely
for the piupose of saying, while I have no doubt
the class of importers to which my colleague al-
ludes does not come propeily within the obnox-
ious class of speculators which the amendment
offered by myself the other day was intended to
reach, 'still the ptjnciple which this committee
has established, not only i,i my amendment, but
jn subsequent amendments to this bill, in my judg-
ment should not now he undone. Although im-
porters may haveimported upon the lates of duty
which were established at the time their orders
were sent to Eutope, yet at the same time they
have sent those oidersto Europe subject to the-
necessities of the Government. If the necessities
of the Government have made it necessary to in-
crease the duties, I say that they took the risk,
and that they should not be exempt; that no dis-
crimination should be made in their favor.
Mr. HOLMAN. One word about these bonded
warehouses. There are two classes of liquors ex-
cepted: those upon shipboard, and.secondly, those
in bonded warehouses. 1 would like to inquire
whether by that broad provision the gentleman
means the liquors placed there in those bonded
warehouses by the domestic distillers as well as
those placed there by the foreign importers?
Mr. WARD. Only those placed there by the
foreign importers.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is not the language of
the proposed amendment! if the gentleman does
not embrace the domestic distillers who have
placed their liquor there under the same sanctions
as the foreign importers, I cannot go for his amend-
ment. One placed his liquor in bonded ware-
houses bccause the law authorized him to do so,
and only requires him to pay the duty when ho
withdraws it. If he is to be excepted from this
bill, how unreasonable it is not to except the man-
ufacturer of domestic spirits, who has also placed
his goods in the bonded warehouses? Why should
the foreign impoiter go scot free? Itmay be that
thete is an excellent class of commercial gentle-
men who aie entitled to the favorable considera-
tion of the Government in the great commercial
cities. I say that as worthy and as intelligent a
class of men, whose "goods are also placed in
bonded warehouses, is equally entitled to the favor
of the Government. If the bill is to be retro-
active in reference to one class I shall insist that
it shall also be retroactive in regard to the other.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee do
now rise..
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cox reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the slate of the Union generally, and particularly
lull of the House No. 322, to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mi. STEVENS. I move that when the House
again -resolves itself into Committee of the Whole
on (he state of the Union that all debate *on the
pending bill shall be closed in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itsolfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Cox in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the internal revenue bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed
on the pending section. The question is on the
amendment of ihe'gentleman from New York.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following as an
additional section;
See. y. *hulbe it fin the i enacted, That consuls of foiciffa
commit"* in the l/mted Slates, who .ire not citizens thereof,
{■hall be and hereby are exempt fiom any income lax im-
posed by the act releticd t<> ui the hr.-t section o> tin*, act,
ulu'-h maj be derived hom then orhcinl emoluments, or
from their piopeity in such countries: lJtovulcd, That the
Governments which such consuls may lepresent shall ex-
tend smiilai ex mj>tioiH to consul-. of iliu United States.
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to amend by adding
the following as an additional section:
stec. 0. .'2nd hctl further enacted. That it shall be the duty
of the a^es^ois and a—-i-tJUit ast-r^or- appointed a* pro-
vided ui the aetto \vhieUtbi>aot i-an amendment to as-ess
the atldinrm.il duties levied by thi«. act upon all epiut> and
cotton on winch the dut> pre^ei tb«-d in taid act thai! have
been paid oi a- yei.«'d at the tune when this act takes, effect;
and the Je-B thereof s-hali be returned to the several col-
lector?, ami collcction-, made ni the same manner as in the
monthly returns of manufacturers; and the duty so assessed
