1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S07
sorry that he to-night manifests so much feeling
on this subject. It seems there is a sore place
that has been left from the discussions we have
heretofore had as to the right to confiscate enemies'
property, which has broken out again to-night.
Mr. COWAN. I beg leave to disclaim any-
thing of that kind. I hope the gentleman will
not charge that upon me. I am not in the habit
of entertaining any such feelings.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad if the
wounds that he seems to have felt are all healed,
and I hope they may never break out again.
But, sir, while I shall not go into a discussion
with him over again upon these questions, which
were elaborately discussed here two years ago, I
will so far trespass upon the time of the Senate
as to read a sentence or two from a decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States when it
was presided over by Chief Justice Marshall,
which I think refutes absolutely and completely
the position which the Senator has taken thatthere
is an international law prevailing in times of war
higher and above the sovereign power of the State.
As I said to the Senator when i interrupted him,
1 have never contended that we should carry on
this war contrary to international law. I hold
that the right to confiscate enemies' property is
part and parcel of the international law. I3ut,
sir, if it were not, it would be perfectly competent
for the Congress of the United States, the sover-
eign power, to confiscate enemies' property; and
no court ever decided in this country that a law
of the sovereign power was unconstitutional be-
cause it violated what that court might suppose
to be the international law. international law,
the usage of nations, higher and above the Con-
stitution and the sovereign power of a State!
Why, air, the idea is preposterous. Let us sec
what Chief Justice Marshall says on that very
subject.
iVfr. COWAN. Will the honorable Senator
be good enough to read the circumstances of that
case, the facts?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The case extends through
one hundred pages of the volume that I hold in
my hand, and I am not to be drawn off from the
point.
Mr. COWAN. Read the facts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read the decision
of the couit. It was in reference to confiscation.
The point of the case was this: the Executive had
undertaken to confiscate property without au-
thority of the sovereign or war-making power,
without authority of an act of Congress, and the
court decided that that could not be done; it
needed legislative action; and here is what the
court say:
"There being no other act of Congicss which hears upon
Tim subject, it is considered a?, pioved that the Lesislutuie
iisu not confiscated enemy property which was withm the
United States at the declaration ot war, and that tins sen-
tence of condemnation cannot be sustamed.
One view, however, has boon taken ot' this subject
which deserves to be fuitherconsideied."
And till is is the very view that the Senator
takes here to-night.
"It is uiged that, in executing the laws of war. the Ex-
ecutive may seize and the coutis condemn all piopeity
vvlueji, according to the modern law of nations, is subject
to confiscation, although it might require an act 01 the Le-
gislature to justify the condemnation of that piopeity winch,
accoidmg to modern usage, ought not to be confiscated.
"This aigument must assume lor its basis the position
that modem usage constitutes a mle which acts directlj
upon the tiling itself by its own lorce and not thiough sov-
ereign powei.;>
That is exectly what the Senator contended for.
'• This position is not allowed."
That is the language of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
" Tins usage"—
What usage? This law of nations, which is
but a usage of nations—
" Tins usage is a guide which the sovereign follows or
abandons at his will. The iu!e, like other precepts oi mo-
lality, of humanity, and even of wisdom, is addressed to
tlu'judsmem of the  ovcicign ; and although it cannot be
disregarded by hnu without obloquy, yet it may be disre-
garded.
That is the language of the Supreme Court of
the United States, delivered by Chief Justice
Marshall; and yet the Senator rises here and dis-
putes it all.
As I have said, I am not disposed to go into
this argument and take up the time of the Senate
m discussing a question which occupied weeks of
its time some two years ago. But the Senator -
says it is a monstrous proposition to think of
stripping the whole people of the South, and that
the suggestion of such an idea has driven them
together. Sir, who ever suggested it? Nobody
that I ever heard except the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I have heard in this Chamber or else-
where nobody suggest the idea of stripping the
whole people of the South of all their property;
but whatdid we suggest? Wesuggested stripping
the rebels and the traitors of their property. Did
that make traitors of loyal men? Did that make
them all unite together? That is a beautiful spe-
cies of loyalty which runs into treason the mo-
ment we take the property of the traitor.
Mr. COWAN. I beg pardon of thq, Senator
for interrupting him. 1 shall not interrupt him
oftener than he interrupted me. I should like
to know whether he does not hold that all the
people of the South who have been engaged in
this rebellion, who have borne arms, who have
obeyed, in other words, the de facto government,
are rebels?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; if they have
been coerced into it they are not rebels. It is only
those who have willingly committed treason that
I would punish, or ever proposed to punish, or
thatthcconfiscation act ever proposed to punish.
The Senator from Pennsylvania takes this most
extraordinary view of the subject: he says that
when there was a large portion of the South loyal
arid true to the Union, and we undertook to aid
and sustain them, we must do it by helping the
rebels. These Union people down there, these
loyal people that he talks about, were offended
with us because we proposed to punish the trai-
tors that were oppressing them. Is not that reason-
able? Is not that human natuie ? Thatis his ar-
gument. lie states it differently, because ho talks
about stripping all the people of the South of iheir
property, a proposition that no mortal man ever
advocated or advanced.
Our confiscation act that we passed two years
ago did not amount to much; it has never been
enforced. The Senator has had his own way.
Mr. COWAN. You did not get the bear, and
of course you could not confiscate the hide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We never have confiscated
it where we had the power.
Mr. COWAN. Oh, yes; all around here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To but a very limited ex-
tent. We have never taken the property of rebels
except during their lives.
We have a bill now pending before us which
the Senator from Massachusetts has brought for-
ward, providing that where these traitors in the
South have abandoned their property andgoneolT
to fight us in the rebel army, to slay your son
and mine, our relativesand friends,and overturn
our Government, the fieedmen of the South, the
slaves, may take possession of this abandoned
property, and it may be leased to them for one
year. The Senator from Pennsylvania contends
that when the rebel master who owned that plant-
ation is in the army fighting us, if some of our
brave boys should happen to slay him before
Petersburg, the moment that we killed him the
frcedmen whom the Senator from Massachusetts
placcd on the plantation must leave it; and why?
Because you can only forfeit the property of that
traitor for life, and inasmuch as one of our brave
boys slew him in battle you must take your freed-
inen ofiffrom his plantation and give it up tosome
traitor relative that will furnish the avails of it to
fight you still longer. I believe in no such policy.
I'would offer no reward to preserve the life of a
traitor. Why, sir, the frcedmen placed upon
these plantations would all be interested in pre-
serving the life of the rebel owner if they had to
give up the plantation when the crop was made
in case the rebel owner was slam.
This amendment, therefore, is directly perti-
nent to this bill. In my judgment, had we passed
an efficient confiscation law two years ago in-
stead of one which was of very little value had it
been executed and of no value when unexecuted,
we should have made far greater progress in this
war than we have. I would have divided out
these plantations among loyal men long ago. I
would not have allowed rebel generals who have
been fighting us for the last three years to hold
estates in the North from which they denvulatgo
incomes with which to i'mnush munitions of war
to contend against us. I never believed in .such
a policy. We tried it under the auspices of the
Senator from Pennsylvania and persons like him
for two years. We attempted to fight these rebels
so as not to hurt them. Our brave boys went down
to the South, and when we drove the rebel armies
before us, they were stationed around rebel plant-
ations to guard and protect them; and, sir, when
in the vicissitudes of the war they were driven back
from the positions they had occupied, the very fe-
males whom they had protected snotat them from
the houses they had guarded. In my judgment,
war means desolation; it means death'; itenenns
destruction; and if I could have my way, these
rebels should have all three, death,'desolation,
destruction, and I had almost said damnation.
Sir, we can make nothing by undertaking to win
them back. I would not touch the hair of the
head of a loyal man. I would encouragc him; I
would reward him for his loyalty and protect him
in it; and no true loyal man will ever turn traitor
because you refuse to protect and uphold the
traitor who oppresses him.
Mr. WILSON. I hope this amendment will
be withdrawn, and I hope so for the reason that
1 think it fatal to the bill we now have under con-
sideration. I do not think we have a great deal
more time to devote to this bill. We are talking
of adjourning this week. If we give up that idea
and devote ourselves to them we can give time
enough to this bill and some othersand pass them.
This is a measure of humanity, a temporary meas-
ure to last during the war, to aid the freedmen,
and I trust that we shall not take up more lime
by undertaking to force upon it the amendment
now pending. Let us pass this bill, and then take
up what I consider one of the great bills of the
session, the bill to give the confiscated lands to
our soldiers, and then upon that bill put a prop-
osition of this kind if Senators desire to do it.
There is a great measure that has passed the
House of Representatives, a measure thatsecures
to the men who are fighting the battles of the
Republic the confiscated rebel lands and the lands
sold or to be sold for the non-payment of taxes;
and such an amendment as the one now pending
belongs to a measure of that kind, and not to the
bill now before us. This bill has already occu-
pied the attention of the Senate for four days* be-
fore to-day, and unless wc act upon it to-night I
doubt very much if we can pass it. I hope there-
fore that this amendment will be dropped.
But, sir, I desire to say a single word to the
Senator from Pennsylvania before I sit down. I
was sorry to hear him say here to-night what is
said so often without the semblance of being sus-
tained by the facts before the country, that the
emancipation policy of this Government had uni-
ted the South and divided the North. There is
not the shade of a shadow of truth about it. The
South is more divided to-day than it was three
years ago, and everybody knows it. How was
it in Delaware three years ago to-day? It wrs
doubtful if the loyal men had the State at nil.
How was it in Maryland? She was held by
twenty or thirty thousand men, held only by the
military power of this nation, and all her leading
influences were in favor of the rebellion; and to-
day Maryland is for the country and for the Gov-
ernment, a free State of this Union. How was
it with West Virginia? West Virginia was then
divided and struggling in civil war; now she is a
free State, and for the country. How was it in
Kentucky? Kentucky three yearsago was under
the control of men who were talkingaboutarmcd
neutrality, and rolling back the armies of the
Union and the armies of the rebellion, and dic-
tating a peace when both parties were exhausted
by war. Kentucky is more united to-day than
she was three years ago for the countiy. How
is it in Missouri ? She is almost as united for the
Government to-day as any free State m the Union,
and three years ago she was overrun and held by-
rebel influences. B nw is itin Tennessee How
is it in Arkansas? How is it in Louisiana? How
is it even in North Carolina? There is not a slave
State in thisUnion to-day thatis not more divided
and where we have not more real supporters of
the Government of the United States than we had
two or three years ago. ThatisGod'struth, and
every man knows it; and yet men get up here and
teii us that our policv is uniting the South and
dividing the North! 'Why, sir, the loyal men of
the South are stronger for tiie Government to-day
than ever before, and they arc for emancipation.
I do not know a man for slavery in this country
