1861,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
1355
Mr. ASHLEY. Never.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Does my friend regard
the States in rebellion as oat of the Union?
Mr. ASHLEY. I am answering that ques-
tion.
Mr. W.J. ALLEN. Do you so regard them ?
Mr. ASHLEY. Their acts are good against
themselves.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Do you think they had
a right to go out of the Union?
Mr. ASL1LEY. I do not.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Then if they had no
right to go out of the Union, they are in the
Union.
Mr. ASHLEY. I will answer the gentleman
before I get through.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I wish the gentleman'a
answer was more apropos.
Mr. ASHLEY. I lay it down as a proposition,
which I do not believe can be controverted, that
the constitutional relations of a State to the na-
tional Government may terminate, and the State
cease, as a political organization, to be u State
invested by the Constitution with part of tho sov-
ereignty of the nation, in one of the following
modes:
1. By successful revolution and the establish-
ment of an independent government,
2. By the conquest of a foreign Power.
3. By the treaty-making power, whereby one
or more States, or any part of a State, may be
ceded to a foreign nation.
4. By acts of treason and rebellion on the part
of the constituted authorities of a State sustained
by a majority ol Us citizens.
5. By tho refusal of a majority of the electors
in a State to perfoim their duties as citizens, and
by prohibiting the minority from exercising the
functions of a State government under the Con-
stitution.
Other modes might be named, and have doubt-
less suggested themselves to gentlemen who have
examined the subject. These, however, will suf-
fice to illustrate the views I desire to present.
The first and second propositions will not be
disputed. All will concede that by successful
revolution or by conquest States may cease to be
members of the Union.
There may be some who will deny that by the
treaty-making power the Governmentof the'Uni-
ted States can cede one or more States or any part
of a State to a foreign Power. Those who claim
that " a State once a State is always a State" will
doubtless deny any proposition at war with this
theory. The power, however, to acquire and to
cede territory is an attribute of sovereignty fully
recognized by the civilized Governments of the
world. John Quincy A dams declared, in a speech
delivered by him in the House of Representatives
many yeats ago, rhat a State could constitution-
ally be ceded to a foreign Power. If one Slate
may be ceded, then two or more States or any
part of a State may he ceded. In sealing the dis-
puted boundary between Great Hruam and the
United States, Mr. Webstei negotiated a tieaty
ceding to Great Britain part ofthc State of Maine,
which the Senate of the United States ratified, and
it became, and is to-day, the law of the land. If
that treaty had ceded all the territory included
within the limits of the State save one bundled
acres, would the families occupying fhe lemnming
territory have the right to assume the government
ot the State and put "the machinery of a State gov-
ernment m operation, elect themsehes to ofilce,
and send S< nators and Representatives to Con-
gieSs? if "a State once a State is always a
fcltafe," this right would be unquestionable, and
they would assuredly be clothed with that power.
It is s*tid if theic be hut ten or even two loyal cit-
izens in any State, which by the votes of a ma-
jority of Us legal ciectots haa, in the manner pre-
scribed by law, abolished its State government,
established a new and beside government, and
made war against the United States to maintain
it, thru the two or ten citizens remaining loyal, or |
professing loyalty,arc, by virtue iheieof, investi d j
With the entire power of the State govetnnient as ]
it existed before the rebellion; th.-a, indeed, :he ;
old constitution snruves the action of the ma- !
jority which hnc< abolished it and adopted a m-w i
one, and that the two or l-'ii loyal men may. under !
it, elect and inaugurate officers from ihur own !
number, and thus, while assuming that dm acts I
of the mnjonty are null and void, hold within I
themselves and perpetuate the existence and gov-
ernment of the State.
What wonder that we have had such blunder-
ing in Virginia and Louisiana on this question of
reconstruction, when we have loyal men claim-
ing to be statesmen in the Senate and House of
Representatives misleading themselves and the
country with such transcendental propositions as
tliat which assumes that "a State once a State
is always a State," and that ten men may set up'
and maintain a State government in a State which
half a million of men have voted to abolish.
But I desire, more particularly, to call the at-
tention of the House to the fourth proposition,
that the constitutional relations of a State to the
national Government may be terminated, by th'e
action of its constituted authorities, sustained by
a majority of its citizens, in abolishing their State
constitution, establishing a new gne, and making
war upon the supreme Government, to maintain
the new government thus established. I claim
that a State which is guilty of such action di-
verts itself of all rightful authority to participate
m and be part of the Government which it is seek-
ing to destroy, just as every citizen who commits
treason forfeits his right to citizenship, property,
and life. The territory constituting the State is
still within the national jurisdiction and consti-
tutes part of the national territory, its citizens,
though in rebellion, arc still citizens of the United
States, and under the Constitution they owe a
paiamount alh fiance to the national Govern-
ment; but the State, having been converted by
th-j treason of its ruler^and citizens into an engine
of war for the destruction of the nation, has justly
and legally forfeited all its lights as an organized
political community, invested with part of the
soveiejgnty of the nation.
Whatever part of national sovereignty was by
the Constitution and laws of the United States
vested in such State lapsed by virtue of its trea-
son ond rebellion, or the treason and rebellion of
its citizens, and remains in the supreme Govern-
ment.
Gentlemen have asked, with an air of apparent
gravity, ct when did these States cease to exist?
Was it on the passage of their secession ordi-
nances? If not, at what precise period of time
did they cease to be States and get out of the
Union?" I answer that the territory and people
constituting the State have not and cannot "get
out of the Union," as gentlemen are pleased to
term it; that is, they cannot withdraw themselves
and the teuitory of the State from the constitu-
tional jurisdiction of the national Government
except by successful revolution; but when a ma-
jority of the electois of any State in compliance
with the spirit and forms of their organic or
statute law change their State constitutions and
governments, and renounce their obedience to the
national Constitution, their State governments
cease from that very hour. Gentlemen must re-
member that this is not a rebellion on the part of
the nitijoiiry or indeed any part of the people of
the rebel States against the constituted authori-
ties and former recognized governments of those
States, but a rebellion on the part of the consti-
tuted authorities and a majority of the people of
those States against the Governmentof the United
States. If it were a rebellion of a minority, or
even of a majority of the people of those States,
agamsttheir old State government and constituted
authorities, as well as a rebellion against the na-
tional Government, the old State governments
would remain if their constitutions imd'not been
abolif-hed and their constituted authorities had re-
mained loyal; but their State governments would
be in abeyance while the rebel insurgents held
possession of the State. The constitutions and ;
governments of ell the rebel States, however, ,
having been changed or abolished in the manner
prescribed in the organic or statute laws of said
States by the will of a constitutional majority ot
thcii qualified electors, surely no lawyer will
claim that a legal State constitution and govern-
ment exists in any of those States such as can
he recognizi d by Congress or any department of
the national Government- When such a change
<->f their constirutions and governments was af-
iVetedj-ihtjir constitutional relations to the national
Government ceased. They then ceased to be
States of this Union as political oiganiznnons. in-
vested by the Constitution and laws of the United
States with part of the governing power of the
Republic, but the territory and people remain as
before, legally subject to the laws and Constitu-
tion of the United States.
If this theory be not the true one,"then all that
the conspirators in Congress frdm the rebel States
needed to have done, and al! they need do in ctfse'
of another rebellion, is to remain in' the Senate
and House, and insist that the States which they
represent, though waging war against the tfa*
tional Government to destroyit, are still State!,
endowed with part of the sovereign power of the
country, and that as Representatives from these
States they have the constitutional right to retain
their seats as part of the governing power of the
country.
Sir, if the conspirators and rebel chiefs could
have known that a doctrine so fatal as this to our
very existence as a nation would have been se-
riously maintained by loyal men in the midst of
this great rebellion; if they could have known
that men claiming to be statesmen would assert
as a principle that "a State once a State is always
a State," and that the minority of its citizens had
the constitutional right to send full delegations of
Senators and Representatives to Congress, though
a majority, with the constituted authorities of the
State, were in rebellion against the national Gov-
ernment; if they could have been made to believe
that the Thirty-Seventh Congress would have
insisted that this minority in any of the rebel
States, without an organized civil government,
recognized by Congress, had the right to fill these
Halls with their Representatives, on condition of
swearing fealty to the Government, without re-
gard to the number of their constituency, so that
they ranged anywhere from ten to one or two
hundred professedly loyal voters for each mem-
ber of Congress; I say, if the conspirators and
rebeitchiefs could have anticipated all this, they
would doubtless have materially changed their
programme, and every vacant chair in Congress
would have been filled from the outbreak of the
rebellion to this hour with the open or secret
enemies of the Government, all laboring for its
destruction.
Mr. Speaker, I know, and alas ! we all know,
too well, that southern statesmen, for the past
thirty years, have had good reason to be familiar
with the stupidity of northern Representatives in
Congress; but, sir, I venture the assertion that
no southern man, in the maddesthour of his pas-
sionate contempt for the North, ever conceived
that northern men would be guilty of the stupid-
ity of claimingto-day that South Carolina, or any
other rebel State, has a State government in ex-
istence which entitles it under the national Con-
stitution to exercise part of the governing power
of this nation* Gentlemen may insist as long and
pertinaciously as they please that States cannot
dissolve their political relations to the national
Government, and that when they are once States
they arc always States. The fact that States,
with the approval of a majority of their citizens,
have abolished thoirState constitutions,renounced
their allegiance to the national Constitution, and
made war upon the national Government to de-
stroy it, is as notorious as the fact that, our armies
are engaged in puttmg down the rebellion. I
hold that no act of rebellion and levying war on
the part of the constituted authorities of a State,
and no ordinance of secession passed by a State
Legislature or a convention in any State, with
the approval of every elector in it, can legally or
constitutionally affect the rightful jurisdiction of
the national Government over the people and
territory of such State, but such ordinances of
secession and acts of rebellion ancl levying war
on the part of the constituted authorities of said
State, sustained by a majority of its citizens, de-
stroys, as a matter of fact, the political organiza-
tion known and recognized as a State by the na-
tional Constitution, ami no State thus in rebellion
can maintain constitutional relations to the Gen-
eral Government until it is reorganized by the
loyal people, subject to and in conformity with
the Constitution and laws of the United States.
Before they are thus reorganized,and until Con-
gress recognizes them as States and admits their
Senators and Representathes, the governing
power heretofore lodged in (hem as political or-
ganizations, having by their acts of treason and
rebellion lapsed, remains in the people of the
States which are faithful to tho national Consti-
tution.
