im
THE, CON&E-BSSIOmiL GrLOBB.
March SO,
When I first advanced this theory, in 1861, and
again by the bill introduced by me, in M'ar&h,
1862, professedly loyal editors were not wanting
in my own State who were sonarrow-visiohedas
to charge me with indorsing the doctrine bf'sg-
c^ssion, Indeed, the minority of liny own conj-
nji.ttee submitted, tw,q_r§Rorts to .this Sou3e at th^
first regular session of the last Congress,'making
substantially the same charge. It might be both
amusing and instructive at this time to review
those reports, did time permit* 1 ask, gentle-
men if there "can be any greater contrast between
the doctrine of secession and that which I then
cJairoed,,anfi now claim as rightfully belonging
to the supreme sovereign power of the nation. 1
held then, and hold now., that, th.e Government
of the United States has the constitutional'right
to maintain its authority over, every State in de-
fiance of State sece.ssion and.State rebellion. The
object of the bill introduced by me morq tha,n two
y,ears ago was.toaidin enforcing this right. That
is the object of the bill now before us. Gentle-
men who can discover in this a recognition of the
right of secession are evidently remarkable logi-
cians and should be known at once to the great
masters, in order that their names may be em-
balmed with those who " were not born to die."
The leading ideas embodied in the bill reported
by me from the Committee on Territories, in the
last Congress, and at which many gentlemen on
the other side professed to be so greatly shocked,
have all been adopted, as they know, as part of
the policy of the Government. Even the libera-
tion of millions of slaves by proclamation has
been accomplished, and many of these liberated
slaves have had the plantations of their reljel mas-
ters given to them for homesteads, in accordance
with the policy indicated in that bill, and yet,
the nation "still lives."
The national Government not only lively but
it is powerful enough to put down the rebellion
and these rebel State governments. Having done
this, it will doubtless find constitutional power to
prescribe such conditions as shall keep them down
and maintain its supreme authority over every
citizen and every foot of the national territory,
until such time as the loyal citizens of each State
shall reconstruct new Slate governments, with
republican constitutions, and they shall have been
recognized by Congress.
I might fortify my position still further, if it
were necessary, by snowing tlmt both the execu-
tive and legiplative branches of the Government
have by their repeated acts recognized the fact
that tlie old constitutional State governments were
destroyed or had been abolished in all the so-
called seceded States. There are many clever
theories on this subject; one is that these Stale
constitutions and governments still exist, not-
withstanding they- have been abolished by the
aclion of their citizens and the new State govern-
ments are at war with the national Government.
This legal crotchet possesses the minds of some
gentlemen, who insist that the old constitutions
and governments still remain because the action
of the majority is illegal, and therefore null and
vo'?' . r^"'> t'1's ' interpose the stern fact that a
majority of the legal electc#8 have abolished their
State governments, and that there are no Gov-
ernors, judges, or legislators recognized by the
national Constitution in those States; that, there-
fore, those States, as political organizations, are
dead. Gentlemen may parade before us the ghosts
of these dead Stales, and call them living and pal-
pable, but they are no more States with consti-
tutions and laws which can be recognized by Con-
gress than the-artificial ghosts which are used to
illustrate the drama are the ghosts of departed
Saints or sinners. The State organization, with
its Governors, judges, and legislatois, and'its
written constitution, is gone. Philosophically
speaking, perhaps, as Mr. Brownson suggests in
the January number of his Quarterly, there must
be, with every people sufficiently numerous and
Intelligent to maintain a republican Government,
an unwritten before there can be a written con-
stitution, and in this sense a constitution may be
said to exist in every State. But all the rebel
States have written constitutions. They may not
now faithfully reflect the unwritten constitution
of the people in the rebel States. We shall see
how that is when they come to act under the pro-
visions of tins bill in reorganizing their State gov-
ernments and making another written constitu-
tion. • If the action of the constituted authorities
of the" rebel States, sustained by a majority of
their electors in abolishing their State constitu-
tions and governments, has not changed the legal
relations of these States to the United States, then,
the national Government has no legal cause of
complaint against these States. The fact is., how-,
ever, despite all theories, that the constitutional
relations of these States to the national Govern-,
ment are changed, and there is not a day passes
in which this stern ftict is not in some way ac-
knowledged* by every department and officer of
the Governments
I need not elaborate the fifth proposition. It
will not be .denied that the majority of the legal
electors of a State may refuse to maintain a State
government, that they may refuse to send Sena-
tors and Representatives to Congress, and may
prohibit the minority from exercising the func-
tions of a State government by abolishing the
State constitution, by refusing themselves to es-
tablish, or to permit others to establish, another
in its s.tead, The Government of the United
States cannot compel tlie people of a State against
their wishes to maintain and perform the func-
tions of a State government under the Constitu-
tion. Thoy cannot compel the people of a State
to send Senators and Representatives to the na-
tional Congress; and the only alternative left to
the Government of the United States, when State
constitutions are aholislied, or the people refuse
to maintain State governments subject to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, is for Con-
gress, representing the supreme sovereignty of
the nation, to provide by law for the protection of
the lives ahd property of its citizens, and for gov-
erning the territory formerly within the local juris-
diction of the State until such time as a constitu-
tional State government can be formed and recog-
nized by Congress. Arid here, sir, I dismiss this
part of my subject.
Mr. Speaker, 1 do not claim that this bill is per-
fect. Under the circumstances, however, 1 be-
lieve it is the best we can get. I do not think it
safe beyond question to authorize the organiza-
tion .of State governments when only one tenth of
the electors are loyal to the United States. I ad-
mit that this provision w.as in the hill introduced
by me in the early part of the present session. I
incorporated it in the bill to make it harmonize
with the President's suggestion, and not because
it had the sanction of my own judgment. As a
member of the committee charged with the sub-
ject of providing for the reorganization of consti-
tutional State governments by the loyal citizens
in the rebel States, 1 have soughfto secure the best
bill I possibly could. It is not all I could desne,
and I do not intend to offer any amendments to
it, but if an amendment is offeied increasing the
number of loyal electors required to organize a
State government, I shall feel obliged to vote for
it. I believe the democratic idea the better one,
that the majority and not the minority ought to
be invested with the organization and government
of a State, Certainly it is safei to intrust a State
government to the maintenance of a majority than
to one tenth claiming to be loyal while nine tenths
are openly disloyal.
In answer to many objections which have been
urged by distinguished gentlemen who have writ-
ten me on the subject of the ten per cent, basis,
I will say that the loyal one tenth are to represent
all the inhabitants, loyal and disloyal, in the State;
that representation in Congress is not based upon
the number of electors or loyal citizens in any
State, but upon the whole number of inhabitants.
Formerly in the South, three fifths of all the slaves
were included in their enumeration. Since the
emancipation of the slaves, the three fifths rep-
resentation clause in the Constitution is practi;
cally abolished, and each emancipated slave will
hereafter be enumerated as an inhabitant. So that
there is no injustice to the North in allowing the
old representation in Congress from the rebel
States. That partof the population known as the
two fifths free and slave, not counted in the enu-
meration, will now be added, and two fifths of
four millions will probably exceed the number of
whites killed or diiven from the southern States.
If we should undeitake to apportion Represent-
atives m Congress from the several States upon
the number of loyal electois, we should find, I
fear, a number of districts in the North quite as
disloyal as many in the South.
I believe that the safety of the Government
and justice to loyal men defnand that we should
put the entire authority, of reconstructing_ new
State governments in the rebel States into_ the
hands of loyal men and none others. If it is
deemed- safe to.(ntrugt,tpn per cent, of the^number
of electors ir>,each State,in 1860 with this power
and'responsibility, so be it. If we invest them
with this povi?er, the.y must represent at the ballot-
box, and in all theoffices, State and national, the.
entire population of those States, loyal and dis-
loyal,_including all the colored inhabitants.
There are some other points in the bill, which
I am prevented from noticing for want of time.
Mr. Speaker, if we would avoid all possible
complications, and the danger of another con-
spiracy and rebellion, let us provide, before this
Congress adjourns, by law, for the reestablish-
ment of republican gqvernments by the loyal cit-
izens in the rebel States. A subject of so much
importance must not be left to the caprice or
whim of a military commander.
Mr. Speaker, suppose the doctrine be adopted
that "a State once a State is always a State,"
and'that a small minority claiming to be loyal
may at any time and in any part of a State oc-
cupied by our forces call a mass convention of
those favorable to organizing a new State govern-
ment, and when the convention is assembled it
selects a Governor and State officers, and au-
thorizes them to assume the functions of a State
government either under the old constitution, as
was done in Virginia, or under a constitution
proclaimed by martial law,as was recently done
in Louisiana, and that the Governor thus chosen
proceeds to issue his proclamation for the elec-
tion of a Legislature, and members thereof, in
pursuance of said proclamation, are elected in
some half dozen counties of the State, and con-
vene and organize as the Legislature of the State
and frame a law apportioning the State into con-
gressional districts, and elect two United States
Senators, and appoint a day upon which Repre-
sentatives are elected to Congress, and send their
electoral vote here for President and Vice Presi-
dent next winter, what action would this House
take upon such a condition of things? If five or
six or more of the rebel States in which we have
a military force should by the action of a few hun-
dred men to thus organize and send their electoral
vote here, and claim,as they would, that it should
be counted, would this House consent to it? Sup-
pose the electoral vote thus sent here should
change the resultof the-presidential election,and
if counted elect a President in sympathy with the
rebels; or suppose there were three presidential
candidates before the people, and that the votes
of these assumed State organizations are so cast
as to defeat an election by the people, and make
it necessary for the House to select the President,
do not gentlemen know that the excitement which
attends such a contingency would exceed in vio-
lence anything ever witnessed in this country,
and that it might terminate in another rebellion ?
Are not gentlemen apprehensive that the con-
spirators of the South, driven to desperation, may
undertake to accomplish their purpose by some
such sc+ieme as this? And is not our present un-
guarded and loose manner of reorganizing the
rebel States well calculated to invite the rebels to
just such an effort as I have suggested ? I frankly
confess that 1 am not entirely free from appre-
hension.
Gentlemen may reply that we have a majority
of the States as now represented in Congress, and
that therefore there can be no danger. Tu this I
rejtSin that every State so reorganized will have
its Senators and Representatives here next win-
ter demanding admission, and if the executive
department of the Government has " recognized
them as the true government of the State," there
will be danger that a majority of this House
would vote to admit them as members, as they
did in the last Congress. I desire, therefore, to
guard against any possible contingency of the
kind now. If we pass this bill, such a conspiracy
cannot possibly succeed.
I think I may safely speak for a large majority
on this side of the House, when I declare that
never, by their authority pr consent, will a single
electoral vote from any lebpl State for President
or Vice President be counted in this Hall until
that State shall have reorganized a State govern-
ment, republican in form, and it has been reeog-
