310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
shall be a Hen in favor of tlie United States upon all the
real and poi-mml pirate of the owner of such spirit13! or cot-
ton, ami to bo enfotced in the *ame manner as i? provided
in the case of manulactuiers that neglect or refuse to pay
the duties provided by the act to winch tins is in addition:.
Provided, That the additional duty of one and a half cents
p< r pound shall be levied upon cotton sold by the United
States pie\ious« to the passage of this act, and on which the
duty ot one half of one cent per pound has been paid; and
upon all cotton so sold on which no duty has been paid a
duty ot two cents pci pound shall be assessed and collected.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.HOLMAN moved to amend by adding the
following as an additional section:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That there shall lx;
levied, collected, and paid oil all manufactures of cotton,
wool, silk, worsted, flax, hemp, jute, India rubber, gntta
perelm, wood, willow, glass, pottery ware, leather, paper,
iron, steel, lead, tin,copper, zinc, brass, gold,silvei,horn,
ivory, hone, bristle-', wholly oi in pair, (or of any other
mateital not otherwise provided for by .^Ei^ttni? law,) on
hand and forsaleon the 12tiuUj of January, 1864, or which
may be herealiei manufactured for sale, a duly of five per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That the manufactures above
enumerated on which the duty imposed by existing laws
have been p;ud shall only be subject to the'additional duty
provided for by this act.
On all crude petroleum on hand and for sale on the 12th
day of January, 1864, or which shall hereafter be removed
for consumption, refinement, or hale, there shall be levied,
collected, and paid a duty of ten cents on each and every
gallon thereof.
On coal tllmniriatin«r oil, refined,•produced by the distil-
lation of coal, asphaltum, r-hole, peat, petroleum, or reek
oil, and all other bituminous substanecs u^ed for like pur-
po>es, theie shail be levied, collected, and paid a duty Of
twenty cents per gallon: Ptovided, That coal illuminating
oil on which a duty has been paid undei existing laws "-hall
only paj' the additional duty thereon imposed by this aet.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe debute is in order
upon a new section ?
The CHAIRMAN. All debate has been cut
off by order (if the House.
Mr. HOOPER. By unanimous consent, I de-
sire to ask the gentleman one question. I desire
to know if he mu.mt to change the present duty
upon manufactured lobucco fiom ten cents per
pound to five cents?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust I may bo permitted
to answer by saying that the amendment offered
has no lefeienre whatever to the tobacco ques-
tion. It was deemed more fair that that should
eoine under consideration with other subjects of
a sunilai character which the Committee of Ways
and M'ians may hereafter report upon. The only
effect of the amendment is to increase the duty
on manufactures from three to five per cent.
Air. WADS W0111'H. 1 rise to a question of
order. AM debate was cut ofi'by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman was pro-
ceeding by unanimous consent, noobjeetioi) being
made.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 raise the point oforder
that the committee cannot give unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WADSWORTIl. Mvpoint of order ex-
tends further than llmt: it i.s that the amendment
mil odueeH a new subject entruiy into the Com-
mittee of the Whole; and under the order of the
House, cutting oil" ail debate upon whisky and
cotton, it is not fair to the committee to take the
gentlemen of the committee by suipriso. Also,
that the amendment is not "eimane to the bill.
The CH AIRM AN. The Chair oven nies the
point of order of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. STEVENS. May 1 ask the gentleman
J'iom Indiana to withdraw his amendment, and
not embarrass the lull, as the committee will pre-
sent the fuhject in another hid, upon which the
Committee of the Whole will have an opportunity
to discuss this matter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw it if the
committee intend to report upon these matters m
another bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cox repotted that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and particularly
bill of the House No. 1;22, to increase the internal
revenue, and for other purposes, and had directed
him to report the same to the House withsundry
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will offer a substitute for
the whole bill, and then move to adjourn, so that
gentlemen may have an opportunity to examine
the substitute before coming to a vote upon it.
I move to strike outall after the enacting clause,
and insert what I send to the Clerk's desk, and
upon that I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
substitute will be read,so that we may see whether
it is in conformity with the action of the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I was going to move an ad-
journment, so that gentlemen might seethe amend-
ment. What effect will an ad journment now have ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will come up to-mor-
row morning the first thing. The amendments
reported by the Committee of the Whole House
will first have to bo voted on before the substitute
can be presented for the action of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. But will the whole subject
come up in the morning under the demand for the
previous question?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as unfinished
business.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the demand for the
previous question?
The SPEAKER. Either with or without it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that thg bill as
amended by the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and also the substitute now
reported by me, be ordered to be printed.
It was so oidered.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
halfpastfouro'clock,p. m.,) the House adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 22, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock,m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT OF A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER announced that, under the rule
of the House adopted yesterday, he had appointed
the following members of the standing Commit-
tee on i\ Uniform System of Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, namely: Mr. J oiikt A. Kasson of Iowa,
Mr. Robeut C. Sciienck of Ohio, l\lr. CnAitLEs
11. WiNi-n;i.n of NewYork, Mr. Thomas Wil-
liams of Pennsylvania, and Mr. Henry Gridek
of Kentucky.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN moved thatwhen the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the consideration of bill of the House No.
122, to increase the internal revenue and for other
purposes, reported yesterday from the Committee
of i he Whole on the state of the Union with vaiious
amendments. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Sti:\t.n*s] offered a substitute for the bill,
and demanded the pieviou^ question.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on that motion. That will
answer the same purpose as a call of the House.
We merely desire to get the members in before
the vote js taken on this question.
The yeas  and nays were ordered.
Tire question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 32; as follows:
VI1AP—Mmh. Alloy, Allison, Ann's, Andcr-ou, Ar-
nold. A-hlev, John I). IJaldwrn. I>a\tet. Boaman, Elaine,
Jacob E. Blair, JJh^, Blow, Boutwell. Boyd, lirooirrall,
Jatm'- ^ Blown, William G. Brown, Chauh'i, Ainbio.-o
\V. (lark, Fireman I'Jnrke, Cobb, Cole, C're^wl'll, Iieniy
Wint'-r Davis, Davvcf, Daw-on, Di\on, Donnelly, Dries-*,
Kckley, lklpeiton, Eliot, Fenton, Fmck, Frank, (Joochj
Gnnnell, Gu*wold, H< le, HaJI, Heitick, Iltjrby, Hooper,
A^ihel W. Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, lluibmd, Jenckes,
Julian, lvas-on, Orlando Kciloiijr, Lazear,Le Blond,Loan,
Lone, Lon<!w ar,McClurtf.Mcljmvell. Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amo*? Myer<, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
son, Perhnm, Perry, Pi ice, William IL Randal], Alexander
II. Rice, John II. Rico, Robmson, Edward II. Rolling Boss,
fcjcofield, ^cott, Sniitb, t^mithers, ►Spalding, Stebbrn.-, i^te-
ven-,, Ttmyer, Thom.e*, Traev, Up-un, Van Valkenbmgh,
Eiihu B. Washbiune, William B. WnshhuiiijVVhaley, Chil-
ton A. White, Joseph VV. White, Williams. Wilson, Win-
doin, \V infield, Fernando Wood, and Wood budge—
NAYS—Mes.st:>. J;u>>cs C. Allen, William J Allen, An-
eona,Baily, Augusta-(J. Baldwin, 1-oftroth,Craven-), Dou-
nibOfi, Eidndge, Gannon, Hauling, Harrington, Benjamin
G. Harris. Holmnn, William Johnson. Kalbfieisch, Ker-
nan, Malloiy, McKumey, Jairx^ 31. Morris, Mom>on,
Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, {Shan-
non, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, fcStrles, Sweat,
Voorhees, and Wheeler—32.
So it was ordered that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. WILSON. A quorum being present, I
move that all further proceedings in the call be dis-
pensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
seconding the demand for the previous question
on the internal revenue bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] cannot
be pending while the amendments reported by the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union
are undisposed of.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will be in
abeyance until the amendments of the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union are dis-
posed of, as the Chair stated last evening. If the
previous question be sustained, the first question
will be upon concurring with the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union in their
amendments, and then upon the substitute.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire whether the substitute proposed by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
was from the Committee of Ways and Means, or
whether it was his own?
Mr. STEVENS. It was from thfe Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the question will be first on concurring in the
amendments reported by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And after
those amendments are concurred in or rejected,
then the question will be upon the bill offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER stated that the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union would be read over, that
a separate vote would be taken on such as gen-
tlemen might desire separate votes upon,-and that
then the vote would bo taken in gross on those
amendments on which no separate votes were
demanded.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union were lead
by the Clerk; and those on which separate votes
were demanded were reserved.
Mi. STEVENS demanded a separate vote on
the third amendment.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD demanded a sepa-
rate vote on the fourth amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, demanded a sep-
arate vote on the fifth amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded a separate vote on
the eighth amendment.
The SPEAKER put the question on agreeing
to the amendments on which no separate votes
were asked, and announced that they were not
agreed to; only five members voting hi the affirm-
ative, and no further count being demanded.
Mr. STEVENS. Did I understand the Chair
to say that no motion to reconsider could be made*
The SPEAKER. After the previous question
is sustained, no motion to reconsider can be voted
on until after the previous question is exhausted.
The amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union on which no
separate vote was demanded have been non-con-
curred in by the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Is nota motion to reconsider
that vote open now?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been sustained.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly a majority of a
quorum did not vote.
The SPEAKER, (after a short interval of time.)
The Chair will correct its decision. The previous
question cannot be recbnsidered, but a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the amendments
wereujected may be made, buioannotbe debated.
