3308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
who is really for this Government. I have yet
to see one.
How is it with the North ? I know that when
the firing took place upon Sumter, when the peo-
ple rose in their majesty, there were men in the
country who bowed to the storm, bowed to the
current; but, sir, at the first opportunity, and
even before your confiscation bill or your emanci-
pation proclamation,they were everywhere in their
party lines, under their party flags; and when the
emancipation proclamation was issued to the
country these very men had taken almost all the
States of the North under their control. That
emancipation proclamation had hardly gone to
the country before the people began to compre-
hend it and to understand it. They rose in their
majesty, and they hold to-day the control of al-
most every free State of this Union. They are
stronger to-day for this policy in every State of
the Union; and I say here now there is not a loyal
State in this Union where naked, raw abolition-
ism is not stronger than any political party in that
State. The Republican party or the Union party
in no portion of the country is so strong to-day
as is the anti-slavery party ; and the men who
march square Up to that policy are the men who
will guide, direct, and control, and be supported
by the people.
I tell Senators that such speeches as we have
listened to on this floor to-day, accompanied by
threats and predictions of what is to take place,
will strengthen Abraham Lincoln more than any
speeches that could have been made by gentlemen
on this side of the Chamber. I thank the Senators
for making them. I tell them further that in my
judgment this political question is settled. When
slavery has plunged this nation into the fire and
blood of civil war, and filled tens and tens of
thousands of graves, and a great party of this
country straps slavery to its back, as the Demo-
cratic party has done by its vote in the House of
Representatives on the constitutional amendment,
and undertakes to stagger under the load in the
blazing light of this day, when the flashes from
the battle-fields are upon it, they will find they
aie carrying a load that no human power can carry
to victory. That vote settled the result of the
presidential election.
But, sir, I do riot wish to enter into that sub-
ject. I am tired of this talk about the policy of
emancipation being a policy that has weakened
this country. It has strengthened us on every
square rood of God'a green earth. There is not
a country in Christendom whereour cause is not
stronger fur it;in England, France, Europe, every-
where all over the globe as well as at home. We
are stronger with the people; we have befriending
us the mighty moral influences of the universe,
and, we believe, the blessingof Almighty God, be-
cause we have put ourselves right, and we are cer-
tain to triumph. I entertain not a doubtabout it.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. COWAN. 1 hope the Senator will allow
me to say a word.
Mr. HALE, Yes, I have no doubt about it.
[Laughter.] I got the floor about two hours ago
to say a word or two, but the whole talk with
my fi lend from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and my
friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson)—I do
not know whether my friend from Pennsylvania
joined with them—was, " Let us have a vote, let
us have a vote." In obedience to that universal
expression of opinion I sat down, expecting a
vote; but I found that the fair rendering of the
question was, " Oh, Hale, you sit down; let me
talk." [Laughter.] And thereupon I believe about
everybody who asked me to sit down has made
a long speech; and the Senator from Massachu-
setts 
Mr. WILSON. I did not ask you.
Mr. HALE. Yes, you did.
Mr. COWAN. Nor I.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Massachusetts
evinced the sincerity of his purpose by getting
up to take a voie, whereupon he made a long
h| Mr^HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Air. HALE. I shall not give way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ask whether
the Senator will not moke his speech to-morrow.
We will listen to him with pleasure then.
Mr. HALE. I would rather make it to-night,
anil I will tell you why. I have taken a comfort-
able nap while these gentlemen weie talking, and i
I am now ready to talk. [Laughter.] I do not
want to say a great deal; but I have heard more
nonsense upon this simple clause of the Consti-
tution which I propose to read than I thought it
was in the power of human ingenuity to gather
together upon any one subject; and that clause
is this:
" The Congress shall lmve power to declare tlie punish-
ment of tre;isons butattainder of troason shall work cor-
ruption of blood, or foifeituie except during the lite of the
person attainted."
My friend from Pennsylvania is a man, what-
ever may be said of his politics, of remarkably
clear intellect; and where he has not suffered his
intellect to be led away by the absurdities of
black-letter English law, I have no doubt is a
good lawyer; but, sir, there is a natural delusion
upon this subject. We are in more absolute de-
pendence to-day upon Great Britain than we were
before the Revolution of 1776. We have got all
the offensive and odious provisions of her con-
stitution fastened upon us. This idea of the in-
dependence of the judiciary, and that there must
be a life-tenure to our judicial officers, is an inher-
itance from England that we cannot get rid of;
and the same is true—it is not declared in express
terms, but is practically so—making a life-tenure
in our officers in the Army and the Navy. That
is another of those sad inheritances that come
down to us from the original sin of our ancestors
being born under the monarch of Great Britain.
Notwithstanding our fathers gave utterance to
some of the sublimest truths that ever fell from
human lips in the Declaration of Independence,
we have not begun to act upon the first principles,
the first elements of the doctrines which they
enunciated.
My friend from Pennsylvania has confounded
two tilings that are as different as it is possible
for two things to be. The one is, what the sov-
ereign power of the United States may do, and
the other is what it has delegated to its courts to
declare. The Constitution of the United States,
in the clause 1 have read, does not undertake to
limit nor measure nor control in the slightest'
degree what the sovereign power of the nation
may do, but it simply declares what the sovereign
power has delegated to its courts to do, and it
says that " no attainder of treason," that is, an
attainder of treason judicially declared, " shall
work corruption of blood, or forfeiture except
during the life of the person attainted." Instead
of that measuring the sovereignty, it measures
what the sovereignty has delegated to the courts;
and yet the American mind has got so befogged
by English precedents that it does not construe
that right either. There was a great struggle in
England on this subject, where the Government
was oppressive, and convictions of treason were
easily obtained, and for very trifles. The human-
ity of the English heart, working thfough acts
of Parliament, was constantly ameliorating that,
and introducing provisions tending to restrain the
ferocity of such judges as Jeffries.
Now, take the proposition we have before us.
What do we find all over the country? I was at
a clam-bake at Newport a few years ago; and,
by the way, had a very pleasant time. I see that
my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. Sprague]
has gone. But what did I see m that beautiful
city of Newport besides the clam-bake? By the
way, I was induced to go to the clam-bake because
I thought of all the festive occasions that could
ever be got up eating clams was one that could be
done without making a speech, but I was mis-
taken. [Laughter.] A long speech was a part
of the entertainment of the clam-bake. Well, sir,
at that time when I was in Newport I saw some
of the most magnificent residences, spacious and
large, evidently the production of great wealth
and taste in the town of Newport, and I inquired
who lived there, who owned such a house; and
they told me it was a traitor or rebel in Georgia,
another one in another State, another one in an-
other State; and 1 found that a very large portion
of that beautiful city of Newport was owned by
traitors in arms against this Government, and I
presume it is to this day; and I do not believe
there has been one of them confiscated or touched.
Probably they rent higher than they used to do,
for Newport is becoming more fashionable every
day, and the fashionable people that go to New-
post—my fuend from New Yoilt, [Mr. Morgan,]
with his gieat wealth, when he has uceasion togo I
there and spend it very probably hires a cottage
or a house or palace, and pays the rent which
goes to fight his own country, because we have
not confiscated them. This corruption of blood
and attainder and these hard words that are in
this clause that I have read have frightened the
officiajs of the United States from carrying into
execution the plainest provisions of the law that
we have made, and they not only will not con-
fiscate this property, but they will not take it
during the man's natural life, and there it is. I
presume what is true of Newport is true of the
country all ovpr.
The argument of humanity of the Senator from
Pennsylvania goes just exactly as hard against
confiscating the life estate as against confiscating
the whole. The question of humanity is just as
much valid in the one case as in the other. If we
have no right to take the property and take the fee,
we have no right to take the use of it—not the
slightest. Now,sir,whatisthisright? Itseems
to have been considered by most of the gentle-
men who have addressed the Senate that all the
powers this nation has got it gets under the Con-
stitution. No such thing, sir. If that were the
case we should be in the condition of the Epis-
cupal minister who was called upon to pray with
a man who had been gored by a bull. He turned
the prayer-book over and over from end to end
and found no prayer for a man gored by a bull,
and he told the man he could not pray for him,
as there was nothing of that sort in the prayer-
book. [Laughter.] Justso itis here. We sup-
pose that all the powers that this nation has got
are prescribed in the Constitution. Have we no
necessary powers as a nation, as a sovereignty,
for our own preservation, and must we have a
form prescribed for us before we can move? Can
we not pray unless there is a set form given ua,
and all the circumstances set out? Why, sir, in
my humble judgment, and I speak it with great
deference to the wiser men around me, a more
absurd and nonsensical proposition never was
uttered. I tell you, sir, there are hardly any of
the powers of this nation to be found in this Con-
stitution. This Constitution is a covenant or
agreement among the different members of the
Confederacy to constitute them as one people,and
telling how the power shall be exercised.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me one moment.
Mr. HALE. To-morrow morning, not to-
night. This doctrine that we cannot take the es-
tates of rebels, that we cannot confiscate them,
would result in this absurdity: take for instance
these handsome estates in Newport; their own-
ers are fighting against us, taking their rents to
arm armies to destroy the nation, overthrow our
liberties, and ruin the country; and according to
this doctrine we must preserve their estates, see
that the tenants do not commit waste upon them,
hold them safe, not touch them, and if by and by
the rebellion should happen to be over and the
country should be saved, we must institute a com-
mission to roam anywhere and everywhere to find
out where are the descendants of these traitors,
that they may come and take this property and
hold and enjoy it, and we must not exercise this
power because there is no such case as this ex-
actly put down in the Constitution. That is what
this doctrine would lead to.
Mr. President, the Constitution never contem-
plated such a time, such an occasion, such cir-
cumstances as we are now living in. Instead of
consulting the precedents of a dead past for wis-
dom to guide us in contingencies which they
never thought of, we ought to be making prece-
dents to guide our children incoming generations
for just such a time as this if it should ever come
again.- We ought to see, to meet, to understand
and appreciate our condition, and when an emer-
gency occurs consult common sense clear and
plain, instead of hunting in the musty folios of
the dead past to gather wisdom for a state of
things that the dead past never dreamed of.
I heard a great deal said on this subject when it
was up before; and when weundertook to legislate
in regard to the manner in which this war should be
carried on, I believe my learned friend from Penn-
sylvania,as well as someothergentlemen not now
members of the Senate, undertook to limit the
powers of Congress in that respect, because the
Constitution said the President should be Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and JNavy. So he
is. How much authority does that confer upon
