1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
Mr. STEVENS, Then I move to reconsider
the vote just taken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay that motion on the table,
Mr. STEYENS. If I understand it, all the
amendments except those on which separate votes
were asked have oeen rejected.
The SPEAKER, The House considered the
amendments in gross as one amendment, and they
were non-concurred in. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania now moves to reconsider the vote
by which they were rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider simply
that the House may vote intelligently. I ask the
Speaker by what vote did the House non-concur?
The SPE AICER. There were five votes in the
affirmative, and no further count being insisted on,
the noes had it.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think that that vote
ought to "carry.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider; and it was agreed to.
So the vote by which the amendments were re-
jected was reconsidered.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ments; on which no separate vote was demanded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, asked
for a separate vote on the seventh amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, demanded sepa-
rate Votes on the first and second amendments.
Mr. BOUTWELL. If it is not too late, I de-
mand a separate vote on each amendment.
TheSPEAKER. Itisnottoo late. The amend-
ments will be voted on in detail.
First and second amendments:
On line twelve,aftertheword "on" Insert 4'the interest
of ail persons in default in," and after the word il and" in-
sert the word "in;" so that it will read:
Said duty shall be a lien and charge on such spirits, and
also on the interest of all persons in default in the distillery
used for distilling the same, with all the stilly vessels, fix-
tures,and toolstherein,andinthelotor tractofland where-
on the said distillery is situated, until the said duty shall be
paid.
The amendments were severally agreed to.
Third amendment:
Insert the following:
And all whisky or any other Fpuits, on being rectified or
mixed with any other spirit or fluid whatever, or into which
any matter whatever may he infused, and to be sold as
whisky, brandy, rum, gin, wine, or by any other name, and
not otherwise provided for by this act or the act to which
it is amendatory, shall pay an additional tax of twenty cents
per gallon: Provided.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to offer an amendment changing the
twenty cents into a dollar, so as to prevent liquor
being adulterated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 92, noes 34.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
Strikeout the following: u Provided farther. That all
founts distilled since the 31st d.iy of August, 186*2, on hand
for sale, or letnoved for consumption or sale, upon which
no duties have been paid or collected, or upon which no
returns huvo been made, whether distilled pnoi to the date
of this, act oi not, -shall be subjcct to the lates of duty pro-
vided by this act from andaltei the 12th day of January,
1864," and inseit m lieu theieof the following:
Provided further Thatall spirit-son hand for sale, whether
distilled prior to the date of this act or not, shall be subject
to the lates of duty pfovided by this act fiom and after the
12th day ot Januaiy, 1864; except that spuit- which have
been already taxed under the law approved July 1,1862,
shall not bear moie than the additional oi increased tax
pjovitted tor by tins act.
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask whether it is not compe-
tent to have the amendment divided, so as to have
the vote first taken on the part to be stiioken out?
The SPEAKER. It is not, it being reported
as one amendment by the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
tl afHimative—yeas 1)7, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Francis P. Blair, Boyd, Bran-
degee, James S. Brown, William G. Biown, Chanier, Am-
brose YV. Clark, Clay, Coffroth, Cole, Creswell, Dawes,
Dcming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, fiden, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Ganson, Garfield, Gooch,GriuneIl, Griswold,
Hale, Ilall, Harding, Harrington, Herrick, Higby, Ifotch-
kiss, Asaliel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Ilulbuid,
Hutchias, Jenckos, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kasson,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Reman, Le Blond,
Loan, Longyear, Mallory, Marvin, McClurg, Samuel F.
Miller, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Norton,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, Perham, Pike. Price, Radford, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice, Ross,
Scofield, Scott, Smith, Spalding, Stcbblns, John 13. Steele,
Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Wadsworth, Elilm B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, YVhalcy, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilson, Windom,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell, Brooks,
Bioomall, Freeman Claike, Cobb, Cravens, Ilemy Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Denmson, Edgerton,
Eldridge, Fenton, Finck, Frank. Holman, Hooper, Knapp,
Lazear, Long, McDowell. McKinncy, William H. Miller,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noble,
John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pendleton, Perry, Pomeroy,
Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins,
Schenck, Shannon, Smithcrs, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles, Van Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Ward, Wheeler, Win-
field, anil Woodbridge—57.
So the amendment was conrurredin.
During the vote.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Loyejoy, was confined to his
room by indisposition.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD moved to rcconsidcr
the vote by which the amendment was concurred
in; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
After these words: ''And the proceeding* to enforce said
forfeiture shall be in the natuie ot a proceeding in rem in
the circuit or district court of the United StatesYoi thedis-
tuct where such seizure is made, ui in any other court of
competent juusdietion; and any person who shall have in
his custody or possession any such spirits or other articles,
subject to duty as aforesaid, tor the puipose oi selling the
same with the design of avoiding paj nient of the duties im-
posed thereon, shall be liable to a penalty of $500, oi not less
than double the amount of duties fiaudulenilyattemptrd to
be evaded, to he recovered a«< other penalties piovided by
the act heietoforo mentioned," add the following :
One half of which shall be awaided,and, upon tccovcry,
paid to the informer.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agiecdto.
Mr. BOUTWELL asked the unanimous con-
sent to insert after the word <{ recovered," in the
same paragraph, the words u and applied."
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
Sixth amendment:
Strike out the following:
" Skc. 3. Jlnd be it further pnarfed. That all distilled spii its
upon which an excise duty is imposed by law may be ex-
poi ted without payment of said duty, and when the same
is intended for exportation may be removed without being
charged with duty, if tiausported diiecily fiom the distillery
or bonded warehouse, under such rules and regulations, and
upon the execution oi such ti(importation or other bonds,
as the Secretary of the Treasiny may preseiibe ; said bonds
to he taken by the collector of internal revenue of the dis-
trict in which such di-tilleries oi bonded warehouses may
be situated to a bonded warehouse ai uny port of entry of the
United States—said warehouse at the poit of entry to be
established in contormity with the law nnd Tieasury i emu-
lations, and to boused exclusively toi the stoiapeofdistdled
spirits—and to be plnood in charge of a ptoper officer of the
customs, who, togethei with the owner and propu'etoi ofthe
warehouse, shall have the joint custody of all the distilled
spirits stored in said waiehouse ; and all the labor on the
goods so stored shall be performed by the owner or piopne-
tor ol the warehouse, undei the supervision of the officer of
the customs in charge of the fame, at the expense ot the
said owner or proprietor, and shall also be subject to the
same rules and regulations, and bechaigeable with the same
co-ts and expenses, in ail respects, as other goods may be
subject to that are deposited in public store for exportation
from the United States; and no drawback shall in any case
be allowed on any distilled spmts upon whieh an excise
duty has been paid either before or after it has been piaced
in bonded warehouse as aforesaid,1' and in heu thereof in-
sert as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind beitfurther enacted, Thatall distilled spirits i j
upon wluch an excise duty i~> imposed by law may be ex-
ported without payment of said duty, and, when the same
is intended for exportation, may. without being charged
with duty, be removed undet PU'.h rules and regulations
and upon the execution ot such transportation bonds or
other security a-> the Secretary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe; said bonds or other security to be taken bythe col-
lector of internal revenue of the district from which such
removal is made: Provided, That the said spirits shall he
transposed diiectly fiom the distilleiy or a bonded ware-
house t^ a bonded warehouse established in conformity
with the law and Treasury regulations, ata port of entry of
the United States, and used for the stoiage of distilled spir-
its; and to be placed in charge of a proper oliicer of the
customs, who, together with the owner and proprietor oi
the warehouse, shall have the joint custody of all the dis-
tilled spirits stored in said warehouse. And all the labor
on the goods so stored shall be performed-by the owner or
proprietor of the warehouse, under the supervision ofthe
oiiicer of the customs in charge of the same, and at the.ex-
pense of the said owner or proprietor; and the said spirits
shall also he subject to the same rules and regulations,and
he chargeable with the same costs and expenses, in all re-
spects, to which other goods that are deposited in public
store for exportation from the United States may be subject.
And no drawback shall in any case be allowed on any dis-
tilled spirit upon which an excise duty shall have been paid
either bcfoie or after it shall have been placed in a bonded
warehouse as afoiesaid ; but no provision of this act shall
he constmed to repeal existing laws u hich provide that dis-
tilled spirits may be removed from the place of manufac-
ture or bonded warehouse for the purpose of being redis-
tilled for exportation, or which provides for the manufacture
for exportation of medicines, preparations, compositions,
perfumery, and cosmetics.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Add the following:
Provided, That on all cotton on which the duty of a half
cent has been paid, the additional duty of one and a half
cent shall he levied and collected: Jlnd provided further.
That nil piovisions of law, whereby cotton in the handsof
mruunacturersof cotton fabrics on October l, 18G2, and prior
thereto, is exempted from taxation, are hereby repealed, and
the same shall be subject to the rate of taxation imposed by
this bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Add as follows:
And that upon all such spirits imported prior to the pus-
!,age of this act there shall be levied, collected, and paid an
additional tax of forty cents per gallon, to he collected un-
dei the direction and according to regulations established
by the Secretary ofthe Treasury.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and naya.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tiie amendment was concurred in.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be luid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Add:
Skc. 8. Jind be it Jurther enacted, That consuls of fbr-
wign countues in the United States, who aro not citizen?
theieof. shall be, and hereby are, exempt from any income
tax imposed by the act referred to in the first section of this
act, which may he derived from their official emoluments,
or from property in ^ueh countries: Provided, That the
Governments which such consuls may represent shall ex-
tend similar exemption to consuls ot the United Suites.
The amendment was concurred in; there being,
on a division—ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
Tenth amendment:
Add:
Sro. 9. xflndbcit farther enactcd, That It shall be the duty
of the assessors and assistant asse&'.ors appointed as pro-
vided m the act to which this act is an amendment, to as-
sess the additional duties levied by this act upon oil spirits
and cottou on wluch the duty prcscubed in said act shall
have been paid or assessed at the time when this act takea
effect; and the lists theieof shall he returned to the several
collectors and the collection", made in the same manneras
in the case of monthly returns of nnmufactuies. And the
duties so assessed shall be a lien in favor of the United
States upon all the real and personal estate of the owner of
such spoils oi cotton, to ho enforced in the same manner
as I* provided in the case of manufacturers who neglector
lefusc to pay the duties provided by the aet to which this is
in addition : Provided, That the additional duty of one and
one half cent per pound shall he levied upon cotton sold by
the United States previous to the passage of this act, and
on which a duty ot one half of one cent per pound has been
paid; and upon all cotton so sold on which no duty has
been paid, a duty of two cents pei pouud shall be assessed,
and collected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The question then recurred on the folio,wing,
substitute, moved by Mr. Stlvens:
Stiike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
That, from and after the passageof this aet, in lieu of the
duty piovided for in section forty-one of an act entitled
" An act to support the Government, and to pay interest on
the public debt," approved July 1, 1862, and in addition to
duties payable for license3, theie shall be levied, collected,
and paid on all spirits i hat may be distilled aiid sold, or dis-
tilled and removed for consumption or sale, after the }£thday
of January, 1864, of fir&t proof, the duty of sixty eentson
each and every gallon ; and said-duty shall be a lien and
charge on sjch spit its, and aNo on the interest of aii per-
sons in default in the distillery used tor disliking the same,
with all thft «tills, vessels, fixtures, and toois therein, and in
the toi or tract ot land whereon the saiddist iHery is situated,
until the said duty shall be paid: Provided, That the said
