1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nized by Congress. .In other words, before one
of the so-called seceded States can be permitted
to ie*saume any part of the governing power of
the country, it must first resume its constitutional
relations to the national Government in con-
formity with and subject to the Constitution of
'the United States. The State governments which
have been overthrown or destroyed must be re-
placed by new governments, organized by the
loyal people; and these new governments can
only become constitutional governments when
thus organized and recognized by Congress.
Tins is certainly a pointabout which there ought
to be no dispute among loyal men. { lay it down
as a principle, from which we ought not to depart
and which we cannot safely yield, that this whole
question of reconstruction, whether under the war
powers or the peace powers of the Government,
is a question confided by the Constitution ex-
pressly to Congress, and not to the President or
to any general charged by liim with the execu-
tion of military orders. I desire the House and
the country to understand that by silence we sanc-
tion ev^ry assumption of doubtful constitutional
power by any department or officer of the Gov-
ernment. The dominant party in Congress ought
to remember that it is making history, and will
be held responsible in history for every dangerous
precedent established with its consent. It ought
not to be forgotten that every act of the Execu-
tive and Congress becomes a precedent, to be re-
vived hereafter, if occasion oiler, by those who
shall then be charged with tin* administiation of
the Government. I may be deemed ovei-auxious
on this subject. But, sir, I know the power of
example, and I much prefer that (lie President
and eveiy officer appointed by him shall do no
act unless clearly authorized by the Constitution
or by act of Congress.
1 piefer that before any doubtful constitutional
power is exercised by the President or any officer
of the Government the question shall be submit-
ted to Congress for its decision and advice. I
think we ought to demand the establishment of
this rule, and insist on its strict obseivance by
the President and every department of the Gov-
ernment. However ready we may be as parti-
sans to apologize for or justify the assumption of
doubtful constitutional power by those endowed
by us with authority, as a Representative I am
unwilling that the President of my own choice or
any officer of his appointment should exercise
any power which I would condemn if exercised
by a political opponent.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have the most unlimited confi-
dence in the President. His patriotism no man
can doubt who knows him as well as I do. That
he does not intend to assume any of the preroga-
tives of Congress I know. He is the last man-in
the woildwhom I would suspect of using unwar-
ranted power for personal or selfish ends. And
precisely heic is the danger. We have no fear,
because we who know him confide implicitly in
his honesty of purpose, and believe that he in-
tends every act for the public good. But we ought
not to forget, Mr. Speaker, time the precedents,
which every department of this Government are
now making, may be used hereafter by ambitious
and bad men for very different purposes. The
safe way*is the better way; and that is for every
department of the Government to keep strictly
within the limits prescribed for it by the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States. Many gen-
tlemen seem to act as though the President, during
the continuance of the war, could assume the en-
tire war power of the Government, and that our
functions as Representatives were suspended until
the close of the war, except to act ax mere re-
cording scribes. I protest against such an as-
sumption, and against that silence which might
be mu-rpieted into an assent to it. it is true that
the Piesident of the Umt( d States is made, by the
Constitution, Commander-in-Chief of the Aimy
and Navy, and m that capacity he may issue
such ordeis to the officers and men as he may
deem pu por to accomplish the military object
sough t by Congress when declaring or recognizing
war, but legally he can is-me such orders for no
olkcr purpose. In addition to ihis. every order
must be in sti ict confoi mity with those rulesand
ai tides of war, which have been or may be
enacted by Congress, or with the well-known
laws of war as lecognized by civilized nations.
The President can make no new rule or article of
war. That, sir, is a prerogative which belongs
to Congress alone. The idea which I wish to
impress upon the minds of gentlemen is this, that
Congress, by the express terms of the Constitu-
tion, is invested with the war-making power of the
nation. Whatever rules and articles of war it
adopts must be enforced-. Whatever it declares
-shall not be done, as an act of war, cannot prop-
erly be done.
The President, in time of war, is authorized to
do many acts by virtue of the power vested in him
by the Constitution as Commander-in-Chief, by
the rules and articlesof warenacted by Congress,
and by the laws of war recognized by civilized
nations, which he cannot do as a civil Chief Ma-
gistrate. As a civil Chief Magistrate he cannot
confiscate property or emancipate slaves by proc-
lamation; but in time of war, by the laws of war,
as Commander-in-Chief he may confiscate ene-
my's property and emancipate all slaves. He
may govern the country which he conquers by
martial law, until Congress shall otherwise di-
rect. But I have failed to find any power con-
ferred by the Constitution, or by the rules and
ai tides of war, or by the laws of war, authorizing
the President to establish, without the direction
of Congress, civil State governments overtoil-
quered territory, or to reorganize new State gov-
ernments, or to prescribe what kind of constitu-
tions the loyal citizens should adopt, before he will
recognize.them as States restored to the Union.
1 believe this entire power is vested by the Con-
stitution in Congress, and not in the President.
Congioss is not only the war-making but the
law-making power of the country. In time of war
and in time of peace Congress must exercise the
sovereign power of the country, or theie is no
safety for the future of this nation and for repub-
lican institutions.
Mr. Speaker, I do not object so*much to some
things which have been done, or the objects
sought to be accomplished, as 1 do tothernanner
in winch they have bt'en done. I do not intend
quietly to permit the President or any head of zi
Depaitment, or any general in charge of an army,
to assume the legislative functions of the Govern-
ment. A great question, such as the one before
us, of the organization and restoration of States
i to civil life and power, with free constitutions,
cannot safely be intrusted to any power but Con-
gress. And, sir, that is where "the Constitution
has placed it. In addition to this, sir, I object to
any effort at forestalling the action of Congress
by the military power. I object to precipitating
great civil questions of the magnitude and im-
portance of this upon the people of the rebel
States before the loyal resident citizens are pre-
pared to meet them and arc properly organized
to insure success. J object to it because, whether
the reconstructed State govermncntsare satisfac-
tory or not to the unconditional Union men of
tnose States or of Congiess, as the Representa-
tives of the nation we me placed in a position
whcie we must either r< fuse to recognize the
States so reorganized, and lccognizcd by the mil-
itary authorities in command, as the constitutional
governments of such States, or we must quietly
submit to the Assumption of authority by the mil-
itary power and by the executive department of
the Government, which belongs alone to Con-
gress.
Suppose the convention in Louisiana organize
a government obnoxious to a majority of the un-
conditional Union men of that State, and either
refuse to submit the Constitution to the loyal peo-
ple for their approval or rejection, or, if it be sub-
: m it tod it is submitted as the Kansus-Lecompton
i constitution was submitted, and the openly dis-
I loyal and pro-slavery conservative elements claim-
1 ing to be loyal are permitted to vote for it, thus
; secuiinga majority m us favor. If the general
; in command and all the departments of theGov-
- ernmcnt, except Congrtss, treat the officers of a
i State government thus organized as the cun^ti-
j tutional government, what shall Congress do?
i Submit to it and admit their Senators and Reprc-
! aenfatives, or reject them? I should like to ask
I gentlemen, if Congress should refuse to admit
; them and refuse to Recognize the ne w govei nment
; as the constitutional government of the State,
: whether the electoral vote of that State, if sent
j here, either under the old State organization or
i under the new one, thus constituted and recog-
! nized, would by the authority of this body be
counted, and thegoverningpower of the country,
to that extent, be plaecd in the hands of a mere
handful of men controlling a State government
which we refused to recognize. Suppose, further,
that all the departments of the government but
this House should recognize the1 ftevy organiza-
tion, and that the Senate should admit its Senators
as they have done in the case of East'Virgiraa,
while we refuse admission to their members
elected to this House, would the 'electoral vcrte
be counted if sent here? Would this new gov-
ernment be the constitutional governmcnt'of the
State until recognized by Congress—I m£an by
the concurrent action of the Senate, House, and
President? Gentlemen who examine this subject
cannot fail to see the complications and difficulties
in which we may be involved unless some uni-
' form policy regarding the reorganization of States
is adopted by Congress and strictly observed by
the Executive Departments of the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I more'that the gentleman
have leave to proceed.
Leave was granted.
Mr. ASHLEY. The President in his late proc-
lamation says:
"And I do further proclaim, declare, and make known
that whenever in any of the States of Arkansas, Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi,'Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Flor-
ida, South Carolina, and North Carolina a Dumber of per-
sons not less than one tenth in number of the votes cast in
such States at the Presidential election of the year of our
Loul 1SG0, huiing taken the vath a foresaid, and not having
since violated it, and being qualified voters under the elec-
tion law of the State existing immediately before the so-
callcd act of scccssion, and excluding all others, shall re-
establish a State government, which shull be lepublican, and
in noiome conti accmng said oath, shall be recognized as the
true government of the State.
"Shall be recognized as the true government
of the State" by whom? The fair interpretation
of the language used is that the State, when or-
ganized in conformity with the provisions of the
proclamation, will be recognized by the President.
The country so understands the proclamation.
And yet I can speak authoritatively when *1 say
that the President does not intend to do anything
of the kind without the concurrence of Congress.
If the rebel States still retain their political organ-
izations under their old constitutions, neither the
President nor any general in' command can by
proclamation or orders change those State con-
stitutions. If the old State constitutions and gov-
ernments of the rebel States are destroyed, then
ueithet the President nor any general under him
can, with the military power, establish civil State
governments with such constitutions as they may
dictate, without the consent of Congress.
The military power and the civil power must
not be confounded. Above all,'itmust not be for-
gotten that Congress alone is clpthed with the war
power and the civil legislative power of the na-
tion.
Mr. Speaker, suppose the Union men, by un-
wise divisions and personal ambitions, are defeat-
ed in the coming presidential c lection, and by
such division a President is eleeted by the opposi-
tion: would gentlemen on this side of the House
quietly sit here and permit a pro-slavery Presi-
dent, with the entire military power of the coun-
try, and one tenth of the local population of the
rebel States, professing to be loyal, to reorganize
State governments, and recognize them as the
Constitutional governments of these States, with-
out the consent of Congress? No, sir. From a
hundred men now on this floor a protest would
come in the name of an outraged people, protest-
ing against such a usurpation of the prerogatives
of Congress, and against such a flagrant violation
of the Constitution. Why would we all cry out
with one voice if such a scheme for reorganizing
the rebel States was in process of enforcement by
an opposition President? The answer is easy.
We would not submit to it, because we would be
certain that with such power in the hands of their
Piesidcnt they would icostablish slavery and the
old slave State governments in every rebel State,
and thus bring back many of the traitors to the
| vacant seats here. Of course, sir, we would all
protest; and as I would protest then so I protest
j now against the adoption of any policy by the
s executive or military departments of the Gov-
i eminent on this question of reconstruction until
I it shall first have had the sanction of Congress.
! Sir, I want no precedent established by this Ad-
i ministration, touching the exercise of doubtful
