1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
constitutional power, which I would object to if
"adopted by an opposing Administration. What-
ever power I claim for an Executive of my own
choice, I ara willing to concede to another who is
not ray choice. •
Mr. Speaker, let us keep every department of-
the Government strictly within its constitutional
limits, and.in the future we shall not be driven to
"ttfe disgraceful necessity of apologizing for orre-
pydiating our .own apts, before we can with any
show of propriety or fairness arraign those who,
though* following our precedents, are doing so for
different purposes.
Mr. Speaker, if a President may,because war
exists, civil orforcign, exercise any of the powers
conferred by the Constitution on Congress, wheth-
er relating to the civil or military administration
of the Government, an ambitious and unscrupu-
lous President can find pretext enough for precipi-
tating the nation into either a foreign or civil war,
as was done in the case of Mexico and with .the
Mormons. Then following such precedentsas we
are establishing by our silence, the Executive
could assume to exercise almostevery function of
the Government under the plea of necessity, and
the right conferred by the admitted war powers of
the Government. Suppose the pro-slavery State-
rights party of this country should elect a Presi-
dent, and a majority of this House, this year,
owing to causes such as I have suggested, (which
may Heaven forbid!) and they should conspire,
as it is not at all unlikely they would, to reinstate
the old order of things, assume the confederate
debt, reenslave all persous emanpipated by the
President's proclamation or by Congress,"and re-
store all confiscated estates to their former owners,
would they long want n pretext for continuing this
war, or involving the country in another civil war,
if thereby their President could assume unlimited
power, and with the army and ten percent, of the
voting population, without regard to its loyalty,
revive the old State constitutions, and obtain their
recognition by the executive branch of Govern-
ment as the constitutional governments of these
States without the consent of Congress?
I confess, sir, I believe there aie thousands of
men in the North to-day who aland ready at any
opportune moment to enter into just such a con-
spiracy. If gentlemen will recall what ha« trans-
pired in this country since the days of Tyler,
Calhoun, and Texas' annexation, especially dur-
ing the Administrations of Polk, Pierce, and
Buchanan, they will not find it difficult, in my
judgment, to reach the conclusion that either of
these Administrations, if in power in 1&G5, would
cordially have entered into just such a conspiracy
as I have delineated. Do gentlemen say that tins
is impossible? I answer, by repeating what 1
have said before to tin; people of my own, and,
indeed, of every district in which 1 have spoken,
that I fear an attempt will be made if the pro-
slavery party of this country elect a President of
their peculiar faith to accomplish all 1 have de-
picted, and the confederate rebel debt will be tlje
lever power employed for that unholy purpose.
If they should succeed in an election, no man need
predict what they will not attempt. The country
has not yet forgotten how the lexas annexation
scheme was bought through Congress by the
leaders of this pro-slavery rebellion. They had
but $10,000,000 tn bonds to operate with, woilh
from Jive to seven cents on the dollar; annexation
and assumption made them par. In this new po-
litical and financial scheme the conspirators will
have three or four thousand million dollars in
confederate bonds with which to effectuate their
purposes. Sir, when 1 remember what infamous,
God-defying acts the American Congress under
the lead of the present pro-slavery rebels has been
guilty of in days that are past, I shudder when I
contemplate the terrible ordeal through which the
nation in its process of regeneration must pass
after the close of the war.
Mr. Speaker, I have already, in passing, re-
ferred to the action of General Banks in Louis-
iana. Let me call the attention of the House and
the country to his unwarrantable and indefensible
assumption of civil authority in that State. In
the first place, against the protest and in defiance
of the well-known wishes of the only organization
known to the country, or recognized by the un-
conditional Union men of Louisiana, General
Banks issues an order for an election, on the 22d
of February last, of State officers, under the old
State- organization and pro-slavery constitution,
if'the old pro-slavery constitution and State gov-
ernment of Louisiana are to be thus reestablished
and recognized in defiancc of the wishes of the
loyal men of that'&tate, and without the sanction
of Congress, this House ought to understand it.
For myself 1 enter my. protest against any such
assumption of civil authority by the military
power. Let us look a little further into the mat-
ter. - After ordeiing an election for State officers
under tlog old constitution, which, if acquiesced
in by Congress, will legally revive the old order
of things in that State, General Banks issues an-
other order directing that an election shall be held
for delegates to a convention for the purpose of
amending'the constitution of the State so that it
may conform to something—it is difficult to say
what. The following is his order upon the sub-
ject:
• "In order that the organic law of the State-maybe made
to conform to the will of the people, and harmonize with
the spirit of the age, as well as to maintain and preserve
the ancient landinsuks of civil and religious liberty, an elec-
tion of deiepates to a convention {or the revision of the Con-
stitution vviil bo held on the fir.^t Monday of April,
Whence did General Banks derive authority to
issue such an order? Certainly not from Con-
gress, nor from the laws of war as recognized by
civilized nations, nor from any rule or article of
war known to our military code. If the power
to issue the order is not derived from either of
these sources, then, the action of General Banks
is a rno.st wanton and defenseless assumption of
military' pQwei*, as well as an outrage upon the
only organized body of men known and admitted
by till to be free State men. As a military com-
mander in the service of the United States,-he
may govern a conquered people by martial law
until Congress or the people, in the exercise of
loyal, popular sovereignty, recognize a civil gov-
ernment subject to the Constitution of the United
States, without interference or coercion fiom him
by,(he military force under his command. But
neither General Banks nor the Commander-in-
Chief can, by matiial law, proclaim a constitu-
tion for the ci vil «;ovei nment of any State. Gen-
eial Banks, however, declares in this extraordi-
nary proclamation that " the fundamental law of
Louisiana is mattial law." It anygentleman can
enlighten the House or the countiy about this
matter he Will entitle himself to the lasting grat-
itude of all loyal men. Will any gentleman tell
me how " maidal law" can become the " funda-
mental law" of any organized civil State govern-
ment. known to the Constitution of the United
States? lhold that neither Geneial Banks noi any
other general in command <>f u department has
authority to order an election for State officers m
any of the lebcl States under any fundamental
law, whether it be martial law or civil law; still
less has he any show of power or excuse for or-
dering an election of delegates to a constitutional
convention if there is an existing fundamental
law in the State.
If the State officers who have been elected by
General Banks's orders assume the functions of
civil government they will undoubtedly be rec-
ognized as officers under the old State constitution
of Louisiana, whatever Geneial Banks may say
about martial law, as the fundamental law of the
State. If they are not officers of the civil gov-
ei nment of Louisiana, then the late election was
a farce, for martial law does not provide that, the
people, or any part of the people over whom it
is opeiating, shall themselves select the oificers to
administer and exercise it.
I undertake to say that if these recently elected
State ofiicers are installed into office and lecog-
nizod by Congiesn, puoh recognition will legally
rt establish the old State constitution and slave
code of Louisiana. In addition to this the Slate
government, thus established and recognized by
Congress, may legally refuse to submit to or rec-
ognize the validity of any new State constitution
adopted by the convention ordered by General
Batiks to be elected in April, after the State ofii-
cers electcd under the old constitution are inau-
gurated and invested with the civil government of
the State. They undoubtedly will refuse to rec-
ognize the action of that convention unless it be
in conformity with their wishes, because they can
properly claim that the old State constitution, hav-
ing been revived and recognized by their election
and inauguration, it provides the manner in which
it-may be amended.
In order to obtain an early recognition of the
assumed State organization under martial law,
the newly elected Governor may, if he se.es fit,
order an election for members of the State Legis-
lature and Congress instanter, and I shall not be
surprised if we have Senators and Representa-
tives applying here for admission from the gov-
ernment thus organized by the military power
before we adjourn. If such should be the'case,
and tjhey are admitted before the. action of the
constitutional convention-is submitted to the loyal
people for their approval, and the present State
officers accept ana recognize that constitution, if
adopted by the people, as the constitution of the
State, these officers may, if they choose, legally ^
disregard the action of that convention and re-
main under the old constitution. If they should
do this what remedy would be left to us? If Con-
gress should recognize this assumed State gov-
ernment, before the constitutional convention now
ordered by General Banks to be elected should
assemble, or before it had adopted and submitted
a constitution to the loyal electors of the State
for their approval, its whole power under the
newly elected officers could and might be used to
defeat the wishes of the free State men, and if de-
sired by the present State officers this would be
a better way of accomplishing their purposes than
by refusing to accept the constitution formed by
the convention and adopted by the people. I
have no doubt that the officers of this assumed
State government could, if they were recognized
by Congress, defeat the adoption of a free State
constitution in Louisiana if they desired to do so.
I do not say that thoy will attempt it, should Con-
gress recognize them, for I do not know them. 1
only say that they could easily do so, if they pre-
ferred the old constitution to the new one.
Gentlemen will readily see the necessity of
avoiding such complications, and all must agree
that the safer and better way is to have new
State constitutions adopted and approved by the
loyal people and by Congress before elections for
State officers are ordered by any one, and before
we admit cither Senators or Representatives in
Congress from any of the rebel States.
I hope we will have no such difficulty in Louis-
iana as I havesuggested. I have always had such
a high appreciation of the character and ability
of General Banks, that I regret very much that I
have felt it to be my duty to say what I have of
his acts touching the reorganization of the State.
I cannot, however, shut my eyes to the fact that
the p'olicy adopted by General Banks affords
eveiy inducement for the secret enemies of the
Government, by uniting with the conservative fac-
tion opposed to a free State, to bring about just
the condition of things I have described. I trust
we are not to have in Louisiana a repetition of the
Missouri troubles.
If General Banks, instead of ordering an elec-
tion for State officers under the old constitution
ofLouisiuna, had listened to the free State men
and ordered an election of delegates to a con-
vention to amend the old constitution of Louisi-
ana, or to make a new one for the State, the loyal
men of the nation might have tolerated such an
unauthorized assumption of power on his part.
As it is, loyal men are compelled to protest against
it, not only because of his exercise of power for
which there is no law, and his disregard of the
wishes of the free State men, but because of the
difficulties and complications which a repetition
of such acts in other States may bring upon us.
Here is what the free State men of Louisiana say
on this point:
"Resolved, That this fi ee State general committee, not
lolnsqui-hing its judgment that the onlj tmc path to roeon-
snuciiou i= a convention to form anew constitution before
any election for State officer*; and not renouncing it? 1 aw-
ful claim to huvc Maveiy aboh-hed immediately, without
the dancer of any futile selk nic of gradual emancipation ;
and not ueldmg its assent to the idea that the election of
beveu executive officeis can. by proper use of term-*, be
styled the civil go\ -nimeut of Louisiana; but, nevorthe-
lejsS,K'Cognizini  the patriotic duty of endeavoring to glace
m oiiice men whose opinions are m harmony witlf the
wants of Louisiana and the spirit of the age, will take pait
in the elections.55
The farce of an election was gone through with,
and of course the men representing an organiza-
tion whose loyalty never was questioned were
defeated, and'the candidate of Geneial Banks was
elected. It could not well have been otherwise.
A military commander who announces that "mar-
tial law is the fundamental law qf the Stateand
