1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ai3
of the country forever as sanctioning a provision
of this kind ? Let those who choose to do it, do it.
For my part I will sanction no such principle.
Mr. Speaker, I am sorry to have occupied the
time of the House thus long. I now ask for a vote
upon the substitute.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Is any further
debate allowed ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania, having reported the bill, had
a right to close the debate after the main question
was ordered. The question now is upon agree-
ing to the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the reading of
the substitute be dispensed with. I understand
that it is substantially the original bill as reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 may say it is the same bill
with the exception 1 have mentioned. This is
prospective entirely.
Mr. BLISS. I object to dispensing with the
reading.
The substitute was read.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
substitute; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 51, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Me«sr«. Ancona, Baily, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair,
Bimv, Broomall, Freeman Clailie, Cobb, Cole. Henry Win-
ter Davis, Thomas T. Davit-, Dawson, Dennhon, *Edgei -
ton, English, Fonton, Fmek, Frank, Ilolman, Uoopci,
Knapp, Lazear, Malloiy, 3\IcA11i^tfi, Aim rill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Jr.me*It. Moms, Morrison, Noble, John o'Neill, Oith,
Patterson, Pendleton, 1'euy, Pomerov, Piuvn, Samuel J.
Randall, Robinson, IMwaid II. Roiling, Seiienek, Shannon,
Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stevens, Van YMkenburgh,
Wad.-avoiih, Ward, Whaley, Wilder, and Wiufield—51.
N WS—Mes-ai-'. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, Alley,
A!h-on, Ame>, Anderson, Arnold, AMiley, Aujiu^tus C.
Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxtei, Beatnan, Fiancis P.
Blair, lilies, Boatwelt, Boyd, Brandegee, BiooK->, William
G. Brown, Chanter, Anibio^c W. Olaik, Clay, ('otfioth,
Ciavens, Creswell, Dawes, Dixon, Drigsfc, ]>klcy, Eden,
Eldndsie, Eliot, Gannon, Garfield, Gooeii, Gu'rineli, Giis-
woid, Hale, Hall, Hardin^. Benjamin G. Ham-, lleinek,
Higby, Flotehktss, Asahel W. Hubbard. John II. Hitbhaid,
liulbmd, Hutchius, Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian,
Kalbfleiscb, Kasson.Kelley, Fianeis VY. Kellogg, Oilando
Kclloga;, Kcinan, Lc Blond, Loan, Long, Longyoar, Mar
vin. McCluig, Melndoe, McKmnoy, Samuel F. Millet,
Amos Myerf, Leonaid Myci-*, Nehon, Noilon, OdeN.
Ch.ule-3 O'Neill, Pike, Price, Raui'oid, William II. Randall,
Alexander II. Itice, John II. Rice, James S. Rollins, Po^s,
Scofield, Scott, John D.Steele, Wiliiani G. Steele, Stiles,
Stu<ut,Sweat,Thayei,Thomas, Tiacy, Up'-on, VooiheCf,
Eidui B- Wa^hbuine, William 13. Wa^hbmn, Wheeler,
Williams, Wilson. VVinriom, Fernando Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Ycaman—101.
So the substitute was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CRAVENS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Law, was still detained from the House m con-
sequence of injuiics sustained by a fall on the ice,
but hoped to be m his seat in a few days.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recouh-d,
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the substitute was
rejected; and olso moved that the motion to le-
consider be Said upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordeied to be engrossed and
read a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question being upon its passage,
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative-—yeas 8(j, nays 68; as follows:
yrAS—Mes-qs. Allev, Alli-on, Amer-. Amletcon, At-
nold, A-bley, Baity. Au2u«-tn"« C. Baldwin, John 1). Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Jacob B. Blaa, Boutwell,
Boyd. Biandeuee, Bioomal), William G. Blown. Ambrose
W. Cl.uk, (May, Cobb, Curved, Dawes, Di'iuuil', Dixon,
Dt>"2<, fiekiej, Eliot, Fain-wmfh, Gau-on, Garfi'id,
Gooch, Grider, Grmnell.Gri>vvold. Hale, Hall. Hofehki^,
A-ahel' W. Hubbard, John H. lliibb.ud, Uulbnrd, Hutehm.,
Jenckes, Julian, Kaibil'^cb. Ka-^on, Kelley, France W.
Kelhiffu, Oilando Keliogir. Keiuan. Loimyeni, Mamn,
-    Samuel F. M nlei, Ainc- Myei-. f .con-
ceit. Chailes O'Neill, pPiham. 1'ike.
tandall, Alexander II. Ric-s John H.
nss, Seoficld, Sicbbin-. John 0. Steele,
mas, Tiaev, Up^on, Vau Y.ilk'.nbui'jh,
I Washhurno, Wil'mm B. Washburn,
MrCliirjf, Melndoe, Samuel F. M ulei, Amo- Myei-. f,eon-
aid ■NJ.yf'if-. Nuiton- Odtll. Chsules O'Neill, Peiham. 1'ike.
Pace, William II.'Randall, Alexander Il.^Ric-s John 11.
Rice, James S. Roiling
Sweat, Thayer.Thom;i
Wads-worth, Elihn B ! . . . .
Wheeler, William'-, Wilson, Windom. Winfieki, W ood-
biniire, and Yeatiian—£5.
NAYrf—Mo srs. 0. Allen, Willnm J. Al'cn, Vn-
cona, Bli-^s, Blow, Bionics. James S. Br"v. n, C!) nilei, Coi-
fioth,Cole, C'avens,ThomasT.Davn. Daw-') i, Dennisons
Eden, Edseiton, Eldnd^e. Emzii-li', Fenton, Pinck, Fiank,
Haidms, Harrington, Benjamin G. flams Hemek, Hoi-
man, William Johnson, Knapp, Lazeai, Le Blond, Long,
Malioiy, McAlIistc/, McDowell, McKnmty, William II.
Miller, Mornll, Daniel Morris, JamesR. Morris, Morrison,
Noble; John O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Perry, Pornero.v,
Pruvn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Edward II.
ltoliino, Ro-js. Schenek, Scott, Shannon, Smith, Smnliers,
Spalding, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Stoat t, Yoor-
hees, \Vard,Chilion A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilder,
and frenumdo Wood—G8.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SCOTT stated that Mr. King was eon-
fined to his toom by sickness.
Mr. COBB stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sloan, was still absent on account of serious
sickness in his family.
The result of the vote having been announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
service on committees.
Mr. GOOCH asked to be excused from further
service on the select committee on the rebellious
States and on the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. Goocii was excused.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave to
be excused from further service on the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures. This committee now
has in charge an important investigation into the
affairs of the New York custom-house, and my
duties on two other important committees requiie
every moment of my time. 1 therefore hope to
be relieved. '
Mr. Julian was excused.
COAST-SUltYEY REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Priming, repoitod a resolution that there be
printed three thousand copies extra of the report
of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the
year 1^63, two thousand for the use of the Su-
perintendent and one thousand for the use. of
members of the House; and moved the previous
question on its adoption.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
collectors' fees.
Air. KELLOGG, of New Yoik, by unanimous
consent, introduced a lesolution, which was read,
oonsideied, and agreed to, instructing the Com-
mittee on Commerce to inquire into the expe-
diency of regulating and equalizing the fees and
salaries of collectors of customs on the northern,
northwestern, and western frontiers of ihe United
States,and to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
REPORTS OF PRIVATE UILLS.
Ml. KELLOGG, of New York, called for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER announced (he regular order
of business to be the call of committees for reports [
of a pnvato character, beginning with the Com- ;
mittee of Elections. !
ciiapxn hall. ;
Mr. HALE, from thu< Committee of Claims, j
reported a bill lor the i elie'f of Chupin Hall; which ■
was ifad a firf>t and second time, referred to the ■
Committee of the Whole House on the Private |
Calendar, nnd ordered to be punted. i
SUTCLIETE AND CASE. ^ ,j
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, i
lepoitcd back a lull (II. R. INo. 43) for the relief ;
of Miio SutchlTi and Levi H. Case; which was !
referred to the Committee of iho Whole House ;
on. the Pi iVvite Cdle><dar, and, with the icport, j,
ordered to be printed. j
ISAAC IIEUT2BER0. j
Mr.lIALP], from the same committee, reposted j
back the petition of Isaac Hertzbcrg, and asked :
that the committee be discharged fiom itsfuither ;
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com*
.mittee on Commerce.
It was so ordered.
william c. walker and others.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,re-
ported a bill (H.R. N'O. 47) for the relief of Wil-
liam C. Walker and others; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar; and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
josiaii 0. AHMBB.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Josiah 0. Armes;
which was read a first and second time, and, with
the report, ordered to be printed.
nathaniel m. lane and others.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Nathaniel
M. Lane, Richard G. Murphy, and Charles E.
Flandreau; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
william b. cutter.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported back the petition of Wil-
liam B. Cutter, and asked that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
the petition be laid on the table.
It was so ordered.
charles anderson.
Mr. feCHENCK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Charles Anderson,
assignee of John James, of Texas; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SCHENCK moved its reference to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move its reference to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is a claim arising out of
a quartermaster's contract, and has been twice
before former Congresses, and on each occasion
I find that it was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, both in the Senate and the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion. My
impression was that it was before the Committee
of Claims, last Congress.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
patent laws.
Mr. CHANLER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a resolution, which wasread,considered,
and agiecd to, instructing the Committee on Pat-
ents to inquire into the expediency of compiling
and printing in one body the laws of the United
States and the regulations of the Patent Office rela-
tive to patents.
BILLS SIGNED BY THE PRESIDENT.
| A message from the President of the United
1 States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary,
: announced that the President had approved and
| signed an act (H.R. No. 143) to amend the law pre-
; scribing the articles to be admitted into the mails
of the United States; and
An act (I-I. R. No. 35) to provide for the deficien-
cy in the appropiiation for the pay of officers and
men actually employed in the Western depart-
ment, or department of Missouri.
committee on enrolled pills.
Mr. COBB. I ask unanimous consent of the
House that the Committee on Enrolled Bills be
allowed to sit dunng the sessions of the House.
There was no objection: and it was ordered
accordingly.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The SPEAKER stated th<  business m order to
be the consideration of House lesolution No. 18,
to amend a joint resolution cxplanatoiy of "An.
act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels, and for other purposes," approved July
17,1SG3, repot ted from the Committee on the Ju-
dictaiy, on which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spaltjixg] is entulcd to the floor.
Mi. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, it has occurrcd
to me that vei y much of the debates on the ques-
tion befoie the House would have been more ap-
propriate to the halls of judi&jture than to this
