1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1SS9
that Jill must vote, would not find it very difficult
to elect any one he might designate, especially
when the aggregate vote did not exceed ten or
eleven thousand, with three candidatesm the field.
Hahn's whole vote in the State, as claimed by his
friends, is only 0,171, less than one fourth of the
vote of my congressional district.
There are fifty-four parishes in the State, only
twelve of which are under our control. Of the
number who voted for Hahn, I have been credi-
bly informed that over 1,000 were employed in
the quartermaster's department; about 550 are
policemen in the city of New Orleans; city labor-
ers 1,100, and other city officers 100; some 1,600
wore soldiers claiming to be citizens of Louisiana.
The acting mayor of New Orleans was removed
by General Banks, and one appointed who could
and would control the votes and influence of the
550 policemen, city laborers, and city officers.
With all the military power of the department to
support Hahn, with the votes of all the Govern-
ment employes, the Louisiana soldiers and po-
licemen,Jus entire vote in the twelve parishes is
but 6,171, and yet this insignificant vote is pa-
raded before the country, and unblushtngly called
the voice of the entire State of Louisiana, which,
in I860, gave a vote of over 50,000. Hahn had
hardly as many votes in the entire State as Mrs.
General Beauregard had sympathizing rebel
mourners in attendance upon her funeial in the
city of New Orleans a day or two after this elec-
tion.
f have said nothing of General Banks's orders
and treatment of the fieedmen of Louisiana. God
knows 1 have no desire to say a word that I oujht
not to say, but I cannot remain silent when such
irregularities are being committed. I am heart-sick
of this pandering to rebels and slaveholders. When
General Butler was in command at New Orleans no
recognized free State man complained of his mas-
terly administration, The rebels and slavehold-
ers, however, made day and night hideous with
their howling; and General Butler was removed.
Since General Banks has been in command there
has not been a rebel or pro-slavery complaint,
but frank and manly^protests come to us from
well-known Union men, who have been tried as
by fire, and whose loyaity was never tainted by
taking an oath to support the rebel government,
or by voluntarily defending and justifying it.
This simple fact tells its own story, and I need
not add another word.
Mr. Speaker, let us see to it that there is no
repetition of these acts by any other general in an
attempt to organize a civil government for a rebel
State without the express authority of Co_ngrcss.
Enact this bill as a law, and you insure the lib-
eration, regeneration, and restoration of the South.
Refuse to pass it, and the loyal men of the South
are left to the mercy *nd caprice of military utl-
ers. Professed loyalists and open-throated lebels,
who have been guilty of every crime, will con-
spire together to crush the free State men as they
did in Missouri. The amnesty oath will be taken
by thousands, who will at once strike hands with
perjurers, robbers, and murderers to destroy the
men who have, from the first, been faithful to the
Constitution and the Union.
Mr. Speaker, the war ended, I feel confident
that the wily enemy will attempt to regain by di-
plomacy much that he has lost by on appeal to
arms. Therein, sir, as I apprehend, lies our dan-
ger. The nation, anxious for peace, will eagerly
listen to the voice of the returning prodigal, until
like the song of the sireJi,if will, as of yore, lull
many loyal hut too confid mg men into a plausible
but delusive security. Cunningly devised schemes
of adjustment, declared by their authors to be
" honorable to all parties," will be thrust upon us,
and every form ot sophistry employed to conceal
their deformities and^xtoi their merits. Let us
meet these issues now, and meet them like men.
Let us define clearly and unmistakably the policy
of the Government upon all questions touching
the reconstruction and restoration of the lebel
States to the TJri'on, nnd thus render forever im-
possible all humilmtmgcompromises, The truly
loyal men of the North and the South will ex-
pect and demand this of us. They will demand
that their heroic saerihees and sulTenngs shall not
have been all in vain. And, sir, such a peoph:
have the right to make such a demand. Their
will must be consulted, must be obeyed. I know
that obedience to it will make freedom and justice
the prominent elements of every newly organized
State. Mr. Speaker, I believe I may safely say
that never in the history of any nation has there
been grender exhibitions of patriotism and hero-
ism than have illustrated every battle-field of this
terrible rebellion. Why, sir, when I go through
my own district and hear the sim pie ami touching
story told in almost every household,about fath-
ers and sons, husbands and brothers, who have
gone into the Army that the Republic might live,
I am proud of my country, and thank God that
I belong to such a heroic race.
Mr. Speaker, I have witnessed, when aiding
to fill our armies, many beautiful and imposing
though touching and heart-rending scenes. It is
the same story of devotion and valor everywhere.
The scene which I have in my mind's eye has Us
counterpart everywhere throughout the North.
The picture is daguerreoty ped upon the mind and
soul of every man whose heart has been m this
struggle. In one of the agricultural counties of
my district, around the domestic hearth, before a
blazing fire, is gathered a family group. They
have just returned from a war meeting, and are en-
gaged m serious and thoughtfuldiscussion. The
question is, how many can be spared from home,
how many can volunteer to go and fight for their
country? At length, amid the con tending struggles
of patriotism, duty, and affection, it is settled.
Two brothers make the stein resolve, duietly
and methodically they pieparc for their uncei tain
absence. When that is done they enter their
names as volunteers, and await, and that not long,
the orders which summon them to the field. The
day of parting comes. At the railroad station are
gathered fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, and
friends to bid these and other bra\e spirits faie-
weli. The approaching tram is crowded with
other volunteers, who rend the air with shouts as
they catch a glimpse of the new recruits—shouts
which modify, peril aps,but can not ennrely repress
the tears and sobs of those who are now about to
part, and possibly forever. The last shake of the
liand is given, the last kiss imprinted upon manly
brows, the last farewell uttered; the train moves
swiftly away, and this patriotic family, who have
given up their sons, turn to wend their steps to
their now lef-s cheerful home. Let us accompany
them,and strive to realize their condition. Listen,
as they gather around the evening altar, to the
prayer which from heart and lip ascends to the
God of nations and of men—a prayer that the
country may be saved, and that the precious lives
of the beloved ones who have gone to fight for it
may be spared, and they in due time restored to
their family and home. One phase in the scene
we are contemplating is over. Time has healed
the poignancy of the sonow which attended the
parting, and the household moves on in accus-
tomed routine. Weeks have elapsed. A Hash
along the wires announces a battle, in which the
absent ones lmve participated; but alas ! it is too
meager to alloy their anxiety. Away for miles,
over a bad and frozen mad, haste a company on
horseback to net fuller details from the papers.
Behold, with what trembling anxiety the father
glances along the column of killed and wounded
to see if the name of either of his sons is there !
And when the dread intelligence isfound, go now
to that bereaved family circle and witness the
more than Roman fortitude with which it is ac-
cepted, and teli me m what fuirner period ofliu-
man history the world has afforded a more exalted
exhibition of valor and patriotism.
Sir*, these are common scenes. Thousands of
homes thus bereft have uttered no complaint, but
have sent forth other soi-s to bleed and die, per-
haps, or perish by disease, m some future cam-
paign of this dreadful stiuggie. Nor has the voice
uf complaint yet reached us from the battle-field,
from the hospital, or from the horrible dens of
the Libby or Belle island, tenfold worse than
cithf r. Our f< How-citizcns have only asked ihat
the war might be prosecuted with vigor, until the
rebellion w as effectually broken, and a triumphant
ponce was achieved.
At such a time, amid such scenes, and in the
presence of such a people, how indefensible,how
criminal, is all personal andpaitisan strife. Sir,
when! witness1, as 1 must wherever I go, such
scenes as I have so pwoily delinrrued, my heait
is filled with the deepest sympathy and &oin w,
and I involuntarily ask myself what theie is that
can ever compensate for all this affliction, this en-
durance, and this self-sacrifice. There is but a
single answer. Nothing, absolutely nothing, but
the entire regeneration of the Republic by making
" liberty and Union one and inseparable." That
the earnest men of this great nation'will accom-
plish this work I have never doubted. To me it
is the simple logic of the contest. I have believed
from the first that it must come, because ! have
believed that Providence would bring to naught
the counsels of the wicked and the crafty. Indeed
1 contemplate the future of this struggle wjth rap-
ture. The clouds which to the eyes of many have
darkened our political horizon for three years, have
all had their silver linings for me. No hour has
been dark enough to cause me to feel one throb or
to utter one wail ofdespair. My hope has been that
justice would at last triumph; and the progress
we are making assures me that it will. I advo-
cated from the first the emancipation of all slaves,
bccausc I believed ideas were more formidable
than armies, justice more powerful than prejudice,
and truth a weapon mightier than the sword.
Thank God, that as a nation and people, after
three years of war and mourning, we are begin-
ning to comprehend our duty and to feel in this
life-struggle for national existence, that
"The laws of changeless justice bind
Oppiessor and oppiossed;
And. clofce as mi and suffering joined,
We march to fate-—ahieast."
I have believed that as a nation we should grow
stronger and gain victories only as we became
manly and just, and that at last liberty would
emerge triumphant from the conflict, changing
constitutions, customs, and laws to meet the re-
quirements of a higher and better ^civilization;
and that thus emerging, she would vivify by her
magic touch every desolate waste, and cause to
bloom every spot consecrated by the blood of
her fallen sons. Anything short of this would
be hollow mockery; with it accomplished,
" Who will mourn that in these dark days
His lot is cast?
God's hand within the shadow lays
The stones wheteon 11 is gates of praise
Shall rise at Jast."
**********
"Turn and^o'erturn, O outstretched Hand,
Nor stint nor stay ;
The yeais have never diopped their sand
On moital issues vast and grand
As ouis to-day."
Mr. LONG obtained the floor.
Mr. ANCONA moved that tlie committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Boutwell reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the President's an-
nual message, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. GR1NNELL, (at
five minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 31, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
TheJournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 35th instant, statements showing the number
of men in Kansas subject to military duty, the
number of regiments and independent organiza-
tions furnished by the State of Kansas (including
colored troops) under all calls, and the name,
number, and description of troops serving in the
depaitment of Kansas subject to the orders of
Major General Samuel R. Curtis; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Pomeroy, was ordered to he on the
table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
Cincinnati Horticultural Society, praying for lib-
eral appropriations in aid of the Department of
Agriculture; winch was referred to the Committee
on Ag  ieulture.
tie also presented a petition ofcitizens of Ohio,
praying for the sale of the mineral lands of the
Rocky mountain country, and that liberal aid
