314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22.
hall of legislation; and being thus impressed, I
shall, at some convenient period, offer for adop-
tion an amendment to the joint resolution reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary, which 1
now read for the information of members on both
sides of the House, that they may be prepared
for it. I shall move to strike out all after the
word " read" in the eighth line of the joint reso-
lution, and to insert the following:
Nor shall any punishment or proceeding under said act
be so construed as to work any forfeiture of the real estate
of the offenders contrary to the provisions of the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Then take the proviso and go on with it to the
end. It will be perceived that the object in intro-
ducing this amendment will be to simplify the
resolution and render it more clear and distinct,
and save the scruples of the members of the House
on the other side, who fear that the Constitution
of the United States is in danger of being violated.
Mr. Speaker, the question was asked yester-
day very emphatically by the learned gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] why it was that
members of this side of the House could not be
content with the legislation of the last Congress
on the subject of confiscation? A reply is fur-
nished to our hand by the language of a distin-
guished colleague of my own, [Mr. Cox,] who
said that our legislation on this subject was "an-
other failure." And it is because we wish our
legislation in respect to the confiscation of rebel
property to be a succe&s that we venture to otfer
some amendment to the joint resolution.
In July, 1862, the Congress of the United States
passed an act to suppress insurrection, &c., the
fifth section of which provides as follows:
"That to insure the speedy termination of the present re-
bellion, it shall he the duty of the President of the United
States to cause the seizure of all the estate and property,
money, i-tocks, credits, and effects of the persons heiein.ifter
named in this section, and to apply and use the same, and
the proceeds thereof,/or Me su/^ort of the Jirmij of the Uni-
ted Slates."
Then follows the clause designating the persons
whose property should be thus seized, consisting
chiefly of all the officers of the army and navy of
the rebel confederacy in arms against the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and the piincipal
civil officers of the so-called 44 eonfedeiatc States
of America." This enactment did not at first
meet with the approval of the President of the Uni-
ted Suites for reasons that will soon be made ap-
parent, and consequently the joint resolution was
adopted explanatory of the act, the last clause of
which reads as follows:
"Nor shall any punishment or proceedings under said
act he construed as to woik a forfeiture of the leal e. tato
ol the offender beyond fas natural life."
The approval of the President of the enactment
and of the joint resolution took place at one and
the same time, July 17, 186:2. Concurrent with
this approval, a message was tiansmitted by the
President to lhe Senate of the United States, ac-
companied by a very singular document, yclept a
" veto," which thus became in the appiehension
of his conservative friends on the other side of
this House a veiy important "State paper."
However much 1 may esteem the eluuaeter of
our worthy Chief Magistrate, I must be permitted
to say that this proceeding was notin good taste.
The'rresident, in the exeicise of his pieiogative,
has a just right to place his veto upon any unwise
legislation of Congress. But this power was
placed in his hands to check improvident legisla-
tion, arid not to intimidate the membeis of the na-
tional Legislature. Who that is conversant with
the passage of this joint resolution will hesitate to
say that it was passed under duress—"duress
per minus/* as we lawyers say?
Nosv, sir, I will advert for a moment to some
portions of this most extraoidinary State paper.
On page 871 of the Journal of the Senate for the
second session of the last Congress I find the
following:
Fellow- Citizens of the Senate and HotibC of Representatives:
Considering the act to s-uppiess iiisuireetion, to pum-h
treason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the piopetty
of rebels, and tor oilier purpoMis, and joint lesolutiou ex-
plan. itoiy of ---aid act a^> being substantially on.', I have im-
proved and signed both. Befoie I was informed of the pas-
sage of the resolution f had prepaied the draft of a menage
bating objection* to the bill becomingulaw, a copy ol \\ hieh
diaft is herewith tiansmitted.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, July 17, I860.
Then follows the veto drawn up for the purpose
of being applied tcr the bill before it was appioved
with the joint resolution. 1 inquire, "cui 6ono"
was this supplemental messoge transmitted to the
Thirty-Seventh Congress? [ lienor the Chief
Magistrate when he sends Lis leasons for placing
his negative upon the legislation of Congress,
and I honor just as highly any member who ad-
heres to his convictions of right irrespective of
the veto to be placed upon his act. Such prac-
tices will not intimidate upright and independent
mtnds.
But the veto has thus unnecessarily been made
a part of the records of the legislation of Congress.
And on page 873, near the foot of the page, 1 read:
cc That to which J chiefly object pervade^iuos-t paits of
the act, hut more distinctly appears in the. first, second,
seventh, and eighth section^. Jt is the sum of those pro-
visions which lesults in the divestmentof the title forever.
For the enures of tiea.-.on and the ingredients of treason,
not amounting to a full ci ime, it declares forfeiture extend-
ing beyond the Jivosot illegality panics; whereas the Con-
stitution <>l the United Htau*.«. dectaies that 'no attainder
of tioa<on '•hall work coiiuptimt of blood or foiteiture, ex-
cept during the life of the petson attainted.'"
And now by this sage reasoningany ingredients
of treason less than the sum total which would
make up the offense of treason, carries with it the
same disability to work a forfeiture, in perpetuity,
with an attainder of treason. And by carrying
out this process of reasoning, Congress has no
power to take fiom any citizen his property for
any offense whatever. Why? Because there can
be no confiscation for a longer time than the of-
fender's life for that which is in itself treason or
less than the crime of treason.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the first Congress which
sat in this country under the present Constitu-
tion , passed an act defining the crime and declaring
the punishment of treason; and that punishment
was simply the good old-fashioned punishment of
hanging by the neck until dead, dead, dead. In
the third section of the same act we find the crime
of murder committed in any fort, arsenal, &c.,
punished with death; and that Congress ordered
that, upon sentence of death for murder being car-
ried into execution, the body of the criminal
should be handed over to the surgeons to be dis-
sected . Now, suppose Congress had ordered that
the bodies of these rebels, seized, arraigned, tried,
and convicted of treason of the blackest dye,
should have been handed over to the surgeons for
dissection. They then would have been hungup
in glass cases accoiding to the practice of bur-
geons, and subjected to the gaze of all mankind;
would not the gentlemen on the other side have
made the same appeal to us they make now ?
Would they not have said, " You are shocking the
sensibilities of the children and the children's
children of these rebels for all lime to come, by
exposing their fathers for this great iniquity to be
dissected and hung up in a glass case?" How-
ever much the sympathy of gentlemen may have
been diawn out, howevei lachiymosethey might
have become upon that subject, it would have
been constitutional and legal legislation never-
theless.
But the gentlemen on the other side claim that
the Constitution, in article three, section three,
interposes a barrier to the forfeiture of the lands
of those rebels for anything moretlmn their lives,
whether they he tried and convicted of tieason or
not. Well, now, I piopose, as a lawyer, to affix
some limits to this test of the constitutional ques-
tion. The language of the Constitution either has
a legal signification, or it has not. Has it a legal
signification ?
"Hut no attainder of treason shall work cormption of
blood oi torfeittue [of estate] except during the life of the
pew>n attainted."
Now, is it not legitimate to inquire what is meant
by an " attaint, "because this restriction evidently
applies to nothing but "an attainder" for treason ?
May we not inquire, then, and must we not in-
quire, what an " attaint" is in the eye of the law ?
And for this let us go to the fountain-head. I
have in my hand the fourth volume of Tucker's
Biackstone,and lead extracts from pages 380and
381. From page 380 I read:
" When sentence of death, the most terrible and highest
judgment in the laws of England, is pronounced, the im-
mediate, inscpatable coiiM-quence, by the common law. is
attamdei."
When, by the opeiation of the common law,
does the criminal become attaint r It is answered:
" This is after judgment, for there i=! a gioat difFeienco
between a man comicled and attainted, though they are
uequently through maceuiacy couiounded together. After
I lonviction onJya man isliable to none of theM* disabilities,
fnrihcre i-> still, in contemplation ot law, a possibility of
his innocence." v * * * "And theiefore
' eithei upon judgment of outlawiy, or of death toi neasou
■ or felony, and not befoie, bliall a man be said to be at-
: tainted."
" The consequcnees of attainder are foifeiture and cor-
ruption of blood." * * + * "FoifeiHneis
twofold—ofieal, and personal estate. Fiist as to real es-
tate: by attainder in high tieason a man forfeits to the
} kingall his lands and tenements of inheiitanee, whether fee
simple or fee tail."
" But though after attainder the forfeiture relates baelno
the time of the treason committed, yet it does not take ef-
fect unless an attainder be had, ot which it is one of the
fruits ; and therefoic if a traitor d.ies before judgment pro-
nounced, or is killed in open rebellion, or is hanged by
martial law, it works no forfeiture ot his lands, for he never
was attainted of treason."
Well, now, for one instant suppose that some
portion of our Army should have the good for-
tune to seize the chief of the rebels, Jeff. Davis
himself, and suppose that he should be put to
death by martial law; would there be any "at-
tainder" in his case? 'Not at all; not at all, ac-
cording to the authorities. But, say the gentle-
men, your Congress passes a bill of attainder
when it confiscates the lands. I say in reply,
Mr. Speaker, that the Constitution of the United
States has stopped all that matter by providing
that "no bill or attainder shall be passed." In-
asmuch, then, as Congress cannot pass a bill of
attainder, as the Parliament formerly did in Eng-
land, either before or after the death of the felon
or traitor; as Congress cannot pass a bill of at-
tainderatany time nor in any way, and inasmuch
as the common law of England lias no applica-
tion to the punishment of crimes in this country,
I declare for myself that I can see no room for
this provision of our Constitution to operate at
all. I regard it as simply a work of superabund-
ant caution on the part of our ancestors, com-
ing so recently from under the dominion of the
British Crown, to provide by all necessary, and,
if you please, unnecessary constitutional provis-
ions against the reenactment in this counti y of
scenes of barbarity which had occurred so fre-
quently in the Old World.
1 find that the learned Justice Story, who has
been quoted here with so much approbation on
the other side of the House, in his Commentaries
on the Constitution, when speaking of this crime
of tieason, and of this interdiction in the Consti-
tution of the United States, gives us the instance
of the Third Richard, who was attainted by bill
of attainder in Parliament, months after he had
laid down his life upon Bosworth field. No one
pretends that in this country any enactment of
that sort could be made by Congress. No one
pretends that the common-law principle would at-
tach any such consequence to an adjudication of
the courts upon a chargc of treason, or murder, or
any other felony.
Al y learned colleague upon the other side of the
House [Mr. Bliss] cited, as an authority for the
principle for which he contends, a passage from
the Federalist, from an essay by Mr. Madison.
I give to the authority all the credit that could be
asked for it by the learned gentleman, and even
more, if necessary, but I say the authority is not
in point for his side of the argument, after all.
On page 271 of the Federalist I read:
" Congress has power to declare the punishment of trea-
son. but no attainder of treason shall woik cori option of
blood or (oifeiturc, except during the life of the pei&on at-
tainted."
"As treason may be committed against the United Slates,
the authority of the United States ought to be able to puni-h
it; but as new-fangled and artificial tieasons have been
the great engines by which violent factions, the natural off-
spring of fiee governments, have usually wieakod then
alternate malignity oi> each other, the Convention have,
with great judgment, opposed a barnei to thnpeculiai dan-
ger by Inserting a constitutional definition of the crime,
tixinir the pioof necessary for conviction of it, and repliant
ingthe Congress even m punching it from extending the
consequences of guilt beyond the person of its author."
Now here let us pause for a moment and in-
quire what is the meaning of this language, " be-
yond the person of its author." We all know—
all who have tead theljistory of such proceedings
in England—that oftentimes these attaints weie
made use of to corrupt the blood of a person who
had been executed for treason or some other fel-
ony, and to stop the transmission of estates from
a remote ancestor of the felon to his posterity be-
low. It is well known that those acts were in-
dulged in to gratify sometimes private hate and
malice against the families of offenders,butoftener,
perhaps, for the purposes of speculation; and 1
