2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18.
delicate manufactures, but with, the same amount
of protection can and does, to a considerable ex-
tent, exclude those of the United States—a nation
less advanced in this branch of industrial pro'
duction. There is scarcely any manufacture of
this country which has not or will not be trans-
planted to Canada, and stimulated under the pres-
ent protective duties of twenty per cent. The
only exceptions are those requiring a more ex-
tensive market than the comparatively narrow
territory and scanty population of the province
can afford. Indeed, it has been deliberately cal-
culated by some Canadian statesmen that they
will persevere in a protective system against the
manufacturers of the United States until the time
arrives when they shall be capable, not only of
supplying their own market, but will prefer free
access to this country for the sale of their goods
to a continuation of the protective duty in Can-
ada. The result of a free interchange would no
doubt be to encourage in both parts of the con-
tinent those manufactures for which each is espe-
cially adapted, thus benefiting* the people of the
two countries by supplying their necessities with
less useless expenditure of labor.
It is just to add that the tariff of duties levied
by Canada during the period in question has been
much lower than the duties charged by us upon
her manufactures, and that while our exports of
these articles amount to many millions it is very
doubtful if the actual manufactures of Canada
bought by us reach in the aggregate to more than
a few hundred thousand dollars throughout the
whole of the last five years, during which the
diminution has arisen, although in that time the
Canadians alone bought from us manufactures to
the value of $15,343,004. (See page 15 Ex. Doc.,
No. 32,Thirty-Eighth Congre ss, first session.)
The whole amount of ouivitnports from Can-
ada, subject to duty, for the right years which
have elapsed since the treaty is only $3,595,350,
including not only Canadian manufactures but
also goods from all other parts of the world. Of
these, one class alone, iron and its manufactures,
amounted in value to about $1,51)0,U00, not pro-
duced in Canada; a fact winch, with others of a
similar character, gives &ood ground for believ-
ing thaLif the articles really and exclusively made
in the piovince were selected it would bo seen they
are no more than those minute matters which are
scarcely cognizable in legislation or national sta-
tistics.
Adding $33,071,475, the value of foreign mer-
chandise exported by us to Canada during the
same eight years, to the domestic manufactures
also thus sold, theaggregatevalueof these classes
of our exports to Canada cannot be less than
$60,514,471)—against $3,505,350, the amount in
hke manner bought by uh from that province.
In addition to the existing and increased im-
pediments to the importation of our manufactures
into Canada, one of the obstacles to a fair reci-
procity consists in the method enacted by Cana-
dian tariffs, since the treaty, of levying duties on
ai tides according to their value atthe place where
last pinchased, not according to their value in
Canada, or by specific duties; thus practically
creating a discrimination against the meiclmnts
and cairieis of the United States. The intention
was explicitly avowed, and the results are al-
ready known by om experience.
Under the operation of natuial laws the trade
of Canada in many important articles will flow
to and through the Atlantic cities, such as New
"Voik and Boston. Under the present system of
Canadian legislation our exports of foiei^n goods
to Canada have decreased from $5,501,125 in 185!)
to £>1,500,31)7 in 1862, and $l,4(i8,113 in lcfi3.
They attained a yet higher value previous to
1859, when they amounted to $8,769,5S0; but for
the purposes of fair comparison i avoid the years
oi great expenditure and undue speculation. In
18(>3 this portion of our trade was only one half
of the average it reached in each of the five years
prcc< ding the tn aty; was less by twenty-five per
cent, than m lri49, and since which time our total
exports of all kinds to Canada have increased five-
fold, oi from $4,234,724 to $19,898,718.
Tnat the deficiency in our exports of foreign
good* to Canada has not arisen from decreased
consumption, but from legislative enactments by
duties practically discriminating against the At-
lantic cities, is made yet more evident by the
official records of the province, whencc it appears
that the value of merchandise imported into Can-
ada, and passed through the United States under
bond, was,in J860,$3,041,877; in 1861,$5,088,952;
and in 1862, $5,508,427. A circumstance which
has justly created much dissatisfaction in the
provinces (see Consolidated Statutes of Canada,
chapter 17, section 24) is that the Governor of
Canada, by a departmental order, might discrim-
inate in favor of particular routes through the
United States, a singular violation of the comity
or hospitality of the United States in extending
unusual facilities not required by any treaty for
the transfer of goods on the Grand Trunk rail-
road, via Portland, into Canada.
The chief articles of commerce between the two
countries are grain and flour. Of wheat and flour
we have exported to Canada between the years
1856 and 18G3, inclusive of both years, a quantity
amounting in value to $30,643,772, and imported
to the value of $49,940,127; the imports exceed-
ing the exports by $19,296,355. Of wheat alone
from this province our imports have been 20,956,-
322 bushels, and^our exports to it 22,993,763 bush-
els. Of oats and other grain our imports have
been $15,230,364 in value, making an aggregate
of $65,170,491. The value of the same products
from the other provinces was $1,990,787, while
our exports were $29,422,918, so that upon the
whole we have sold the people of the provinces
more of cereals and their products by $360,474
than we have bought from them, our exports hav-
ing been $67,521,752, and our imports$67,161,278.
Of flour and breadstuff's alone, from 1856 to 1861,
our exports to all the provinces exceeded our im-
ports from them by $6,184,224. From the nature
and geographical position of our territory we
have been, and under a free system shall con-
tinue to be, the forwarders and merchants between
the people of the different provinces.
'1 he question on both sides as regards wheat
and flour is not one of revenue or consumption,
but rather of commerce and transportation. If
our whole crop of breadstuff's were sold to Canada,
and sent as it would be, unless sold to the United
States, to a foreign market via the St. Lawrence,
the market value of the Canadian crop would
neither be enhanced nor diminished; nor would
oui farmers be injured if the Canadian surplus is
sent through the Erie canal or over our railroads
and the Hudson river, except that in both cases
the local demands would be increased by the
amount required for the use of that part of the
population which would be employed tn transact-
ing the increased business.
Many beneficial results are produced in the
couise of these exchanges. A large amount of
Canadian wheat is mixed and ground with west-
ern wheat by our millers, with results profitable
to thcmselvesand their customers. New England
consumes much of the best wheat and flour of
Canada West; and I am not one of those who are
desirous of protecting the manufactures of New
England by taxing their biead as well as their
fuel. According to the census of 1861* Canada
East contains 1,111,566 inhabitants, producing
only 2,563,114 and consuming, it is estimated,
neai ly 3,000,000 bushels of wheat. From habit
and other causes these people prefei the spring
wheat of Wisconsin and Illinois. The corn pro-
duced in gieat abundance and at small cost in the
rich warm valleys of the Wabash and Illinois is
consumed to a considerable extent in the prov-
inces, especially tn the manufacture of alcohol,
and we in our turn import and use a large quan-
tity of barley and oats—plains grown in great
perfection by the people of the provinces.
The products of the forest are the next in value
among our impoitations from the provinces,
! having amounted during the last eight yeais to
$23,537,203, of which $19,894,930 were from Can-
ada, and $3,642,273 from the other provinces—an
annual aveiage of $2,942,150, while our sales of
the same class to them have been comparatively
small. No inconsiderable shaie of this timber has
replaced old rail fences on our farms, or inclosed
new laud, or built the house of the pioneer on the
piairies. With the progress of our settlements
our own supply of this necessary article has been
seriously diminished, and its sources have gradu-
ally become moie remote and inaccessible. Un-
like the crops of the farmer, which may be pro-
duced year after year, a second crop of pine timber
is never expected from the same land. Protec-
tion has some force in favor of those manufac-
tures which we are led to believe will ultimately
be sold cheaper if we grant a temporary monop-
oly to their producers, but the more the manu-
facture of lumber is increased the further we shall
have to go for it, and the higher will be the price
of an articlc of which there is necessarily only a
limited supply. In the freedom and expansion of
this trade the Government relinquished a small
amount of revenue, but the traffic of our northern
lakes and canals was greatly increased, employ-
ing profitably a large number of our citizens. The
carrier and consumer,together with themanufac-
turers of New York and New England, partake
of these benefits. Timber, a necessary article of
consumption in building, and especially the mate-
rial used for this purpose by people of moderate
means, is also essential in tl^e construction of ships
—an important branch of national industry and
element of greatness, compelled to face the eager
competition of the whole world—and the supply of
timber suitable for ship-building has been so much
reduced in the United States that memorials have
been presented to this House asking that its ex-
portation may be prohibited. We sell timber ex-
tensively to the British colonies and other coun-
tries, so that the exports the last two,years have
been nearly seven millions. Our importation
from the provinces of the raw materials used to
a considerable extent in tnese manufactures, is an-
nually $2,942,150, and our exports of the manu-
factures themselves in the last two years have
been more than ten millions.
The class of importations next in value is that
of animals and their products. These during the
last eight years have amounted to $11,813,332
from Canada alone. With the other provinces
this trade is of nominal value. We export large
quantities of pork, beef, lard, butter, &c., to Can-
ada, making in all an aggregate of exports in
this class of $12,057,510—rather more than our
imports—the nature of the trade being that we
chiefly import animals themselves and sell their
products.
The remaining miscellaneous articles are for the
most part of no large amount separately, but con-
sist of such materials as should be supplied to our
people and manufactuiers at as low a puce as
possible. Among the most importantofthose not
yet named is coal, an essential element of house-
hold life and comfort, and the chief producer of
the groat labor-saving power of steam. The ex-
ports from Ohio and Pennsylvania to UpperCan-
ada are nearly of the same value as our importa-
tions from the lower provinces. In Canada West
the coal of these States has superseded that brought
from Liverpool and the lower provinces; and, at
Montreal, the anthracite of the easterly portions
of Pennsylvania also competes with the coal
brought from Liverpool and NovaScotia. These
minerals ate not found in the geological forma-
tions of Upper Canada, and as the forests disap-
pear, and wood becomes too valuable to be used
as fuel, that part of the provinces will ultimately
depend exclusively upon the United States for the
most economical supply of this necessary article.
Anthracite coal, although found abundantly on
the eastern slope of the Alleghanies, is found no-
where in the colonies, and will always, in the nat-
ural couise of events, be imported by them; while
as many purposes of fuel in the eastern States,
economy dictates the use of the coal of Nova Sco-
tia. Bituminous coal, of the kind most commonly
used m the manufacture of gas, is not found in
our territory east of the Alleghany mountains,
within an available distance of our chief Atlantic
cities. It would be needless to say that a trade
of this kind is mutually beneficial. Under a sys-
tem of free trade in coal, the people of each coun-
try are supplied more cheaply than they other-
wise could be with necessary light and fuel; and
both save, throughout large i pgions, the expense
and labor of carrying a heavy and bulky article
for several hundred miles.
All the various commodities received free of
duty by cach country from the other under the
provisions of the treaty are the simplest and plain-
est necessaries for the support of human life. I
am opposed to any permanent legislation that
would prevent the free importation of them; to
every system that under any specious name, hid-
ing an error or pretense, signifies dearer food and
increased taxation on the raw materials used in
the manufactures; to any system, whether called
protective or not, which means diminished com-
