3312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27.
Now, sir, but for the construction of the New
York and Erie canal in the first place, and but for
the construction of the great railroad lines from
the Atlantic coast to the great West, the States of
Iowa, Minnesota, and their sister States in the
West would not have been in existence to-day.
It is for the interest of the Government to build up
that mighty West; it is for the interest of the
Government to build up and create new States
and new interests of taxation. That result can-
not,however, possibly follow if the provision of
the House bill virtually prohibiting the importa-
tion of iron is adhered to.
Now, sir, I do not propose to detain the House
long upon thisqucstion. Itis one of great import-
ance, one that affects the whole country, and one
which largely affects the revenues of the Govern-
ment. Who does not know that with one hun-
dred and twenty or one hundred and thirty dollars
a ton duty upon railroad iron the construction of
railroads in this country, except so far as con-
tracts have been made, must be stopped, for it will
be impossible to import a ton of iron under such
a duty. The whole system of new railways in
the far West must be stopped; ay, sir, the Pacific
railroad itself will be suspended jf iron is to coat
from $130 to $160 a ton.
If railroads in the past have been able barely
to divide six per cent, upon their stock when iron
was bought at $60 per ton, I ask any man in the
House to inform me how a railroad can be con-
structed with iron from §130 to $160 per ton.
Now,sir, the entire capacity of the rolling mills
of the country does not exceed three hundred
thousand tons a year,anamountnotatall beyond
what is required for the road salt cad y constructed;
for on the average ten per cent, of track has to
be refold every year. The entire manufacture of
the country will therefore be required by the
roads already constructed, to keep them in run-
ning order.
I hope, therefore, for the reasons I have men-
tioned, and for the additional reason that! believe
the House should not prohibit the importation of!
any article, and particularly the article of railroad j
iron, so much demanded and needed to forwuid
great interests of the country, that the amendment
uf the donate will be concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman who hasjust
addressed us shows how much he knows upon the
subject. 1 hove here the returns of the rolling
mills of the United States, showing their exact
capacity, which \ obtained last week, supposing
that some gentleman might volunteer an assertion
of this kind. They show that when the war com-
menced the capacity of the rolling mills of the
countiy was one hundred and lot tv-eight thou-
sand tons a year. To-day it is not less than six
bundled and fifty thousand tons. So much for
the fact which the gentleman knows. If it had
not been for this duty upon the imported article
there would not have been a rolling mill now ni
operation. And now when ourcitizens have gone
into this description of manufacture, increasing by
threefold the capacity of the mills of the country,
it. is gravely proposed here—and a majority ot the
Senate have voted lor the proposition—to de-
stroy that entire branch of industry and give the
whole trade to the European maiket. ( am aware
that some gentlemen from the State of the mem-
ber who has just taken his seat, large importers
of iron, have been here lobbying and have induced
the Senate to vote for this amendment. Hut, sir,
if you are to take the duty oif from raihoad non
why not take it off from all other manufactured
articles? During the present session we have laid
an additional tax upon the iron manufactured m
this article of §6 per ton, and now it is proposed
to change the duty upon the imported article so
as to make it actually less than it is under the old
law.
Su\ the adoption of the amendment of the Sen-
ate, while it consults the interests of a few im-
porters, strikes down a great branch of industry,
and will not advance the interests of the railroads
one dollar. These rolling mills were started upon
the faith of the Government that a sufficient duty
should be levied for their protection; and if this
amendment is to be adopted it were better that
they had*never been called into existence. While
we are giving every encouragement that we can
to these railroads, we ought to take care that other
great interests of the country are not affected and
broken down.
The gentleman, m another point, has shown
that he is notable to consider this question. He
says that if the Senate amendment be not con-
curred in the Pacific railroad will not be able to
proceed. Now, the Pacific railroad, by its-un-
changed original charter, is obliged to use Ameri-
can iron. It must use American iron or it cannot
be built at ajl. How then is it to be affected by
this provision ?
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. As we advance foreign
iron do we not advance American iron?
Mr. STEVENS. You will break down the
American rolling mills, and thus advance the price
of foreign iron.
i know that there are some railroads who de-
sire this amendment; but why should railroads
with §5,000,000 of capital be more favored than
the farmer who buys his plowshare, or the me-
chanic who buys his tools? I will say that this
is a proceeding not calculated to bring the rail-
roads into much esteem in this Government.
As it seems to be the wish of the House, 1 call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASFIBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 65, not voting 35;
as follows.*
YEAS—Mcf-rs William .1. Allen, Alison, Arnold, Au-
gustus (J. Baldwin, I5l.ui, tJh-N, lliooks, James S. Btown,
William G. Biowii, <;iian|ei\ Fieemau Ciaike, Cobb, Cia-
vens, Dawson, DonnHlj, Eden, Edyrton, IClrtiid«o, Eng-
lish, Faniswoith, Feutoti, Fnick, G.ut-on, (J.ufield, Ilaui-
ins, fFarinij*ton,Chaites _\1. flani-., Met nek, Ilolman, Asa-
hel \V. llubbaul, Hutbind, In-^'isoll, Kalbllmsch, Knapp,
I«a\v,Le Blood, Litilejohn, Lotia, Mallorj. Marcy, Marvin,
McDowell, Melndoe. Mclvmney, Daniel Morns, James It.
Moms, Motri>on, NeKon, Noble, Noiton, Odell, John
O'Neill, l'lUlei^otij I'eili.mi, Pike, Pomeroj, Pruyn, Sam-
uel J Randal!. John II. Itiee, Robinson, lidwaid II. Rollins,
James Rollins, Sclienek, floait, Smith, Spalding,
William ti. tfiecle, tftunrt. Sweat, Thomas, Van Valken-
buijjh, Elihu B. Wa-hbume, WelMei, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Jo-eph W. While, Wil-on, Wmdom, Wmfiekl.
Benjamin Wood, and I'einando Wood—80.
NAYS —"Ylevyrs. All<'\, Ames, Am una, Anderson, Ash-
ley, [Jaily, John D Baldwin, Ba.\tei, Beainan, Blow,
Boutwell, Bo>(!, AinbioMi W. Claik, (,'olVioth, (Jolo, Cies-
well, Henry Winter Davis'. Dawes, Demmg, Donison,
Dixon, Dugijs Kltor, Fiank, Couch, Gnswold, Hale, I!ig~
hy, Hooper, John [I. llubbard, Iltiiehnib, Jenekes, Julian,
Kellev, Oilaudo Kellogg, Kei mm, Kmn, Loan, McAllister,
McBiuie, iVfeChng, Samuel fc\ Millet, Mnoihcad, Moiull,
AmorfMyers, Looaaid Myet-., Piiaile-. O'Will, Oith, Pen-
dleton, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Riee, Scofietd,
Whannon, Smithers John H. Steele, Steven-, Stile-,,
Stiou^e, Thay< i, Tiaev, Up-ou, Wad-woith, William B.
Wa-hhurn. William*, and Wilder—65.
NOT V OTiNG—Messrs. J.tnie, C. Allen, Blaine, Bian-
degee, Broomali, Clay, Cox, Thomas T. Davis, Duimmt,
liekley, Urid<u, Gunnel), Hall, Benjamin G. Han is, llotch-
kiss, Philip Johnson, William John>on, Kasson, Francis
W. Kelloge, King, Lazear, Long>ear, Ahddleton, William
II. Miller, Petrj, Price, Kadloid, Roirci-, Scott, Starr, St eb-
bing Vooilu?es} Waid, Whaley, Woodbndge, and Yca-
inan—3a.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to add the following
to the Senate amendments:
Provided, That while the present duty remains upon
railioad nou no internal ta\ shall be collected theieon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point that the amendment is not in order; this is
the tariff and not the tax bill.
The SPEAKER. If theie is anything in the
bill or amendments of the {Senate relating to the
collecting of internal levenue the amendment
would be in order, but not otherwise.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw it until we come
to one of those provisions,
j Mr. WASHBULiNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question on the Senate amendments.
The previous question was not seconded.
Thirty-second amendment:
Strike out all after the word *k kinds'' down to and in-
cluding ,k forty," aad insert in lieu theieo! the woid " liUy,"
in the tuilowins clause :
Oa pen knives, jack-knives, and pocket-knives of all
kinds, valued at ^,'S or le--^ per dozen, 50 cunts per dozen,
and m addition thereto •},") pei cent ad i/iloion; valued at
over per 5.) i-tmt-. p <r dossoii, and m addition
thereto 40 per cent, ad valorer*.
The committee recommended non-concurrence.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I ask for a
separate vote on that amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope there will be a concur-
rence in th§ amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection if the
gentleman desires it. The committee only in-
tended that the amendment should go to a com-
mittee of conference, where we could agree to the
Senate amendment, except that we would make
the ad valorem duty a little lower.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-third amendment:
On pnge 16, line thirty-nine, strike out<c double" and in-
sert u tour tunes;" so that the clause will mad :
That wool which shall be impoited scoured shall pay,
in lieu of the duties herein provided, lour tunes the amount
of such duties.
The committee recommended non-concurrence.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I hope that amendment
will be concurred in.
Mr. MORRILL. The original bill provided
an increased duty of 50 per cent, upon scoured
wool, and it was amended in the House so as to
double the duty. I think that certainly is suffi-
cient. If the wool is scoured its increased value
is from 30 to 40 per cent., and if the duty is in-
creased four times, it will manifestly be entirely
prohibitory. Therefore I hop| the amendment
will not be concurred in. Under former laws im-
porters have had the right t.o import wool in the
ordinary washed state. The object of thisamend-
ment was to exclude its being scourcd entirety
free from grease. Wool when washed shrinks
30 or 40 per cent.,and when it is scoured it shrinks
30 or 40 per cent, more; so that a double duty
will cover the case.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I do not think a double
duty is sufficient, and I will move to amend the
Senate amendment by inserting "three times"
in place of "four times."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Strike out the following:
On alt manntacimes of wool, or of which wool shall bp
a component matenal, nototheiwi^e provided for, 20 cents
per pound, and m addition thereto 55 per cent, ad valorem.
The committee lecommended concurrence.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move to amend the Senate
amendment by inserting in lieu of what is pro-
posed to be stricken out the following:
On shnt^, diawers, and hosiery, of wool, or of which
wool shall b a component matenal,20 eents per pound,
and m aildc oa theieto 35 pel cent, ad valorem.
The ame ndment to theamendment was agreed to.
The amendment,as amended, was concurred in.
Seventieth amendment:
Inseit on page 523, after line fifty-eight, the following :
Jlnrf provided luilhet, That no cotton woods having more
than 200 tlne.uU to the square inch, conn tun,' the warp and
filling, shall be admitted to a less late of duly than is pro-
vided for goods wlueh aie of that number ol tin cadi.
The committee recommended non-concurrence.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by adding thereto the following pro-
\iso:
Jiiul provided further, That 50 p«n* cent of all duties
and latesol duty'imposed by the provisions of this act may
be paid in legal-tender or Tiea uiy notes.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is not germane to the subject-
matter under consideration.
Tile SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is iu order. In this bill the Chair thinks
the House might change the whole system of
paying duties, and provide that they all shall
be paid in the lawful money of the United States
instead of trold and silver.
Mr. NELSON. 1 offer this amendment for the
simple leasou that the people and Congress have
endeavored to their utmost to lower the price of
gold m the public market.
We are at all times told that if the demand for
any particular article be decreased, its price m
the open market will necessarily be reduced.
The great reason of the increase in the piice of
gold is that the merchants of New York and
other ports require gold to pay th"ir import duties.
If they could pay then? in the public money of
the United States—paper money—the price of
gold would be depreciated in proportion, for gold
is to-day nothing butacommodity in this country.
