THE CONGRESSIOU At GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0.' RIYES, W^sBHnfGTOJC,"3>.'vC.';
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1864.
■New Series-.•••No. 208.',
It may be suggested, Mr. Speaker, that the
adoption of this proviso would reduce the rates
of duties imposed by this act. That is true; but
that difficulty may be obviated by an amendment
to the amendment which I propose, providing
that all duties provided in this bill shall be in-
creased 25 percent. I have not much knowledge
of finance, but it strikes me that the payment in
gold of one half the customs duties will supply
the wants of the Government, and that the re-
ceipt of the other half in paper money will de-
crease the demand for gold and diminish its price,
while the Government can obtain an equal amount
of revenue by an increase of the rates.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, notwithstand-
ing the inexperience of my friend from New
York, I think there is enough in his argument to
require something to be said in opposition to his
amendment, and to show its impropriety. In the
first place it would be necessary to go through the
entire bill and alter all the rates of duties.
Mr. NELSON. That can be done by a gen-
eral provision.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the proposi-
tion is mischievous in another direction. If it
should be adopted we would, of course, have to
aSandonall idea ofpaying the interest on ourpub-
lic securities in coin; for unless the Government
obtained coin in payment of duties it would be
utterly impossible to fulfill the obligations already
incurred by law. I trust that, at this late hour
of the session, the labor will not be imposed upon
us of going through the entire tariff and revising
it so as to fit it to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was first on Mr.
Nelson's amendment to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX. I move to amend the amendment
by inserting as follows:
That the legal currency Qf the United States shall be re-
ceived in the collection and paymentofall duties imposed
by this bill, and by all other existing laws to raise revenue.
Mr. NELSON. To meet one of the objections
raised on the other side, I will move to amend
by adding "and that the rates of duties imposed
by the provisions of this act are hereby increased
100 per cent."
Mr. COX. I am opposed to the amendment of
th% gentleman from New York. My object is to
cut-down the protective points of this bill. The
duties are now payable in gold and silver. I want
to have them made payable in gold and silver, or
else to have the rates cut down. I have already
addressed the House on this subject. I believe
that the rates of duties in tliis bill range from 90
to 250 per cent. If the duties are made payable
in paper money it will be a saving of some 150 per
cent. to the people, which now goes into the
pockets of a special class. That is the object of
my amendment. Of course it will be voted down.
Mr. NELSON. I withdraw my amendment
for the present.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio that
it is the identical amendment passed upon before.
The SPEAKER. It is not the same. The
other was that half the duties should be paid m
legal tenders.
Mr. MORllILL. Mr. Speaker, itis rather too
warm to make speeches for buncombe, and I sup-
pose that the very absurdity of the proposition
will be enough to insure its rejection.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I did not propose to
make a speech; and the gentlemanfrom-Vermont
does not treat me with much couMesy when he
insinuates that I speak for buneombe. I made
my speecli the other day. I offered my amend-
ment for the purpose of striking out the immense
bounty allowed now to a special class—the man-
ufacturers of the United States. I do not wish to
make any speech now for any special purpose of
buncombe. 1 simply ask the vote of the House
on this proposition, and I state plainly that my
object is to strike oil ihis large protective bounty
208
for the benefit and encouragement of a special class
of manufacturers. I will leave to the gentleman
from Vermont any buncombe he eah make out of
this sort of business.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the previous question.
Mr. COX. That is the most sensible thinghe
has done this session.
Mr. WARD. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont allow me to ask the gentleman from Ohio
one question ?
Mr. MORRILL. I will yield for one question.
Mr. WARD. I will ask him if this proposi-
tion would not operate disadvantageously to those
gentlemen who have imported largely and paid
the duties in gold?
Mr. COX. I would say to the gentleman that
the proposition is not made for the benefit of any
class of importers. It is made in the interest of
the great masses of the people of the U nited States,
who are the consumers of all the commodities
imported into the country. I stand here for the
poor man, although that may be accounted bun-
combe. 1 stand here for the great masses of the
people, who have to pay these taxes indirectly
and insidiously into the pockcta of the;ie manu-
facturers. I stand here to defend that class of
people who cannot combine to send delegations to
Congress to make known their interests.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire now to satisfy the
gentleman from Ohio by repeating the only sens-
ible thing I have done. If I could with equal
truth say that he had donea-single sensible thing,
I would do so. I call the previous question on
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mainquestion ordered; being first upon theamend-
ment proposed by Mr. Cox to the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 34, nays 107, not voting 41;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Bliss, Chanler, Coffrotti, Cox, Dawson, Eden, Eldridee,
Finclt, Grider, Harding, Benjamin S. Harris, Charles M.
Harris, Ilerrick, Hohnan, William Johnson, Knapp, Law,
Le Blond, Mallory, Marcy, William H. Miller, James R.
Morris, Morrison, Nelson, John O'Neill, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross, Chilton A.
White, and Fernando Wood—34.
NAY'S—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Anderson, Ar-
nold, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Blair,
Blow, BoutwcII, Boyd, Brandegey, Bi'ooks, James S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dem-
ins, Demson, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Edgerton, Eliot,
English, Fenton, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gooch, Gris-
vvold, Hale, Harrington, Higby, Ilooper, Uotchkitra, Asahel
W. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Huiburd, Urchins, Inger-
soil, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Kernan,
iCnOx/Littlejohn, Loan, Long, Marvin, McAllister, Me-
Biidc, McOlurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill. Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, No-
ble, Norton, Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Fer-
hatn, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruyn, R.idford, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Edvvaid H. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
Spalding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Strouse, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, fJpson, Van Valken-
lmr<*h, Ward, Ehhu B. Wa?hbunie, William B. Washburn.
Webster, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Win-
^NQTVOTING— Mes^r*. James C.Allen, Alley,Ashley.
Railv, Broomall, Clay, Cravens,Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Drums, Dumont, Farn worth, Grinneli. Hall, Philip John-
sonTkalbfleisch Ka-son, Oilando Kellogg, King, Lazear,
Louovear. McDowell, McKmney, Middleton, Pendleton,
Perrv, Pace, Scott, Starr, Stebbuw, Stiles, $tuait, Sweat,
Voorhees, Wadswonh, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph IV.
White, Benjamin Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—41.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
the Senate. .
Mr. NELSON. Is a further amendment m
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the mam question
having been ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. WINFIELD. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate numbers thirty-one and thirty-
two, in regard to pen-knives and jack-knives.
; Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Is that md-
tioft'debatable? * ' - i--- -
- The SPEAKER.. The Chair thinks it is. -
* Mr. MORRILL'. I suggest to the Chair that
those amendments were agreed 19 under the <jp- %
eration of the previous question, and wait there-
fore debate is not in brder. •
The SPEAKER; The gentleman is mistaken
as to that. The previous question was not called
oil those amendments.
Mr. WINFIELD.' My only desire is that
those propositions shall be committed to the com-
mittee of conference, if there is to be one. Cer-
tain amendments were prbposed when the bill-
was before the House, which met with my as-
sent, and I desire now that this matter may go
to a committee of conference in order that these
amendments may be considered by them, and'1
anil willing to be bound by the judgment of that
committee. I hope, therefore, in order to correct
What I think was a misunderstanding this morn-
ing, tliat the motion to reconsider the vote by
wliich 'the House concurred In the amendment of
the Senate wall he adopted.
Mr. O'NEILL, Of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speak-
er, the. gentleman from New York, I have" no
doubt, regards it as a very pleasant thing to dis-
pose of this amendment by gettirig it before a
committee of conference, and practically beyond
the reach of the House. But, sir, the House has
passed upon this question,has acted upon it de-
libe'fdtely, and has concurred in the Senate amend-
ment, and I do not think there will be any fairer
or better understanding of it by going back and
acting upon itagain. This may.aeem to some a ihat-
ter of no importance, but, sir, pen-knives are an ar-
ticle of universal use, and theduty imposed by the
House bill upon a knife costing two, three, or five
cents, would amount to two, three, or four hun-
dred per cent. And when the consumption of
this article ia so great that it cannot be supplied
by the manufacturers in this country, I can see
no reason why the House should reconsider its
vote for the purpose of laying a heavier tax
upon it.
There is one other point in connection with
this matter. I presume the gentleman from Sew
Yovlc has had an opportunity of being before the
Senate committee, and perhaps of being before
the House committee, and of representing there
the action lie desired in this respect. I presume
the matter has been looked into and considered
not only by the committees of the two Houses
butby the House itself. The Committee of Ways
and Means made no objection to concurring in
the Senate amendment, and for the purpose" of
disposing of the matter I will now move to \nf
the motion to reconsider ori the table. -t! '>"
Mr. WINFIELD. I ask the gentlenrtfn to
withdrawTthat motion to allow me to say a Sitigle
word.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; I
think the subject is exhausted. [Laughter.]
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table—
ayes 57, noes 41.
The following amendment, in which the Com-
mittee of Ways an,d Means recommended non-
concurrence, was read by' the Clerlt:
Sec. Ani U itfurther enacted, That before any in-
voice shall be certified by a consul, vice consul, or com-
mercial agent of the United States, a# is required by tlio
first section ot an act- entitled •< An act to prevent and
punish frauds upon the revenue, to provide tor the mrae
certain and speedy collection of claims in favor of the
United States, and for other purposes," approved 3,
1863, samples of the goods embraced in such invoice shall
be deposited with such consul, vice consul, or commercial
agent, except where, from the nature of the goods, such
deposit is impracticable.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to call the attention of
the Committee of Ways and Means to this amend-
ment, which requires samples of goods to be im-
ported to be deposited with the consul, or vice
consul, or commercial agent of the United States
at tlie port from whence it is shipped. I can
hardly understand the object of that amendment.
I think it must have been suggested by some con-
sul at Paris, at Lyons, or at Geneva, by a consul
