1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
believe both those motives are charged home upon
members on this side of the House in the argu-
ments of the gentlemen upon the other side: that
this bill, which professedly is a bill for the sup-
pression of the rebellion and to increase the means
of defraying the expenses of our Army made
necessary by the rebellion, is not really so, but
that it is only a subterfuge, and that the real ob-
ject is to plunder the oppressed citizens of the
South for the benefit of speculators in the North.
Mr. Speaker, I am not very apt to find in the
Constitution of the United States an unmeaning
sentence, especially when the language is cm-
ployed upon so important a topic as treason against
the Government; yetl dofind that the framersof
the Constitution gave to Congress full power to
punish treason. They intended, however,to limit
that punishment, whatever it might be, to the life
and person of the offender.
Now 1 ask, in all good faith, is not the person
of the offender punished by taking from him his
property equally with incarceiating him in the
penitentiary> Is it not a punishment of the per-
son to take from him his estate as much as it is
a pun ishment of his person to decapitate him ? So
that the punishment is adjudged against the person
duiing the lifetime of that person, 1 apprehend the
limitation of the Constitution is satisfied.
If this was res nova, Mr. Speaker, i fit was a new
question, I should at once most heartily agree
with the learned gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] who made an able argumentupon this side
of the question the other day. But, sir, I am some-
what staggered in my belief when I look into the
legislation of Congress immediately upon the
adoption of the Constitution. When I find in the
act of 171)0 the punishment of treason death, and
also a proviso that that punishment should carry
with it no confiscation of estate whatever, I am led
to believe that the members ofthat Congress, very
many of whom were members of the Convention
that framed the Constitution, understood the phra-
seology to mean, thatupon attainder of treason no
forfeiture of land should follow, except during the
life of the offender.
Now, my learned colleague [Mr. Bliss] suggests
that there seems to be here an absurdity. 1 felt
conscious that the astute legal mmd of that gen-
tleman could not avoid that perplexity, and hence
I desired to be made acquainted with his mode of
escape from so embarrassing a dilemma.
In all civilized countries the punishment oftrea-
son is ordinarily death. It is the highest ciime
known to the law, and is ordinarily punished by
death. If, then, the confiscation of the lands must
be only for the life of the offender, how long would
that confiscation endure? My astutefriend said,
" for a time equal to the length of his halter."
And that is true. I could not show (.He absurdity
of the conclusion attempted to be drawn by the
gentlemen on the other side in any more forcible
language than by saying that the framrrs of the
Constitution have gravely provided in ai tide three,
section three, that a traitor, condemned to be hung
as a penalty for Ins treason, shall forfeit his es-
tate until lie can be taken from his cell to the gal-
lows and executed—simply Ci for the length of his
halter." That is the necessary conclusion, if we
adopt, in its full force, the reasoning of the gen-
tlemen on the other side. The first Congress that
sat after the adoption of the Constitution passed
what is called the crimes act, defining and pun-
ishing treason. It provides that if any person or
persons owing allegiance to the United States of
America shall levy war against them, or shall ad-
here to their enemies, by giving them aid arid
comfort, and shall be thereof convicted, on con-
fession in open court or on the testimony of two
witnesses, such person or persons shall be ad-
judged guilty of treason against the United States,
and shall suffer death. If gentlemen will turn to
the twenty-fourth section of the same enactment
they will find this proviso:
" Piovided always, and bo it cnacted, tlmtno ennvietinu
or judgment for any of the offenses afoioaid shall wnik
corruption of blood or any forfeiture of estate."
Of course an intelligent Congress would pro-
vide that it would work no forfeiture of estate
at all if they were limited to a forfeiture for " the
length of the halter." It would be simply ridic-
ulous to provide that the estate should be forfeited
during the life of the felon from the time of Ins
sentence to*the time of his execution.
Now, it may be that this enactment does not
furnish any evidence of the construction given to
that clause of the Constitution by the Congress
of 1790. Still I think that the legislation goes
somewhat in that direction, and it is but fair to
consider it, so far as it is an authority, on the,
other side.
After leaving this, I encounter the Commenta-
ries of Mr. Justice Story on the Constitution; and
I must confess that, although I listened with a
great deal of satisfaction to the able argument of
the member from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well,] I was amazed to hear him say that this
distinguished jurist was no more than a second-
rate lawyer in our country.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I thinkthe
gentleman from Ohio slightly errs in quoting my
observation. It was not that Justice Story was only
a second-class lawyer, but that,as contrasted with
other men produced in this country, in the quality
of strength and grasp of intellect, he' must be reck-
oned among the second class of'great men.
Mr. SPALDING. I accept the amendment,
and still my amazement does not cease. 1 was
not prepared to hear a lawyer from Massachu-
setts say that Justice Story ranked even behind
the greatest men of the country. If wewantproof
of the standing of that man as a lawyer, let us go
to Westminster Hall where his judicial decisions
are from day to day and month to month and year
to yearcifed, not only with approbation, but with
the most exalted marks of confidence and respect.
If I understand the judicial life and history of Jus-
tice Story, he has done for this country little less
than Mansfield did for England in building up a
complete system ofcommercial law. Is that man
to be ranked behind any lawyer of our country
and ourage? Oh! if the shade of Marsluillcould
speak on this subject, he would respond and tell
you whether his long-endeared associate on the
bench was second to any of the greatest jurists of
the age in which he lived.
But, sir, I wander. Justice Story gives it as
his opinion that by the terms of this third section
of the third article of the Constitution the punish-
ment of treason, so far as confiscation is concerned,
is rcstiieted to the forfeiture for the life of the of-
fender only; and, sir, when I ventuie to differ with
that great man on the exposition of a constitu-
tional clause, I must be better informed of the
laws than I ever expect to be in this world. I
leave that branch of the subject just here.
I say to you, I am entirely satisfied with the
arguments of the learned gentlemen from Mary-
land and Massachusetts, and others, who have
gone the full length of saying that the constitu-
tional provision only limited the confiscation to
the person. I listened to their arguments, and
was gratified with them; butl cannot concur with
them when I find arrayed against them the judg-
ment of Joseph Story on this very point.
Now, admitting that on an attainder of treason
lands can only be confiscated during the life of
the person attaint, what vantage ground is gained
on the other side? I insist that that provision,
clothed in that language, having that technical
signification and meaning, has nothing whatever
to do with the act under consideration. It has
no relevancy, for it assumes that there must be
some person who can be attainted before you can
limit by this clause of the Constitution the act of
Congress.
When we take up the act to which this joint
resolution applies, we find thata new punishment
is given for treason by the last Congress. Treason
is punished by death; and it is provided that the
offender's slaves, if there be any, shall be free.
Here may be the pinch on the subject, after all.
It is in the discretion of the com t whether he shall
be impnsQned for not less than five yeais and
fined not less than $10,000, <c and his slaves, if
any, shall be made ftee."
Let us pause to inquire what would he the ic-
suk ifa person should be apprehended and brought
before the court for treason,and the court should,
under the discretion given by this enactment, in-
stead of taking the life of the offender, imprison
him for five years, and fine him in a sum of not less
than £>10,000, could not that he levied upon the ieal
estate of the offender? And if that real estate did
not amount to iron- than $30,000, would it notbe
taken in perpetuity to answer the fine ? The gen-
tleman does not claim that there is any objection
ro that, assessing the fine and levyingit upon the
lands of the offender and selling them to satisfy
that fine. I suppose that must be in perpetuity. It
seems, then, the same thing in substance to the
offender found in arms against the Government:
to take his lands in satisfaction of the fine, and to
confiscate his lands, goods, and chattels.
Mr. Speaker, 1 claim that the fifth section,and
all the branches of that Section of the act, have
nothing whatever to do with the crime of treason.
It regards open,armed rebellion against this Gov-
ernment, and confiscates the means in the hands
of the transgressor for the purpose of puttingan
end to the war and continuing our armies in ex-
istence until that is accomplished. It contem-
plates that—nothing more, nothing less.
I am met by the objection that it is not neces-
sary for the party to be arrested for treason or
tried for treason; that the word treason may never
be breathed in his ears. If he be proved to have
taken part in the great rebellion his property may
be taken by the President of the United States
and sold for the benefitof our armies. Any man
who would gainsay our constitutional and legal
right to arm him with that power has more sym-
pathy with the rebellion than with our free form
of government.
Why, Mr. Speaker, the changes have been rung
in our ears from day to day by gentlemen on the
other side of the House that we are hunting down
innocent women and children. They are shed-
ding tears over this affecting subject. If this act
is to be executed, we are told that the President
is permitted to sell the estate of rebelsinarms,and
that then their widows and children may suffer the
pangs of hunger. How is it that we cannot draw
upon these fine chords of sympathy of gentlemen
on the other side in bchalfof our womeirand chil-
dren ? What regard have they forthe widows and
children of the two hundred thousand soldiers—the
flower of our young men—who have already laid
down their lives to uphold this fair fabric of free-
dom? Never a word of sympathy from the other
side. They can see our poor soldiers return minus
an arm, minus a leg,as they pass through these lob-
bies, but their only care is to protect the property
of the rebels. And wearcasked by oneofmy col-
leagues, [Mr. Cox,] does the gentleman from New
Yoik intend to call -us traitors? My friend an-
swered modestly no! If he had asked that ques-
tion of me, he knows what my answer would have
been. I have seen rebel officers at Johnson's
Island, and I have taken them by the hartd be-
cause they have fought us fairly in the field, and
did not seek to bieak down the Government while
living under its protection. Yes, sir, that gentle-
man knows that 1 would have said to him that I
have more respect for an open and avowed traitor
in the field than for a sympathizer in this Hall.
Four months have scarcely gone by since that gen-
tleman and his political friends were advocating
the election of a man for the gubernatorial office
in my State who was an open and avowed advo-
cate of the right of secession—an outlaw at that.
They received their answer in a majority against
him of one hundred and two thousand votes.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 would ask the gentle-
man how many men in the State of Ohio voted for
Mr. Vallandigham ?
Mf. SPALDING. One hundred and eighty
thousand, and there was one hundred and two
thousand majority against him.
Mr. PENDLETON. And does the gentleman
mean to charge that that one hundred and eighty
thousand were all traitors?
Mr. SPALDING. Notjall, I trust; but I can-
not yield to the gentleman.
Mr. PENDLETON. I do not desire to press
upon the gentlemau a question that is trouble-
some.
Mr. SPALDING. It was claimed by the gentle-
man from Ohio, and those who worked with him,
that unless the Unionists curried the Stateby the
home vote, they would resist the soldiers' votes.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the, gentleman makes
that statement as applicable to me, he makes a
statement not true.
Mr. SPALDING. They have uniformly
claimed that the Democracy furnished a large pro-
portion of the soldiers to fill up the ranks of our
armies. That has been their continued claim; but
when it came to the fact of voting, they were not
ready to trust those Democratic soldiers to vote
for their candidates. That shows the confidence
they had in those of ourcitiz'-ns now in the armies
for the support of this free Government.
