2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
affairs of the colonies was also relaxed. At that
time the Canadian duties on American manufac-
tures were seven and a half per cent, more than
on similar articles made in Great Britain, but one
of the first uses made by the colonies of their in-
creased power was to equalize taxation on the
manufactures of both countries by a uniform tariff
of seven and a half per cent, on all.
As colonies of Great Britain the provinces may
easily return to preferential duties in favor of the
nation with which they are politically connected.
If they did not establish between themselves and
the mother country a system of imports,exports,
and transit, entirely free, like that prevailing be-
tween the different States of this Union, they
might have recourse to direct taxation, and adopt
so low a rate of duties on the products of all the
nations of the world that it would be almost im-
possible to enforce the tariff of the United States
along the vast frontier of the North. Already the
project of unlimited free trade finds its advocates
in Canada, and leading organs of pubhc opinion,
while admitting the benefits of reciprocity to them,
and affirming their readiness to do all that con-
sistently with their own honor can be done by
them to maintain the most friendly commercial
relations with us, significantly intimate thatadif-
fererit course, perhaps in the end not less benefi-
. cial, is open to them.
There is little room for doubt that if we rashly
and persistently pursue a hostile and exclusive
system, most of this trade now in our possession
will be divided between the colonies themselves
and Great Biitain. The provinces will be com-
pelled to execute their old project of an interco-
lonial railroad from Halifax and St. John, and
perhaps other ports, to the interior of their coun-
try, thus completing the only remaining link in
their present vast system of internal communi-
cation, and giving them uninterrupted access from
Lake St. Clair and Lake Huron to the ocean,
through their own territory, at all periods of the
year. Their people, by commercially uniting
the provinces together, may soon accomplish the
development of a system ofhome industry which
willmake them indepemientof our manufactures,
and competitors with us in every neutral mai ket.
They will become their own shippers and tradeis
for all commodities of foreign origin. Although
we may banish them and their produce and mer-
chandise from our routes of communication with
the Atlantic, it is not likely we shall divert the
traffic m American produce via the St. Lawrence
by any legislation we can adopt. We cannot
legislate for the Canadians. We can cut them
off fiom the use of our railroads and canals, but
muy fail in persuading them to adopt legislation
of the same suicidal character. It is to be ex-
pected that they will keep their channels for
freight open to our produce. We cannot compel
them to grant us a monopoly of this kind; but if
we should exclude them from our thoroughfares,
their carrying system will reap the benefit of do-
ing business for both countries—we transacting
a part of it for one only—and we shall presentto
the woild the instructive but undignified specta-
cle of men who, instead of cherishing this branch
of our industry and duecting it to the full fi uilion
of its natuial advantages, sever it from thctiunk,
even while it is supporting us.
Let those whose duty it is to watch over and
promote the permanent and substantial interests
of the country be tad away by no narrow view,
no temporary and transient feeling, but consider
and reflect upon the calm and sober judgment
formed in times of less excitement, by themselves,
the statesmen who have gone before them, and
the nation at large. " There has not,'* said Henry
Clay, often called the author of the American
system, " been%a moment since the adoption of
the present Constitution when the United States
have not been willing to apply to the trade be-
tween them and the British colonies principles of
fair reciprocity and equal competition." As it
was with him so also was it with Adams, Web-
ster, Van Buren, Marcy, Douglas, and all those
of every party who have left among us an en-
during fame as statesmen.
The appointment of commissioners on both
sides to consult carefully as to the course most
conducive to our mutual benefit appears to be less
liable to objection and to combine more advant-
ages than any other plan. On our side there are
vtuieii interests to be consulted—those of the east-
ern, central, and western States, whether they
more especially consist in the promotion of man-
ufactuics, agriculture, or commerce, or in the
united and harrr|pnious progress of all these pur-
suits. On the side of the colonies, are separate
legislatures or governments of several provinces
where different views will he taken on many
point3 of detail, perhaps of economical princi-
ples. The whole will require so much considera-
tion that I should despair of complete success
unless it should receive full and undivided atten-
tion. It will be the duty of such commissioners
to ascertain how far we may remove the obstacles
which since the date of the' treaty have, through
the legislation of Canada, impeded the trade of our
great commercial cities, impaired our manufactur-
ing interests, and tended to'diminish the amount
of inland navigation and transittrade which would
otherwise have accrued to the States bordering on
the British provinces.
We are too apt to think the interests of the na-
tion can only be advanced at the expense of in-
jury to another. In reality and under a true sys-
tem of reciprocity each of us would receive the
benefits of natural ad vantages enjoyed by the other,
which in its turn is benefited, not by withholding
participation but by inviting it. This principle
is as true and should be as universally admitted
as those of mechanical improvements or labor-
saving machinery. Hence, the words of the res-
olutions passed by the Legislature of the State of
New York express clearly and definitely the prin-
ciple by which we should be guided, saying " that
free commercial intercourse between the United
States and the British North American provinces
and possessions, developing the natural, geo-
graphical, and other advantages of each, for the
good of all, is conducive to the present interest of
each, and is the only proper basis of our inter-
course for all time to come." It has been well
illustrated by a French writer in the fable of the
blind man and the lame, who between them pos-
sessed all that was necessary for both. One guided
the other, who m his turn was carried, and each
receiving important benefits disdained too close
inquiry as to which of the two rendered the most
important service.
We are considering the commercial relations of
one eighth of the habitable surface of the world.
Of this vast region, the United States and the
people of the colonies, subject to a beneficent
Providence, control the present condition and
shape the futuie history. It has been given to us,
in the maturity of human civilization, as a new
parchment on which we may inscribe whatever
characters we choose; and the opportunity will
never return again in all the plenitude of the pres-
ent time. With nations, as with individuals,
those habits and tendencies arc easily formed in
youth, which are afterwards developed and con-
trol the career through long years or cemuties of
the future. We mefy differ from the people of the
provinces in opinion as to the best form ofgovern-
ment,lmt other nations can judge betterfor them-
selves than we can for them as to their own method
of legislation. A prohibitory or exclusive system
would be no less unnatural and injurious as to
every commercial, political, and moral result than
if we separated New York from Massachusetts,
and both of the.se from Ohio, Illinois, or Iowa.
Let us then regulate our inteicourse, not by mu-
tual fear or destiuetion, but by creating,or rather
by developing, reciprocal benefits in accordance
with the manifest designs of Him who made the
world, and who should never be mentioned ex-
cept upon occasions worthy of Him. Such a
system is doubly beneficial—
" It droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven
Upon the place beneath : it i- twice hlessed;
It ble^eth him that gives, and him that takes."
Under its influence, assisted by a wise applica-
tion of the reason with which man is endowed,
old animosities will be forgotten, and in days to
come the people of both countries, seeing plainly
that the social body of mankind, like the mate-
rial body of the individual, is provided by nature
with a healing power, will find additional reasons
to reverence Him by whom the universe itself
was framed.
Mr. PIKE obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the morning hour ex-
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to take up an
appropriation bill, unless there is some special
reason why we should go on with the reciprocity
treaty matter to-day.
Mr. ARNOLD. I suggest that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] be permitted to make
his speech, and then let the matter go over until
to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. If this matter can be fin-
ished to-day, I have no objection to allowing the
debate to go on; otherwise I will move to go to
the business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of buttwo
gentlemen who desire to speak, but the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania must decide for himself.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate have passed without amendment
a joint resolution of this House (No. 72) rela-
tive to pay of staff officers of the Lieutenant Gen-
eral.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House:
An act (No. 176) authorizing the erection of
buildings for the branch mint at San Francisco,
having been corrected, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House; and
An act (No. 250) making a grant of alternate
sections of public lands to the State-of Michigan
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said State, and for other purposes.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 185) to establish a postal
money order system; and
An act (H. R. No. 370) to appoint certain offi-
cers of the Navy.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee <?>f the Whole on the state of the Union
for the purpose of taking up the Indian appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Frank in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 240) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
June 30, 1865.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the first reading was dispensed with, and
the bill was read by paragraphs for amendments.
Under the head of "Chippewas of Lake Su-
perior," the following paragraph being under con-
sideration—
For tenth of twenty installments In coin, Roods, house-
hold furniture, and cooking utensils, agricultural imple-
ments, and cattle, carpenter-** and othertools, and building
materials, and for moial and educational purposes, per
fourth article treaty 30th September, 1854, §19,OUO—
Mr. BROOKS asked an explanation of the pay-
ment "in coin" provided for.
Mr. STEVENS. That is in accordance with
treaty stipulation.
Mr. BROOKS. Gold coin?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that it says
"gold coin;" it says "coin."
Mr. BROOKS. I thought, perhaps, it was a
misprint, and meant com.
Mr. STEVENS. No,sir,coin; these Indians
are a hard money people. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish the whites were, too.
Mr. STEVENS. The whites are more civil-
ized.
Under the heading of " Chippewas of the Mis-
sissippi, and the Pillager and Lake Winneba-
goshish bands of Chippewa Indians in Min-
nesota," the following paragraph being under
consideration—
For the employment of a sawyer, at the discretion of
the President, and to remove the saw-mill from Gull hake
reservation to the new reservation set apart, and to extend
the road between Gull Lake and Leach Lake to the junc-
tion of the Mississippi and Leach Lake livers, ami to le-
move the agency to said junction, or as near as practica-
ble, $3,000—
