1362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
March 31,
Nebraska includes the State of Kansas aud the
Territory of Nebraska. If the Senator's reason-
ing would hold good in relation to this Territory,
why not divide that surveyor general's district?
Within a few years last past the surveyor gen-
eral whose office was established at Dubuque,
Iowa, included in his district the whofcTof Iowa
arfti the whole of Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Iowa and Wisconsin are still included in the same
surveyor general's district. The division of that
district and the location of another office at St.
Paul was made because two men in the Senate
had a quarrel between them as to who should
control the patronage of the office. It was finally
settled that my former colleague, Mr. Jones,
should retain the office at Dubuque, and have the
appointment of a surveyor general and the pa-
tronage that mightaccrue in lowaand Wisconsin,
and the contestant from Minnesota should have
a new office and a new surveyorgeneial and the
patronage that might accrue in surveys in Min-
nesota. There was no public necessity for the
division of that district. There is none now for
the creation of a new district. It merely makes
an office for somebody to fill, and quarters the in-
cumbent on the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. WILKINSON. Of course the chairman
o£ the Committee on Public Lands is better in-
formed on this subject than I am, as he has made
it somewhat of a study; but in this particular
matter I think I am authorized in saying that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office disa-
grees with him. I believe everybody has confi-
dence in the integrity and good judgment of the
Commissioner of Public Lands. It is his opin-
ion that the consolidation of those suiveyor gen-
erals' offices, to the extent to which we have car-
ried it during this session*instead of working
economically will work disastrously, or rather
it Will embarrass that department.
I ha'd a conversation with him the other day
about it. So far as I am concerned, I do not care
a fig about the amendment. 1 would just as soon
have this clause stricken out as to have it iemain
in the bill; but that is the opinion of the Com-
missionerof the General Land Office, and for that
reason I oppose the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I think I ought to say on
that point that I have not conversed with the
Commissioner of the General Land Office on this
subject this year, but I did last year; and while
the statement may be true as piesented by ihe
Senator from Minnesota in relation to some feat-
ures of the bill tiiat passed at this session, I am
quite sure, unless his opinion has undergone a
change since last year, that the general .statement
is not correct. The bill that was adopted some
two years ago for the purpose of diminishing the
expenses of the survey and sale of the public
lands was drawn up in the Land Office.
Mr. WILKINSON. I undeistood the Com-
missioner to say that he thought this consolida-
tion had been canied too far at this session. He
did not speak to me about this particular bill, be-
cause it was not up at the time 1 had the conver-
sation with him.
Mr. HARLAN. But then, Mr. President, if
it was his opinion that this consolidation should
not, take place, that is, if he should carelessly
throw out an intimation of that kind, i would
account lor it in this way: there are very few of
the heads of Departments or bureaus that are will-
ing to curtail the patronage of their offices. 1 re-
member now very well that when I proposed a
year ago to consolidate the Dakota (listrict with
that of Kansas and Nebraska, or with that of
Minnesota, an objection was raised in the office,
and when I came to inquire intoihe facts lfound
- that a. brother of the Commissioner was the pres-
ent incumbent in Dakota; and supposing that
men are influenced by the ordinary motives that
sometimes sway the judgmentof men, I drew the
conclusion that that might possibly have a slight
influence on his judgment. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office, however, can know
no more about this subject than any other person
whose attention has been called to it.
Mr. WADE. 1 am rather convinced by the
argumentof the Senator from Iowa that we ought
to make this amendment, it will save one officer
and his salary.
Mr. GRIMES. It will save half a dozen,
Mr. WADE. It will save several, and the sal-
ary of one in puiticular. I am inclined to favor
the amendment myself; but I hope there will not
be much debate upon it.
*Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word to say.
When I became a citizen of the State in which I
now live the surveyorgeneral's office was at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio. His district embraced the States
of Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa,
Minnesota, and all the country west as far as the
Pacific ocean, and it remained so for a great
many years. I never heard that there was any
inconvenience experienced by anybody during
that time that we were all connected with those
States in one surveyor general's district. The
original surveys in the eastern part of the State
of Iowa were made while we were in that district,
and the returns sent to Cincinnati. It was only
some years subsequent to that time, when there
seemed to be a greater purpose to secure offices,
that that district was subdivided and new districts
created.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up'the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move thatwe informally pass
over the older of the day and continue the con-
sideration of this hill. 1 suppose it will take but
a few moments to dispose of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the special order will be passed over in-
formally and the consideration of this bill con-
tinued.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire it to be under-
stood that it is with the condition that there is to
be no fuithcr debate upon it. If we can come to
a vote on the bill at once I shall not object.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not care to make any
remarks about this amendment. I will simply
say that this proposed Territory is not an agri-
cultural country, and there is no need of any sur-
veys The Pacific raihoad is going through there;
and in all the mineral districts of the country they
do not go by the Government surveys. They
have surveys of then own. Theie is no need,
therefore, of having a surveyor general's office
then' at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POW ELL. I should like to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the committee who has
charge of this bill. I should like to know what
population is embraced within the limits of this
new Tern lory? What is his information on that
subject?
Mr. WADE. I understand, from the best light
I can get on ihe subject from the delegation from
the Terntoty about to be divided, that there are
about twelve thousand inhabitants on each side of
the mountain that divides the present Territory,
and it is very fest increasing.
Mr. POWELL. Twenty-four thousand peo-
pie.
Mr. WADE. About twenty-four thousand m
all in the whole Territory at present; about
twelve thousand in each of the Tenitones after
this division is made. Gold mines have been dis-
covered there, and the population is increasing
with great rapidity, and it is filling up very fast.
1 did not calculate to make any observations on
this bill, but the necessity for it nnses from the
fact that there are impassable mountains there
dividing the present Territory, and it is just as
necessary to have two Territories as it is to have
one. It is a vast region. The whole Territory
undivided is abouteight times as large as tlKfStute
of Ohio.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. The name of this new Ter-
ritory—Montana—stiikes me as very peculiar. 1
wish to ask the chairman of the committee what
has suggested that name ? It seems to me it must
have been borrowed from some novel or other. I
do not know how it originated.
Mr. WADE. I cannot tell anything about that.
I do not know but that it may have been borrowed
fiom a novel. I would rather borrow from the
Indians, if I could find any proper Indian name.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to suggest that
in giving a name to this Tei ntory, which is to be
hereafter the name of a State of the Union, 1
would rather take the name from the soil,a good
Indian nam*1.
Mr. WADE. Suggest one and I will agree to it
Mr. SUMNER. I am not familiar enough
with tne country to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. I will say to the Senator .
from Massachusetts that I was equally puzzled
when I saw the name in the bill, and I labored
under the same difficulty which my honorable
friend from Massachusettsseems to be in. I was
obliged to turn to my old Latin dictionary to see
if there was any meaning to the word Montana,
and I found there was.
Mr. SUMNER. What was it?
Mr. HOWARD. It is a very classical word,
pure Latin. It means a mountainous region, a
mountainous country.
Mr. WADE. Then the name is well adapted
to the Territory.
Mr. HOWARD. You will find that it is used
by Livy and some of the other Latin historians,
which is no small praise.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not care anything about
the name. If there was none in Latin or in In-
dian I suppose we have a right to make a name;
certainly just as good a right to make it as any-
body else. It is a good name enough.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the attention of the
chairman of the committee to the seventeenth
section of the bill, in the latter clause of which it
is provided "that the existing agencies and su-
perintendencies of said Indians be continued with
the same powers and duties which are now pre-
scribed by law." I will inquire of him if that
will not attach the superintendency of Indian
affairs in this Territory to Idaho? The law es-
tablishing the Territory of Idaho makes the
Governor of the Territory the superintendent,
ex officio, of Indian affairs.
Mr. WADE. I think not.
.Mr. WILKINSON. The second section of
the bill provides that the Governor shall reside
within this Territory, and "shall be commander-
in-chief of the militia and superintendent of In-
dian affairs thereof."
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no amendment
be suggested the question will be on ordering the
amendments to be engrossed and the bill to be
lead a third time.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas anda
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. My object in asking for
the yeas and nays is simply on account of the
amendment which has been adopted to this bill.
Ilad the bill stood as it originally came from the
Committee on Territories, I should not have of-
fered any opposition to it, and I shall now offer
no opposition further than to ask the privilege of
recording my vote against it. As I understand
it, the amendment which has been adopted, if, as
is contended by those who now administer the
affairs of this Government, a negro is a citizen of
the United States, gives the puvilege to every
negro in the land who shall be in this Territory
for the period of thirty days, not only to vote "but
to be eligible to any offiee in that Territory; and
it may be, if the people shall be so unwise as to
do it, that a negro may be elected to the office of
legislator of the Territory, or Delegate in Con-
gress. Being opposed to the whole system of
giving to this subordinate race any such privi-
leges, I, for this reason, shall record my vote
against the passage of this bill.
Mi. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of that
part of the bill.
The Secretary read:
" That every free male citizen of the United States" 
Mr. JOHNSON. That will do, I wfts about
to say, in oider to explain my reason for asking
for the reading of the amendment, that if the ob-
ject of the Senatorfrom Minnesota [Mr. Wilkin-
son] is to put it beyond all doubt that Africans
in theTerniory shall be peimitted to exert all
the political tights that under the bill will be exer-
cised by white men, he had better say " all black
men," instead of saying "all citizens," because
the Supreme Court of the United States has de-
cided, and that question was directly before the
court in the Drod Scott case, that a peison of Af-
rican descent is not a citizen of the United States.
The objection to the authority of that decision
did not apply at all to that particular question; it
was to the other question which u majority of the
court decided as to the unconstitutionality of the
Missouri restriction. The opinion of a large part
