1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
it merely a treasonable outbreak by-guilty indi-
viduals ?
Vattel, pages 424, 425, says;
c When in a republic the nation is divided info two op-
" .....
■tow
poMte taction*, and both Mde-s take up arms, tin-; i-> ea
a civil war." The r-overeisn indeed never fails to be*i
the appellation of rebels on all such ot hi* buby-et^ as openly
re-inlum; but when the latter have acqumd sufficient
strength to yive iiwn effectual opposition, and oblige him
to cany on the war against them according to the estab-
lished rules, he must neeesf-anly submit to the use of the
term 1 civil war.' "
"Oneaith they have no common superior. They stand
precisely in the s-ame predicament as two nation^ who en-
gage in a conteM, and, being unable to come to an agree-
ment, have recourse to aims.5'
When an insurrection becomes sufficiently for-
midable to entitle the putty to belligerent rights,
it places the contending Powers on precisely the
same footing as foreign nations at war with each
other. For all the consequences of war, of com-
bat, and of conquest they are foreign nations.
Judge Grier, in a mostable,lucid,and conclusive
opinion delivered in the piize cases, says:
u The parties belligerent m a public war are independent
nation?."
.No one acquainted with the magnitude of this
contest can deny to it the character of a civil war.
For nearly three years the con federate States have
maintained their declaration of independence by
force of arms. True, they have met with sad de-
feats. But success has not been all on one side.
But what renders their position beyond contro-
versy is, the great Powers of Europe have ac-
knowledged them as belligerents, entitled from
foreign nations to equal rights with the parent Gov-
ernment. What is still moi e conclusive, we have
acknowledged them as belligerents ourselves.
With unfortunate haste we blockaded their ports.
A blockade is declared only against a foreign na-
tion. If they were still members of the Union
we should repeal the laws granting ports of entry.
A nation does not blockade itself. \V e have treated
their captive soldiers as prisoners of war, not as
rebels; we have exchanged prisoners; we have
sent and received Hags of truce. This is not the
usage awarded to an unorganized banditti.
What, then, is the elfect uf this public war
between these belligerent, these/oj'cign nations ?
Before this war the parties were bound together
by a compact, by a treaty called a ''Constitu-
tion ." They acknowledged the validity of m uni~
cipal laws mutually binding on each. This war
has cut asunder all these ligaments, abrogated all
these obligations.
"The conventions, the tieniies made with a nation, are
biokeu or annulled b> a war arising between the contend-
ing paiUes.5'—Vattel, Book 3, chap. 10, -ec. liio.
Philhmore says, page 662:
" It wa* at one tune an international custom that tho bel
ligeieat?- should, at the biealung out ot the war, maki> a
public and solemn pioclamation that the obligation of tiea-
tie-1 between them had eea^-ed. That custom h.i^ become
obsolete. 3n the [dace of if lias arisen the g.-neial niaxun
that war, ipso facto, ubiogates tieaties between tiie bclli-
gaents "
Chancellor Kent says:
"As a gencial uile, the obligations of treaties: are ilis.-i-
pated by hostility.'1—1 Kent} J75.
Piofessor Lieber, the most learned of living
publicists, in a communication to Major General
Halleck, containing instiuctions for the govern-
ment of our aimies, which were revised by a
boat d of officers and approved of by the President,
treats the rebel States as subject to martial law
only, and not subject to the municipal laws of the
United States or to the Constitution. On -page 8
he says:
" All municipal buv of the jrionnd <m winch the armies
stand or of the cmuaiio to which thoy in-long is silent and
of no effect between ainno m the field."
Hence he deelnies the slaves free, and not to be
reenslaved, passim.
The Supreme CouU of the United States (in
Hilton vs. Jones. Dalt., ^24) lays down the same
doctrine. It decided that the revolted piovinces
of America, by the Declaration of Independence,
the formation of a government, and supporting it
by aims, become an independent foreign nation
in 1776. Yeais before their independence was ac-
knowledged by any other nation, courts applied
the law of prize to them as to other foreign na-
tions. Sergeant Wildman (page 8) says:
The piimarv effect of war i? to cxtnmueh a]! civil m-
teicour>e, and to place all the -ubjecfcs ofhclh^cutsm the
condition of enemies. This principle extend* not on!} to
the natural-bom subject^, but to all persons? domiciled in
tiweuumy'stonitories; toall who coins to resido thoro with
knowledge of the war; nnd who having come to reside before
the wai continued theii lesidence alter the commencement
o  ho-tiliu«'sioraiongertime than is necessaiy loi theii con-
venient d -paitine."
But it is said that this must be considered a
contest with rebi 1 indtviduals'only, as States in
the Union cannot make war. That is tine so
long us they remain in the Union. But they claim
to be out of the Union; and the very fact that
we have admitted them to be in a state of war, to
be belligerents, shows that they are no longer
in the Union, and that they ore waging war m
(heir corporate capacity under the corporate name
of the " confederate States,"and that such major
corporation is composed of minor corporations
called States, acting in their associated character.
It is idle to say that townships and counties and
paiishes within such States arc at peace while the
States by acknowledged majorities have declared
war. U is still more idle to say that individuals
within thebelligetent terrifory, beeausethey were
opposed to secession, and were loyal to the pa-
rent Government, aie the State, though comprising
but five per cent, of the people, and hence that the
States are not at war. Tins is ignoiing the fun-
damental principle of democratic republics, winch
is that majorities must rule, that the voice of the
majority, liowevei wicked and abandoned, is tiie
law of the State. If the minority choose to stay
within the misgoverned terriloi y, they are its cit-
izens and subjectto its conditions. Tho innocence
of individuals forms no protection (except in a
personal point of view) to those residing in ahos-
tile territory.
Yattel, page 311, says:
" When the sovereign oi inlei of a Plate declares wat
against another soveieign, it ih undei&tood that the whole
nation deebnes wai against another nation. Hence the
two nations aie enemies.and all the subjects of ilie one aie
enemies of all the subject ot the othei. Since women and
children arc subjects ol the State and member of the na-
tion, they are to be ranked in the cla-s of enemies."
Even the innocence of women and children does
not screen them from the fate of their nation. True,
in dealing with them personally, great difference
is made between the innocentand theguilty. But
how can it be said that the States are not at war?
Individuals do not make war. individuals may
take life, but they cannot make war. They can-
not be recognized as belligerents. War is made
by chartered or corporate communities, by nations
or States.
Phillimore, volume three, page 101, section
sixty-nine, says:
•c Nevnthele^jas war is the conflict ot societies, that is,
of corpoute bodie- recognizing and governed by law m all
then actions," &c.
On page J00, section sixty-eight, he says:
"Avwn between pin ate individual.-:, who aie members
of a ;-oeiet \, cannot e.us-t. The u>e of loice in such a case
a tiopa-t- or violation of municipal law, and not wai."
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
prize cases decided at its last session, says:
'• Hence, m oiganizing thi^ rebellion, they tiave actcd us
State* chummy to be ^oveieign o\ei all person^ and prop-
eit> v/iilun their le^xviive limns, and asserting a light to
absolve then citizen- liom their allegiance to the Federal
Government "
Mr. SMITH. I do notexactly under&tand the
position of the gentleman, nor do I know that the
question which 1 propose to ask will cause any
difference in the result at which the gentleman m-
iives; but fumi the lomarks aheady made by him
I desire to ask bun this question: whether he takes
the ground th.it a State, and not the individuals of
a State, commits the ciime of treason against the
Government of the United States ?
Mr. STEVENS. I take the giound, sir, that
when yau cannot punish tin m as tiaitois you can
make war with them as belligerents. It is not a
question of punishing nnd< r the Constitution, but
outside of it The^e men are enemies, and we
are tn ating them as enemies; and I ha\ e no doubt
that, as State s, they are at war with us.
Mr. SMITH. The question that 1 mean to put
dneetly, if the gentleman will allow me, is this:
whether the Government has power to punish a
State in its corporate capacity, and not the citizens
of a State as individuals ?
Mr. STEVENS. I mean to say that if a State,
as a State, makes war upon the Government and
becomes h belligerent power wo neat it as a for-
eign nation*, and wlnn we conquer it we treat it
jiistas wo do any other foreign nation. That is
my position, very distinctly.
Mr. SMITH. I understand the rule of law to
be that a corporation has neither body nor soul; i
and therefore 1 would like to ask the question
whether we can punish a State which, as a cor-
poration, has neither body nor soul?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman be right,
how then could we punish Great Britain when
we make war upon her? If she has no soul to
be damned, she certainly has a body to be lost.
[Laughter.] "When we conquer her we shall
take good care, let me tell the gentleman, that she
shall be properly punished, if we have any regard
for our people at all.
Mr. BLISS. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, if the seceded Slates are foreign gov-
ernments, what light we have to adjudicate upon
their private property.
Mr. STEVENS. When we seize it as the
property of enemies during a war Ave have a right
to take it.
Mr. BLISS. And hold jurisdiction over the
soil of a foreign country?
Mr. STEVENS. That is what I should call
amphibious action, which the gentleman will un-
derstand from my remarks.
" All persons residing within this territory whose prop-
erty may be u^ed to ineiea^e the revenues ot the hostile
Power, are in this contest liable to be treated as enemies,
though not foreigners.  
This seems to me to settle the question. This
may "work a hardship on loyal men opposed to
the war. But to escape the condition of enemies'
they must change their domicile—leave the hos-
tile State; fori again repeat there can be no neu-
trals in a hostile State. As the United States are
at war with an acknowledged belligerent, with a
foieign nation, and as such war has abrogated all
former compacts existing between them, neither
the United States nor the confederate States can,
as against the other, claim the aid of the Consti-
tution or the laws passed under it. If they still
exist, the slaveholder of South Carolina might
claim the aid of the fugitive slave law to regain
his absconded slave. So General Barksdale with
others was murdered, because he was shot down
without being tried and condemned according to
the provisions of the Constitution.
By the law of nations, the captain and crew of
a vessel are supposed to be standing on the soil
of the nation wiiose Hag the ship bears, although
in distant seas. Those armed vessels that belong
to no nation and make war are pirates. The Ala-
bama and its fellows are not treated as pirates, and
must therefore belong to an acknowledged nation.
That nation is the confederate States. But if the
territory of the confedciate States is our territory,
then he who tteads the duck of the Alabama or
Florida stands on our soil, and, plundering on the
high seas, is a pirate. We do not so treat them
until we have conquered the country held by the
confederate States. Covered by the confederate
flag, it is foreign country. When we do conquer '
it, it is a conquered country. Any other principle
would render all our conduct inconsistent and
anomalous.
If the rebel States are still in the Union I see
no reason wiiy they should not elect the next
President of the United States. Any number of
them might meet arrtl choose electois, who might
cast their votes for Presidontand Vice President,
and demand that they should be counted by Con-
gress. Or if the rebels decline to vote, then a
hundred loyal men, u who are the State," might
meet and choose electors. The few loyal men
around Fortress Monroe, or Norfolk, or Alex-
andria, and a few cleansed patches in Louisiana,
being one thousandth paitof the States, might
choose electors for their whole Slates.
The idea that the loyal citizens, though few, are
the Slate, and in State munieipalitn s may over-
rule and govern the disloyal millions, I have not
b'-en able to comprehend. If ten men fitto save
Sodom can elect a Governor and other State offi-
cers for and against the eleven hiuulnd thousand
Sodomites m Virginia, then the democratic doc-
trine that the majority shall rule is discarded and
dangerously ignored. When the docUino that the
quality and not the number of voters is to decide the
right to govern, then we have no longer a republic,
hut the worst foi m of despotism. The saints are
the salt of the earth; but the " salt of the earth" do
not carry elections and make Governors and Pres-
idents. Within die State of South Carolina a
rebel's \ ote weighs just as much as a loyal voter's.
We may conquer rebels and hold them in subjec-
tion, and legislate for them asa conquered people;
