318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
but it is mere mockery to say that, according to
any principle of popular government yet estab-
lished, a tithe of the resident inhabitants of an
organized Suite can change its form and carry on
government because they are more holy or more
loyal than the others.
From ail this the legitimate conclusion is, that
all the people and all the territory within the limits
of the organized States which, by a legitimate ma-
jority of their citizens, renounced the Constitution,
took their States out of the Union, and made war
upon the Government, aie,sofaras they are con-
cerned, subject to the laws of the State; and, so
far as the United States Government is concerned,
subject to the laws of war and of nations, both
while the war continues and when it shall be ended.
If the United States succecd, how may she treat
the vanquished belligerent? Must she treat her
precisely as if she had always been at peace? If
so, then this war on the part of the United States
has been not only a foolish but a very wicked one.
But there is no such absurd principle to restrain
the hands of the injured victor.
By the laws of war the conqueror may seize
and convert to his own use everything that be-
longs to the enemy. This may be done while the
war is raging to weaken the enemy, and when
it is ended the things seized may be retained to
pay the expenses of the war and the damages
caused by it. Towns, cities, and provinces may
be held as a punishment for an unjust war, and
as security against future aggressions. The prop-
erty thus taken is not confiscated under the Con-
stitution after conviction for treason, but is held
by virtue of the laws of war. No individual
crime need be proved against the owners. The
fact of being a belligerent enemy carries the for-
feiture with it. Here was the en or of the Presi-
dent when he vetoed the confiscation bill passed
by Congress. In the confusion of business he
overlooked the distinction between a traitor and a
belligerent enemy.
Vattcl, page 125, says:
Everything, tliciefbie, which belongs to the nation, to
the state, to thesoveieign^ to the.subject-; of whatever age or
se v —evei\ tiling of that kind, ! s;iy, falls underthe deserip-
dim of things belonging to the «'U''ioy. As to landed estate,
piopei ty <>f thu> kind does not eea.se to he enemy's prop-
eitv, though posseted by a neufial toieignei, since the
owner it- lo.-ddent in the hostile country." "Wo haven
right to deprive our enemy of hi« possesion of everything
winch may augment Ins strength and enable him to make
wai." (l\ige y(M.) -'In line, we seize on the enemy's
town**, his provinces," &e.
I am aware that a respectable judge has denied
this doctrine becausc he says, '"No nation ever
makes such conquest of its own territory." This is
assuming a fact which does not exist. The mo-
ment a Power becomes an acknowledged belliger-
ent,!/ is politically the owner of all the teriitory
within the acknowledged limit* of the hostile
Power. All the lands and towns and people within
such boundary, so far as the contending parties
ate concerned, belong tofiie belligerent so far as
the application ol tin; law* of wurand of nations
touches them. The cou i't in the pi ize cases says:
lv It i* no loose, unoiganized in-imeetion, having no de-
fined boundary or po^e^ion. It has abomidnrv mm Iced by
line* of bajonefs, and vvlneli c.ui be eroded only bvfoiee.
South of tins line is i-neinj ft i itoiy, because it'is claimed
and held in po^es^iou by an oi-janized hot tile and belliger-
ent power."
The same judge just referred fo veiy inconsist-
ently condemned as lawful prize a rebel vessel
captured by one ofour vessels. Why did he not
say,(< This property cannot be held, it belonged to
one ofour citizens; and no nation ever captures* the
propeity of its own citizensSuppose the rebels
should conquer Maryland as we have Tennessee,
and the parties should mutually agree to cease
hostilities, would not Maryland belong to the con-
federate Statesand Tennessee to the United States?
By the laws of war, when peace ensues without
any stipulation as to territory, each one maintains j
the ulipossidetis. Does notthis show that when we !
conquer a seceded State we take it as hostile tor- !
ritory and not as our own ? The confederate States [
cannot be a foreign nation for one purpose and not j
for all—for the purpose of claiming all the pro- ;
tection of a belligerent under the law of nations !;
and yet not incuiringany of its penalties. This !|
would bo showing a remarkable advantage to a |l
belligerent made up of traitors and rebels over an :i
honorable foreign nation with whom we were un- :i
fortunately at war. This would be as unjust as !l
absurd. j
Suppose the confederate States should conquer
the United States, could we claim the benefit of
the Constitution of the United States and laws
made under it? Would they not have a right to
hold us as conquered provinces, and dispose of us
as they might deem best? Certainly such is the
law of nations. And yet conservative gentlemen,
with some smattering of knowledge, ignore the
doctrine of mutuality and deny us the same rights!
How did England deal with her rebels in the
great mutiny in India? When she reconquered
"her own territory" she declared
"That their engagements had been canceled by the re-
bellion, and that the propnetary right in the soil was con-
fiscated to the British Government, which would dispose
of that right in such manner as to it might seem fitting."
To my mind there can be no doubt as to what
we have a right to do if, as I will not permit my-
self to doubt, we should finally conquer the con?
federate States. What it will be policy to do may
be more difficult to determine. My mind is fixed.
The rebels have waged the most unjust, cruel,
and causeless war that was ever prosecuted by
ruthless murderersandpirates. They havecom-
pelled the Government in self-defense to expend
billions of money. Every inch of the soil of the
guilty portion of this usurping power should be
held responsible to reimburse all the costs of the
war; to pay all the damages to private property of
loyal men; and to create an ample fund to pay pen-
sions to wounded soldiers and to the bereaved
friends of the slain. Who will object to this? Who
will consent that his constituent's and their poster-
ity shall be burdened with an immense load caused
by these bloody traitors ? Their lands if sold in fee
would produce enough forall these purposes, and
leave a large surplus. Such confiscation of course
would spare the property of those who took no
part in the war, and of the common soldieis, who
were compelled by the laws of their States to en-
ter the army.
All this done, and yet the half would be left
undone. Oppressive as would be the debt and
grievous the loss of our loyal citizens, yet if an
honorable and safe peace were made our free and
prosperous people would bear it without a mur-
mur. But if a disgraceful peace were made, leav-
ing the cause of this rebellion, and the fruitful
cause of future wars, untouched and living, its
authors would be the objects of the deepest exe-
cration and of the blackest infamy. While the
Constitution protected the institution of shivery
very few desired to disturb it in the States. There
were not three thousand abolitionists, properly
so called, in the United States. But since those
States have voluntarily thrown off that protec-
tion, and placed themselves under the Jaw of na-
tions alone, it is not only our right but our duty
to knock off every shackle from every limb. So
far us other nations are concerned, there is not a
slave in the confederate States. As we have seen,
the law of nations fixes their condition. By tluU
law no man can hold property in man.
Phillimore (1, page 316, chapter seven teen) says:
"There is a kind ofpioperty which it is equally unlaw-
ful for States or individuals to poshes*—propcityin man."
UA being endowed with intellect, pn^ion, and conscience
cannot he acquired and alienated, bought atu! sold bv hts
fellow being-., like an inanimate or an unieflecting and lr-
ie-pon'-ihir thing *'
" The Christian world ha* f-lowlyhnt iirevoealdyai rived
at the attainment of iInsgtear nuth; and it«s sound has gone
out into all lamU,and its voice info tin; ends ol the world.''
" The black man i-j nomoic capable ol txung a chattel
than the white man."
Such, thank God, is at last the national law of
the civilized world. And who ts there haseenough
111 this Republic to wish itotherwise or UyUtempt
to evade U5 lie who now wishes to reestablish
"the Union as it was" and to retain the " Con-
stitution as it is" cannot escape the guilt of at-
tempting to enslave his fellow-men.
But something more must be done than to de-
clare all men free in the rebel States. Supposing
them now to he conquered, until some legislation
by the conqueror takes place as among themselves,
their old laws and institutions will remain. Until
we declare otherwise, slaveiy will be among
their municipal laws, and will bind them 111 their
intercourse with each other. Even if you weie
to liberate every slave no wand then readmit them
into the Union us fiee States, the moment they
had acquired that standing they would leestab-
lish slavery and enslave every man of color within
their limits. You can prevent this only by amend-
ing the Constitution of the United States, pio-
hibiting slavery forever in this Republic. "The
Union as it was and the Constitution as it is" is
an atrocious idea; it is man-stealing.
There is a class of very respectable men whose
vocation and habitual reverence for the Union com-
pel them openly to condemn secession, and yet
whose arguments, and opposition to all effectual
means for its suppression, show that their whole
souls and secret yearnings are with the rebels.
They are laboring hard to establish principles
which, when the traitors are subdued, will remit
them both as States and individuals to all their
ancient rights and privileges; to the right to enter
Congress and control our councils. To this end,
mistaking the argument, they contend that the
war has not abolished State governments. I ob-
serve that a very excellent Republican member of
the last Congress from Ohio is cited as holding
thatthe rebellion has not destroyed State govern-
ments. I have never supposed that it did. On
the other hand I believe the State governments in
the rebel States to be as perfect now as before the
rebellion. But that proves what these conserva-
tive gentlemen would wish to avoid, that'being
subsisting States, capable of corporate action, they
have as States changed their allegiance from the
United States to the confederate States; and that
all the inhabitants of such hostile corporations
have forfeited all rights under the Constitution
which they have renounced; and that they are
forever estopped from claiming the "Union as
it was." It is indeed true thatthe United States
may give them those rights if it choose, but they
cannot claim them. Nor do I contend that the
rebellion has abolished slavery so far as it re-
spects the citizens ofthe rebel States. Over them
the State laws have full power until changed
by the conqueror. But as to all the rest of the
world, as to the United States and foreign nations,
thefc is no law, no rule of international action
which requires them to respect the slave laws of
the States. Foreign nations never were thus
bound, and have never so regarded them. A slave
escaping from South Carolina to Canada, or Ja-
maica,^ free; and there is no comity of nations
which requires his return to his master. Were
it not for a single provision of the Constitution
every State of the Union would have been on the
same footing as foreign nations. That provision,
thank God, is now dead—killed by the traitois
themselves. All this struggle by calm and dignified
and moderate patriots; all this clamor against rad-
icals; all this cry of " the Union as it was and the
Constitution as it is," is but a persistent effort to
reestablish slavery, and to rivet anew and forever
the chains'of bondage on the limbs of immortal
beings. May the God of justice thwart their de-
signs and paralyze their wicked efforts!
I pray gentlemen to consider that any other
doctrine than this will fatally hamper them when
they come to reestablish this Government.
To gentlemen who were members of the last
Congress this is but repetition. At the extra
session of 1SG1 I advanced the same suggestions;
and I have repeated them on all occasions that I
deemed proper since. They were not then quite
acceptable to cither side ofthe House. But I am
glad to find that the President, after careful ex-
amination, has come to the same conclusion. In
details we may not quite agree; but his plan of
reconstruction assumes the same general grounds.
It proposes to treat the rebel territory as a con-
queror alone would treat it. His plan is wholly
outside of and unknown to the Constitution. But
it is within the legitimate province ofthe laws of
war. His legal mind has carefully studied the
law of nations and reached a just conclusion.
The condition of the rebel States having been
thus fixed, reconstruction becomes an easier ques-
tion, because we are untrammeled by municipal
compacts and laws—that refuge of conservative
sympathizers with our "erring brethren." The
President may not strike as direct a blow with a
battering-ram against this Babel as some impetu-
ous-gentlemen would desire; hut with his usual
shrewdness and caution he is picking out the mor-
tar from the joints until eventually the whole
tower will fall.
When the free North shall be united, when that
odious party which is inspired by the love of
slavery alone shall have sunk into utter contempt
and be despised of all men, then will the traitors'
hearts sink within them; then will the b ravu fiee-
men of the North, aided, by persecuted loyal men
