13G4
THE COMPRESSIONA-L' GLOBE.
March 31,
ing, wisdom, and ability, and am proud that there
are such pages in the jurisprudence of my coun-
try. But my sentiments toward the court of that
day are warmed also by personal experience. It
is among the cherished reminiscences of many
years ago that I was privileged to know, as a
youth might know, that illustrious magistrate
whom iM Senator praises so well. He received
me at his table and allowed me to accompany him
in his walk#. He was a venerable character. But
I pray the Senator not to claim for the Dred Scott
„ decision any of the reverence which justly be-
long? to his name. There is no question now of
tribute to Chief Justice Marshall, or respect for
the decisions of the tribunal while lie presided
over it. The Dred Scott decision is more noticed
from its contrast with all that is good and great in
the decisions of other days. It is hard that the
tribunal which had established such an authority
among us should do an act by which all Us author-
ity has been endangered.
But this whole debate is in the nature of a di-
version or a deviation, and therefore I bring it
back to the precise point from which it started.
The Senator from Maryland invoked the JDn'd
Scott decision as a reason why Congress should
not recognize colored personsaseitizens. In the
remark which I made it was my purpose to vin-
dicate the right of Congress to interpiet the Con-
stitution without any constraint from the Supreme
Court. Each branch of the Government must
interpiet the Constitution for itself, according to
Us own sense of obligation under the oath we
have all taken. And God forbid that Congress
should consent to wear the strait-jacket of the
Dred Scott decision!
Mr. JOHNSON. This debate is not of my
seeking,and I do not propose to continue it at any
length. The honorable membei fiom Massachu-
setts is mistaken if he supposes 1 have attempted
to criticise him or any other Senator. I always
listen to. him with pleasure; and (here is no man
who is more logical, moie po wet ful, more leai ned,
and, above all, who exhibits upon all occasions
such admirable taste. I have not attempted to
vindicate the Dred Scott decision. I have ex-
pressed no opinion of my own. What I do object
to is that the honoiable member should in this
instance have departed fiom that rule of good
laste which in the general almost ever character-
izes him, and indulged in opprobrious epithets in
relation Io the decision and to the tribunal by
whom the decision was pionouncrd. llc,m his
place, thought pioper to tell the public that the
decision was a disgrace. That is no comment
upon the decision. It may be wrong in the jtulg-
mentof the enlightened Senator from Massachu-
setts, who always sees truth just as she is, who
never can be wrong, perhaps, m his opinion, who
certainly does not seem to think it possible that
he can be wrong m this instance. The decision
may beeironeous; bin in the judgment of a great
many othcis it is barely possible—and I submit
it to ihe rcllcction of the honorable member from
Massachusetts that when the reasoning of the
Chief Justice and of the court by whom that de-
cision was pronounced is held in the one hand,
Hnd the icasoning, if U can be called reasoning,
to which the honorable member from Massachu-
setts lias icferreri is held m the other—I say it is
barely possible that very well-judging men may
think that the weight of authority is in the right
hand. I do not say that it is.
Ihe honorable member has been a guest of
t'hief JusUee Marshall. I um glad lo hear it,
but somewhat surprised that the teachings that
he must have had at that time have apparently
been so entirely forgotten. DU1 he ever learn
«hom the hps of that man that itwrs either wise,
or prudent, or politic, or statesmanlike, to assail
witli vitupeiative epithets the decision of the
hr^heNt tuimnal in the land? That man was as-
sailed in hi-s day and geneiation. He who led
the Democracy? controlled by pnjudicc, under
which, as i think, the honorable member from
Massachusetts, more or less, now stands, pre-
cediiigand during the fiial of Butr,and preceding
find dunug the decision of tin, case, McCulloch
vx. The State of Maryland, denounced the Chief
Justice in terms of biting severity, which, I have
no doubt, he regretted before he was called to his
account. He charged Marshall with willfully
dismissing the prosecution against Bun; and yet
who now remembers, unless his attention is called
to it, the anathemas of Jefferson, and who has not
always in fresh recollection, as one of the most
cherished of the recollections of his life, theSiigh
and spotless honor and matchless ability of Mar-
shall?
As to the capacity of the present Chief Justice,
let me say to the honorable member I am some
years older than he is; itwas my good fortune to
be with the present Chief Justice and opposed to
him while at the bar, and almost every day for
yearsf and for consummate ability'in his profes-
sion, for unsullied integrity in all the relations of
life, while he graced and honored our bar, there
was no man in the Government, and no man in
any other Government, acquainted with his char-
acter, who would think himself at all disparaged
by having Taney considered, in the judgment of
the men who ^new him, his equal. And without
meaning to ofiend the honorable member from
Massachusetts, and with all the personal regard
which I feel for him, and rccollectingthecourtesy
that he has extended to me, and which I have re-
ciprocated from the bottom of my heart, I say to
him, without any purpose of offense, that if 1 am
obliged to aet upon the weight of authority upon
all questions of constitutional law, I shall prefer
holding to the opinion of Taney than holding to
the opinion of the honorable member.
Mr. I1AL15. Mr. President, 1 believe it is not
a great many years since the Senate of the State
of Now Yoik was a supreme court of errors, to
revise the proceedings of the highest judicial tri-
bunal of that State. I was not aware that such
was our position, that the Senate of the United
States was a court for the revision of the errors
of the Supreme Court of the United States; but
it seems to be so considered. I do not propose
to enter into this discussion, but simply to make
a single remark, in which I am compelled to dif-
fer with my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts. lie says that the Dred Scott decision was
a dtsgiace 'to the Supreme Court of the United
Suites. 1 do not buheve that I think any better
of that decision than he does: I think it was an
outrage upon the civilization of the age and a
libel upon the law, hut I do not think it was a
disgrace to the Supreme Court of the United
States. (Laughter, j
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel bound to interpose.
It-was understood that this bill was not to be
discussed; and unless the discussion ceases, 1
must call for the order of the day. If a vote can
be taken, I have no objection.
The VICK PltESl D12NT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the passage of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 8; as follows:
YE \S—ftiflwn, Clnik, Coltamei, Conner, Di\-
on, Doohnte, I'Y^cmlen, Fool, Fosiei, Chimes Hale,
liailan, J Jams*, llelidejMin, Jlowatd, Howe, Lane ot In-
diauiu Moreno, Momll, Nccinith, I'omeioy, lUtiiM-y, Shci
man, Hunniei, Ton Klyclc, Tiumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
and VVU-on—-20.
NA VS—Wcsms. Buckatew, Pavh, Johnson, Powell,
ltiddle, SnuUbuiy, Vim Winkle, and Willey— S.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. 80) to provide for the better
oiganization of Indian affairs in California.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 272)
for the leliefof Julia A. Ames; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED KILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 308) relating to acting as-
sistant paymasters in the Navy, and regulating
the appointmentof cadets in the Naval Academy;
which was thereupon signed by the Vice Presi-
dent.
AMENDMENTS TO TXIE CONSTITUTION.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 10) proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The joint resolution, as originally introduced
by Mr. Henderson, proposed the following arti-
lj cles as amendments to the Constitution of the
h United States, which, when adopted by the Le-
gislatures of three fourths of the several States,
shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as part
of the Constitution:
Art, 1. Slavery or involuntaiy servitude, except as a
punishment for crime, shall not exist in tlie United States.
Art.2. The Congress, wheneveramajoiityof the mem-
bers elected to each Hou&e shall deem it necessary, may
propose amendments to the Constitution, or, on tin: appli-
cation of the Legislatures of a majority of the several Stales,
shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which
m either case shall bo vnlidj to all intents and purposes,as
part of the Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures
of two thirds of the several States, or by conventions, in
two thirds thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratifica-
tion may be proposed by Congress.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed an
amendment to strike out all after the resolving
clause and insert the following:
(Two thirds of both Houses concun inpr,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the several
States a& an amendment to the Constitution of the {Tinted
States, which, when mtified by ihree fourths ol «-aul Le-
gislatures, shall be valid, to all intents and purposes, as a
pan of the said Constitution, namely:
Article Xfll.
Sec. 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for ciime, whereof the patty shall have
been duly convicted, shall exist withm the United States,
or any place subject to then jimsdiction.
Sf.c -2 Congi ess shall have power to enforce this article
by appropriate legislation.
Yesterday Mr. Davis moved to amend the
amendment by striking out all after the word
" that," and inserting:
The States ofMaine.New Ilampshiie,and Veimontare
formed into and shall constitute one State of the United
States, to be called North New England; and the States
ot Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode island, includ-
ing the Providence Plantations, ate formetf into and con-
stitute one Suite of the United States, to be called South
New England; and Congies* shall pu-ss all laws neer^ary
and pioper lo give full eflect to this amendment of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the joint
resolution now before the Senate, reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, proposes an amend-
ment to the Constitution to provide that '' neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a
punishment for ciime, whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, shall exist within the Uni-
ted States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-
tion." I engage in the discussion of this proposed
amendment to the Constitution, not from any de-
sire to treat of a subject not only distasteful to
myself, but which I believe is distasteful to the
country, but from a sense of duty to those whom
I represent.
We have grown, Mr. President, vain enough
to imagine that had we been the creators of the
universe and of all things that exist therein, we
could improve upon the workmanship of the Al-
mighty. Had such been the case, no Eve would
have plucked the forbidden fruit; no Adam would
have been doomed to earn his bread in the sweat
of his brow; the earth would not have been so
cursed ns to bring forth briers and thistles; the
air would have been always balmy; the food
of man would have been manna; every cedar
would have been as those of Lebanon, and every
twig as the majestic tree of the forest. No tor-
nado's blast, no earthquake shock would have
affrighted or alarmed the world, or destroyed any
portion of the human race. Vernal flowers would
have bloomed throughout the year; nothing but
happiness, universal happiness, would have ever
existed. Hut, sir, we were not the creators of the
universe or of existence anywhere, and we must
look at questions in a practical light, view them
according to the circumstances by which we are
surrounded and by the light of current e^ cnts. In
that light I prop-ose to view the question now be-
fore the Senate.
Slavery had existed under some form or other
from the first period of recorded history. Itdates
back even beyond the period of Abraham, the
father of the faithful, in whose seed all the na-
tions of the earth were to be blessed. We find
that immediately after the ilood the Almighty,
for purposes inscrutable to us, condemned a whole
race to servitude: "Vayomer Orur Knoan Efet
•flfoatim Yeahio Le-echot:,> "And he said, Cuised
be Canaan; slave of slaves he shall be to his
brethren."
It continued among all people until the advent
of the Christian era. It was recognized in that
new dispensation which was to supersede the old.
It has the sanction of God's own apostle; for
when Paul sent "back Onesimus to Philemon,
whom did he send? A freeman? No, sir. He
