Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Fenton had been called out of the House by im-
portant business.
* Mr. FAUNS WORTH stated that he had paired
wife Mr. J. C. Allen.
The SPEAKER. The question recars on the
substitute offered by Mr. Broomall.
Mi". RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the evening session be dispensed with.
The motion was not agreed to.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
House took a recess until half past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock.
INTERNATIONAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. W ASHBTJRNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent to take from the Speaker's table,
tor action, an act (S. No. 302) to encourage and
facilitate telegraphic communication between the
eastern and western continents.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. F. CLARKE objected.
POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion of Mr. ALLEY, the Senate amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 532) to estab-
lish certain post roads were taken from the table,
aiid concurred in.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendments were concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANLER introduced the following res-
olution; which was referred under the rule to the
Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the chairman of tile Printing Committee
be, and hereby is, directed to cause to be printed for the
ttse of this House ten thousand copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, made in puisuance of the res-
olution ofthe Sqnate of the Un ited States, dated 12th March,
1883, and relating to our foreign and domestic commerce,
including, as well, that of the Pacific coast.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD, the Senate amend-
ment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 68) to-
release certain goods from the payment of duties
was taken from the Speaker's table for consider-
ation.
■ The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized to release and discharge the Irish national fair,
recently held at Chicago, of and from all liabilities hereto-
fore incurred for or on account of having sold goods or
lottery tickets" without license or stamp, and of and from
tlw' payment of all license fees, stamp' duties, or penalties
incurred by reason of the sales aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to*
Mr. ARNOLD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment >ya9 agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREAfy WITH COLOMBIA.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table a bill of the Senate_(No.
335) to carry into effect the convention between
the United States of America and the United
States of Colombia. It will take but a moment
to pass it. I understand from the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign AlFairs of the Senate
that they have passed upon it, and that it is ne-
cessary that it should be passeu this session.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill provides that for the purpose of giving
effect to the convention signed by the plenipoten-
tiaries of the United States of America and the
United States of Colombia on the 10th of Febru-
ary, 1864, extending and renewing the provision
of the convention with the republic of Nicaragua
of the 10th of September, 1857, the first eight
sections ofthe act to carry into effect the conven-
tion between the United States and the republic
of jVicarnguaand Costa Rica, approved February
30, 1861, be renewed, reenacted, and made appli-
cable to the said convention of the 10th of Feb-
ruary, 1864.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which, under
the rule, was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That three thousand copies of the report of the
special committee on the northeastern boundary be printed
for the use of the House.
PATENTS FOR CERTAIN 1ANDS.
.Mr. SLOAN",by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on. Public Lands a bill to
authorize the issuing of patents for certain lands
in the town of Stockbridge, State of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POTOMAC FERRY COMPANY.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table a bill (S.
No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac Ferry Com-
pany.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed bills of the House of the following
titles, severally with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested:
An act (No. 483) granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
Lake Superior to Puget sound, on the Pacific coast,
by the northern route; and
An act (No. 411) to encourage immigration.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.*
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced the following resolution, which, under the
rule, was referred to the Committee on Printing,
namely:
Resolved, That ten thousand additional copies of the re-
port of the Commissioner of Agriculture, for the year 1863,
be printed for the use of the Aguculturat Department.
CONSCRIPTION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK'. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill known as the
conscription bill, the pending amendment being
the substitute offered by the gentleman from'Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Broomall.
The substitute was reported, as follows:
That iiereafter no person shall be received or accepted
to serve in the Army of the United States as a substitute
for any other person liable to military duty and who may
have been enrolled or drafted for that purpose.
Kec. 2. Jlwl be it further enacted, That the term of ser-
vice of all soldiers hereafter volunteering or being drafted
shall bo one year unless sooner discharged, and that, in
lieu of all bounties, their pay shall be thirty dollars per
month.
Sec. 3. And, be it further enacted, That all persons here-
after volunteering shall be credited to the city or county in
which they are liable to draft, if so liable, and if not, then
to the city or county whteh they shall eleet.
Sec. 4. be it farther enacted, That the payment Of
commutation money under existing laws shall exempt the
person paying it from draft for one year, unless within that
period nil pei^ons liable to draft in his city or county shall
be drafted and mustered into service, or shall pay commu-
tation money, in '.vlucli case he shall be again liable to
draft.
Sec. 5. •And be it further enacted, That section three of
an act entitled " An act to amend an act entitled ' An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,' " approved February 24,1864, be, and the
same is hereby, amended so as to authorize and direct dis-
trict provost marshals, under the direction of the Piovost
Marshal General, to make a draft lor fifty percent, in ad-
dition to the number required to fill tile quota of any dis-
trict, as provided by said section.
Sec. 6. Jindbeit further enacted, That, instead of travel-
ing pay, all drafted persons reporting at the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed transportation from their places
of residence; and persons discharged at the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed transportation to their places of
residence.
The substitute was not agfeed to.
Mt\ STEVENS. I would now inquire what
there is left to act upon ?
The SPEAKER. All of the original bill ex-'
cept the first two sections.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer as a substitute for
the bill what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The substitute was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe United States of Jlmericain Congress assembled. That
the President ofthe 'United States is authorized to call into
military service not exceeding five hundred thousand men,
in addition to those already called for, to serve for two
years, unless sooner discharged, and that if not otherwise
obtained a draft may be ordered to take plaec within forty
days, or attach time thereafter as the President may direet.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That any person who
is liable to draft and lias been regularly enrolled, may pui-
chas,e exemption from draft for the term of two years or
until the roll is exhausted, by paying $300 at any time not
less than ten days before the time fixed for such draft. Any
person who may be draited may purchase the like exemp-
tion by paying $500 at any time not less than ten days after
he shall be duly notified that he is drafted. The commu-
tation money thus paid shall go into the Treasury for the
purpose of paying the bounttesherein provided for.
Sec. 3. be it further enacted, That to enable the
several States to raise the number of troops allotted to them
respectively* theGovemoisot said States may appoint such
number of recruiting officers as they may deem proper, and
when companies and regiments shall be enlisted, shall
commission such company and regimental officers as shall
be deemed competent.
Sec. 4. Jind he it further enacted, That when, in the
judgment ofthe President, the regiments ofthe Aiiny are
so reduced as to require consolidation, they may be con-
solidated, and the supernumerary officers may be detailed
for the purpose of raising new companies and regiments.
Sec. 5. *&nd be it further enacted, That if the requisite
number of soldiers shall not be raised at the first draft, a
second draft may be ordered to take place within ten days,
or any longer peiiod which the President may deem proper,
ofthe men remaining uriexempted and undrawn, and may
be repeated from time to time until the full number shall
be obtained.
Sec. 6. Jind be it further enacted, That every person
who shall volunteer as a soldier and be regularly enlisted,
shall receive a bounty of .$500, one half thereof to be paid
to him when mustered into the service of the United
States, and tho other half at the end of his term of ser-
vice, or if honorably discharged; or if he shall be killed
or die in the service before the expiration of his term of
enlistment, it shall go to his widow, it there be one, and in
ease there be no widow, then to his children, and in ease
there be no widow or children, then to his personal repre-
sentatives.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
for any of the States to send recruiting agents into any of
the rebel States to enlist soldiers, who shall be credited to
the State that may piocure their enlistment, and it shall be
the duty of the Secretary of War to approve the appoint-
ment of agents by fhe Governors of the respective States.
Sec.8. Jind be it farther enacted, That enrolled men may
furnish substitutes either before or after they may be drafted
according to the present law, who shall be accepted tVith-
out regard to color, if otherwise competent.
Sec. 9. Jind be it fwither enacted, That the Jaw with re-
gard to persons conscientiously opposed to bearing arms
hltall not be altered or affected by this act, except so far a3
it regards the amount of money to be paid for exemptions.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful lor the Picsident, it he shall deem it expedient, to ae-
cept the services of any number not exceeding fifty thou-
sand volunteers, between the ages of forty-five and fifty-five,
to be used for post or garrison duty, who shall be called the
"OldGuard." Such soldiers, wnen enlisted fortwoyears,
unless sooner discharged, shall be entitled to receive $100
bounty, one half to be paid when mustered into service,
the other half at the expiration of their term, if honorably
discharged; and if they should be killed or die in the ser-
vice ofthe United States, it shall be paid to their respect-
ive widows, children, or personal representatives, in the
same maimer a^ is provided in section six of this act; and
they and their heirs shall be entitled to such pensions as
are now provided by law for other soldiers. When a drafted
man shall claim exemption on account of physical disabil-
ity the surgeon shall examine into the degree of disability.
If found unfit for active field service, and fit for garrison
or post service, he shall be certified accordingly and placed
into the " Old Guard."
Mr. CHANLER. 13 it the intention of tho
gentleman to reduce the amount of commutation?
Mr. STEVENS. The substitute says that
commutation may be had, if paid before a draft,
for $300; if not until after draft, for §500. But I
am willing to do what the House thinks right.
Mr. CHANLER. I would suggest that if the
gentleman will retain the commutation provision
as it now stands, there seems to be no objection
to his substitute. An increase of the commuta-
tion will most likely be fatal to the measure.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a question. I under-
stood the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
th6 Military Committee, to say that it was men
and not money that the Government wanted.
_ Mr. STEVENS. That is not asking a ques-
tion of me.
TEMPORARY DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to give
way to allow me to offer a joint resolution to
which I presume there will be no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
