1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1805
sent his Sov\os, [rfoufos,] a slave-born as such, not
even his andrapndnn, who was such by captivity
in war. Among all people and in a!i agos_ has
this institution, if such it is to be called, existed
and had the countenance of wise and good men,
and even of the Christian church itself until these
modern times, up at least to the nineteenth cen-
tury. It exists in this country, and has existed
from the beginning.
Mr. President, m 1783 fhcrc existed on the
A tlantic slope of what was once the United States
of America, and which I trust will yet in the
providence of God again become the United States
of America, thirteen independent, free, absolute
political sovereignties. In the treaty between
Great Britain and the colonies which recognized
their independence, those colonies were distinctly
named, each one, and each was recognized as an
independent and sovereign State. They had in
fact been independent since the 4th of July, 1776;
and before their lecognition by the mother coun-
try they had entered into Articles of Confedera-
tion by which they were to be governed. Al-
* though I am no secessionist, and never have
been, and never expect to be, it may be refresh-
ing m these times to call the attention of tiie Sen-
ate and of the country to one very important fact
in this connection, and that is that the Articles of
Confederation were entered into not for any tem-
porary purpose; they were articles existing be-
tween all the thirteen original colonies, and the
Union thereby formed was declared to be a per-
petual Union, and the faith of each and of all was
pledged to the maintenance and the preservation
of that perpetual Union. Sir, we ate sprung from
a race of secessionists, however much we may
discard the name now, and however excited may
be our feelings toward those deluded brethren
who have undertaken to assert the right of seces-
sion and to act upon it, in our judgment without
sufficient cause, unwisely for themselves, injuri-
ously to us, injuriously to the woild both now
and throughout fufute time. In those A rticics of
Confederation it is declared thus;
'• Whereas the delegates of the United States of America
in Congress a^embjed did. on tite 35th day of Novcmbei,
in the ye.tr of our Lend J 777. and ni the second 3*0.11 of the
independence ot Anierea, agico to certain aruclc-5 of con-
t'edeiation and pci pciuM union between the .States ot
Hampshire, M<i^aehu>ett> Bay. Rhode I-land and 1'iovi-
denee Plantation^, Connecticut, New York, New Jet^ey,
Pennsylvania, Delawaio, IVlai\iand, Virginia. North Caro-
lina, >Souih (Jaiohna, and Geoigia, 111 the woids loUowing,
namely:}'
Then, after reciting the Articles of Confedera-
tion, the convention of ratification goes on to
declare:
u And whereas il hath pleased the great Governor of the
world 10 incline the heart* of the Lemsdatures we respect-
ively lepte^ent in Confess to apjuove ol, and to author-
ize u-< to ratify, tiie raid article* of confederation and per-
petual union . Know ye, that we the underpinned delegates,
bv virtue of the power and authoiny to u  given lot that
purpose, do bv these pie>ent , 111 the name and m behalf
of 0111 re-peetive condiments, fully and emitel) lumyaHd
confirm each and eveivot the --aid at tide-, or confodeiation
and perpetual union, and all and Miiuuiar the matiejs and
tiling- therein contained , and we do tuithei :-oieinniv plight
and engage the taith of oat respective constituent!, that
fhey rluill abide In the detenu uiation* of {he United State*,
in Congress a^cmbied, on all questions which by tiie said
Contedemtiou arc -ntnnitted totliem ; and that fne aifiele^
theieot shall be inviolably obs-ei v<;d by the States we ic-
^p-'ctively leprescnt, and th.it the union akall be popd-
ual.
And yet, sir* in nine short years, in violation
of the solemn stipulations contained in the Articles
of Confedeirttion, and in violation of that spirit of
union to the pieservation of which the faith of
each and every one of those States, and of the
people theieofjWas pledged, what do we find?
AH tiie other States seceding from New York,
Vnginia, North Carolina, and Rhode Island.
Have we followed the example which ourfatheis
set us in treating of the great question which now
agitates and which for three years past hasaijitated
tiie public mind? Have we done asjohn Ctuincy
Adams said would be wise, in 1801), in a public
address in New Yotk, that when the aftectionsof i
the people of one poition of the country became j
alienated from tiie other, and nothing could keep j
together the alienated parts but force, then we !
should recur to the early precedents in our his-
tory, follow those examples, endeavor to reunite
the whole by peaceful and wise remedies? No,
sir, but war desolates the land,and nothing, it
seems, but blood cm satisfy the people. j
Mr. Piesidem,at tJi'Mune the coloniesdechued
themselves fiee of the parent counti y slavery ex-
isted in every one of them. It had been trails-
planted from other shores, transplanted here to
a great extent against the-remonstrances of tho
colonies themselves. When the Declaration of
Independence was formed, which is often quoted
as evidence that these modern doctrines in refer-
ence to slavery are the correct doctrines, every
one of the colonies which helped to frame that
declaration was a slaveholding colony, and most
of the men who were members of that Congress
were slaveholders. Because they insei ted in the
beginning of that declaration a general specula-
tive truth that "all men are created equal," it is
said that was an acknowledgment by them that
slavery itself was wrong. Why, Mr. President,
how absurd! The authors of the very instru-
ment, themselves slaveholders, declaring to the
woild that they were criminals, and up to the
time of their death, by holding slaves m bond-
age, continued to he criminals 1 No, sir. They
weie speaking not of the rights of the subject lace
in their own midst, but of those rights to free and
independent government which distinct political
communities had, and that as against other dis-
tinct political communities a separate people had
a t ight to govern itself, and derived that right from
their Creator. It might with as much reason be
contended that because in the preamble to the
Constitution it is said" We, the people of the
United States,'' that thereby is meant that the
negro race, the slaves at that day, helped to form
the Constitution of the United States because they
arc persons. But in the sense m which the in-
strument was foimed they constitute no people,
having no voice in the Government under which
they live.
Slavery being transplanted to thiscountry, and
the slave trade continued too in the Constitution
of the United States by the ft timers of that instru-
ment for twenty yeais, and that by the vote of
some two or three of the New England States,
wc aie told in the face of these facts that the fram-
ors of the Declaiation of Independence and the
framers of the Constitution of the United States
were opposed to the existence of slavery, that
they bore testimony ngamsf ir, and that the desire
expressed now by some of us that it should not
be interfered with is a departuie from the wisdom
and the policy of the fathers.
Why, sir, in that instrument they not only con-
tinued the foreign slave trade for twenty years,
but they guarded and protected the right of the
master to his slave by ptoviMons which if they
had been faithfully ohseived these unhappy times
would not now be upon us. They provided for
the return of the escaped fugitive,and in the lan-
guage of Justice Story that provision was essen-
tial to the formation of the Union, and unless it
had been ineoi porated in the Constitution no
Union could have been formed.
But, sir, the, i'atheis left the matter not there;
but during the iiisi Administration, dmmg the
ps iiod that Washington was President of the Uni-
ted States, to cat t y out in good faith tins provision
of the Fcdt tal Const .tution, the first fugitive slave
act was foimed. He, who among men was the
foremost of aM men, whose memorynot only the
people of this country have honored, but whose
memory is dear to freemen everywhere through-
out the woild, gave the sanction of his greatnamc
to tne first fugitive slave law that was formed,
lie did not pi oiess to bo wiser than the Almighty,
nor baiter than Paul, who leunned tiie slave to
his master; atid although men daie not, even in j
these deluded days, and amid the wild cxcitc-,
meat which now  a^es through the North, arraign >
Ins memory or stain his character, they cannot j
withdraw him from the class to which he belonged, 1
the class of slaveholders, and the attempt now to j
repeal the fugitive slave act is only an attempt to
repeal that which, had he been living at the pies- '
ent day, would luwe received ins sanction, if we
can judge by his act when he signed the bill of.
1793.
Mr. President, the question before the Senate
is whether the resolution proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary shall he adopted by this
body and the proposed constitutional amend-
ments be submitted to the States. I may be about
to announce a heresy, but if it be heresy I fumly
believe in the truth of it, that it fne Seitateof the
United S.-ates were to adopt this joint rof-olulion,
and weie to submit it to all tin' Stages ot this
Union, and if thiee fouiths of ihe State* Miouid ,
ratify the amendment, it would not be binding on
any State whose interest was affected by it if that
State protested against it. I know the popular
doctrine is, that if a convention is called by two
thirds of the States and proposesanyamendmen.ts
whatever to the Constitution, which amendments
are ratified by three fourths of the States, such
amendments then become the supreme law of the
land, and are binding on each and every State.—
those who had not assented to them as well as those
who had. Such is not the opinion which I enter-
tain of tins matter. I may be in error; I know my
view is against the popular opinion; but let us test
it and see who is right and who is wrong. Who
framed this Constitntion ? Who made it?
The preamble to the Constitution commences,
" We, the people of the United States,"and hence
some say that this is a popular Government;
and they would have you believe that it has the
same effect as though the people in mass meeting
had fiamed it. Sir, that clause of the Constitution
is susceptible of a rendering perfectly legitimate
which would do away with this idea, even if the
preamble to the Constitution could govern its pro-
visions, and that is, "We, the people of the States
united," who are but the people of the United
States. Sir, that Constitution was framed by the
States, by the people of the States, who elected
delegates to their conventions or Legislatures. It
was submitted separately to each State. It never
was submitted to the people of the United States
as an aggregate body. It was not even submit-
ted to the Congiess of the United States elected
by the people from the particular States. It was
not submitted to a general convention of delegates
elected in the difFeient States, but it was submit-
ted directly and immediately to the States them-
selves. It was to bind no State, and had no effect
in any State except those States which, in their
independent and separate character, ratified it.
Our seceding fathers withdrew not en m.asse from
the old Articles ofConfedeiation. The State which
I have the honoi in part to represent, although
now one of the least populous in the Union, was
the first seceder. New Jersey, Pennsylvama,and
other States followed, unul finally New Hamp-
shire made secession complete from the other
States by latifying that Constitution. New York,
Virginia,Noith Carolina,and Rhode Island were
left to determine the great issue of peaceable sep-
aration or forcible opposition to it. They were
left to try the power of military coercion or to
exclaim that their wayward sisters might depart
in peace. New Yotk and Virginia soon seceded
ftom the old Confederation and came in, and finally
North Carolina; but Rhode Island would not
whip them back again.
1 am not going to discuss the question of the
power of the Federal Government to coerce States
back into the Union. This is not the time to dis-
cuss any such question. It has been discussed
hcietofore. We are now engaged in war, and we
must look to the great and momentous issues of
wdi and to the circumstances by which we are
surrounded. I do not propose to enter into any
discussion of that character; but I will say this,
as a historical and legal truth, that there was as
much authority in Rhode Island and these other
Suites, when the nine left them, to coerce them
back and make them live up to their plighted
faith, for the preservation of this "perpetual
Union," to which their honors were plighted, as
there is in the Federal Government to coerce any
of the seceded States back a^ain. Those, how-
ever, were practical days. Piacticul men lived in
those days. They put sued a different plan, and
a " more perfect Union " was formed than that
created by the At tides of Confederation If out
of all this tumble war and the struggles between
the several States a more perfect Union shall be
foimed, a Union in which the lights of ihe citizen
and of the States ? hall be respected, and m which
civil liberty shall be preserved, no one will be
m<>te 1 <joiced than myself.
But, Mr, I dented ihe proposition that K was
competent for thiec fourths of the States by an
amendment of the Constitution to say roany dis-
senting State, "This shall be your Constitution,
nod you shall live in this Union notwithstanding
we have interfered with your independent control
over your domestic rights." Let us test the doc-
tnne.
1 shall not test it in reference 10 the subject of
slavery; for notwithstanding what may be the
