2842
THE COjNFGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
hundred. They are in a suffering condition; they
need this money,and there can be no objection to
this division of the appropriation. I believe it
was recommended by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, but by some mistake nothing was said about
the Winnebagoes. I know something about these
Indians. I have read a letter from the Governor
of Dakota on the subject, in which he says they
are in a very destitute condition. These Indians
are friendly and need an additional appropriation,
i'hope that my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Min-
nesota moves to strike out the whole paragraph.
I desire to amend the paragraph before the vote
is taken on striking out. 1 move to strike out
" and fifty," so as to leave it $100,000.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Chairman, I desire
to say one word in answer to an objection raised
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] He" referred to the fact that the Winne-
bagoes were in the receipt of annuities. I under-
stand that those annuities amount to but $50,000
per annum.
Mr. STEVENS. Fifty-four thousand dollars.
Mr. DONNELLY. So if the amendment of
the gentleman from Minnesota prevails, and an
additional $50,000 is given them, the total amount
going; to the Winnebagoes will he $104,000, to he
divided among twenty-five hundred persons. It
is proposed at the same time to give $100,000 to
thirteen hundred Sioux Indians. In other words,
the Sioux are to receive twice as much as the
Winnebagoes. What reason is given for this
favoritism >
I need not enlarge upon the view presented by
my colleague, that these Winnebago Indians have
every claim upon our justice and our kindness.
At a tune when considerable temptation was held
forth to them they remained at peace with the
whites and faithful to their tieaty obligations,
while the Sioux Indians, on the other hand,
iiave little or no claim upon our kindness or con-
sideration save that which arises from a common
humanity. I think, therefore, it would be unfair
to give to those recreant Indians who have waged
war upon the whites almost double what js given
to those peaceful Indians against whom we have
no serious cause of complaint. Hence I hope
that the amendmentof my colleague may prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] by striking out " one hundred" and in*
sertmg "seventy-five," so that the clause will
read "seventy-five thousand dollars" instead of
"one hundred and fifty thousand dollars."
Mr. McINDOE. If it is in order, I move to
amend the substitute by making the sum $50,000.
Mr. STEVENS. There has already been one
amendment offered to my amendment.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Wis-
consin proposes to offer an amendment to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. STEVENS. But the question must first
be taken upon the motions to amend that which is
proposed to be stricken out. I have moved to
amend by striking out" $50,050," leaving the ap-
propriation $100,000. The gentleman from Iowa
moved to reduce the amount to $75,000.
TheCHA IRMAN. Thegentieman is correct.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Iowa, as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr. HOLMA N. Will the Chair now state the
proposition before the committee ?
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentieman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Windom] proposed a substitute for
the enure paragraph. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] then moved to amend the
existing paragraph. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] moved to amend that amendment,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania accepted
the amendmentasa modification of his own. The
question is first upon the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as modified.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendmentof the.gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania by striking out" seventy-five" and insert-
ing "fifty." I move theamendmentfor the reason
that! am satisfied that$50,000is all that these In-
dians are entitled to. In fact, it is more than they
are entitled to. There are no Indians in all the
Northwest from whom the whites have suffered as
much as from this band of Indians. Their hands
are to-day red with the blood of their murdered
victims, and I maintain that under such circum-,4
stances it is not the duty of the Government to
make them pensioners. The number of these In-
dians, as I understand from good authority, is
about thirteen hundred. Fifty thousand dollars
appropriated for the maintenance of these Indians
will give to each man, woman, and child, in the
neighborhood of forty dollars. Enemies as they
are, blood-stained as they are with the blood of
their victims, I undertake to say that'is enough
for the Government to bestow upon them.
Upon the other hand I remark that the Win-
nebagoes are Aiendly, and have been so during
all their past history, while the Sissetons have
been our worst enemies. It is no time to bestow
these gifts upon our enemies, for while we are
talking about this appropriation we have a war
with those Indians. A part of this very tribe is
to-day engaged in a war against the whites, and
are trying to exterminate them. They are now
engaged in committing murders upon our front-
iers. Under such circumstances $50,000 is more
than they are entitled to.
Mr. SCHENCK, I would ask the gentleman
why we should appropriate anything for savages
with whom we are at war?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will give a rea-
son forthat. Mostof the Indians that have been
removed upon this agency are women and chil-
dren. For that reason I am willing to give them
a little something upon which they may be main-
tained and supported. I would contribute a little
toward theirmaintenance,and I would make them
work in order to raise the residue for their sup-
port.
Mr. STEVENS. When I practiced law, a few
years ago, the court adopted a rule that they
would not rely at all upon parole cases cited by a
member of the bar. If he had his authority, let
him read it. Now, I treat this case much in the
same way. Here is an Indian department charged
to examine into and report to us upon this case.
They do so; and if they do not do it faithfully,
they ought to lose their places; but excited gen-
tlemen from the neighborhood, who have heaul
of certain atrocities perpetrated by the Indians,
and who have not perhaps learned the whole facts,
come here and attempt to overturn the whole
written testimony and the requests of the Depart-
ment. That, according to nry idea, is not tem-
perate legislation. If these Indians are in hostility
against us, strike out the appropriation entirely
and give them nothing. But the Department re-
moved these Indians and promised to support them
until they could support themselves. They are,
therefore, entitled to this money. I have con-
sented to vote for cutting it down to one half; but
I do not mean by that that I would transfer it to
the Winnebagoes, who have all they have asked
for and all the Govei nment has asked for. Under
treaty stipulations we give them $54,000. If we
take this amount away from "the blood-stained
Indians," as they are called, I think we had bet-
ter keep it ourselves.
Mr. WINDOM. Tins is a gratuity to the
Sioux Indians, and why should we make a gra-
tuity to them and none to the Winnebagoes?
Mr. STEVENS. We instructed the Depart-
ment to remove them and support them.
Mr. WINDOM. We removed both tribesun--
der the same act,
Mr. STEVENS. We abrogated the treaty of
the one and we allowed the other to stand, which
is.an equivalent for the gratuity.
Mr. HALE. Did not the Interior Department
estimate $150,000 for this purpose?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. Then why not stand by that?
Mr. STEVENS. They estimated$150,000 for
these "blood-stained Indians."
Mr. HALE. Then why not appropriate that
amount ?
Mr. STEVENS. Because it looks here as if
parole statements are to ovenide everything that
the Department recommends. We have tried it
once or twice to-day, but the House did not sus-
tain us.
Mr. HALE. These Indians, I understand,
have been removed to a far distant region, a bar-
ren country, where there is no game and where
they can raise nothing. They must inevitably
starve unless we appropriate something for their
support. I hold it to be our duty as Christian
and humane people not to allow Indians from
whom we have taken a large and valuable coun-
try to starve to death for the want of the neces-
saries of life. I understand that the Indian bureau
have requested this sum for their support in order
to carry out in good faith what we promised to
do when we removed them. The Department
know the wants of the Indians much better than
we do, and know what amount is necessary to
maintain them; and I think that in reducing the
amount asked for, as is proposed here, we should
not be doing justicc either to ourselves or to the
Indians.
1 hope, therefore, that the proposition of the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom,] the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
who knows something about the wants of the In-
dians and the duty of the Government toward
them, will be sustained, and that we shall not
leave these Indians to starve.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I wish to make but
a single remark in reply to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] He has referred
to my statement as parole testimony. I have stated
the truth here in regard to these Indians; and I
know whereof 1 speak. I know that these Indians
have been for years past engaged in depredations
upon the white settlements m the Northwest.
Mr. HALE. 1 would ask thegentieman from
Iowa if it is not the fact that a portion of the In-
dians who have been removed are Christian and
civilized Indians, who took no part in the outbreak
in Minnesota last year? I so understand.
Mr. I-IUBBARD, of Iowa. There may be a
few of them occupying that position; and the
$50,000 which I propose is amply sufficient for
the maintenance and support of all the good In-
dians of that tribe. As to the bad Indians, the
sooner they starve the better. Talk about parole
statements! I repeat that I know whereof I speak.
I have seen my own citizens weltering in their
blood, slain by the hands of these murderous mis-
creants, and not a few of them, either.
This same tribe of Indians were the ringleaders
in that fearful and bloody massacre that took
place in Minnesota in the summer and autumn of
1862. They have been engaged in all the massa-
cres that have occurred in the .Northwest. It is
true, a few of them may be good and friendly;
and the $50,000 will make ample provision for all
such. Those who are not friendly do not deserve
that we should contribute anything for their
maintenance and support.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, if we had
an Indian orator here to tell us the story of his
tribe, he would be as eloquent in the recital of
their wrongs as the gentleman from Iowa is in
his lecital of the wiongs of the whites. So far
as my experience and investigations have gone,
they have taught me that, in nine cases out of
ten, Indian wars have been produced by the prov-
ocations of the whites. The war may after-
wards have been carried on barbarously. From
the treaty of Colton to the present time, in nine
cases out of ten, the breach of faith has come
from the white man; and if the Indian had a his-
torian he would put the pale face to the blush.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Chairman, there is one
thing in this discussion which strikes me as being
somewhat peculiar. It is, that gentlemen who
are so earnest in pleading the cause of these mur-
derous Indians and are so anxious to make them
large gratuities when we owe them nothing, should
at the same time resist the other part of the prop-
osition which is to keep innocentand unoffending
Indians from starvation. I did notdesire to have
the appropriation of $150,000 increased; but I
cannot believe that these thirteen hundred Sioux,
many of whom are murderers, should get $150,000
while twenty-five hundred peaceful and friendly
Indians get only §54,000. I thought the money
should be divided so as to confer a benefit on those
Indians whom we all know to be comparatively
good. The Sioux and the Winnebagoes live side
by side—not half a mile apart. _ Are you going to
pay a bounty to murder by giving to these blood-
stained murderous Sioux five times as much per
head as you give to the innocent Winnebagoes?
When gentlemen are pleading for Indians I wish
they would have some sympathy for the innocent
as well as for the assassins of women and chil-
dren.
The question being on Mr. Hubbard's amend-
ment to Mr. McIndoe's amendment,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
