1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
opinion of some of my honorable friends here
and some portion of the people at large, for the
question of slavery I care not. I am iy>t so fond
of the principle of human bondage, or of bondage
of any kind, that I advocate it for the love of it.
I have no interest or very little in the institution
of slavery more than any member on this floor
has. Could I have had my way, could I have
been the creator and governor of all things, per-
haps no bondman would have ever trod the soil;
the infants, even, would have been cherubs, and
the men would have been archangels. We vainly
imagine that we could have made all things bet-
ter. Hook at the subject of slavery only in a
practical light and m its* legal constitutional as-
pects. Convince me that your policy is author-
ized by the Constitution of the United States and
by the rights of the States, and will conduce to
the advancement of the white race and the im-
provement of the negro race, and 1 will support
it. Senators on the other side have as much
fondness for the system of human slavery as I
have, although we differ in our theories in refer-
ence to it. 1 look at it in a practical light; they
in a theoretical light. 1 regard it neither as un-
constitutional, illegal, immoral, impious, or sinful
in any aspect of the case, but in perfect accord-
ance with the ways of Providence to man.
Mr. President, if the ratification of your proposed
amendment by three fourths of the States can give
it the validity of a constitutional provision, obliga-
tory upon a protesting State, then would a ratifica-
tion by three fourths of the people in reference to
any other matter, cxcept that simple one that each
State shall have two Senators, be obligatory. I
know thai the popular theory isthataconvention
can frame a constitution, and if three fourths of
the States ratify it it is obligatory in reference to
anything and everything they do; that absolute
sovereignty is with them,notonly m reference to
the purposes of general government, but absolute
sovereignty in respect to cveiy right which the
people of the States have. I have not so n-nd
either the Constitution of my country or the teach-
ings of those who framed that Constitution. If
that be so, then I ask you, could three fourths of
the States say that you should have no manufac-
tories, that you should plant no corn, that you
should not have property m anything else which
is the subject of property?
I go fuither. If it would be competent for them
to make such a provision as tins the paramount
law of the land, as the constitution of that land,
and if this theory be true, that omnipotent power,
so far as the purposes of government are con-
cerned, resides with three fourths of the States,
then they could blot out of existence any State in
this Union. Does any gentleman suppose'that it
would be competent for a convention to so frame
the Constitution, and for three fourths of the States
to ratify it, that property should not be held in
any State of this Union, or that all existing prop-
erty should be swept away? Would it be com-
petent for such a convention, with such a ratifica-
tion, to provide that all the mills and factories of
New England should never run more, and that
no property should exist in anything which was
the product or the manufacture of those mill/sand
factories?
Sir, property is not regulated and was not in-
tended to be regulated by the Constitution of the
United States. Property is the creature of the
law of the State,and whenever this Government
undertakes, cither by legislative enactment or op-
erating through and by three fourths of the States,
to say to the people of any State, " We will say
what shall be property and what shall not be prop-
erty within your midst; that subject shall be reg-
ulated by a Federal Constitution'or by a Federal
law," they violate the purposes and objects for
which the Constitution was framed, and do that
which, if they had proclaimed had been their ob-
ject in the beginning, would have prevented the
formationof that Constitution and of the Union.
Sir, my motives may bemisinterpretedand my
views may be erroneous. They are honestly en-
tertained. It may be said that I wish to justify
what has been clone by the seceded States, and
that I may want their example followed. It i^
vain in these days for any man to attempt to de-
clare what his own honest purposes are. A too
willing public lends a too ready ear to miscon-
struction and misrepresentation, f want secession
to be imitated ! What have I or my people to gain
by any such thing as that? It was ruin and desola-
tion to us. We were happy, contented, and free,
in the enjoyment of all our constitutional rights,
until it took place. Since then we have been
bondmen; and such is the fate which threatens
us in the future, if the policy of those now in
power shall continue to govern this country.
What, good could separation bring to us on the
border, exposed to and in front of hostile people?
We have never courted and never desired such a
thing; but we are resolved, even amid the din of
arms, to cling zealously to our constitutional
rights, and to adhere to those fundamental prin-
ciples of government which are essential to our
safety.
But, sir, to recur again to the argument, I sub-
mit to Senators this question: if you weretopro-
pose an amendment to the Constitution in the
form you do this, and that amendment should be
ratified by three fourths of the States, that the
State of Delaware and the State of Maryland
should hereafter exist and be but one State, would
that be binding upon the people of Delaware and
the people of Maryland, unless they assented to
it? 1 hold it would be a justifiable cause for se-
cession. The popular theory would be that it
niig-htbe done; forever) in the earlier moments of
this great struggle, a Secretary of War, whom I
never heard accused of looking into a law book,
or reading the Constitution of his country, did
devise a scheme in his first report for uniting Dela-
ware find some portion of Maryland into one
State, and some portions of Maryland and Vir-
ginia into another. He was going to do the thing
speedily; and therefore, inasmuch as he was hon-
ored with the high position of Secretary of War,
I presume there must be men in this country who
think like him, and think that if such a tiling is
not competent by a simple act of the national
Legislature it is competent by a national conven-
tion, or by an amendment of the Constitution by
the ratification of three fourths of the States, so as
to efiect that result. -
The Constitution of the United States is a con-
tract made for the government of the people of the
whole United States. It is a contract to which,
in the language of Mr. Madison, the States them-
selves are parties, and it is to be construed just as
any other contract is to be construed, by its own
terms and by the surrounding ciicumstances
showing the objects and the purposes for which
it was formed. What were those purposes? To
form si union among the States for common pur-
poses, not to give them the control over the do-
mestic relations existing in the States, not to reg-
ulate the right and title to property in the States;
but there were great common purposes to be sub-
served by the formation of this Union which could
be better subserved by the States in the aggregate
than by the States separately. They were in-
trusted with the interests of the States so far as
intercourse with foreign nations were concerned,
with thf regulation of commerce, with the coin-
age of money, anil "many other things. Rut the
Trainers of that instrument show in it the object
which they had in forming it, because they del-
egate the powers which the Federal Govern-
ment should have, and then declare that the pow-
ers not therein delegated, and not prohibited to
the States, are reserved to the States respectively
or to the people.
Do any suppose 'if, at the time of the forma-
tion of that Constitution, it had been suggested
that, by allowing it to be amended by the ratifi-
cation of three fourths of the States, a future con-
vention would undertake to invade the rights of
the States and to determine what should be prop-
erty in the States, or to regulate the relation of
parent and child, husband and wife, master and
slave, within those States, that the fathers would
ever have entered into such an agreement ? Why,
sir, even with the omission from that Constitu-
tion of the provision which provides for the ren-
dition of fugitive slaves, we are told by so high
an authority as Justice Story, the Constitution
could not have been framed. Do you suppose
that men who were so tenacious of their rights—
men who had waged a long seven years'war for
the achievement or preservation of those rights,
after all their experience ill that bloody conflict—
would ever have committed to any body of men,
present or in the future, the power to regulate
the relation of parent and child or husband and
wife?
Sir, if you can go into the States and attempt
to regulate the relation of master and slave, you
can go into a State and attempt to regulate the
relation between parent and child or husband and
wife. If you have a right to go into a State"and
say that one particular species of property which
has heretofore been property shall not in the fu-
ture be property, you have a right to say that
any other subject of property heretofore shall not
be property in the future; and you have & right
to say in that case, by way of amendment, that
there shall be no such thing as property at all.
It will not do to answer me by saying that no
convention of the States would do this; that three
fourths of the States could not be found to ratify
any such provision as that. Why, sir, the thing
is just as likely now to be done in the future as
it was likely, when that Constitution was framed,
that in seventy-five years a dominant party in
this country would attempt to invade a State to
determine the question of what should be prop-
erty by abolishing an existing institution.
But, sir, this provision goes further. It is not
only prospective in charactersoas to affect future
rights, but it absolutely proposes by an amend-
ment of the Constitution to sweep away and blot
out hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of prop-
erty in the States. That is the destruction or
property. It operates for the destruction of prop-
erty, because if this amendment becomes incor-
porated in the Constitution and is submitted to,
that property ceases. Then I ask, where is the
difference in principle between the destruction of
this amount of property invested in slaves and the
destruction of that amount oT property invested in
manufactures, in agriculture, or in the mechanic
arts ?
Again, can a convention frame an amendment,
or can Congress propose an amendment to the
Constitution, which, being ratified by three fout ths
of the States, shall become the supreme law of the
land, by which there shall he made an equal dis-
tribution of property throughoutthe United States?
Can they do that? Let it be known that it is
within the power of three fourths of the States to
do that, and a party may rise up in the country
most clamorous for the exercise of that power.
I apprehend, however, it will be admitted that a
convention of thiee fourths of the States cannot
propose an amendment, which, being ratified by
three fourths of the States, can do any of the
things that I have mentioned.
But it may be said it can only be done in refer-
ence to slavery. What more power has a rat-
ification of a proposed amendment to the Con-
stitution, by three fourths of the States, ovnr the
question of slavery than it has over any other de-
scription of property ? Show me the distinction.
Slaves were as much property in the eye of the
framcrs of that instrument, in the eye of the ex-
isting Constitution, as any other species of prop-
erty. If tliree fourths of the States have a right
to destroy property in slaves they have a right to
destroy it in anything else. Their power is just
as extensive, and no more, in reference to this
species of property as any other; for I presume
we are not to be asked to amend the Constitution
upon humanitarian grounds.
The sinfulness of slavery or the evil of slavery
among those with whom it exists is not to be in-
voked as affording power, in the absence of any-
thing else, to make this proposed change. If
that be the source whence is derived the author-
ity to make this amendment to the Constitution
it is an authority against which I cannot argue,
for the simple reason that I and my antagonist
never could agree. In my judgment he advocates
a sickly sentiment, I a practical question. He
professes to be wiser than the Almighty, under
whose providence this system of human bondage
has been allowed to exist in all ages of the past;
wiser than the Saviour of the world, who when
he was on earth never interfered with the law of
slavery, although he walked up and down the
plains of Judea, where there were slaves, and the
law of whose people recognized the existence of
slavery—the law that was given to them from
Mount Sinai, amid lightning and thunder, amid
smoke and flame; and recognizing the existence
not only of this relation but the rightfulness of it.
"Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, his
servant, (slave,) his ox, his ass, nor anything
thatishis." What is the meaning of "servant?"
Among the people to whom that law was given
