1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2M3
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Washbukne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee divided ^-and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 45.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. McIndoe's
amendment as amended; and it wag agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Wisdom's sub-
stitute.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to modify my sub-
stitute, so as to make it conform to the action of
the committee, by giving $50,000 to each.
Mr. HALE. I object to that.
Mr. STEVENS. £ think the gentleman can
modify it, and the committee can vote it down.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Is it in orderto move
to strike out the word " new" and insert the
word " temporary," so as to make it read " tem-
porary home?"
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. In another section of this
bill we have appropriated, under treaty stipula-
tions, to the Winnebago Indians $54,000. That
is all the treaty requires, and al! the Department
has asked for them. But the Department did ask
for the appropriation contained in this section
of the bill of $150,000, which, under the double
motion of the gentleman from Iowa, has been
stricken down to $50,000. If we now reject the
proposition of the gentleman who offered the sub-
stitute it will stand $54,000 for the Winnebagoes
and $50,000 for these other bands of Indians; but
if we adopt the substitute of the gentleman from
Iowa we shall strike out what has just been in-
serted and give $50,000 to these Sioux Indians
and $50,000 to the Winnebagoes, in addition to
the $54,000 appropriated in another part of khe bill
under treaty stipulations. I hope, therefore, the
substitute will be rejected and that there will be
no more effort by my colleague or any othergen-
tleman to offer further amendments, but that we
shall in the House vote down the amendment
already adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to state again how
this will stand. We owe the Winnebago Indians
$54,000 under treaty stipulations. That sum we
propose to give them. We owe the Sioux In.
dmns not one red cent. We propose to give them
$50,000 as a gratuity; and if you give the Win-
nebagoes $50,000 in addition, it will about place
them on the same footing, in proportion to their
numbers, with the Sioux; while if all amend-
ments are voted down, as the gentleman from
Pennsylvania recommends, you will give $54,000
which you owe to twenty-five bundled friendly
Winnebagoes, and $150,000 to these murderous
Sioux, whom you owe nothing.
Mr. HALE. 1 ask the gentleman if they did
not take a valuable tract of land amounting to
nine hundred thousand acres, which was to have
been sold for their benefit, but which was sold
for the benefit of the Government.
Mr. WINDOM. I am very glad the gentle-
man has called my attention to that subject. The
Government does hold nine hundred thousand
acres, to be sold for the benefit of these Sioux.
Mr. HALE. And which was sold for their ben-
Dfit at about the rate of one cent an acre, I believe.
Mr. WINDOM. No, sir; the gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken; this Indian reservation has not
been sold, not an acre of it. 1 presume this ap-
propriation is in anticipation of the sale of these
lauds. I have no objection to giving fifty or sev-
enty-five thousand dollars to the Sioux Indians,
but what I claim is that you should give also to
the comparatively innocent Winnebago Indians
an amount that will be sufficient to keep them
from s^rvation, who have also been removed,
and whose lands in Minnesota have not yet been
sold for their benefit. I repeat, that $104,000 in
all will not be more for twenty-five hundred Win-
nebago Indians than $50,000 for thirteen hundred
Sioux. I think the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Hale,] whose sympathies are so much
excited in behalf of the murderous Sissetons,
ought to be willing at least to give the friendly
Indians enough to keep them from starvation.
Mr. HALE. My amendment to the amend-
ment is to strike out $50,000 and inseit $70,000.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
greed to.
The substitute offered by Mr. Windom was re-
jected.
The following clause of the bill was read:
For the genera! incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Idaho Territory, presents of goods, agricultural imple-
ments, and other useful articles, and to assist them toloeate
in permanent abodes and sustain themselves by the pur-
suits of civilized life, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior. $20,000.
Mr. WALLACE, of Idaho. I movetoamend
by striking out <<$20,000,, and inserting ** $25,-
000." I will state that the appropriation made for
similar objects in all the other Territories is $25,-
000, while in the Territory of Idaho now there is
a larger area of country and more Indians to take
carc of, and consequently more danger of collis-
ion between them and the whites than in any
otherTerritory. I think the appropriation should
be at least as large as for the other Territories,
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
+4nd be it further enacted, That, in the absence of treaty
stipulations to the contrary, when a member or member* of
any Indian tribe have received, or shall hereafter receive,
a portion or portions of the tribal domain in severalty and
the same is confirmed to them by patents iu fee simple,
they shall no longer be regarded as mombeis of the tube,
nor can they be parties to tieaties, nor be iecognized as
chiefs or counselors representing the tribe, unless there-
after adopted by it as members.
Mr. STEVENS. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not in order to an appro-
priation bill, as it changes the existing itiw.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, that the amendment is notgermane
to the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and leport the bill.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I doubt whether the Chnir
understands the amendment, and I know the
House does not.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. SCHENCK. I do. The Chair decided
that my amendment was not in order, on the
ground that it was not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. This is h bill making ap-
propriations according to law, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman is of nn entirely different
character.
Mr. SCHENCK. I call attention to the fact
that the amendment determines the way in which
these appropriations shall be paid. 1 withdraw
my appeal. I think the desire for dinner is above
every consideration of public business.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has based his
decision on the opinions of others better qualified
titan himself.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Frank reported that the
Committee of theAVhoIeon the stateof thcUnion
had, according to older,had thcUnion generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 240, making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1865, which he was duected to report to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House adjourn.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (H.R.No.251) to organize a regiment
of veteian volunteer engineers;
Joint resolution (H.R. No. 72) relative to pay
of staff officers of the Lieutenant General;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) relating to
Green Clay Goodloe; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 78) providing for
the election of a member of Congress for th^State
of Illinois by the Slate at large.
"VETERAN RESERVE CORPS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House in regard to invalids being re-
cruited into the veteran reserve corps; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed*
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
And then (at twenty minutes to five o'clock
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 19,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DIXON presented two memorials of citi-
zens of Connecticut, and three memorials of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, remonstrating against the
extension of the Goodyear patent for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India rubber; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. COWAN, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 377) mak-
ing appropi iations for the payment of the awards
made by the commissioners appointed under and
by virtue of an act of Congress entitled "An act
for the relief of persons for damages sustained by
reason of the depredations and injuries by cer-
tain bands of Sioux Indians,"approved Febru-
ary 16, 1863, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a communication by telegraph of
merchants of San Francisco, in relation to an
extension of the time for payment of duty on
goods in bond, reported a bdl (S. No. 282) to
amend an act entitled "An act to extend the time
for the withdrawal of goods from public stores
and bonded warehouses, and forotherpurposes,"
approved 29th February, 1864; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
Alexander J. Atocha, praying for the paymentof
his claim against the republic of Mexico under
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, submitted are-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 281) for the
relief of Alexander J. Atocha. The bill was read
and passed to a second reading, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred a reso-
lution to print one thousand additional copies of
the annual report of the. Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Olficc for the use of that office, to report
it back and recommend its passage. This resolu-
tion comes to us from the Committee on Public
Lands, who, the Committee on Printing suppose,
understand the subjectmore than they themselves
do, and on the faith of that recommendation they
propose the publication. It will cost from seven-
ty-five to one hundred dollars. I ask for the
present consideration of the resolution.
The resolution was considered and agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the last
annual report of the Commissioner of the Geneial Laud
Office be printed for the use of that office.
OREGON DONATION CLAIMS.
Mr. HARDING. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 279)
to amend the act of Congiess making donations
to settlers onthe publiclands in Oregon, approved
September 27, 1850, and the acts amendatory
thereto, have had it under consideration, and di-
rected me to report it back and recommend its
passage. I ask for the immediate consideration
of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee ot the Whole. It provides that
in all cases under the act of September 27, 1850,
m which the actual settlement may be shown to
be bona fide, and the claim in all respects to be
fully within the requirements of existing laws,
except as to the failure df the claimant to no-
tice within the peiiod fixed by statute, sucn iaii
