1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.*
1367
there wore hired servants; there were bondmen
and bondmaids. Efet,, the original in the De-
brew language, which means a slave, means a
slave born as such, justas miveh as £ot>Aos, [doulos,]
in Greek, means a slave born as such, I cannot
argue with such an antagonist, because he sets his
judgment up against the history of the race and of,
mankind in all past ages.
I presume, therefore, that this amendment, if
it is adopted, must be upon the ground thatin the
opinion of Senators, three fourths of the States
would have the right to ratify it and incorporate
it in the fundamental law of the land. I have no
right to question the honesty of the opinion of
any Senator who so thinks, and I do notquestion
it. I only claim for my own opinion the same
honesty that I yield to others.
But, Mr. President, we are told that the reason
why this amendment should be made is, that sla-
very has caused the present national difficulties;
that if it had not been for the existence of sla-
very there would be no war. The honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee tells us that
even if the present troubles have been brought on
by the interference of northern fanatics with the
institution of slavery, then if slavery had not ex-
isted there would have been nothing for them, to
interfere with, and the icbellion would not have
taken place; that if it was brought on by the de-
sire of the people of the South to strengthen and
encourage the institution, then if it had not ex-
isted the rebellion would not have taken place;
and he seems to think that to it we owe the loss
of freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and
most of the ills under which we are now suffer-
ing. He therefore propose as the great remedy,
I presume not only to heal our present troubles,
but as a bond of pence in the future, that the in-
stitution of slavery shall be wiped out by a change
of the Constitution.
If there had been no fire, so large a portion of
the city of New York as was burned down in
1835 would not have been burned down. If there
wps no water, there would be no overflowing
floods. If there was no sun in the heavens, no
man would fall prostrate to the earth and die from
the heat of that sun. Let the Senator con ret all
the ills of life. Let him quench the fire that warms
all the human race, and i^o ineendiaiy then could
bum our dwellings; let him dry up the fountains
of the deep and close the windows of heaven that
there shall be no more water; let him pluck the
sun from on high that his heat shall no more
cause death.
But, sir, I hold that if you adopt this amend-
ment, and you could get three fouithsof the States
to ratify it, it would not be obligatory upon the
others for another reason; and that is, that you
cannot propose this amendment to all the States,
as contemplated by the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. There are confessedly some eight or
nine of these States now out of the (Jnion, over
which the Fcdeial Government docs not pretend
to exercise control. What is the meaning of the
clause that'the Congress of the United States may
propose amendments, which, when ratified by
three fourths of the States, shall become a pal t of
the Constitution ? It means that you shall pro-
pose those amendments, not to a portion of the
States, but to all the States, so that all the States
may have the power to act upon them. I ask
you, suppose we were at peace to-day; suppose
this revolution had never occurred, and it had
been considered proper and necessary by a ma-
jority of the peopleof the United States to change
their fundamental law by making amendments to
the Constitution; suppose, in reference to this
matter or in reference to any other matter, you
had adopted a joint resolution proposing those
amendments, and you submitted them to three
fourths of the States, and not to the other one
fourth, and that they had been ratified by three
fourths of the'States, would you tell me that they
would be a part and parcel of the Constitution
because they were ratififd by three fourthsof the
States?
Hence occurs the principle with which I started,
that the Constitution of the United States is the
same as any other contract. It is a contract be-
tween the States, who, in the language of Mr.
Madison, are parties to if,and the plain, evident,
honest import of this clause of the Constitution
giving the power of ratification to three fourths
of the States is and must he so understood by all
right-thinking men, that all the States shall have
the power of passing upon that proposed amend-
ment, of ratifyingor rejecting it, and that if any
State is denied that privilege, if your amendment
is not proposed to any State, it cannot operate
upon that State, because it would be in violation
of the just terms and fair interpretation of the
Constitution. The correctness of this principle
would not be denied at all in reference to a con-
tract between parties in a court.
Then I say you cannot propose to or have your
proposition acted on by a portion of the States,
hecause'you have actually declared them a hostile
power, and are engaged in a war with them. You
have recognized as between you and those very
States belligerent rights. This only shows the
impropriety of this proposition at the present
time. If you wish to make an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States which shall be
binding and obligatory in all future time upon the
parties to that Constitution, why not wait till
peace is restored; why not wait till passion ceases
to inflame the breast and madness to warp the
judgment and craze the brain of men ? The fun-
damental law of a great people should never be
changed amid theshook of arms. Reason should
sit calmiy on her throne; judgment should be
brought to the "line" before acting on such a
question.
But,sir, I oppose this proposed amendmenton
another ground. It is impossible for it to be lati-
fied by a vote of three fourths of the States. The
enatoi from Illinois, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judicial y, said it would require
twenty-eight States, and he named the States
which he supposed would vote to ratify it. He
included all the adhering States with the excep-
tion of my own, and he thought she could not
stand against it. Let me tell the honorable Sen-
ator that if the resolution is passed, I do not
suppose my State will be in the way of it; not be-
cause she will approve of it; not because the ma-
jority of her people will not be honestly opposed
to it and would not vote against it, but because
you do not intend that they shall ever act upon it.
The Senator said that Mary land had inaugurated
this policy, and she would be in favor of it. J
have some acquaintance with the people of that
State. She will agree to it, just as the Senator,
! if met by a highwayman 5 solitary, alone, and un-
armed, presenting a pistol at .his head and de-
manding his purse, would agree to give it up.
But he expects to receive accessions from Ar-
kansas, Tennessee, North Carolina, and Louis-
iana in favor of this proposed amendment. I
appeal to the honorable Senator, would he have
an amendment to the Constitution and get up in
his place in the Senate of the United States and
declare that that was an amendment adopted by
the people of Arkansas, Tennessee, North Car-
olina, or Louisiana, if the election were to be held
at the present time? Does the Senator believe
that if the people of those States weie free to act,
and could pass upon his proposed amendmentac-
cording to their wish or judgment, theie would
be one man in ten who would vote to ratify it?
It is impossible for the Senator so to believe.
What is your government in Aikansas, in
Louisiana, and in Tennessee5 Take away your
soldiers, and there would be scarcely one man in
fifty in either of those States that would either
approve your amendment or recognize your au-
thority. And yet the Senator would affect the
N rights of nearly one half of what was once this
jl Union by going through—i say it in no disre-
j1 spect to the honorable Senator, but I say it be-
;j cause J believe it and think it—going through the
jj funic of an election under military control and
; restraint, and then come in the presence of the
j Senate of the United States and before the people
■; of the country and of the world, and proclaim that
- the people of three fourths of the States of tlv
'! Union, m the spirit which their fathers intended
'I them to act and in the free exercise of their judg-
|j ments and their opinions as guarantied to them
j1 by their fathers, have agreed to amend their Con-
ji stitution and foiever hereafter wipe out the foul
I j blot of slavery !
Mr. President, nothing is to dp gained by this
|J except one thing, and that you may accomplish,
n You may succeed hysuchan amendment as this,
'! by an election—no, not by an election, but by a
farce enacted in the border States and by a worse
farce enacted in some of the seceded States—you
may succeed in abolishing slavery in the States
of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Mis-
souri. That is what you can do. You can suc-
ceed in injuring those who never tried to injure
you; but unless you conquer the South, unless
you subjugate them,unless you make them pass
under the yoke as you avow yourpurpose to do,
unless you take bodily hold of their slaves and
draw them within your lines and keep them there,
you have accomplished nothing. You have re-
garded them as belligerents, and consequently the
slave you take to-day from them and put your
uniform upon, if he is recaptured by them, is not
fiee, though proclamations and legislative enact-
ments may so declare, but is a slave still,and not
only a slave by reason of the fact that he is in
possession of his original master, but, by asound
principle of the law of nations, the jus postliminii,
he reverts to his original owner.
But, sir, I shall not pursue the speech of the
Senator from Illinois, to which I have referred
simply to show in a few words the unsoundness
of the principle which he assumes, that because
slavery exists and people intermeddle with it and
have brought on this state of affairs, or because
those who weie interested in it were unreason-
able in their demands and thereby contributed to
such a result, that therefore slavery must be wiped
out. There is nothing good m life which by that
mode of argumentation and reasoning the honor-
able Senator could not wipe out and abolish for-
ever. The very food which man eats is often the
agency which destroys life; and the reasoning
would be just as sound to say that food must be
destroyed because it has killed men as that sla-
very must be abolished because intermeddlera
with it have brought about the present state of
affairs.
I believe that there has been wrong on both
sides of this question; that the abolitionists of
this country and what are sometimes called the
fire-eaters of the South, the secessionists perse,
have been cooperators and coworkers in the same
damnable cause; that history will judge them both
criminal, and humanity in all ages of the world
will curse their memory. Hud political aboli-
tionists refrained from intermeddling with the just
rights of the South in respect to slavery, there
would have been no secessionists. Abolitionists,
therefore, are the realdisunionists, and primarily
responsible for our present troubles. But, sir,
while discussing the authority of this measure, I
do not mean to be led into a question of party
politics.
As was said in reference to another matter, the
subject of military interference with elections, by
the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Howard,] the time is unpropitious for such a
measure as this. Wait in hope until the day of
peace returns, and then, if it is found necessary
or wise in the judgment of the people of this coun-
try to attempt changes in theirorganie law, apply
yourselves to that high office in the same spirit,
with the same singleness of purpose, with the
same honesty of intention, with the same fairness
of disposition, and with the same lofty patriotism
in which it was formed by your fathers.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, i do not pro-
pose to discuss at large the power of Congress to
propose this amendment to the States. 1 find in
the Constitution as it now stands this provision:
"The Conare^, whenever two thuds of both Houses
shall deem it necs us-aiy. >hall piopo-.^ amendments to this
Constitution, o>. on tin- application of thp Legislature^ of
two thrnh ot the several States-, shall call a convention for
pioposiug amendment", whieh, ni either ease, shall be valid
to all intmN arid purposes, a - part of thir Co.ulitutiun,when
tatified h\ the Legislatures of three fourths of the several
States/' &c.
I understand that course to"be now proposed.
I understand that Congress is about to propose
to the States certain amendments t) this Consti-
tution. 1 understand that when those amend-
ments shall be ratified, if they ever are, by three
fourths of the States, they will be, in the language
of the Constitution now, " valid to all intents and
purposes." But, says the Senator from Dela-
ware, you cannot amend the Constitution in this
particular; the framers of the Constitution did not
anticipate that sueh an amendment would he pro-
posed. Has the Senator from Delaware carefully
considered the provisions of tins Constitution.
