1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that an
amendment is pending to the substitute, offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
and no farther amendment is m order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Without reference, then, to
the course which tnay hereafter be pursued, I shall
offer a few remarks upon the character of this new
bill—tor the substitute of- the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is in the nature of an original bill—
now before us.
I was somewhat struck with the course of the
gentleman's remarks in which he went into a
calculation to show that it was it bill by which
he could raise four hundred and fifty or five hun-
dred million dollars, while he provides in it also
for expending some two, three, or four hundred
millions of that sum in carrying out his system.
It seemed to me while he was making his calcu-
lations that such a proposition came very appro-
priately from the chairman of the Committee of
"Ways and Means. There is this radical differ-
ence between his view of the subject and that
which f take. In representing as'best I can the
Committee on Military Affairs, in all my calcu-
lations and provisions it has been my object to
raise men, while the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means seems to have devoted him-
self to framing a bill by which he is to raise a
large amount of money, through which he hopes
to obtain men.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to say I rcmaiked
that while my substitute would raise this money,
in my opinion it would raise more money in a
shorter time than any other.
Mr. SCHENCK. It was so I understood the
gentleman,and therefore it was that i could not
help being struck with the large money calcu-
lations contained in the bill and the propriety
there was in its coming from the chairman (if the
Committee of Ways and Means'as contradistin-
guished from the efforts which it seems to mo we
should rathei be making in aid of those who are
wielding the War power of the Government to
raise men for the present emergency.
Now, sir, I propose to look a little into the
details of this bill as far as I can gather them,
although in consequence of the numerous alter-
ations or modifications made I may not be able
in every respect to state its provisions correctly.
In the first section, at the very threshold, i find
something which I am unable to understand, and
to which I ask the attention of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that he may, if he pleases,
explain to us what it means. This first section
provides for calling "into military service not
exceeding five hundred thousand men, in addi-
tion to those already called for, to .serve for two
years, unless sooner discharged, and that, if not
otherwise obtained, a draft may be oidered to
take place within forty days, or at such time
thereafter as the President may direct."
I would inquire of the gentleman when those
forty days are to begin and end. Forty days
from when? From the time of the passage of
the bill, or from the time when a draft isattempted
to be made and the effoit has been found to be a
failure ?
Mr. STEVENS. Weil, sir, I desire to have
it construed as a lawyer would construe it. In
a bill of this kind, where time is designated in
this way, it is always construed to mean from the
date of the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then if the men are not
otherwise obtained the draft may be made 111 forty
days.
But suppose instead of containing that clause,
as its connection and the remainder of the bill
would seem to require, that is, first to exhaust
all efforts for recruiting and then to resort to the
forty days' notice, you should count the forty
days fiom the passage of the bill. Now, this bill
cannot possibly become a law, passed by Con-
gress and approved by the President, before about
the 4th of July. Forty days from that date will
bring you to the 13th or 14'h of A«w?ust. Is the
gentleman aware that between the 5th and 25th
of August the term of service of most of the hun-
dred days' men expires? Then what does the
gentleman present to us? A system for obtain-
ing men after the time and exigency have gone
by for which the men are wanted. And the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, dif-
fering from the President, differing from the Sec-
retary of War, differing from all concerned in
administering the Government in carryirig.on the
war, says they are entirely mistaken in regard io
what the emergency is, or how it is to be'met;
and he would have us adopt hfe slow and halting
manner of getting men. His bill, if'itgets men
at all, sets out with a plan for geuihg'Chem'only
after the time when the pressing' need Tor' them
will have come, and when we shall be involved-^n
the" very emergency for which they are required.
But let us proceed. The bill says that4< any
person who is liable to draft and has been regu-
larly enrolled, may purchase exemption from
draft for the term of two years by paying $3*00
"at any time not less than ten da^s before the tirne
fixed for such draft." As your law now stands
—the enrollment act of the last Congress, amended
at the present session—the payment of $300 on
any draft that may be called for secures an ex-
emption of the party paying that sum for that
call only, provided, however, that under no cir-
cumstances shall exemption be thus purchased
for more than one year. Instead, therefore, of
giving us a more rigorous law, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania in this second" section pro-
ceeds to relax the rule by which even money in-
stead of men is to be securcd". He doubles the
time for which exemption can be purchased by the
payment of $300. He makes the time two years
absolutely instead of one. This would be help-
ing the Government with a vengeance!' Instead
ot a more rigorous law, the present system is to
be made doubly lenient, while at the next step
the gentleman would destroy the possibility of
obtaining either men or money within any desira-
ble period.
Mr, STEVENS. The gentleman has over-
looked my modification, which provides ihat the
exemption shall only continue until the roll is
exhausted.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it is so if is not so ex-
pressed in the bill. There is no such limitation,
and at any rate the language u.-sed is open to loose
construction hereafter. But 1 will pass this ob-
jection now as if removed by more precise specifi-
cation in the amendment to be made.
Again, the gentleman speaks m relation to his
third section as if a new discovery had been made.
He says the Governors shall commission the offi-
cers of these various icgiments, all field and line
officers. That is a novelty indexed. Pray, who
commissions then) now ? Who but the Govlm nors
of the several States ? But the genih.man says he
has improved on the existing law by prOMding
for getting officers and men fiom the same neigh-
borhood or locality. Wheie, 1 would ask him,
are they now taken from except from their own
proper States and neighboihoods ?
So far, then, fiom this plan he has presented
to the House being something new, it contains
nothing but a lecnactment of that which is the law
and the fixed practice of the Government at the
present time. The gentleman seems to have for-
gotten that, with the exception of staff andgeneral
officers, all the officers of volunteers are com-
missioned now by the Governors of the several
States.
Mr. STEVENS. Am I to understand that un-
der these drafts now made the Governors appoint
the officers r
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly. The men drafted
under the present law and regulations are as-
signed to the regiments of their respective States.
Those regiments have been raised in the several
States and have field and line officers commis-
sioned by the Governors of those States. But
the gentleman says that he makes provision by
which they shall be kept together. Whatis that
provision? Why, that when, in the judgment of
the President, regiments are so reduced as to re-
quire consolidation, they may be consolidated
and the supernumerary officers may be detailed
foi the purpobe of raising new companies and
regiments. Is that another discovery? What
do the nineteenth and twentieth sections of the
existing law provide for now, except for consol-
idation? only that consolidation, instead of being
wholesale and of regiments, is confined to the
consolidation of companies m regiments from the
same State. So far, then, front thisbeingan im-
provement upon the present law in ihis respect,
the gentleman only touches jt to make it more
crude, more vague, and to work with more hard-
ship on the individuals concerned. If the gen-
tleman will take the trouble to look at those
sections, nineteen and twenty of the original en-
rollment act,' he'will find consolidation* provided
for by specific enac'ttnent'; not the' consolidation
bf regiments, but-of,companies \vithiri regiments,
and thosfe' to be1regitfi&ntsdniy V>f ffife'sa'rh&St^Cei
and that Consolidation to take- place ,whencregx-
mcnts have been reduced beloxv the' rriiriirrium
Vtahdkrd. *- 'v , •-* ■■ * ••• ■
I repeat that the gentleman ,'ohly touches thfe
•subject to make it harder on the soldier, :more
Vague, cruder and more indeterminate. The pr6s-
!etit law upon this- subject better eoverS the
ground; andit seems tome that the gentleman c&n
hardly have read it. 'By his1 bill heprdvides that
whenever, in the judgment of the President, rt
becomes necessary, any regiments in the Army
which have became depleted.thay be consolidated;
thus, a Michigan regiment-may be consolidated
with one from Massachusetts, or an Iowa regi-
ment with another from New York. There'is
no restriction. Whenever the President thinks
'proper he may bring together incongruously the
remnants of any of the volunteer regiments'in-the
Army. So far from thisbeingan improvement in
the law, the very object the gentleman/professes
to have in view would" be thus defeated; for he
would give the President the broad, unregulated,
unrestrained, unlimited power to put togethfer at
his discretion any regiments in the whole Army
obtained'from any quartey~cvcn those from the
most remote States—if he think proper to do so.
1 say that I suspect the gentlerrian has dr'awn his
bill without looking to see what the law now is.
1 may here remark upon the whole system of
the gentleman for obtaining troops. His policy,
as developed by his remaiks, and as vaguely in-
dicated in his substitute, is to raiso a new set of
regiments m the States, beginning the provision
for the war, as it were, anew, and leaving the old
regiments just as they are. What is to be the
consequence of that? We have now probably
about four hundied brigades'in the Army. Mul-
tiply that by four and you have say sixteen hun-
dred regiments; certainly the number will not
probably fall below fourteen hundred. Those
regiments are to be left to be decimated and re-
duced to one hundred and fifty men, or fifty, or
forty, or twenty-five, while we raise an Army of
raw troops. ' That is the gentleman's expedient
for meeting the demands of this greatemergency,
for building up the Army for future [imposes,
and keeping it up to itspresent standard. I pro-
test against his scheme. I say that no better plan
could be devised for crippling our military force,
letardmg the vigoious prosecution of the war,
and preventing it being brought to a speedy con-
clusion. I repeat, that the whole theory and sys-
tem of the gentleman is the getting up of a new
and raw Army, beginning as it were entirely
ane\v, commencing as we did in 1861, and as
though the head experience which we have had
since that time had taught us nothing.
It is true the gentleman provides for recruiting
oncers, but they are to be entirely independent
of the Government into whose seivice the troops
are to bo mustered when raised. Ho provides
that when legiments are consolidated the super-
numerary officers shall be sent out to recruit, but
he does not even say that they shall be sent to
their own States. They are to be sent off to re-
cruiLnew men. Thus you will have men brought
together in regiments, not from the same States,
but a mixed, incongruous mass drawn fram dif-
ferent parts of the country. What is to be done
with these other men when raised? We have no
positive intimation whether they are to be formed
into his new regiments or are to be put into the
<<ld regiments. That feature of the bill again is
entirely vague.
As to consolidation I will say this: even m con-
solidating companies of the same regiment, or
different regiments from the same State, accord-
ing to the provisions of the nineteenth and twen-
tieth sections of the enrollment law, it has been
found to work so unjustly, to be so oppressive
upon officers who have borne the brunt of the
w;n, and who are covered with scars, that in prac-
tice it has been virtually abandoned by the Gov-
ernment. If a specific plan of consolidation of
companies in the same regiment, and of regiments
fiom the same State, has been found not to work
well, but to be oppressive on officers and men,
how much more unfairly w/ll this loose, vague,
uncertain mode of consolidation provided for in
