9820
W® CONGRESSIONAL-' GLOBE.
June 27,
the substitute of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia operate against both officers and men! So far
as there is anything new in the matter, it is a dis-
covery in use before the gentleman's bill. So far
as there is any thing practical in it, a Kiorespecific
and a better law has been found, to, work badly.
And no w the gentleman, under the pretext of hav-
ing introduced something entirely different from
what has been, in practice and has operated so in-
effectively, \vouId resort toconsolidation, with a
looseness anil vagueness that "would make it ten
,tim'e$ more oppressive than anything of the kind
.yet tued (>p tpe part of the. G.ovej^ment.
.The substitute .offered by the gentleman from
■Pennsylvania proposes to give a bounty of $500.
It is well thatthegentlemen went into calculations
to show how, like pigeons flocking to the dove-
cote, everybody liable to draft would be rushing
forward to pay his $3.00. He proposes to give
$500 bounty to each of his ,five hundred thousand
men. A very little arithmetic will show that that
would amount to $250,000,000, to be paid for
bounty for tw;o years' service, which would be
equal to $750,000,000 for three years. It is not
to be wondered at that 1 should have looked at
this as a bill coming most appropriately from a
member of a committee which is accustomed to
deal with figures representing enormous sums of
money to be raised and expended, and not from
any one who has taken a practical view of the
working of a military bill or the military necessi-
ties of the Government.
And here let me remark, irr this.sixth section
another instance of looseness in this substitute.
It is provided that these bounties shall be paid in
certain proportions to the representatives of those
who " shall be killed or shall dje in the service"
before the expiration of their terms of enlistment.
Heretofore, in all similar legislation, we have
thought it proper and sufficient to provide that if
a man should die of wounds received or of disease
contracted in the service while in the line of his
duty, his widow or heirs should receive this
bounty. Liberal as the Government is disposed
to be, it has never gone beyond that. But this
provides that if any one is killed in the service—
that is to say, if he be mutinous and attempt to
strike his officer and be shot down—the bounty
is to be paid. If he deserts, and should die in
so.me hovel where he is hiding himself from the
officers charged with the detection of deserters,
the bounty is still to be paid; because,in thecon-
templatioo of the law, a man is in service so long
as his name is borne on the Army roll. Under
this substitute a man who is convicted of murder
or desertion and is executed by military law
would be entitled to have the bounty paid to his
representatives.
The gentleman has done me the credit to sup-
pose that 1 know a little about law. Well, not
agreat deal; but I certainly know enough to com-
prehend that a loose, uncertain, vague provision
of this kind—and it is of a character with the
other provisions of this bill—can hardly bo de-
pended upon for carrying out a measure in ref-
erence to which too much care cannot be exer-
cised to have all points made clear and precise.
The eighth section—and I only take time to go
into a hurried and cursory review—which allows
enrolled men to furnish substitutes, either before
or after the draft, is simply a refinactment of the
present law; and I am not aware of anything
which now prevents white drafted men from fur-
nishing colored substitutes. Certainly there can
be nothing doubtful on that point since the equal-
ization of the footing of the white and black sol-
diers. It seems to me, therefore, that the eighth
section contains nothing whatever not already and
fully provided.
I now come to the tenth section, and here there
appears the same difficulty, on which 1 have al-
ready colamented, in regard to those who may be
killed or die "in the service, without its being re-
quired to b«s while in the line of their duty. I may
lemark that there is in this tenth section the germ
of a good idea, very much bfttte'r developed, how-
ever, and set forth, I beg leave to suggest, in the
amendment to be proposed by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Moaiiiti,] which is printed and
before us. That amendment has a like provision
to this tenth section for the formation of an " Old
Guard," not subject to the Same objection for
looseness in the manner in which it is drawn atfd
framed,
But how is this whole plan of the gentleman
from. Pennsylvania to work ? Suppose you call
for your five hundred thousand men,and suppose
hot,getting "them you proceed with your draft.
The gentleman provides that immediately after
enrollment and before any draft takes place, any
man who can may come forward and get off on
payment of $300, Who are the men who will
first pome forward? It will not Be the poor man,
(he man of slender means who will have to scratch
about for a good while before he can raise his
$300; but the men of abundant means, those who
are flush of funds, will take advantage of the offer
and pay up at once after enrollment without wait-
ing for the draft. Everybody enrolled, except
the poor or those in straitened circumstances,
will therefore purchase exemption before the
draft, so that when you come to find it necessary
to make your draft it will be made almost exclu-
sively from one class of persons, from those who
are either so poor that they cannot raise $300 at
all, or else prefer to take their chance of having
to pay the $500 in future if drafted rather than
$300 in advance and as a certainty. I repeat that
when the draft comes the men who will then have
to pay $500 or go will be the poorest class in the
community, on whom the lot will fall the hardest.
I defy any man to show that that is not the inev-
itable result of the plan which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has now brought before us.
Your man who is rich, with whom greenbacks
are plenty, who is full in pocket, finding himself
upon the roll, will at once rid himself of the chance
of being drafted and of having to pay $500 by ad-
vancing as he can easily do his $300, while the
real burden of the whole thing will rest upon
those who are least able to bear it.
Now, sir, it has been objected to the substitute
which 1 proposed, and which provides for repeal-
ing the commutation clause altogether, that it is too
radical in its character; that it will create popular
disturbance. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
thinks that it will provoke physical resistance to
any attempt to enforce it. He says he hopes it will
not; but that in some sections of the country there
is great danger of its being resisted. Now, sir,
my friend from Pennsylvania has a poorer opin-
ion of the people than 1 have. I hold that the
soldiers and citizens of the country have been in
all these matters far ahead of the Administration
and far ahead of Congress. I hold that there is
nothing for which they ask, nothing they long
for so much as the infusion of vigor into the Ad-
ministration. Give them a law stringent in its
character; a law that they see will certainly pos-
sess sufficient strength to procure men to fill up
our armies to such an extent as will bring this
national struggle to the speediest close; that is
what the soldiers want and what the people want.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me to state upon what I founded my opinion in re-
spect to possible resistance to such a law as he pro-
poses, he will see that it was not upon any the-
oretic distrust of the people. He will recollect
that during the last summer it was necessary to
send several regiments of troops into the upper
mining portions of Pennsylvania to enforce the
draft, and hence it was that 1 was desirous of
avoiding any such possible necessity in the future.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right to yield to the gentleman from Iowa
for an explanation of the pending measure.
Mr. WILSON. I desire an explanation in re-
gard to this matter. In the section of country in
which I reside there are loyal people enough not
in the Army to see that that law is enforced, and
to see that those who are drafted obey the sum-
mons, and 1 hope there are loyal people enough
in Pennsylvania to enforce the draft there, without
calling a single man from the Army. I know it
is so m the northwestern States, and I hope it is
so in Pennsylvania and other States east.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to say anything
in reference to any other of the States. That kind
of remarks do not help us at all. They are not in
good taste and do not help us at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was saying that so far as
my observation goes, if there has been dissatis-
faction among the masses of loyal people of this
country, that dissatisfaction arises more from a
want of vigor and energy, the want of a firm, de-
cided, and determinedcourse, pursued in order to
obtain means and men to carry on with thorough-
ness this war in which we are engaged, than from
any supposed too rigid and active course taken
by the President or by Congress. We have
oftener fallen short of thangonetieyond the desire
and hope of the great mass of our people in this
respect. Show them good results and they never
quarrel with you about effective means..
Who does not remember the history of this $300
exemption clause ? When that provision in rela-
tion to the payment of thatamount by which ex-
emption was to be procured first became a feature
of the law it was made a political question all
over the land, and there was scarcely a young
Democrat in the Union who did not howl upon
every stump he could mount against that oppress-
ive, thpt aristocratic, that damnable clause in the
enrollmentact by which the poor man was to be
compelled to go to war while the rich man was
saved by paying his commutation. And now we
have these gentlemen here, claiming to represent
the Democratic sentiment of the country, voting
in a body to keep it in. Why is this? Because
it was thought at the time that the clause might
possibly be held, or thought, or suspected by the
people to bear oppressively upon them; and seiz-
ing on that idea, it was made by politicians of that
class a means for opposing the carrying on of
the war, and for condemning the Administration
and Government. But now, when it is discov-
ered that the people cannot be so influenced, that
what the great body of loyal men really want is
something efficacious, and that incumbered by
this commutation the law falls short of its design,
the entire programme is changed. I tell you
you will find that those who are opposed to our
stronger legislation, those who are allied moreor
less to the peace party of the country, are the
men who are opposed because such legislation
may be made too vigorous, because it will work,
because it will get men, because it will get money,
because it will furnish the means of carrying uri
this struggle of ours against a great, unholy re-
bellion which we are determined to put down.
But the loyal and best men of the country you
need not be afraid of. Whenever they find that
the law works vigorously; thatitdoes get money;
that it does sustain and uphold the hands of the
Administration and enable it to prosecute the
war, you will find them all over the land rallying
to the support of the Government,and approving
and defending us for infusing new force into the
system of military resources. That is my judg-
ment of the spirit of our people, and it differs
widely from the croaking predictions of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
How has it been in my own State? In 1862,
when the people thought the Administration waa
pursuing rather a timid policy, when, if there
was not absolute disaster everywhere to our arms
there was at least doubt felt as to a vigorous and
thorough conduct of military plans, we five mem-
bers only on this side of the House were re-
turned to represent districts of that State, while
fourteen on the other side came here representing
hostility to the war. But how was it in 1863?
In that year, when our arms had been crowned
generally with success,jvhen more vigorhad been
infused into the national councils, when the re-
bellion was more firmly grappled with, and it
was understood that the war was to be fought
through at every cost to a glorious ending, what
sort of a blaze swept over our noble State ? When
the great-popular judgment was summed up it was
shown that these colleagues of mine, these four-
teen Democratic gentlemen, are but political acci-
dents! They are not representative men. They
owe their presence here to the absence of their
constituents from the polls; for they came partly
because the soldiers were away in the Army, as
well as partly on account of the temporary dis-
couragement and depression on the minds of the
voters at home. They slipped in at the back
door and took possession while the inmates and
owners of the house were abroad or sleeping.
But at the succeeding election, when the people
were awake and in good cheer, and when our
brave soldiers could take part, how different was
the result! Not one of these gentlemen can re-
joice in a Democratic majority. With a single
exception, (and I am noteven sure of that,) if the
soldiers' vote be counted, not one of them, I be-
lieve, can claim to have a constituency remaining
