1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tained to the age of thirty years, and been nine years a citi-
zen of the United States, and who shall not, when elected, it
be an inhabitant of that State lor which lie shall be cho&en."
Age, citizenship, and inhabitancy in the State
at the time of election are the three and only con-
stitutional qualifications of a Senator. Can the
Congress add to them? Justice Story, in his Com-
mentaries, writing upon this very question, says,
as has been before cited in this debate:
" It would seem but fair reasoning upon the plainest
principles of lntei pretation th.it when the Constitution es-
tablished certain qualifications as necebearv for office, it
meant to exclude all others at- prerequisites. From the veiy
nature of such a provision the affirmative of these qualifi-
cations would seem to imply a negative of all others. A
power to add new qualifications is certainly equivalent to
a power to vary them."
Does the act of July, 1862, supposing it to ap-
ply to Senators, attempt to presenbe an additional
qualification for a Senator? It does,or itis with-
out meaning. That is a qualification for office
without which its duties cannot be permitted to
bo discharged. A person elected to be a Senator
and possessingevery constitutional qualification to
entitle htm to discharge the duties of his trust,
cannot, if this act is obligatory upon him, even
after ho has taken the oath to support the Consti-
tution, the only oath required by the Constitution
to be taken, enterupon the discharge of his duties
as such Senator until he has done soniethingelse:
that is, taken the additional oath prescubed by
the act of July, 1862. Is notthc taking that oath
then a prerequisite, a condition, a quahjication of
office, if the trust of a Senator is to be considered
an office, without which the person ejected cannot
be permitted to represent his State m this body?
The States, being parties to the contract of union,
agreed, by the adoption of the Constitution, to
whatever it contains,and to nothing else. They
agreed—the people of the States agreed with each
other, or, if you prefer the expression on account ;
of any opposition to what may be considered the J
doctrine of State rights, the people agreed that ;
each State should be represented in the Fedeial ,
Senate by two members. They agreed that those j
members should have the three qualifications be- j
fore referred to, and should swear or afiitm to |
support the Constitution. Upon these conditions, i
so far as relates to Senators, they agreed to live j
in union with each other. Did they agree to any j
other conditions in reference to the qualifications j
of their Senators, or to any oath of office they t
should take? If so, those additional conditions j
or qualifications must necessarily be found in the j
written Constitution; for it is the only evidence j
of their agreement. Where are they? Point me !
to the article and section in which they are con- j
tained. They are not there. Whence, then,your j
authority to impose them? When, where, how j
have the States made you theiragents to agree to '
new and further terms and conditions of union
between them ? Where do you derive the author-
ity to say to a soveieign State, you shall not be
lepiesented in the Senate of the United States,
notwithstanding the agents you select to repiesent
you have every qualification which we ourselves
had when admitted as members of the body, and
all which we have since had, all the Constitution
requires, all which every Senator who sat in the
body for seventy-five yeais had, unless those
agents will as a condition precedent to entering
upon the discharge of their duties take an oath
which we ourselves have not taken, and which is
not lequircd by the Constitution to which you
are a patty? If you can require the oath pre-
scribed m'the act of July, 1862, to be taken as a
condition precedent to entering upon the discharge
of the duties of a Senator, where is the limitation
upon your authority either as to the number or
character of the oaths which you may presenbe ?
If the taking of this oath is obligatory, then also
would the taking of one that the person churning
a seat in this body had never violated any one of
the ten commandments, that he had climbed the
Andes, swam the Hellespont, looked into the cra-
ter of Vesuvius, split rails m Illinois, or com-
manded a flatboat on the Mississippi.
Itis no answer to say that Congress would never
attempt the imposition of such conditions upon
membership m this body. The question is not
what Congress will do, but what has Congress pie
constitutional power to do? Upon the supposition
that they can impose the oath under consideration
they can requiie fir nioie dangerous ones than any
I have named. They can amend this very act so
as to make it obligatory upon a Senator to swear
that he voted at the last presidential election for
the present Federal Executive, and that he will vote
for Siis reelection; that he had not opposed in any
manner the adoption of any measure of public pol-
icy advocated by the party in power; and those
who shall succeed you, as members of this body,
might requiie that all peisons claiming admission
as Senators here shall, before entering upon their
duties as Senators, swear that they never advo-
cated or approved any measure of policy adopted
by this Administration. Thus would a right to
aseaton this floor depend, not upon the fixed,de-
termined qualifications prescribed in the Constitu-
tion, butupon the whim, capiice, or partisan feel-
ing of those who happened for the tune being to
j be in the majority here. But I will not enlarge
i upon this branch of the subject. The settled judg-
| ment of the statesmen of the country from the
| formation of the Government to the present tunc, ;
| as evidenced by the absence of any attempt toin-
; augurnte any such system of legislation as that
i proposed, is conclusive as to its wantof eonstitu-
| tional support. No statesman living or dead be-
I fore the session of 1862 ever countenanced such
i unwarrantable legislation; no commentator upon
| the Constitution has ever suggested the possibility
i of the existence of any such power in Congiess;
| but every one whose \iews have been expt Cosed
I on the question has denied the existence of the
j power. It is in vain to say that by the Consti-
i tution each House is the judge of the election and
| qualifications of its own members. No one de-
nies it. Each House is the judge whether any
one claiming admission into it has the qualifi-
cations prescribed in the Constitution; but*the
power to decide whether prescribed qualifications
exist in the particulai case, and the power to cre-
ate qualifications notbefoie pres.cnbed, ate wholly
diffeient things. The Senate and House shall be
the judges of, is the language of the Constitution,
the qualifications, the constitutional qualifications
of their members, not the creators or prescubers
of those qualifications. Their function in this re-
paid is judicial, not legislative. They judicially
determine what qualifications exist in the particu-
lar case, do not legislatively declare what quali-
fications ought to or shall exist. To attempt to
support the constitutionality of the act of July,
1862, and the power of Congress to requiie the
administration of the oath m question upon the
ground that each House is the judge of the elec-
tion and qualification of its own members, is to
reason nbsiudly and to contradict the premises of
the argument; for in fact tins act denies the exist-
ence of any such right in the respective Houses,
and assumes that both Houses, by a joint act ot^
legislation, with the approval of the Piesidcnt of
the act, have authority to determine those mat-
ters for the Houses respectively. "But," says
some zealous patriot, justly indignant at the at-
tcmptto separate these once happily united States,
"would you have Jefferson Davis and Robert
Toombs, whose hands are dripping with the blood
of our brave soldieis, to appear in this Chamber
and take teats as members on this floor?"
Such exclamations, sir, may yell become the
hustings or serve to excite the passions of the
tumultuous mob. They have no force when ad-
dressed to the legal mind engaged m determining
the obligatory chmacter of legislative enactments,
and by none can be supposed to have relevancy
to the ispues of this debate. This act and (his
order does not pretend to exclude any one from
membership in the Senate who has given aid or
comfort to the enemy, or even lnm whose hands
are stained with the blood of" our brave soldiers."
Inuocency of these great crimes is not the addi-
tional qualification which your act seeks to estab-
lish, but i! is simply the oath of the pai ty claim-
ing membership i hat he has not been guilty of the
offenses ofwliKii he is i equued to ouige himself;
and if he does purge litrns:elf by talcing the oath,
his right to enter upon the djsrhaige of bis unties
is even by the piovisiuns oi yutir act and the
terms of your ouh r plain,< lear, and unquestioned,
Should he sw«'ar falsely he may, under the act,
be prosecuted fhrpeijuiy. Ijut self-purgation by
oath fulfills youraddmonal condition of membei-
ship and establishes the existence of the qualifi-
cation which i he act teqmafs.
The In moral >leSenatoi lrom Vermont [Mi . Col-
lAMiv.itj has attempted the only legal arguim ntin
I favor of the constitutional power of Confess to
j declare, if not a constitutional qualification, a con-
| sfifutjonal disqualification for a Senator, I lie
deservedly acknowledged ability of that Senator,
his great legal learning,, which causes him oh «
such subjects always to be listened to with marked
attention in this body, caused me when he arose
to address the Senate to be somewhat apprehen-
sive in regaid to the correctness of the opinions
which I had foimed; but when I listened to the
premises of his argument, their illustration, and
finally to the al tempt, as I thought, to ridicule, the
argument of my colleague, I was convinced that
a cause in behalf of which only so much could be
said was not to be considered as sustained by;
correct legal principle or truly logical reasoning.
I have examined the printed argument of that
Senator, and with becoming deference presume
upon some reflections upon its principles. The
Senator remarks that
<k fn older to understand propeily the true intent and
meaning, the purport and object of a statute, it is neces-
sary and piop.'r to take into eon^ideiatjoji all the coutem-
jjoiam-oiw legislation m pari materia, all relating to that
subject paf-M-d in or about that tone, bearing upon each
other
Hi: attributes the failure of my colleague to
meet the true issue of this debate to a disregard
of this supposed just rule of interpretation. The
subsume of the Senator's argument is this: that
up to 18G] we had experienced great difficulty
from the fact that persons held seats in this and
the other branch of Congress whose affections
were alienated from the Government and who
desired to destroy it; that they finally attempted
its destruction by retiring from Congress, by de-
parting from this city, as did CaLiline from Rome;
to carry into effect through blood the conspiracy
which they had hero concocted. The evil to be
remedied by congressional legislation lie assumes
to have been the possibility of a lepetition of such
conduct ill the future by declaring that those who
had so acted should never 111 the future be capable
or qualified to hold any office under the United
Stales. That provision was made, he suggests,
by the passage of an act in July, 1862, which pro-
vides—
" That every person who shall heieafter commit the crime
of tieayon against the United States, nr d shall be adjudged
jjiijlt v thcieof, shall suffer death, and all 1U« slaves, if any,
shall' be declared and made live; or. at tbe discretion of
llie com t. lie shall be impi e-oneil loi not less than five years,
and lined not less than $10,000, and ali his slaves, if any,
shall be declaied and made free ; said line shall be levied
and collected on any 01 all oi' the piopeity, real and per-
sonal, excluding slaves, of which the said person so con-
victed \yas the ownei at the time of committing the said
crime, any sale or conveyance to the eontraiy notwith-
standing.
" Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further cnactcd, That if any person
; shall hereafter incite, set on foot, or as-ist, or engage m any
lebellion or msnt lection against the authority ot the United
State*, or 11,0 liUVt> 111eh 1 <vfj or shall give aid or comfort
thereto, ur shall engage n> or give aid and comfort to any
bueh exiMint? rebellion or insurrection, and be convicted
theieof, such per&un shall bepnni-b<'d by impugnment for
a jici tod not exceeding ten yearn, or by u fine not exceed-
ing $10,000. and by the liberation of all In-, slaves, if any
he" have'; oi by both of said punifluncuts, at the discretion
oi the court
" Sec. 3.  4nd be it further cnactcd, That every person
gmliy of cither ol the olienses descubedin this act shall
be foiever incapable and di-ijuahfied to hold any office un-
der the United States "
" There," says the Senator, "was the law that
created the disability; it was not the law about the.
oath." Disability as to whom, and in respect
to what? To those mentioned in the act, and as
to that mentioned in the act, "any office under the
United Stales." Does not the Senator perceive
that his argument assumes the very matters in
controversy here—is a Senator an officer under
the United'States, and does a Senator hold any
office under the United States? These contro-
veited matters lie assumes as true, and addition-
ally assumes that .such an enactment as to Sena-
tor's would be constitutional Assuming that this
act constitutionally eieates a disability for the
I exercise of the trust of a Senator, the honorable
member from Veimont assigns as a reason for its
j enactment that it being impossible to convict of
the prohibited acts in the States m 1 evolution, the
I power of exclusion from the Senate was retained
| ill the body under the last section, which was pui-
1 posely wo'ided that the guilt of the person apply-
in"- for admission might be passed upon without
the. evidence of a judicial conviction being pro-
duced . i submit," Mr. President, that the only
evidence of ^uilt under this act which can any-
wise be recognized where vet* and whenever the
same ahaii become tbe subject of investigation is
the record of conviction. Suppose that itis pro-
vided in a State constitution or in a State law that
