1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1369
though the Cramers of the Government had ap-
ptopnatcd the territory of tho United States to
the erection of free Slates, no sooner was she in-
stalled in the Constitution,andVermont was ad-
imtted as a free State, than she looked about for
more slave States, and Kentucky was born of Vir-
ginia, under the Constitution, a slave State.
"To secute the blessings of liberty," says the
preamble, was the Constitution oidained and es-
tablished. How did slavciy then pervert its end
and aim ! And to-day there is no State among the
non-seceding States so wedded to this institution
as this first-born slave State Kentucky. Halt-
ing in her patriotism, limping in her support of
the Government, divided betwixt her love for the
Union and her love tor slavery, preferring to sac-
rifice her white sons to subdue rebellion lather
than put her slaves in the Army, she is a most
melancholy spectacle, showing to the woxld how
low this accursed weight could drag down the
gallant eld State, how, torpedo-like, it could be-
numb its energies, paralyze its efforts, and divide
and arm its citizens against themselves.
Look at theise two States of Vermontand Ken-
tucky ill this struggle. How nobly did thcGiecn
Mountaineers " march to the music and keep the
step of the Union 1" How cravenly and unpa-
triotieally did the gallant Kentuckians mount the
platform of neutrality, and leave the old flag to
be borne and upheld by othei hands ! They have
nothing to choose between patriots and rebels!
Mr. President, why was it, and why is it so '
Plainly and simply because Vermont had no
slaves, and Kentucky had. Amend the Consti-
tution, make slavery impossible in Kentucky, she
will be more patuotic, and will in the end rest
happy, quiet, and prosperous in the Union, and
receive an untold gain.
If all the new States admitted after the foinfla-
tion of the Constitution had been free States, sla-
very never could have increased as it has, nay,
must rather have diminished, and we should have
escaped this cruel civil war. But under the Con-
stitution shu-f ry ran a race with freedom to secure
a slave State as often as there was admitted a free
State; yes, and more; for the firsthalf century of
the Go\ernmentsix fi ee States were admitted and
nine slave States; Vermont in 1791; Ohio in 1802;
Indiana in 1816; Illinois in 1818; Maine in 18:20;
Michigan in 1837; Kentucky in 1792; Tennessee
in 1796; Louisiana in 1812; Mississippi in 3817;
Alabama in 1819; Missoun in 18*21; Arkansas in
1^36; Flonda in 1845; Texas in 184a.
Mr. President, 1 would amend the Constitution
and banish slavery from the United States for
that. She has spread herself since thefoimution
of the Constitution over millions of square miles
and among millions of people. She has excluded
fiom that territory free schools and those insti-
tutions of learning which are accessible to the
poor, and thus kept the people in comparative
ignorance. She has degraded jabot and increased
poverty and vice. She has reared an aiistocracy
and trampled down the masses. She has denied
oftentimes in those States to citizens of other Slates
their rights under the Constitution. She has shut
up to them the liberty of speech and the press.
She has assaulted them, imprisoned them, lynched
them, expatriated them, murdered them, for no
ciime, but because they testified against her. She
lias dehaned from that territory most of the im-
provements which mark a ftee "people. She has
perverted knowledge. She has opened in parts-
of it the foreign slave trade, and obstructed the
punishment of the kidnapper and the pirate. In
other parts she has degraded the people to the in-
famous business of laising negroes for sale, and
living upon their increase. She has practiced con-
cubinage, destroyed the sanctity of marnage, and
sundered and broken the domestic ties. She has
baund men, women, and children, robbed them,
beat them, bruised and mangled them, burned
and otherwise muidered them. To their ciies
she has turned a deaf ear, to their complaints shut
the courts, and taken from them the power to
testify against their oppressois. She has com-
pelled them to submit in silence and labor in tears.
She has forbidden their instruction, and mocked
them with the pretense she was christianizing
them through suffering.
She has devised and set up the doctrine of State
rights, denying that her people owed allegiance to
the national Government, thus weakening theii
attachment to it and sapping its foundations. '
She has claimed to nullify the acts of Congress
and to yield obedience to those only which she
chose to obey.
She agreed to a division of the national domain
by the line of 3(i° 30', abided by it till she had ap-
propriated the part assigned to her, then abro-
gated it, and filled Kansas with fiaud, violence,
and blood to securc the rest.
She stole into Texas, caused it to rebel against
Mexico, and then erected it into a slave State in
the Union, and made the nation pay the debts of
the adventure.
She made war again on Mexico for more terri-
tory; and when California, a part of the tenitory
obtained by the war, asked to be admitted as a
free State, she refused her assent until appeased
by new compromises.
She went jnto the court, and,
lc Squ.it like a toad,'1
she whispered into the car of the Chief Magis-
trate that the negro had no " rights which the
white man was bound to respect." She caused the
com? to deny him the lights of a citizen, and,
breaking down the old landmark's, drive him from
the justice-hall a castaway without aid and with-
out hope. Failing to elect a President agreeable
to herself, she prepared to revolt. She sent as-
sassins to murder the Chief Magistrate-elect on
his way to the capital. She Emptied the Treas-
ury; she sent away the Aimy and the Navy;
she tiansferied arms from the North to the south-
ern arsenals, and stole them when they reached
there; she beleaguered and assaulted and cap-
tured the fortifications of the United States; she
threatened the capital; she burned bridges to ob-
sti nctthe, ai i ival of succor; she shot down Union
soldiers in the streets of Baltimore; she has set
armies in the field, and she now seeks the nation's
life and the destruction of the Government. To
this end she lias waged this war of rebellion three
long years, and will continue to wage it till sub-
dued by superior force and arms.
Air, President, this rebellion is slavery in arms;
and slavery is the ward if not the child of the
Constitution. Right well has the guardian dis-
charged the trust. But the creature thus pro-
tected and warmed into life has stolen to the
bosom of Us protector and aimed its dagger at the
life of the Government. Sir, it is time this dis-
astrous relation should cease. Let the letters of
guardianship be ievoked. Reviewing this his-
tory and recounting this catalogue of crimes, let
Senators, Mr. President, tell me if slavery should
longer be tolerated m our Government. Should
it not cease to exist? Should not the Constitu-
tion be amended so as to entirely forbid and pro-
hibit it? Nay, sir, can any one for a moment
suppose the wise framers of the Constitution
would not have provided some means for its ex-
tinction could they have anticipated the hideous
proportions it would assume or the atrocities it
would commit and the destruction it would
Uneaten ?
And here let no one tell me that it is already
dead, for it is not so. it is wounded, s;ck, and
it may be of little value, but it is not dead; it is
vital in every part, and cannot but by annihila-
tion die. It exists in Virginia, it exists in Ken-
tucky, it exists all through the States where it
foimeily existed,unless it has been extirpated by
the action of one or two States—Arkansas, Vir-
ginia, possibly, and Louisiana; but itis not dead;
and if you do not make a final finish of it it will
rise agam to toiment and to punish you for the
loss of this opportunity.
1 would noton!jr, like the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, smite it on every occasion, but, as the
son of Jesse did to the giantof Gath, I would cut
off its head with its own sword. I would so fight
this rebellion as to finish it, and 1 would make
its future existence foiever impossible by the
adoption of the proposed amendment of the Con-
stitution.
There is, Mr. President, an essential difference :
between the emancipation of slaves and the abo-
lition of slavery. The act of Congress of the
17th July, 1862,set free certain classes of sla\es.
The President's proclamation of January 1,1SG3,
proclaimed fieedom to tho^e of ceitain distncts. ;
Both were measures of emancipation. They con-
cerned the persons of slates,and not the institu-
tion of slave! y. Whatever be then foice end
extent, no one pietends they altered or abol-
ished the laws of servitude in any of the slave
States. They rescued some of its victims, but
they left the institution othei wise untouched.
They let out some of the prisoners, but did not
tear down the hated prison. They emancipated,
let go from the hand, but they left Ifte hand un-
lopped, to clutch again such unfortunate creatures
as it could lay hold upon. This amendment of
the Constitution is of wider scope and more
searching operation. It goes deep into the soil,
and upturns the roots of this poisonous plant to
dry and wither. It notonly sets free the present
slave, but it provides for the future, and makes
slavery impossible so longasthis provision shall
lemain a part of the Constitution. Sir, this amend-
ment will be most propitious. On all the slave-
accursed soil it shall plant new institutions of
freedom, and a new or regenerated people shall
rise up, with an undying, ever-strengthening
fealty to that Government which has bestowed
nothing but benefits and blessings.
Even to old Virginia, beat down the rebellion
and make her a free State, prosperity would -re-
turn. Her people would learn to labor, and she
would respectitsdignity. Commerce would c.over#
her bays and glide into her noble livers; products
would fill her marts and luxuriant grains wave
in all her fields. With amilU climate,arich soil,
abundant harbors,bays,rivers,and water-courses,
with rich and undeveloped mineral resources, she
would become the land of abundunce, and on
every hand would grow villages and towns, with
schools and chinches, and all the institutions of
a higher civilization.
But, sir, I am told that this is not the time for
such an amendment of the Constitution. Pray
when, sir, will it come? Will it be when the
President has issued more and more calls for two
or three hundred thousand men of the country's
bravest and best? Will it be when more fath-
ers and husbands and sons have fallen, and their
graves are thicker by the banks of the rivers
and streamlets and hillsides? Will it be when
there are more scenes like this I hold in my hand
—an artist's picture, a photograph of an actuality
—of a quiet spot by the side of a river, with the
moon shining upon the water, and a lonely sen-
tinel keeping guard, and here in the open space
the head-boards marking the burial-places of many
a soldier boy, and an open grave to receive another
inmate, and underneath the words, "All quiet on
the Potomac? " [Exhibiting a photograph to the
Senate.] Will it be when such scenes of quiet
are more numerous, not only along the Potomac
but by the Rapidan, the Chickahominy, the Stone,
the Tennessee, the Cumberland, the Big Black,
and the Red? Sir, note, in my judgment, is the
time, and the fitting time. Never until now could
this amendment have been carried, and now I hope
and believe it can. " Whom the gods would de-
stroy they first make mad."
Maddened by its profits, its growth, and its
strength, to pttserve and perpetuate slavery, to
found an empire on its hateful basis, eleven of the
slave States have levolted from and armed them-
selves against this Government. In theory and
law no Slate can secede from this Union. They
are bound m indissoluble constitutional ties; but
actually, and in fact, these States have broken
away from the Union; they are practically out of
it; they take no part in it, and we have no control
over them, except so far as we have taken and now
hold the country by foice of arms. They aie
revolted States. There remains to us the right
to compel them to submit, to reduce them under
the sway of the Constitution and the laws, and
we mean to do it. But what has been the effect
of this revolt and separation on slavery?
Slavery's strongest and safest guarantees were
in the Constitution, and its supporteis wqi*o mad
when they cast away and threw off those guaran-
tees. Remaining m the Union, no one would
probably have moved for an amendment of the
Constitution. Loyal to the Government, hostile
armies would not have set free their slaves, nor
laws now necessary and expedient have authorized
their employment against their masters in arms.
But now, sir, every free State will gladly, it is
hoped and believed, vote for the proposed amend-
ment. Most would rejoice to do it; while num-
bers of the slave States, aghast at the miseries of
secession and the horrors of this cruel civil war, _
recognizing slavery as the cause of all this dis-
till bance and all these woes, would he among the
foremost to sweep it forever away.
