1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
8321
which would back their votes here against the
earnest prosecution of the war and in favor of
sustaining slavery. Mark thus upon the calen-
dar the difference in two years taken from the
history of a single State. It is the difference be-
tween halting doubt and active, hopeful earnest-
ness.
Sir, I trust the people and I trust the soldiers.
You have nothing to fear from them. I have
spoken of the people. How is it with regard to
the soldiers ? Do you ever find them complain of
your sending too many men to the field or that
you are pursuing too vigorous a policy? You
hesitate as to how somebody will regard your
votes here and whether they will receive sanction
at the polls at home. But go to the battle-field
and stand beside some poor dying brave fellow
there. Hear what hchas to say. Learn, if you
can, what he thinks about all this; and I tell you
he will put all your doubting and hesitation to
«hame. If you look- at the last feeble glimmer-
ing of that man's glazing eye, and speak to him
about the chances of his country's cause, you will
see even in his dying moment his face light up
with a smile as he'whispers faintly to your bend-
ing ear that his fate is as nothing if only his sur-
viving comrades can be sustained in their endeav-
ors to carry the loved old flag on to victory. Go
to the hospitals, and what do you see there? Walk
among the beds of the wounded with their shat-
tered limbs and mangled bodies, and you will
find nothing but'cheerfulness, nothing but resig-
nation; and the most you can draw from a poor
fellow who is crippled in a leg or arm is that his
greatest desire is to be up and at the cursed rebels
again, if the Government will only furnish abund-
ant means to go ahead effectively and prosecute
the war to a complete and triumphant conclusion.
Sir, I am not afraid of the judgment of the sol-
diers or of the citizens. But even if I were, if 1
thought I might lose my nomination if 1 cared
for it, or my election if I cared for it, it is enough
for me to know that the war-making power, to
which we have intrusted this whole matter, has
said that we must infuse more vigor into this law
by making the change which we were asked to
make, and the pressing necessity for which my
own judgment approves. And you, my Union
friends here, you have voted down, once, twice
already, a wholesome amendment by which we
are to make the law give us men rather than money,
but I venture to predict that you are bound to pass
it yet in some form before we shall adjourn. It
is enough for me to know that a change in the
law is demanded for the safety of the country,
and that my own information and conviction sat-
isfy me that such a change is needed and right, to
give it my support with all the power i have.
With the expression of these views, I intend
to leave the subject. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has been heard in favor of his substitute
and I have spoken against it. I think he has
framed his bill with about as much crudeness and
hastiness as I have thrown off my remarks. I
propose now to offer a substitute for his entire bill;
and with the consent of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Eliot] I will accept his amend-
ment as a part of mine, if he will withdraw it as
an amendment to that which was offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. In order that he
may determine whether he will do so or not, I
will send my substitute to the Clerk's desk to be
read for information; and I will just remark that
it is substantially the bill which has passed the
Senate, embodying also the leading propositions
contained in the bill which I offered and which
was voted down this morning. If we adopt it in
place of the substitute of the gentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania, we can then, after the previous ques-
tion shall have exhausted itself, add to it any
further provisions we please which may commend
themselves to the favor of the House.
The Clerk read Mr. Soiiekck's substitute, as
follows:
Be it enacted, $c., That so much of the act entitled "An
act lor emolWng ana calling out the national forces, and
tor other purposes,'1 approved March 3, 1863, and the acts
amendatory thereof, as authorizes the discharge of any
drafted person from liability to military service by reason
of the payment of $300 for the procuration of a substitute
or othciwisc, be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Pro-
vided, That nothing contained in this act =shai! bo con-
htiue<! to alter the piovisioris of existing laws'lelative to
persons actually furnishing substitutes.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be Ufmthei enacted, That in calls for drafts
hereafter made under the act for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and the acts in addition to or amend-
atory thereof, the same may be made for such term of time
as the President shall direct, not exceeding one year.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That the number of
men furnished from any district for the service of the
United States beyond and above its quota on calls hereto-
fore made, and the term of service of such riien, shall be
considered and allowed to said district in calls hereafter
made.
Sec. 4. *ftnd be it further enacted, That no person drafted
oa future calls, or who shall volunteer to fill the same,
shall be liable to be again drafted until Hie existing enroll-
ment shall be exhausted.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, in case I withdraw
my amendment, and the substitute offered by the
gentleman from Ohio be not accepted, will it not
be in order to offer my amendment again?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to call the pre-
vious question only on the pending amendment.
One word now by way of explanation in refer-
ence to this substitute. It is the Senate bill on
the Speaker's table. With becoming modesty, I
regard the Senate bill as not being so good as-
my bill, which was voted down this morning.
[Laughter.] Still, it contains two features which
were the leading points of that bill. It abolishes
the commutation clause and preserves that for
the procuration of substitutes. Thus, it sets out
with precisely the principle of the bill voted down
this morning. It contains some other provisions
that are not at all unacceptable, I believe, to any
gentleman. Then it omits certain provisioris con-
tained in the fourth, fifth,sixth,and seventh sec-
tions of the bill rejected this morning, in regard
to enlisting men in the rebel States, in regard to
providing that children shall not be mustered into
the scrvice or held, in regard to assigning men to
regiments from their own Slates, and permitting
them to select their own regiments or companies.
By moving the previous question on the amend-
ments alone, if the House conclude to adopt the
Senate bill as an amendment in lieu of the substi-
tute offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
we can go on arid add any of these provisions
which the House may think proper to adopt.
With these remarks, I move the previous question
on my substitute,
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to modify my
amendment.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I have no objection to the
gentleman's modifying it.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Ohio
has been very polite and courteous in all his criti-
cism. He has criticised my substitute in the mild-
est manner.
Mr,-SCHENCK. I have been associated so
long with my friend from Pennsylvania that I
could not help it.
Mr. STEVENS. It is lawful to learn from the
enemy. The criticism might have been contained
in harsh language; but, mild as it was, it pene-
trated my sensibility and 1 will adopt it. i will
modify my substitute in reference to the payment
of bounty by making it payable in case the sol-
dier shall die while in the service, or of disease
contracted or wounds received in the service while
in the line of his duty. I will also add to my sub-
stitute the Atth section of the bill reported by the
gentleman from Ohio, as follows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the twentieth section of
the act entitled "An act to amend an aet entitled 'An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,'" approved February24s 1«64, shall be con-
strued to mean that the Secretary of War shall discharge
minors under the age of eighteen years, under the circum-
stances and on the conditions prescribed in said section ;
and hereafter, it any ofheer of the United States shall
knowingly enlist or muster into the military service any
person under the age of sixteen years, with or without the
consent of his parent or guardian, such person so enli3t<«d
or reciuited shall be immediately and unconditionally di«-
chaiged ; and such recruiting or mustering officer shall be
dismissed the service with forfeiture of all pay and allow-
ances. and shall be subject to tuch further punishment a a
a court-martial may direct.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman's bill and
mine differ radically from each other. I have a
great many good things m my bill besides the rad-
ical point. 1 do not know why I ought to lend
him matter in this way.
Mr. BLAIR. I modify my previous amend-
ment to the original bill, and offer it as follows:
That so much of the act entitled "An act for enrolling
ami cal!ui£ out tile national fore-", am! forollier purpose?,"
appiovet! Mnicli 3, 1S63, and ol tiio several nets amenda-
tory thereof, as provides tor a eommutiUKm m money, to
be paid by peiftoua enrolled or drafted tot military seiviee,
lit lieu of actually rendering feucil milftary seiviee, be. and
tli6 same is hereby, repealed; and herealter mo payment of
money shall he accepted'or received by the Governmentto
release an enrolled or drafted man from obligation to per-
form military duty: Provided, That hereafter no person
shall be received or accepted to serye in the Army of the
United States as a substitute^ for any other person, liable
to military doty and who may nave been enrolled or drafted
for that purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the gentleman from
Ohio demands the previous question J desire to
suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania a
modification of his substitute. The seventh sec-
tion of his substitute reads that it shall be lawful
for any State to send out recruiting agents. I
propose that he modify, it so as to make it read
that it shall not be lawful for atfy of the States to
send recruiting agents, and that no State shali
be credited with enlisted men who are not citizens
of the State claiming the credit, or foreigners who
do. not owe allegiance to the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I Will say to the gentleman
that if my substitute shall be adopted it will then
be open to amendmentagain. The previous ques-
tion will only apply to the amendments.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman would
adopt my amendmentwith his substitute at once,
so that we should be sure it was there, some of
us might vote for it, while we might not upon
the chance that it would not be inserted aftef-
Wards.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire of course to obtain
all the support I can for my substitute, and if it
will satisfy the gentleman I atfa willing to strike
that section out altogether. Do I understand that
the gentleman wishes me to insert what he has
read in place of the section ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, sir, I do not think I
can do that, and on the whole I will allow the
section to remain as it is.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment of Mr. Blair to the original bill, 25
voted in the affirmative, and 93 in the negative.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BLAIR called for tellers on the yeas and
naysi
Tellers Wewnot ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question being next on the substitute
offered by Mr. Schenck,
Mr. SLOAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, flays 92, not voting 32; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison-, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Bax-
-ter, Beaman, Blair, Blow, Boyd, Ambrose W. Clark, Cole,
Creswell, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, J3ckley, Garfield, Higby,
Hotchklss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hul-
burd,Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kelley, Knox, Littlcjohn,
Loan, Marvin, McBride, McClurg, Mclmloe, Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers,Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Pike, Pom-
eroy, William H. Randall, John II. Rice, Kchenck, Shan-
non, Sloan, Srnitfiers, Spalding, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy,
Upeon,J31lhu B. Washburne, Wilson, and Window—58.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ames, Aneonu,
Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Blaine,
Bliss, Boutwell, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Chanler, CoffrQth,Cox; Cravens, Dawes, Dawson,
Denisan, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, .Eliot, English, Feriton,
Pmck, Frank, Ganson, Gooch, Grider, Griswold, Hardin#,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Her-
nck, Hohnan, Hutcliins, PhUlp Johnson, William John-
son, Kaibfleisch, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kenian,Knapp, Law, Lazear,Le Blond, Long, Mallory,
Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, McKinnev, Middieton,
William H. Miller, James It. Morris, Morrison, Nelson,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton, Perham,
Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander If. Rice,
Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Ross,'Scofield, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Wadsworth, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Webster, Wlialey, Wheeler, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, and Winfield—9-i.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. James C. Allen, Brandccce,
Broomail, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Demwg, Dumont, Farnsworth,
Grinnell, Hale, Hall, Hooper, Kasson, King, Longyear,
Perry, Price, Scott, Smith, Starr, Stebbiris, Van Valkeu-
burgh, Voorhees, Williams, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—S2.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the call of the roll, Mr. SCOTT stated
that lie had paired with Mr. Price.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be next
upon the adoption of the substitute by Mr. Ste-
vens. . , „
Mr. SMITHERS. Is it now in order to offer
£t substitute?
The SPEAKER. It is not while the House is
acting under the previous question.
