TIJB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June. 28,
Mr. STEVENS called for. th,e yeas .and nays
on his amendment. - - • , . ,
The yeas and nays were ordered'.
The question whs*taken; and it'was decided in
the negative—yeas 23,'hayslpO J riot'voting 39;,as
follows:
YJSAS-—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Bafly/Bautweli, William
G. Brown, EUot, English,,Gans,on,,, Ggvwold, Hale, Hotch-
fciss, Kernan,'Lazear/Lotfn, Orth, Alexander !L Rice, Ed-
ward H. Rolfins, Rois, Scdfteld, Witli&m-G. Steele, Ste-
vens, Webster, and Wikter4-2& - - '
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Alio#,. Allison, Ancona,
Anderson,Arj}old, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin,John D 
Baldwin, Baxter,'Beaman, Blair,Bliss, Blow, Boyd,Brooks,
Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark, Coffroth, Cole, Cox, Cravens,
Creswejl^ Dawes, i>awson, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Bckley, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Fenton, Pinck,
Frank, Garfield, Goods, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris,, diaries iVt. Harris, Herrick, liigby, Hol-
man, Kulburd, fiatchins, FngersotI, Jenckes, Philip John-
son, William jolinson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, Kelley. Fr-aneis
W, Kellogg, OUando Kellogg, Knox,Le Blond, LlttU-jOhn,
Long, Mallory,. Mai cy," Marvin, McBride, Mc'Clurg, Mc-
Dowell, Mcfndoc', McKinney, Mtddieton, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, William H. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Moms,
James R. Morris, Monison, Nelson, Noble, Norton, Odeil,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, perjiam, Pike,
Pomeroy, Pruvn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, WiUiauiII.
Randal!, John n.'Rrce, Rogers, JamesS. Rolifns, Sclienck,
Shannon,Sloan, Stmthefa,tfpcdding, John B. Steele, Stilus,
Sfuouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thopias, Tracy, Upson,
"Van Valkcnburgb, Wadswouh, Ward, Ehhu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Whalcy, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Williams. Wilson, Windoio,
«ud Wmtield—120.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Blame, Bran-
degee, Broomail, James S. Brown? Freeman Clarke, Clay,
Cobb, Henry Wintei Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Doming, I)u-
mont, Farnsvvorflt, Grinneh, flail, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John H. flubbdid, Kasson, King, Knapp, Law,
Longyear, McAllister, Amos Myers* Leonard Myers, Pat-
terson, Perry, Piico; Robm^ou, Scott, SmittvStarr, Steb-
bms, Voorhee*,Benjamin Woyd, Fernando Wood, Wood-
bridge,and Yeainan—09.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr, SMITHERS. I now offer a substitute for
the original biU.
The substitute was read1, as follows:
]h it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
Of the United States of America in Congress assembled^
That the President of the United States may at his discre-
tion, at any time hereafter, call for any number of men as
volunte< rs, for the respective terms ot one, two, and thiee
yeais for military service, and any such volunteer, or in
ease ofdrali, a,s heieinalter provided, any substitute, shall
be credited to the town, township, pieeinet, or election dis-
trict towatd the quota of which be may have volunteered
or < ncagod as a substitute, and every volunteer and substi-
tute who is accepted and mustered into the service for a
term of one year, unless# sooner discharged, shall receive
and be paid by the (Jmted States a bounty of $200, and if
for a tei m of two years, unless sooner discharged, a bounty
of $300, and if for a term of three years, unless sooner
disehaiged, a bounty of $400, one hall of which bounty
shall be paid to the soldier at the Ume of his being mustered
into service; one fourth at the exphation of one halfof bis
term of seiviee, and one fourth at the expiration of his
term of service, and In ease of bis death while in service,
the residue <>f his bounty unpaid Khali be paid to hts widow,
if he shall have ielta widow, if not, to Uis children, onl
there be none, to his legal repiesentatives, and in case he
la honorably dischuigcd by reas.on of wounds or sickness
incurred in the service he shall receive full bounty,
Sko. 2. And be i{ further enmted, That in. case the
quota or any/ pan thereof of any- town, township, ward,
jHcciuet, or election district, or of any county not so sub-
divided, shall not bo filled wifhm the space of sixty days
after such eall? then the President shull order n diaft for
one year to fill such quota or any part thereof which may
be unfilled; and in ease of any buch draft, no payment of
money shall be acecpted or received by the Government as
commutation to release any enrolled or drafted man from
personal obligation to peiform military service.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
iui tor the Executive ol any of the States to send recruit-
ing agents into any of the States declared to be in rebellion
to leeruit volunteer under any call under the provisions of
this act, who shall be credited to the State and to the
respective subdivisions thereof wluch may procure the
Ciih.-stmeut.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That drafted men,
substitutes, and volunteer.*, when musteied In, shall be or-
ganized into or aligned to regiments, batteries, or other
organizations of their own States, and, as far as practicable,
bhall, when aligned, bo .permitted to select theirown regi-
ments, batteries, or other oigamzauons trom among those
of their respective States wlueh at the tim<* of assignment
may not be filled to their maximum number.
Sec. 5. And be it jy.rth.er enacted, That the twentieth
fcection ot die act entitled l<An act to amend an act entitled
{Au act for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and lor othei purposes,'" approved February 24. 1864,
shall be construed to mean that the Si crctary o*f Warsh.ill
dis.cli.tige minois under the age of eighteen years, under
the encumbrances and on Hie conditions prescribed in said
section; and hereafter, if any officer of the United States
shall knowingly en'i&t oi master into the military service
any per-ou under the age of sixteen years, with or without
the consent r>l his patent <>i guaidi.m, «uch person so en
listed or reei uited shall be immediately and unconditionally
dischaigcd ; and aueh recuutiny; or mustering officer shall
be di-iinWed the service with toiiemue of all pay and al-
lowances, and shall be subject to such further punishment
as a court-martial may ducct.
Sac. 6. And be it Jurthcr enacted, That section three of
an act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled cAn act
for eniolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes,approved February 24,1864,be,and the
same is hereby, amended so as to authorize and duect dis-
trict provost marshals, under the, direction of the,Provost
MaishaJ Genera/, to make a draft foi fifty per cent, in addi-
tion to the nmnbei retired to fiiltbeq.uota of any district,
as provided by said section.
Sec. 7. And be it further enactcdr That, instead of trav-
eling pay, all diafted persons repoitmgat the place of ren-
dezvous shall be allowed transportation from their places
of residence; and persons discharged at the pla<*e of ren-
dezvous ahall be allowed transportation to their places of
residence. . .
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That all persons in the
naval service of the United States who have entered said
service during the present rebellion, who have not been
credited to the quota of any town, district, ward, or State,
by reason of their being in..said service and not enrolled
prior to February SI, 1864, shall be enrolled and credited to
the quotas of the town, ward, district, or State in which
they respectively reside.
-* Seo. 9. And be it further enactcd, That if any person
duly drafted shall be absent fiom home in prosecution of
his usual busiuess, the provost marshal of the district shall
canse him to be duly notified as soon as may be, and he
shaH not b'e deemed a deserter, nor liable as «uch, until
nonce has been given to him and reasonable time allowed
for bun to return and iepo.it to the provost marshal of his
district; but such absence shall not otherwise affccthis lia-
bility under this act.
. Mr. SM1THERS. I .have no disposition to
press this substitute to a vote to-night. I desire
simply to have it printed that gentlemen may at
their leisure examine it. I am aware that it is
impossible to understand properly an insuument
merely read at the Clerk's desk. I do not design
to take any advantage of the House and press
this measure without allowing time for examina-
tion, and for that purpose I desire to have the
amendment printed, and the vote taken to-mor-
row. [Cries of " No!" " No*!"] Then I move
the previous question.
Mr. BLAIH. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeicd to be put.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House do
now adjouin.
The motion was not agreed .to.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, called for the
yeas and nays upon the substitute.,
Mr. STEVENS called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Smithers, and
Mr. Morris of Ohio, were appointed.
Tho House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-nine; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHANNON moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the negative—yeas *<5, nays 77, not voting30; as
follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold.
Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, (teaman, Blow, Bout-
well, 603-d, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Cieswetl,
Dawc«!, Dixon, Donnelly, Dugg?.,' Eekloy, Eliot, Frnton,
Gaffield, Gooeh, lligby. Hooper,' Hotchki^s, Asahel W.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingei>oil, Jenckes,
Julian, Ke!iey,Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,
Littlejohn, Loan, Maivin, Mclitide, McCluig, Alclndoe.
Samuel F Miller, Moorhead, Itfoirill, Darnel Moms, Amos
Myers, Lconaid Mycr^, Norton, Cbatles O'Neill, Orth, Pat-
terson, Peiham,Pomeroy, William II. Randall, Alexander
II. Rice, John fi. Rice, Edwaid it. Rollins, Sehenek, Sco-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Smithes,Spalding, Thayer, Tracy,
Upson, Ehhu B. Washbuine, William iC Wasliburn, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, uiad Windom—75,
JVASTS—iMessu*. William J. Alien, Ancona, Baily, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown,
VViiliam G. Biown, Chauler, Coffroth, Cox^ Ciavciib, Daw-
son, Denison, Eden. Edgorton, Eldridge, English, Fmck,
Ganson, Grider, (*u«woId, Hale,Hatding, Uairington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Chaiies M, Hairi*, tieriick, iiolmau,
Uulcinus, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Katbfleisch,
Keroan, Knapp, Law, L;i/,e;ir, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,
Maicy, McAIhster,Mc]Jovveil,McKinney, Middleton, Wil-
liam H. Miller, James it. Morns, Morrison, Nelson, Noble,
Odell,John O'Neill, Pendleton, Piuyn, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Robinson, Rogeis, James S. Rolhn*, Ross, John B.
Sfeelo, William G. Steele, Steven^, Stdes, Sfrouse, Sruau,
Sweat, Thomas, Wadsworth, Ward, Wcb-ter, Whaiey,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, and Win-
field—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Jamc-s C. Allen, Blaine, Bran-
degee, "Bioomalh Fre<>man Clarke, Cl.'tj', ilemy Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Demmg, Dumont, Fainswoith,
Frank, Gunneli, Hail, Kassou, King, Lougyeai, Peiry,
Pike, Price, Scott, Smith, Stair, Htebbim, Van Valiien-
burgh, Vooihees, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Yeainan—30.
So the substitute was not agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
eleven o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
. IjSJ.,SEN ATE.
Tuesday, June 28, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal. .
'On motion of Mr. WADg, ajid by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal waa dispensed
with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr.COLLAMER presented seven petitions of
citizens of Vermont, praying for the passage of
the bill (H. R. No. 276) to secure to persons in
the naval or military service of the United States
homesteads on confiscated or forfeited estate^ in
insurrectionary districts; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs,"to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Nathaniel Mc-
Lean, Richard G. Murphy,and Charles E.Fian-
dreau, reported it with an amendment.
INDIAN REGIMENTS.
Mr. MORGAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and, the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H, R.
No. 23) for the relief of the officers of the fourth
and fifth Indian regiments, to-rupoititback with-
out amendment and recommend its passage,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask to have that
joint resolution put on its passage now. I am
sure it will not lead to debate.
' By unanimous consent the joint resolution was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to direct tho proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to adjudicate and settle the claims
of thoseofKcers of the fourth and fifth Indian regi-
ments who were commissioned by the War De-
partment, and accepted their appointments, for
such time as they or eithei of them were actually
perfoimmg duty other than that of recruiting for
the icgimcnts. No compensation is to be allowed
beyond the pay and emoluments incident to the
respective rank of the several officers; nor is any
cfatm to be considered or allowed except accom-
panied by the official certificates or orders of the
commanding officer of the regular or volunteer
officers of United States Aimy assigning them"to
such duty.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third leading, read the third time, and
passed.
VILLAGE OF DEPOSIT.
Mr. HARRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 497) m relation to the village of
Deposit, Delaware county, New York, to report
it back and recommend its passage; and as it is
a purely local bill to which there can be no ob-
jection, I desire to have it considered now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides that
the village of Deposit, which is situated partlyin
the county of Delaware and partly in the county
of Broome, in the State of New "Soik, shall, for
all the purposes of thepostal laws and regulations
of the United States, and the publication of the
laws of the United States, and notices and other
publications in pursuance of those laws, be re-
garded as within the county of Delaware.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed,
THOMAS J. GALBRAITH.
On motion of Mi. WILKINSON, the joint
resolution (S. No. G7) for the relief of Thomas J.
Galbraith was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It purposes to direct the properaccount-
ing officers of the Interior and Treasury Depart-
ments to settle and adjust the money and propetty
accounts and claims of Thomas J. Galbraith, as
agent of the United States for the Sioux Indians
of Minnesota, upon principles of equity and jus-
tice; and to allow him,upon such settlement, credit
for all moneys and property actually expended
by him, in good faith, in and about the affairs of
his agency, and for the use of $he Indians, upon
his affidavit or affidavits, duly sworn to, of such
expenditure; and he is to be discharged fiom all
liability for or on account of Indian trust prop-
erty, which, by his affidavit or affidavits, shall
clearly appear to have been destroyed or taken
and carricd away by hostile Indians, or by the
