1370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81,
Now, sir, is the time to do it. And not only
is now the time, but the necessity and the duty
of doing it are upon us. We can have no per-
manent peace nor restored Union until it is done.
Therearexhose who cry "The Union as it was
and the Constitution as it is!" But I am free and
bold t& confess that I am for a Union without sla-
very, and an amended Constitution making it for-
ever impossible. This revolt was to preserve
slavery, and we shall fail of our whole duty if we
do notremove the inciting cause. To restore this
• Union with slavery in it when we have subdued
the rebel armies, would be again to build your
house on its smoking ruins when you had not put
out the fire which burned it down.
If the dire calamities now befalling us be the
" retributions of Providence upon- a stupendous
crime," what mad folly to hug that crime, and
seek to avoid its future punishment! " Let my
people go." But Pharaoh would not let them go;
and then came sufferings, and plagues, and the
smiting of the first-born. Oh ! how many of our
first-horn have been smitten and fallen. Let us
5 be wise and heed the teaching. There is a Prov-
idence in the great events now transpiring. The
people see the hand. It points the way. Thcy^
arc filled with hope and faith. They follow the"
pillar and the cloud, and will struggle and endure.
I know, Mr. President, that the suppression of
the rebellion will necessarily wound and maim sla-
very. I know that every victory over the rebels
ia a victory*Hlso over the cause of the rebellion,
and I know, too, that the arming of the slaves
will make the future enslaving of these men and
their kindred well nigh impossible; but slavery
will still exist, not in much vigor or strength, but
in the root and principle. This amendment will
dig out the root and repudiate the principle.
Mr. President, in a quiet church-yard, near his
home, is the grave of a soldier who returned to
die. At the head of his grave is a marble slab,
and on it these few but expressive words, "Mus-
tered out." Let both Houses of Congress, by a
two-thirds vote, recommend this amend went abol-
ishing slavery, and let three fourths of the States,
burying slavery by their ratification, come and
write its epitaph on the Constitution, "Musttred
out."
The soldier was " mustered out," we trust, to
enlist again in the shining cohorts in advance of
eai th's extreme picket line, but let this be 44 mus-
tered out" to go, like Judas, to its own place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Sher-
man.) The question is on the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to the
amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdiaw that amendment, and
offer this one which I now send to the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky as now mod-
ified will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the a mend-
mcnt, which was to strike out all after the word
"namely, "m line eight of the committee's amend-
ment, and insert:
No negro, or person whose mother or grandmother Is or
wan ft nepro, shall bo a uitixrn of tlx; United Stales, or l>o
eligible to any civil or military oilice, or to any place of
trust or profit under the United'Status.
Mr. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, and taken with the following
result;
YKAH-—Messrs. TJuckalcw, Carlilc, Davis, Powell, Rid-
dle, and Saulsbury—(5.
NAYS---Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Cowan, Dix-
on, Oooliitlc, FepMMiden, Foster, Hale, Iiarlan, Harm,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
MePoutjail, Morgan,Morrill, I'omeioy, itam>cy, Sheiman,
Sumner, Ten JEyuk, Trumbull, Yan Winkle, Wade, and
Wilson—28.
Mr..JOHNSON (when his name was called)
voted " yea;" but before theresultwasannounced
said: lam not sure that I understood the propo-
sition on which I voted in the affirmative.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a propo-
sition to strike out the amendment reported by
the committee, and to insert the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky in heu of it.
Air. JOHNSON. Then I vote "nay." 1
thought it was an independent proposition.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I wish to state that
my colleague [Mr. Willey] has gone away, sup-
posing that no vote would be taken this after-
noon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced the
vote—yeas (j, nays 28; not a quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arros be directed to request the attendance of
.absent Senators.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is perfectly useless,
let me suggest to the Senator, because they are
not obliged to come. It is now after four o'clock,
and I move an adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is use-
less, on the ground that the Senator from Maine
suggests, {.hat they are notobliged to come. Cer-
tainly Senators will not wait to be compelled to
be brought to the Senate when they are notified
that we are without a quorum. I should think
when they were so notified they would attend.
At any rate, we might as well make the effort to
secure their attendance 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. ^ The Senator
from Maine submits a motion to adjourn; it is not
debatable.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I renew it.
M>\ TRUMBULL. The Senator from Michi-
gan has hardly got the floor for that purpose, I
think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will not persist in the
motion iftheieisan indisposition in the Senate to
take measures to secure the presence of a quorum;
but I think we ought to have an understanding
that Senators shall stay here to transact the pub
lie, business. If we be left every day without a
quorum at this hour of the day, I do not know
when we shall be able to get through.
Mr. FESSENDE]NT. The only understanding
wo can have is the understanding that gentlemen
shall stay here until the Senate adjourns, and not
go away and leave us m this condition. We have
no power to compel their attendance, nnd by the
attempt to do so now we should only waste con-
siderable time and then adjourn. I think theonly
remedy is to call the yeas and nays, and let it
appear on the record who are the absentees, who
prevent the business of the Senate from being
done, and then leave it to the sense of gentlemen
at this period of the session whether they will
remain or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to address the Sen-
ate upon the constitutional amendment which is
proposed. It is too late in the day now, and I
am so situated that I shall be unable to do it to-
morrow, because 1 am under an engagement in
the Supreme Court of the United States. I now
move that the Senate adjourn, intending, if the
Senate will permit mc, to address them on Satur-
day, if they sit on Saturday, or on Monday. 1
move now that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 31, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain, Rev. W. li. Ciiannino.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LKAVE OK ABSENCE.
Mr. ELIOT asked leave of absence for Mr.
Deming for ten days after to-morrow.
Leave of absence was granted.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SHANNON. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Indian Affairs
a Senate bill (No. 80) having reference to Indian
affairs in California, for the purpose of having
the same acted on now.
The bill was read for information.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to make any
objection to this bill being acted on now, if an
opportunity is had for obtaining the necessary
information upon which the Housecan act. This
is a Senate bill. I desiie to submit to the gen-
tleman from California some inquiries in lefer-
ence to the system which now prevails in that
State. This bill provides for the organization of
the State of California into a single district for
the purposes of Indian supenntendency. It then
proposes to subdivide the State into four such
sub-superintendencies, and the appointment of a
superintendent for each oneof those reservations;
and fixes the salary of the general superintend-
ent at $3,600 per annum, and that of the sub-
supeiintendents at §1,800 per annum. I desire
to know of the gentleman in what manner that
region of country is now divided for the purpose
of the superintendence of Indian affairs,and the
salaries now paid.
Mr. SHANNON. The State of California is
now divided into two superintendences, and there
are two superintendents in the State. There are
four reservations, and the agents and sub-agents
mentioned in the bill now fill those places at the
salary provided in this bill, $1,800. This bill pro-
poses to consolidate the two superintendences
into one, giving one superintendent the control of
all the Indian affairs of that State, thereby saving
to the Government one salary of (3,60u a year.
Therefore the Government will save that amount
of money; and the reorganization of the whole
system of Indian affairs contemplated by this bill
will save a great many thousand dollars aside
from that. It. proposesto dispense with the pres-
ent reservations and locate them in a different
part of the State, more conducive to the interest
of the Indians as well as to that of the white peo-
ple. Those reservations will sell for more money
than new lands wih cost under the direction of
the Land Office. Asa matteroffact the bill looks
to the interest of the General Government in every-
thing pertaining to Indian affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman tell me
what is the presentnumher of Indians within that
State, and to what extent this measure is recom-
mended by either the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs or by the Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. SHANNON. I cannotinform the gentle-
man what the numberof Indians is. This bill, I
understand, meets the approbation of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, nnd of the California
delegation, who know something about the imper-
fection and absurdity growing out of the Indian
system m California, as well as of a great many
oiher places. We propose a reformation by this
bill, nnd if it becomes a law it will be a reforma-
tion in this Government so far as the saving of
money and the interests of the Indians are con-
corned. I hope there will be no objection.
No objection being made, the bill was reported,
ordered to be read a third time, read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHANNON moved to reconsiderthe vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JULIA A. AMES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to report back from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions a bill (H. R. No. 272)
for the relief of Julia A. Ames, widow of John
E. Ames, late sergeantof the sixth regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, who died of injuries re-
ceived m Baltimore on the 19th of April, 1861.
The bill, which was read for information, di-
rects the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Julia A. Ames, widow of John E. Ames,
upon the pension roll at the rate of eight dollars
per month from April 19, l861stocontinue during
her widowhood.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I would ask the gen-
tleman whether the reason for reporting this bill
is because it is a special case, and because the
sergeant was not mustered in ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. As the
law now is, there is no way to cover this case
except by a special law. This is the only case
of the kind we have acted on.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I have no objection
then to the bill.
No objection being made, the bill was reported
back, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mi*. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote last taken; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO NEW YORK.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 307,tode-
claie certain roads military roads and post roads
and to regulate commerce; on which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio would let that bill go over, and let us go on
