THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
any one guilty of larceny or perjury shall not be
entitled to vote at any election to be held in such
State: could ajudge of elections, in case there had
not been "a conviction, refuse to receive a vote,
assuming that the person offering it had been
guilty of the prohibited offenses? Could he judi-
cially determine guilt in the absence of legal proof,
the record ? If so, that provision of the Constitu-
tion that no man shall be deprived of life, liberty,
or'property—which" include every constitutional
right—without due process of law is a nullity, a
mockery. But the Senator seems to think that
exclusion from office under this act could be en-
forced without^he evidence of conviction, for he
" This law was not drawn so a? to provide that if a man
shall he convicted of treason he shall be disqualified. That
Uitot the expression. It was intended and made for the
occasion. It m that 'every person guilty of either of the
offenses described in this act shall be forevei incapable.'
The man is incapable if he is guilty of the act. A disaf-
fected Stale which would send a traitor hero would not bo
likely to eorivict hun; and if we could not be dis-abut.ed
and freed from persons of that kind to confound our coun-
cils, it is clear that this Constitution and this Government
must go to ruin. Hence this law was dtawn, intentionally
drawn, in that way."
Whether a person supposed to he guilty of the
offenses prohibited in this act could be convicted
in the Slate or district of his residence is not the
material question here. That question is, can
the crime of treason be ascertained so as to affect
the individual with deprivation of right or for-
feiture of estate otherwise than by judicial determ-
ination, by due process of law, which means a
trial by a jury and the judgment of a court of
competent jurisdiction ? It is not reasonable to
suppose that Congress meant that under this act
guilt should be ascertained in a mode unknown
to the law and prohibited by the Constitution.
If they did so intend, their intention cannot be
executed because its execution would be ptohib-
ited by the provisions of the pmamount law. But,
eir, the reason which the honorable Senator of-
fers for what he supposes to have been the action
of Congress and the intention of Congress in this
regard does not exist. If the acts of those en-
gaged in the present revolution amount in law to
treason, then you are not required to try them in
the State or district in which they reside. Hav-
ing- established the existence of a conspiracy by
those engaged in the attempt to establish the
government of the confederate States to subveit
the Government of the United States, and proving
that in the prosecution of that common design,
and ma partoxecution of thatconspiraey, Mary-
land and Pennsylvania wen; invaded and the
battles of Aiitietain and Gettysburg were fought,
you have ascertained as amenable to your laws
and brought within the jurisdiction of the Fed-
eral courts m those Suites more persons than
will ever be executed by virtue of judicial pio-
ceediugs if this so-called rebellion shall last for
twenty years and then be successfully subdued.
But, iVlr.President, 1 deny that it is competent
for Congress to prescribe n disqualification or a
qualification for a Senator, either as a punishment
for crime or otherwise. This position does not
necessarily conflict with any antecedent legisla-
tion of Congress. Admitting, fur the sake of the
argument, that Congress muypiovide that any
one guilty of an offense shall be disqualified from
holding any office under the United States, the
original question n mains, does a Senatoi hold
any such office? That he docs not, I have al-
ready attempted to <diow. But the Senator from
Vermont regards the act to prescribe an additional
oath of office as designed simply toaid in the exe-
cution of the act to punish treason, to which he re-
feis. It is the latter, not the formei, which cre-
ates tin1 disability or prescribes the qualification.
This is not admitted, for the icason that a per-
son claiming membership m this body might be
wholly innocent of every off use named m the
act to punish treason, and mijiht conscientiously
swear tiiat he had not offended against its pro-
visions, and yet be disqualified under the net to
ptescribc an additional oath of office. The lan-
guage of the act prescribing a punishment for
treason is " that every person who shall heieafter
commit," &c.j that is, after the passjge of the
act. It is wholly piospeetive m character. The
act to prescribe an additional oath of office, and
for othi i pui post s, r< qun es a Senatoi, before he
shall enter upon the duties of his office, to swear
or afHrm that he has never, not that he has not
sines the passage of the aef fo punish treason,
done or committed any of the acts mentioned in I
the prescribed oath, and some of which are other
and different ones from those mentioned in the
former act, and that he will not in future commit
any of such acts. The act prescribing an oath
is retroactive as well as prospective in character.
It is therefore a substantive disqualifying act. But,
sir, the whole basis of the Senator's aigument is
swept away by the simple fact that the act to pun-
ish treason was subsequent in date to the act to
prescribe an additional oath of office.
But, sir, had Congress the authority to prescribe
an additional qualification for office or for a Sena-
tor, it would not follow that the act under discus-
sion would be a constitutional exercise of that
authority. This act would nevertheless be un-
constitutional and void, not perhaps technically as
an ex post facto law, but as opposed to the same
spirit of liberty which prohibits the enactment of
such laws, and as repugnant to the genius of free
government. The object of the act is the punish-
ment of the individual by denial or deprivation of
office or trust to which he would otherwise be en-
titled. To provide a punishment for an antece-
dent act is against the spirit of liberty, and is of
the essence of tyranny. The attempt to exercise
such a power has in former times convulsed even
monarchical and despotic Governments, and is now
universally conceded not to be within the com-
petency even of the omnipotence of the English
Parliament. What is the act in questionJ It pro-
vides that before a Senator shall enter upon his
duties as such, he shall swear or affirm that he has
never voluntarily borne—not that he will not in the
future voluntarily bear—arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States; that he has voluntarily
given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment—not tha.the will not in future do so—to per-
sons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that he
has neither sought nor accepted nor attempted to
execute—not that he will not in future do so—the
functionsof any office whatever of any authonty
or pretended authority in hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United Slates; and that he has not
yielded—not that he will not yield—a voluntary
support to any protended government,authority,
power, or constitution hostileor inimical thereto.
Such a law is contrary to the essential princi-
ples of personal libetty and against the genius of
all free government, and therefore void in every
such government whether expressly piolubited or
not.
" There can he no individual hhei ty (vus Lii'ber) whoie
every euizon i-^ not subject to the law, and wheio he is
buhjeet to anight ehe than the law, that i«, public opinion
organically pa-sod into public will. Tin-we call tin; sii-
pieinacy of the law. All > uUjcotivo aibitiauuess i^ con
traiy to fiecdoni. The line 01 a freeman is a geueial inle
of action having gnnvn out ol the en turn of the people, or
having been hud down by the auilsnniyeiupowercd | v the
people to do A law must 1>" a i nle which does not vio-
late a supenor law 01 civil puitoiple. 11 mu-il he madc be-
foteihe ca<u> to "•Inch tt, tt applied ha* occimcd, without
which it cannot be incus saw «//<v/u,a 5 the ancient-- called
the law, and if inu-i be truly a  well as plainly published."
I am nwai e thai the courts of law, governed by
technical rules, have defined er pott ficln laws to
be those whieh*rcmler an act punishable in a
manner in which it was not punishable when it
was committed. And admitting this definition to
be technically due, yet 1 contend that the reason
j wiiy the enaetmentof such laws is prohibited np-
| pliej wuli equal if not greater force a;;atnst the
I propuety and obligatory ehauicter of legislative
enactment* Mich as th.it now under < onfuderation.
It is unjust and therefore illegal to visit upon the
person eommittinsf an offense a punishment not
prescribed, or a gieater one than that prescnbed
at the lime of the commission of the offense. An
act prescribing such a punishment would be ex
^ post facto. The object of such an act is the m-
! diction of punishment positively, or the depma-
t lon of i ight. The object of the act of July, ltfG2,
is the same—ihe punishment ofa Senator lefucsinir
to subnut to its requu ements by depmution of
office or trust; not for any act done oi attt mpted
for which there was a prescribed punishment,
but what is worse, because of an assumption of
guilt on iiis pai t by others, which iilegul assump-
tion he declines to meethy an oath of self-purga-
tion. If judicial determination of the correctness
of the piinciples I have asseiteJ weie required H
could be easily furnished. The decisions in many
of the Stales in klation to the unconstitutionality
of acts requiring an oath as a qualification for
office, that persona have not been engaged in du-
eling-, are directly in point, and in discussion in
another forum would be produced as authority.
The clear and unanswerable reasoning in many
of these cases cannot fail to convince any one that
all acts, whether of the State Legislatures or the
Federal Congress, of the character of that under
consideration, are repugnant to the genius of free
institutions and unwarranted by the supreme law
of the land.
Article six of the Constitution declares that
{' The Senators and Representatives before mentioned, and
the members of the several State Legislatu res, and al I execu-
tive and judicial officers, both ofthe United States and of the
several States, shall be bound by oath or animation, to >up-
port tills Constitution; but no religious test shall ever be re-
quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under
the United States."
This section prescribes the substance of the oath,
declares in what it shall consist—the support of
the Constitution of the United States. Had this
section been omitted, there would have been no
authority for administering any oath to a Senator.
Having the three constitutional qualifications be-
fore mentioned, he would have been entitled to
enter upon the discharge of his duties without
taking any oath whatever. If this be so, then I
insist that the only oath that can be required to be
taken is such as is mentioned, namely, to support
the Constitution of the United States. That this
is so, a moment's reflection will suffice to show.
Is there any authority to require that the members
of the Legislatures of the several States shall take
any other oath than or any additional oath to that
prescribed in this section? Why not? Because
the only authority by which they can be required
to take an oath arises from this section. The au-
thority to require Senators in Congress to take
an oath is the same. Iftheextentof thatauthority
is limited as to members of the State Legislatures
in this section, it is likewise limited as to the mem-
bers of Congress. Ifnot,theextension of author-
ity in reference to the latter must be shown, not
assumed. It is asserted, however, by some that
Congress may prescribe an additional oath to Sen-
ators, because the lust clause of the section re-
feri ed to says " But no religious test shall ever be
required as a qualification to any office or public
trust under the United States." Does the prohi-
bition upon Congress againstrequiringareligious
test confer upon them a substantive power to re-
quire any other test? If so, that test may be of
any chaiactcr not prohibited, if the prohibition
upon requiiing one particulai kind of oath to be
taken confers power to require the taking ofothers,
then any other kind of oath than that prohibited
may be required,because the right arising from im-
plication there can be found no express limitation
upon its exercise. The only authority, then, to
require such additional oaths to be taken is a lim-
itless implication arising from a positive prohi-
bition. Let us test the correctness of this view
ofthe question. If the prohibition against requir-
ing a religious test, which means an oath in re-
spect to religious belief, confers authoiity to re-
quire any other oath to be taken, then a political,
scientific, physical, or partisan test may be re-
quired. The statement of the absurdity and dan-
ger to which the argument necessarily leads is con-
clusive .(gainst the correctness ofthe premises upon
which it is founded. To enable Congress practi-
cally to execute the powers conferred upon them,
the creation of many offices not named, and the
qualifications for which were not prescribed in the
Constitution, mightbeeome necessary. In respect
to the persons who should cxeicise the duties of
such offices Congress undoubtedly would have
authority to piescribu qualifications. The framers
of the Constitution, taught by the history of other
nations the abuses and danger resulting from a
religious test as a qualification for office, express-
ly piovided that no such qualification should be
u-quired m respect to any office or trust under the
Government ofthe United States. Thus we see
the reason for the prohibition underconsideuitiotv,
and how it can have practical application without
admitting that from it arises all the dangerous im-
plications contended for by the advocates of the
measure now before the Senate.
Mr. President, while reflecting upon the dan-
gerous innovations which characterize the execu-
tive and legislative policy ofthe pieseiit times, I of-
ten turn with a melancholy inter est to the opinions
expressed' by the gieat and wise men who estab-
lished our Fedeia! system ofgovernment, and con-
template how little of the future it is allowed even
the wisest men to know. In the twenty-eighth
number of the Federalist, Mr. Hamilton, urging
