2848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
line five of said section after the word " said" insert the
word " first."
That the Senate recede from its second amendment to the
said bill, and that the Senate recede from its third amend-
ment to the said bill.
M. S. WILKINSON,
LOT M. MORRILL,
CHAS. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
E. II. WEBSTER,
W. S. HOLMAN,
Managers o n the part of the House.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know the
nature of that substitute for our amendment, if
the Senator from Maine will be good enough to
state it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state in a word that
the effect of the amendment of the committee of
conference is to authorize the temporary organ-
ization of the government of Montana by that
class of persons that weie authorized to organize
the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. SUMNER. What class of persons was
that?
Mr. MORRILL. They were, as I recollect
the qualification, white citizens of the United
States, and such others as had declared their in-
tention to become citizens. As it now stands,
the qualification in Montana will be that the voters
at the first election will bo citizens of the United
States, and such as have declared their intention
to be citizens of the United States, and such as
are qualified by the fifth section of the act organ-
izing the Territory of Idaho.
Mr.SUMNER. That is, free white persons, I
understand.
Mr. MORRILL. That is what itcomes to. I
will read the section of the act in relation to Idaho,
and then the Senator will judge for himself:
" Every frep white male inhabitant above the aco of twenty-
one yeais, who shall be au actual lesident of said Tem-
tory at tile turn; of the parage of ihn act, shall he entitled
to vote at the iirnt election, and Mi.tll be eligible to any of-
fice within the said Teriiiory; but the qualifications of
voters and of holding office, at all subsequent elections,
shall be such as shall be presenhed l)> tin; Legislative As-
sembly."
The Senator; will remember, perhaps, that the
difference betwen the two Houses was this:* the
House of Representatives allowed all fire white
male inhabitants, who had been resident in the
Territory perhaps ninety days, to vote in the or-
ganization of the Teiritory; by the Senate amend-
ment it was restricted to citizens of tiie United
States—a restriction in that sense, but an enlarge-
ment on the question of color, allowing any citi-
zens, whether colored or not. That,was thedis-
agreeincnt; and upon that question both parties
receded and agreed upon a new proposition, as I
have stated.
Mr. SUMNER. Is not the new proposition
almost identical with the original House propo-
sition on the question of color?
Mr. MORRILL. On the question of the ex-
clusion of colored men it is identical. It does
exclude colored men.
Mr. SUMNER, I understand that the point
of difference between the two Houses was simply
as to the wo id " white" or " black."
Mr. MORRILL. That was the pi ineipal ques-
tion, and on that point I desire to say piecisely
how the committee found the question. It will
be seen thai the whole piovision for the quahfi
ration relates to the tempoiaiy organization of
the Territory. When it is temporarily oiganized,
which is to be at once, m the contemplation of
the bill, as the necessities of the times demand
u, the whole question of sufhagc in left to the
Teiutoiy; so that the question of suffrage as pre-
sented to us applies cntuely to the tenipoiary or-
ganization of the Tenitoiv; and the committee
became satisfied that the qin-Mion presented was
this practical question, whether it waa ud\i.snhle
to otgamze the Tenitoryat tin-1 present tune. H
it were necessary to oiganize it, we became satis-
fied that this difference between the two Houses
must be overcome m some such way as this; and
the committee, believing there was no practical
impoitcince in the Senate amendment, as there
was believed to be no colored person in the Tei-
ritory, and probably would not he any coloied
persons actually resident in the Territory who,
by any possibility, could voto on this occasion,
did nor see that it was woi th while to make a ques-
tion on what the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts perhaps might leirard as a principle,
when, by no possibility, could it affect the ques-
tion practically. For these reasons the committee
agreed substantially on the bill as it passed the
House of Representatives. One other amend-
ment was as to the time of holding the first ses-
sion of the Legislature, that it should not exceed
ninety days; and the remaining one was imma-
terial. *■
Mr. SUMNER. Then the proposition, as I
understand it, is that the Senate shall abandon its
position. Why so? Because the House of Rep-
resentatives will not abandon its position.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir, the Senator will
allow me; because there did not seem to be any
practical sense in adhering to it; because to ad-
here to it defeated the bill; because to adhere to
it accomplished no earthly purpose; gave nobody
any right.
Mr. SUMNER. For the other House to ad-
here on the other side defeated the bill also.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes.
Mr. SUMNER. And the question is which
shall adhere, the side that is right or the side that
is wrong?
Mr. MORRILL. And that is the question the
committee submit to the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will adhere
to its original position, and I believe that the state-
ment of that principle at this moment is more im-
portant than the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I wiilasktheSenator whether
there is not such a principle as this in legislation
and parliamentary law: where two branches
equally desiring to accomplish an object,and the
object is considered to be a good one, find them-
selves at loggerheads, and one branch is the in-
novating party, as the Senate was in this case,
making the amendment, and one party or the other
must rcccde, as a matter of parliamentary law or
comity is it not the duty of the party proposing
the amendment to recede rather than have the bill
fail? The Senate committee found itself in that at-
titude. The House of Representatives had pro-
posed in this case precisely what the Congress of
the United States sanctioned last year in the or-
ganization of the very Territory a portion of
which we now propose to call Montana. The
IIou.se arid Senate met in conference, the House
said, "We have done piecisely in this bill what
you gave your assent to last year; the bill fails
unless you consent to do now what you conceded
by your action last year to be proper then, and
there is no change of circumstanccs which au-
thorizes the Senate to change its ground." In
that view of the case, and, the Senator will allow
me to say, believing that it affected no man's
rights whatever, that if we agreed to this it would
not affect the risjit of any coloied man in that
Tenitoi y, it ceased, m the judgment of the com-
mittee, to be a piactical question; and therefore,
in view of the principle I have already stated, that
the party proposing what was impracticable was
in duty bound to show it to be practicable or to
back down, it seemed to the committee, on the
whole, better to advise the Senate that it is no
longer practicable; so, sacrificing no principle, we
advise the Senate to recede and agree with the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 shall vote against the report
of the committee, chiefly, however, because I do
not think there is a pressing necessity for the or-
ganization of another Territory in that pait of
our domain. The population is not large, em-
bracing the whole Territory of Idaho as nowoi-
ganized. I do not, therefore, think theic is a
sufficient necessity for the passage of the bill to
justify Senatois m departing fiom what they may
regard as A principle. For myself I take this view
of that subject: if the lull should become a law
as it left the Senate, it could not be consistently
constiued into a vote in favor of negro suffrage.
The bill as it left the Senate declares that all male
citizens of the United States over the age of twen-
ty-ono yeats shall be entitled to the right to vote.
The Supreme Court has declared that persons of
African descent, the descendants of slaves, are not
citizens of the United States in such a sense as to
be able to bring a suit in a court of the United
States. I admit very frankly that I do not think
the decision of the Supreme Court in that case
was right; but it nevertheless was a decision of
the Supreme Court of the Ujiited States; hence,
if the bill should become a law with the phrase-
ology that it contained when it left the Senate,
those who voted for it could not be considered to
have voted in favor of negro suffrage. I do not
then think that voting for or against the report of
this committee can be considered as a vote that
would affect that principle one way or the other;
and as I do not think there is a pressing necessity
for the organization of a new Territory to be
called Montana, I shall vote against the report
of the committee, with the expectation that if a
majority of the Senate shall so vote the bill will
fail, and the whole subject go over until the next
session of Congress.
Mr. CONNESSand Mr. SUMNER called for
the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I was on the committee thatre-
ported this bill for the erection of two Territories
out of that portion of the country now called
Idaho, and I thought of course that it was some-
what important that it should be done at this ses-
sion. There is great inconvenience in the Ter-
ritory, as it now stands, in transacting business
throughout the whole bf it. I suppose it is known
to the Senate that that Territory is divided by an
almost impassable mountain. It does not divide
it exactly m the middle, but sufficiently so to show
that a very large Territory can be erected on each
side; and the population is divided into nearly
equal parts by that natural barrier, there being
about as many on one side as on the other. The
bill was presented here with the old form that had
grown into a custom in the days of negrophobia,
when it prevailed to the highest extent here, and
the word "white" was inserted everywhere
wherever there was any chance to insert it, in
order to discriminate between white and black.
I was always opposed in principle to that, and I
do not propose now to depart from my principle.
I have no concealments to make on this subject
or upon any other. I am opposed to this dis-
cumination between white and black in voting. I
do not think itfoimsan intelligible line of demark-
ation. Some black men are infinitely more Ca-
pable of voting intelligently than a great many
whites, and vice, versa. The color of a man,
whether black or white, is no criterion, and I will
never consent to make it a ciiterion of voting. I
think that in a republican form of government like
ouis a man has a right to vote, an inalienable right
to vote; although I know that that principle is
combated here by some. I believe that the right
to participate in the Government under which we
live is as sacred and as much a natural right as
any other; and i believe that no other rights that
belong to man can long be maintained when he is
deprived of this; and therefore, sir, I go right
stiaight to the work when there is any occasion
for it,and I should have said nothing now on this
subject only that the vote 1 intend to give here
might be construed to be a vote by me against the
principle that I have now avowed.
I never legislate or act in reference to mere
shadows. Gentlemen may call them principle or
not principle. I look to the effect of a moasmo
when my vote is required. I cannot be bluffed
off by the mere form or shadow of a thing. What
is this? When I agreed to the original bill it had
the word " white" m it, and I so reported it. I
did not like it; but when I came to consider that
it was the mere shadow of a shade, that it would
not affect the i ights of anybody, I did notcare to
make a controversy over it. 1 did notcaieto
compel gentlemen to vote upon that question when
I saw difficulties in the way. I had much rather
it had passed there, and I did not care which, be-
cause the effect of it would bo just nothing at all.
There are no negroes in the Territory. It is not
pretended that there is a black man in this whole
Territory. Why then should we detain the Sen-
ate here in fixmgaprinciplethat can have no ap-
plication whatever? It is a bare abstraction as it
stands, I do not care in what form of words it is;
but I give gentlemen notice whenever this ques-
tion shall be raised in such sort as to affect the
lights of any men, I shall take the broad princi-
ple of right and stand by it as firmly as anybody
else. But when the principle is invoked in a case
where it can have no effect, I am not going to be
biased by it; noram I going to be prevented from
effecting a good purpose because 1 am told that 1
violate the ghost of some principle.
I think it is right that the Territory should be
organized. 1 believe it will be for the welfare of
the people theie to organize it now. If I did not
think so I should not have agreed to the report of
the onginul bill. That being fixed in my mind,
