THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
miles, $2 55; New Haven and Hartford to Mer-
iden,94 miles,$2 34; New Haven antlNewLon-
don to Guilford, 94 miles, $2 35. All the routes
save one fcre longer than the Camden and Amboy,
and some of them charge but a little more than
half as much. The road from Harlem to Albany
.is one hundred and fifty-four miles long and
charges just three dollars, while this New Jersey
.monopoly charges the same for ninety miles.
They have violated all the common laws of whole-
sale and retail trade. It is generally understood
that if I buy a pound of coffee it costs me more
pro rata than if l buy a thousand pounds. But if
you travel one mile in New Jersey you are charged
less per mile than if you travel ninety miles. The
local rates within the limits of the State are not
half so great as the through rates from New York
to Philadelphia or from Philadelphia to New
York. It is by this kind of outrageous violation
of all the laws of trade that New Jersey has made
her money out of this country.
Now what does this monopoly ask that this
new road which has opened its route and has been
transporting United States troops shall do? Here
is the prayer they made before the chancellor of
New Jersey:
" My first point was that the road had been used; by
their own admission, for the transportation of soldiers ami
munitions of war; the tact that they allege as an ample
and sufficient excuse is that this was done by order of the
Secretary of War. I insist that, no matter by whose order
Jtwasdone,itwas a transportation of passenger and freight
by railway across the State and between the cities in every
sense of the words." * * * * u I*y which
New Jersey is robbed of her tax of ten cents on each pas-
senger." * * * * u I say it is no detente
whatever if they have succeeded in obtaining an order of
the Seere^ry of War when vvc call uyon them to give us
the money they made by it; and that is one of our call*.
They have no right to gut an order to deprive the fchate of
New Jersey of the light of tiaiiait duty, which is her adopted
policy."
In other words, this gigantic monopoly that
reachos into the heart of Pennsylvania and other
Slates and draws its life-blood from them de-
mands that this new road which has served the
Government in the transportation of troops and
munitions of war should pay over to this monop-
oly what it has received ftom the Government
for those services.
What answer did the chancellor of New Jersey
make to that demand of the monopoly? I have
liis answer here. He decided, in the first place,
that the Raritan road was a legal structure from
Camden to Poi t Monmouth—from the western to
the eastern line of the State. In the next place,
he decided that no passengers or freight could
he taken over that, route from Philadelphia to
New York. What kind of a decision is that? Is
not New Jersey thus legislating for New York
and Philadelphia? New Jersey says that a man
may go by this route from one border of the State
to the other, but he cannot go beyond her bor-
der. Did any one ever hear of such a decision?
. The road is a legal one, but no man can pass over
it and go outside of the State because he will not
pay the State the revenue which she derives from
her established arrangements! That is the de-
cision of New Jersey; and if it is not legislation
for New York and Pennsylvania, there can be no
such thing as inteiference with the legislation of
other States. Under thechancellor'sdecision, the
Raritan company has been compelled to instruct
its agents to sell no tickets to any one unless they
know of then* own knowledge that the patty pur-
chasing is not going through the State. The re-
sult is to destroy at least one third of the local
business; but the company is compelled to do it
to save itself from further injunction.
I ask again, what rights have we. on this sub-
ject? Why does this matter come here? Be-
cause, m obeying the orders of the Secretary of
War in transporting troops and munitions of war,
this road has been wronged; and it comes to the
Congtesa of the nation for redress. The Mili-
tary Committee has lecommcnded that it shall
have redress. I believe no gentleman here will
deny that Congress has ample power to establish
military roads, to establish post roads, to protect
and preserve the Government,and feed its armies.
But there is another power wliich should not be !
overlooked. I mean the power to regulate com-
merce between the States. That power has been
deelaied over and over again by the courts tore-
side exclusively in the Congress of the United
States and not in the Legislature of any State,
it was so decided in Gibson vs. Ogdcn,9 VVheat-
on, and in the Passenger cases, 7 Howard, and
in the Wheeling bridge case, Iy Howard. It is
a decision which has been so frequently made
that no gentleman of any legal learning will risk
hi& reputation by a denial of it.
But, Mr. Speaker, we have something more
than the mere statement of the right. We have
the admission of the State of New Jersey that
Congress has this right; and if any person orany
power on earth comes in to deny it, New Jersey
is the power that has no right to make that denial.
I call yourattention for a moment to a law of New
Jersey passed February 4, 1831. In the sixth
section of that act she says:
" Sec. 6. Be it enacted, That when any other railroad or
roads for the transportation of passengers and property be-
tween New York and Philadelphia across this State shall
be constructed and used for that purpose under or by virtue
of any law of this State or the United States authorizing
or recognizing said road, that then and in that case the said
dividends shall be no longer payable to the State, and the
said stock shal I be retranslerred to the company by the treas-
uicr of this State."
This law required the acceptance*of the com-
pany to make it valid, and the company did ac-
cept it. A solemn compact—New Jersey is ad-
dicted to the use of that word—was thus made
between New Jersey and the company, that when
Congress shall see fit to authorize and establish
a road, or to recognize one already established,
the Camden and Amboy Company shall lose its
special monopoly piivileges. There the parties
not only admitthe possibility that Congress may
do it, but they engage in a solemn compact in
\frhich that very action of Congress is a condition.
And that, sir, is the thing I desire Congress now
to do. When Congress uses that power the mo-
nopoly will be dead forever.
Not only so. New Jersey took another step
in the same direction in 1854. She extended the
monopoly charter ten years. The law by which
it is extended is prefaced by the most extraor-
dinary preamble I have ever seen. It is instructive:
u Whereas the Legislature of New Jersey has granted
to the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company special and
exclusive piivilfgc-., in consideration of," &<\, Sec.
* * * ''And wheteas the extinguishment of these
piivileges is a matter of great public importance: Tliere-
loie,
" Be it cnttctcd" See.
Mai k Unit! The extinguishment of these privi-
leges is a mark of public improvement; therefore
ide extend Litis monopoly for ten years! 1 do not
very much admire the logic of tins law, but I do
admire the preamble exceedingly. It acknowl-
edges by tiie voice of New Jeisey that it is a
matter of public concern that this exclusive privi-
lege shall be extinguished.
I hope Congress will listen to this desire of New
Jersey, and help her out of the difficulty by the
extinguishment of these special privileges.
My time is nearly exhausted, but I musthnsten
to another matter. Since this bill has been before
us, and since I last had the honor to address the
House, we have heard from the Govcrnorand the
Legislature of New Jersey m regard to this bill.
I ask the indulgence of the House while 1 read
some portions of the proclamation of his Excel-
lency the Governor of New Jersey:
" In the consideration of this question two inquiries nat-
urally au-c : Fn-t, would (he purposed actum oi Congress,
it consummated, affect the pecuniary intetovts of tins State?
Secondly, and c/ucjlv,would such action infinite upon the
sovereignty ot the Mate?" v * * x *
" It is for you to iiHjuiie whether the proponed action of
Congress would affect the inteieM of the State in the stock,
dividends, or tian-'it duties dciived fioin said companies.
v£ JtJut the pecuniary mleie.-t of itjo Sinte of little im-
portance in companion with Ihe principle involved, and I
theietoie direct \our attention paitieul.u!y to the second
inquiry, beiore mentioned. New Jersey h a "sovereign State,
and if is our duty, by every lawful mean-, lo protect and
defend her soveiei<mt\, and to muismit unimpaired topos-
tenty all her lights as they were iceeived by hei Irom our
father*-, in the e.\cieisc of her rightful powei*  she may
build, maintain, and manage lines of public travel witlun
her teintoiy, and she may grant to others the right to eon-
ti.ict works under such icgulauous and upon such condi-
tions as r-he may (it to n po--c. When the States en-
tered into the national compact they yielded to the Geneml
Government the right to establish po. t loads tor the con-
veyance of mails, and power to coil-u uet imhtaiy roads in
time of war, for the purpose of transposition of tioop-j;
but even these roads must be opeiated by the Government,
and not tlnough the agency or tor the benefit ot pnvate coi-
poiauons. A iaw of Congress to e\eced the power-^gt anted
by the States infringes upon the received ru'iih-, and de-
tracts fiom the State Legislatures a poition of their right-
ful authority."
"Let it be distrnetlyundei-tood b\ tho«.e ulm would in-
flict an indignity upon our State, that while New Jersey
will comply with every legal obligation and will respect and
protect the rights of all, she will not permit any infringe-
ment of her rights without resoiting to cvoty lawful means
to prevent it. JOEL PARKER."
Mr. Speaker, this lifts our subject above cor-
porations and monopolies to the full height of a
national question; I might almost call it a ques-
tion of loyalty or disloyalty. I have^only to say
in regard to the language of this proclamation that
if his Excellency had consulted Calhoun and his
resolutions of 1833 he would have its doctrines
stated much move ably and-elegantly. He calls
upon the Legislature of New Jersey to inquire
whether this bill will take away avny of the reve-
nue of the State, and how it will affect the sov-
ereign rights of New Jersey. He says New Jersey
is a sovereign State. I pause there for a moment.
Mr. Coleridge somewhere says that abstract defi-
nitions have done more harm in the world than
plague and famine and war. 1 believe it. I believe
that no man will ever be able to chronicle all the
evils that have resulted to this nation from the abuse
of the words 45 sovereign" and "sovereignty."
What is this thing called " State-sovereignty?"
Nothing more false was ever uttered in the halls
of legislation than that any State of this Union is
sovereign. Consult the elementary text-books of
law and refresh your recollection of the definition
of "sovereignty." Speaking of the sovereignty
of nations, Blackstone says:
"However they began, by what light soever they sub-
sist, there is and must be in all of them a supreme, iriesist-
ible, absolute, uncontrolled authority in which the jura
summi impeiii or rights of soveieignty reside."
Do these elements belong to any State of this
Republic? Sovereignty has the right to declare
war. Can New Jersey declare war? It has the
right to conclude peace. Can New Jersey con-
clude peace? Sovereignty has the right to coin
money. If the Legislature of New Jersey should
authorize and command one of its citizens to coin
a half dollar, that man if he made it, though it
should be of solid silver, would be locked up in
a felon's cell for the ciime of counterfeiting the
coin of the real sovereign. A sovereign has the
right to make treaties with foreign nations. Has
New Jersey the right to make treaties? Sover-
eignty is clothed with the right to regulate com-
merce with foreign States. New Jersey has no
such right. Sovereignty has the right to put
ships in commission upon the high seas. Should
a ship set sail under the authority of New Jersey
it would be seized as a smuggler, forfeited, and
sold. Sovereignty has a flag. But, thank God,
New Jersey has no flag; Ohio has no flag. No
! loyal State fights under the "lone star," the
" rattlesnake," or the "palmetto tree." No loyal
State of this Union has any flag but " the banner
of beauty and glory," the flag of the Union.
These are the indispensable elements of sover-
eignty. New Jersey has not one of them. The
term cannot be applied to the separate States
only in a very limited and restricted sense, re-
ferring mainly to municipal and police regula-
tions. The rights of the States should be jeal-
ously guarded and defended. But to chum that
sovereignty in its full sense and meaning belongs
to the States, is nothing better than rankest trea-
. son. Look again at this document of the Gov-
ernor of New Jersey. He tells you that the
States entered into the " national compactNa-
tional compact! I had supposed that no Gov-
ernor of a loyal State would parade this dogma
of nullification and secession which was killed
and buried by Webster on the 16th of February,
1S33. There was no such thing as a sovereign
State making a compact callcd~ a constitution.
The very language of the Constitution is decisive:
" We, the people of the United States, do oidain
. and establish this Constitution." The States did
| not make a compact to be broken when any one
pleased, but the people ordained and established
the Constitution ot a sovereign Republic; and woe
be to any corporation or State that raises its hand
against the majesty and power of this great na-
tion.
This proclamation closes with a determination
to resist this legislation of Congress. This itself
i is another reason why I ask this Congress to ex-
i ercise its right to rebuke this resui reeled spirit of
i nullification. Thegentlemnn from Pennsylvania
; [Mr. Broomall] tells us that New Jersey is a
; loyal State, and her citizens aie in the Army. I
, am proud of all the citizens of New Jersey who
i are fighting in our Army. They are not fighting
