1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1373
for New Jersey, but for the Union, and when it
is once restored 1 do not believe those men will
fight for the Camden and Amboy monopoly.
Their hearts have been enlarged, and thei'e are
patriotic men of New Jersey in the Army and at
home who are groaning under this tyrannical mo-
nopoly, and they come up here and ask usto strike
off the shackles that bind them, and I hold it to
be the high right and duty of this body to strike
off their fetters, and let thpm go free.
Congress has done this before. They did it in
the case of the Wheeling bridge across the Ohio.
There is a still stronger case. A corporation
spanned the Ohio river at Steubenviile under a
charter granted by the State of Virginia, but with
conditions appended which-could not bo fulfilled.
The corporation came to Congress and asked that
the bridge might be declared a legal structure and
part of a post road. By solemn law Congress de-
termined and declared it to be a post road-, and
no law of the State of Virginia or of the State of
Ohio to the contrary should interfere with it. (See
twelfth volume United States Statutes at Laige.)
We have used this power of interfering hith-
erto, but we have never before been called upon
to exercise it in any case so deserving as that
which gave rise to this bill.
Mr. PENDLETON obtained the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. As the gentleman from Ohio
cannot make his renuuks before the moi ning hour
expires, I suggest that we go into Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. PENDLETON". I yield to the gentleman
to make that motion.
COLONELS COMMANDING BRIGADES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting a n'poi t of ihe number and names of colonels
m the United States A i my commanding brigades
and the length of time such colonels seveially
have been so commanding; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to he punted.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now move that the rules
bo suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rollins,
of New Hampshire, m the chair,) and resumed
the considciation, as a special order, of the bill
(II. R. No. 333)-to provide a national euuency
secured by a pledge of United States stocks,
and to provide for the cncuiation and redemption
thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the committee i
had under consideration when last in session the 1
thirtieth section of the lull, and that the pending
question, when {he committee rose hist evening, 1
was on the amendment offered by Mi. Deamax 1
to strike out the following clause:
Am] in ease a taeater cite ol intei'M than m'V'Mi pe > cent,
per annum ha> been paid the pi'honur pewnt- p m inn lie
><um\ ot their tcpttat tve-, j11.tv iec-o\ cj back, in an
action of debt, t\\ iec the mnniiiii of (In- -f thn- paid
ftom the a-Mieiaiion taknti; oi ireoivniL' the '•aim-: Pio-
vutcd, That '-aid actum i-. eonuneueed "within two \ear.-
fiom the time the u-uuou- tranr-aciion oeeuned.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to stnke out the
whole of the thirtieth section as n now stands
amended,and to nisei tin lieu thereof'the following:
fnc. .'!•) *d)hl he it iaithcrcnuLted, That e\ ety a—ociauon
may take, u-reive, ic-cn <>, add eha'iro < n an\ loan oi di --
count made, oi upon any note. !>ii! 'it nature, oj oihet
rvidenee oj debt. nit' it'-t at a iat" not e\eei di'tjr «<*ven por
i cut. pei mil hiii j and -uch mien -? ina\ be taJaii in ad-
V'ailx lei.ivOttmir the d,t\ - toi whieilthe rote. bill, or ol lier
evidence o' <!  !)! La- to i mi And the knou niL'iy taking,
lcc i \ iHi'. tcm i viioi eliai i:ie^ .t i :ite o£ leteie.-'t <_'ov.tei
than ('if aior es.;tu! -hall lie held and adjudged u joji'-ituie
oi Hie citiin' nil! .e-t \\ lin-n i he note. lull, oi other evidence
of debt came- uiJi it, oi u men ha-< !>'" u agreed m be paid
tiiee'on And in <. a-e a peat* i tale of iut< r< at ha- bi.cn
pud, tie pei-(i,i oi p.':-on- pawnir the bame, or then lejr-U
i<:pie-en;.i!ive<, ni'i\ iceover hack, in an action ot debt,
tu ice tno amount oi the nitere -t thn- p ud. nom the a>-o- ■
entioii takim: oi !ecn\ma the - nne . proi h!i.i!. That -aid ,
action ;s eomin'Mieed within two y u> - tiom the time the 1
u-unou- tnui-.u nou oeclined l -ii the puicha-e, di-eount, 1
oi -alu o: a b.tnajhle bill ot e\iJ>dn£je. p:t\ able at ^nothei place ,
Ulan !iic pi.lee o* Me h puuhu-e, d^couut. or sale, at not .
moi,; than anient cues o: e\chan^e iu: >!^ht drafts, in ad- J
Union to ihe inteie.-i, -diili not be considered as taking oi ,
O'eon.n,' at'ieate] rate of interest. '
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order. I
undirstand the substitute offered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to be in the exact language of
the original section of the bill which the House
has amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The language of the substitute is
different.
Mr. HOLMAN. I understood it to be ex-
actly the same.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to say^ that there is
a wide difference between the section as it now
stands and the substitute which I offer. The sec-
tion as originally reported made the rate of inter-
est absolute at seven per cent. The amendment
now offered so modifies it as to allow the banks
to take a less interest than seven per cent., but not
a larger, so that if they choose to conform to the
State banks and take below seven per cent., they
arc allowed to do so. There are also some other
changes to bills drawn on sight.
The section as it now stands as amended by the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Rhine] conforms
the rate of interest in each State to the rate fixed
by the State law. In Maine it is six percent.;
m Iowa, I believe, it is ten; m Illinois it is ten; I
do not know what it is in California; I am told
they get two per cent, a month, or perhaps ten
per cent, a month.
Mr. COLE, of California. Formerly it used
to l)e ten per cent, a month, now it is two per cent,
a month.
Mr. STEVENS. Then they have greatly im-
proved. Tins bill does not prevent individuals
or private banks from loaning money at any ra'te
they can get, but it designs to cut off from the
national system the privilege to take more than
seven per cent. Six per cent, is the legal rate in
Pennsylvania; se\en per cent, in New York.
This amendment proposes to icduce them to the
same iate, so as to produce congruity; that is to
say, they may take seven per cent., but notabove
that; and if they choose to conform to the State
law and take six per cent., nobody will object,
and theconstituents of the gentleman from Maine
who do not choose to give seven per cent, will go
to the banks that loan at six per cent.'and get
their money theie. There is no part of this law
which compels men to deal with these institu-
tions; but when they do deal with them they arc
to deal upon uniform pnnciples. Jt was first
amended on the motion of the gentleman from
Mame, [Mr. Hlain*e.] That left it open. Then it
was amended by the more proper amendment of
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] which
provided for in/licting penalties upon any person
that loaned money at a rate above six percent.
I am not awaie whether that satisfied the gentle-
man who has raised this difficulty by enlarging
the rati, or not.
As the bill, now stands, you can loan it at six
p< r cent., but nothing moic; f<u when you go be-
yond that it, inflicts these penalties The hill al-
lows those who deal with the national banks to
make the best bargain that they can. It allows
the hanks to charge seven per cent, without any
penalty. 1 do not think there is anybody in this
House who can hesitate to pieler the present sub-
stitute for the section as it now stands. If there
is any they will vote for it.
I tmst that those \v ho ate in favoi of this sys-
tem at all will consider this a test question. The
committee are willing to make it a te«t question.
If tins section is to be mangier!, of course the bill
is worthless; and 1 hope that the House will vote
undeistandiii<r'v upon tins matter.
Mr. IJLA1NE. Air. Chairman, it is a great
pnvileoe that the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyexs] leaves to the
cuslomei s of the hanks, that the banks shall have
the light to discount at a less rate than seven per
cent. It ).-> n new featuie in banking, that the
banks may take, loss than the legal rate. I would
like to know why this should be?
There is another fratme of the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania which i think
is not less objectionable. It says that those who
want to pay seven per cent, ean go to the na-
tional banks, and those who want to pay six per
cent, can go to the State banks. If this system
is to become successful it will drive out the State
banks. If it docs not drive out the State banks
it will not have strength enough to stand wp io
be knocked down. It goes upon the plan of driv-
ing the State banks out of existence. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means must admit that.
Now, sir, I have a compromise for that which
I will move. I take it that gentlemen mean to
amend the section as it was adopted yesterday.
I propose^iat the interest shall be at the rate es-
tablished oy law in the State where the associa-
tion is located, not to exceed seven per cent.
For seventy years past the rate of interest ih
New England has been six per cent. In these
seventy years there has never been a plethora oi
money like that of to.day. In those seventy
years the tendency of the country has never been
so to throw power into the hands of the capital-
ists as now. Now, when the capitalists have
their coffers overrun with money seeking for in-
vestment, when the banks have money looking"
for channels for investment, when the three mil-
lion people of New England, who use a great deal
of money for industrial and commercial purposes,
want money, Congress declares to them that they
shall pay one per cent, more for money than they
have ever paid for it before. If that is the bill,*
upon the workingmen of New England and upon
the workingmen everywhere, upon every com-
mercial enterprise, it increases the prifee of money
to seven per cent. It adds one sixth more inter-
est than was ever paid before. That is the pre-
cise effect of this bill.
I hope the committee will stand where it stood
yesterday, leaving the matter as it is in the sev-
eral States. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
prognosticates a fearful calamity if that be done.
He intimates unless the Committee of Ways and
Means are sustained upon this point they will give
up the bill. I believe the country will survive it
the biil never passes. I believe the country will
smvive without this $300,000,000 of currency as
we do now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand that the
gentleman from Maine has offered an amendment
to the substitute. 1 will therefore move to amend
it by striking out " seven/5 and inserting in lieu
thereof "six," so that the rate of interest shall
be six per cent.
I think the gentleman from-Pennsylvania is
light when he says he regards this as a vital feat-
ure of the bill, and it is certainly very desirable
that we should settle this question of interest at
once. I thought it was settled last evening by a
decided vote in favor of six per cent., but the
friends of high interest are not satisfied. I hope
a direct vote will be taken, and that it will be un-
derstood to be a testvote between the six per cent.,
as 1 propose, or the se\en per cent, as proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the pe-
culiar friends of this bill; and if the House now
determines to adopt the rate of seven per cent, in-
stead of six, that certainly ought to be an end of
the controveisy upon this point.
I hope, sir, this decision will notbe against the
interests of labor, and only to the advantage of
capital. Some respect should be had, in a gen-
eral system of banking like this, to the general
sentiment of the country, and above all to the just
lights of labor. The iate of interest is fixed at six
percent., 1 think, by a very iarge majotity of the
States. I believe most of the Slates of New Eng-
land and all the States east of Ohio, with the ex-
ception of New York, have fixed the rate at six
percent. And that principle pievails mostly in
the West, although in California, and probably
in the States of Illinois. Iowa, and one or two
other States, the rate exceeds that. But it may
be said with great safety that the common judg-
ment of the countiy is against a higher rate of
interest than six per cent., and banking institu-
tions,"m view of their immense advantage over
the individual citizen, have generally been espe-
cially the subjects of careful lestriction. Yet n<?
vigilance has prevented them horn attaining or
just advantages.
But even at six per cent, we are fixing a high
rate, of interest. These banks will receive their
six per cent, of interest on their bonds deposited
as their basis,1 and six per cent. onv-their circula-
tion secured by these bonds. Thus you enable
capital to realize the enormous interest ot twelve
per cent., all of which is a tax upon labor, a tax
on industry for the benefit of capital; and yet you
propose seven per cent, by this bill, m all thirteen
per cent., six of which is paid in gold, and all
paid by the actuai labor of the country. And yet
the six per cent., as I propose, is a higher inter-
