1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S4&
I am not to be deterred from accomplishing that
purpose because gentlemen fell mo that they have
a principle here that will affect nobody's rights.
I am for the right; I will get it at every time I
can; but I am not very tender-footed about what
is called a principle unless it affects somebody.
That is no principle that affects the rights of no-
body. That is an abstraction, and I do notlegis-
late on abstiactions.
Now, what is this ? It is admitted that there is
no negro in the Territory. No black man has
any right to vote there now. This right of voting
once exercised, without a black man being pres-
ent, is to be gone forever, and then this principle
is to be transferred to other hands and put out of
your reach entirely. Those into whose hands it
then goes will do just as they please about it.
Then why should we stand here contending about
that which, as I said before, is a mere abstraction ?
I think the rights of the people require that this
Territory should be organized. As to do so in
the mode proposed will trench on the rights of no
individual, 1 shall vote for this report, giving no-
tice, as I said before, that when the question which
is supposed to be here involved comes up prop-
erly, you will find measstraight upon it perhaps
eas any other man.
Mr. HALE. If there is anything in this prin-
ciple, I differ entirely with my honorable friend
from Ohio in this particular: if you want to assert
a principle that you believe in, it is vastly more
easy practically to assert it in reference to a wil-
derness where there is not a man, than in refer-
ence to a mixed people consisting of the various
classes that would be affected by your legislation.
The wisdom and the foresight of the men of 1787
that affixed the great anti-slavery ordinance to
the Northwestern Ternloiy was practically mani-
fested, because they took a virgin soil that was free
from the contentions that would be introduced by
various races, and said that the coming genera-
tions as they came to people it should people it
under certain restrictions and regulations.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me to correct him. The
whole of the Northwestern Territory at that time
was a slaveholding country. There were hun-
dreds and hundreds of negroes, slaves, held by
French settlers wherever there were settlements
in that Territory; at Vincennes, and various other
rlaces on the Ohio and Illinois, and on the lakes.
t was a slaveholding country.
Mr. HALE. Piactically it was a wilderness.
I know that there were here and there remnants
of a French population that held slaves, but prac-
tically it was a wilderness, it was only dotted
here and there with a few settlements. Although
what the Senator says may be literally true, and
unquestionably is, yet so far as regards thegreat
mass, the great extent of the Territory, it was a
wilderness, and the ordinance was a rule applied
to fix Us condition forcoming generations. Soit
was in Oregon when we organized a territorial
government there. I piesume that there were no
negroes there at that time. That was in 1848. I
remember well the contest we had over that bill
organizing the Territory of Oiegon. Did we not
stay here week after week and month aftermonth
from sunset to sunrise upon this question. The
South agreed that slavery might be prohibited in
that Territory; the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives were both agreed to that extent; but
for a savingclause they wanted to put in this pro-
viso" it being north of36°30\" That was a mere
abstraction; everybody knew that it was north of
36° 30'; but the southern statesmen contended
that that should be put in as a reason for the le-
gislation. We refused to do it, and we sat here
until one Sunday morning late m August, trnd
finally we passed the bill after one of the most
severe contests that ever took place in this coun-
try. And here let me say that if the United States
had stood right where they placed themselves on
that morning of August, 1848, prohibiting slavery
in that Territory and refusing to say thai the pi o-
hibition was because it was north of 3G° JO', we
should have had no compromise in 1850, no re-
bellion in 1861, but everybody would have been
satisfied.
Now, sir, here is a Territory which is practically
a wilderness. There may be some settlements
there, but very few. The policy that we incor-
porate by this bill will be the policy that will prob-
ably govern them for ages. If we give them a
dean charter to begin with they will live under
it. If we give- them a different one, they will live
under that. 1 am not pledging myself,, nor do I
mean to pledge myself, as to how I shall vote on
any other bill. I am not certain; I am not en-
tirely clear in my own mind 
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to put a practical question to him
on this point.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator is aware, I pre-
sume, that this Territory has a government now,
the government of Idaho, and that no colored man
is allowed to vote there under the charter of that
Territory; so that it changes nothing.
Mr. HALE. I do not exactly see that there is
force enough in that objection to require me to
occupy the time ofthe Senate in answering it.
The facts, undoubtedly, are as stated. , I will let
that go. But I was going to say that I would not
pledge myself as to how 1 should vote on all the
bills that may come up. I think thaUn this Dis-
trict it presents a very different question from that
presented in the present case; and as I am not very
anxious to have this Territory organized, I think I
shall vote against the report of the committee; and
if it should result in the disaster of defeating the
bill, I think there is only one class of men who
will suffer by it,and I admit that they will suffer,
and they are the disappointed candidates for of-
fices under the organization of Idaho. They did
not all get offices when that Territory was organ-
ized; there were not offices enough to give them
all; and after the thing was over, and the success-
ful men had got their ends answered by being Ap-
pointed Governor, judges, marshal, &c., another
iot remained to be disposed of. What was to be
done with them ? They were here; they came on to
he Governor and judges and marshal, &c., and it
suggested itself to them that the best thing on earth
would be to divide and make another Territory.
Now, suppose you do divideand make this new
Tenitory ofMontana, can you satisfythem ? No,
sir, there will be another Jot, and then, as the Sen-
ator from California suggests, you will have to
divide again. That class can be provided for by
a private bill. If the public good does not abso-
lutely icquire that this Territory shall be organ-
ized, any equitable claim that they may have for
the patriotic services they have already rendered
and are ready to render, can be disposed of in a
private bill; and I shall vote against concurring
in the lepoit of the committee of confeience.
Let me say another thing. I almost always
listen to my honorable friend from Maine wiih
profound pleasure and admiration. When he is
really in earnest, when his heart and his voice
and his judgment and his impulses are ail in
unison, all sympathetic on the same chord, he
thunders his convictions out so that I have some-
times been afraid of the windows over our heads
being broken by the concussion. [Laughter.]
But, sir, it was not so to-day. The Senator spoke
well, but not loud enough to disturb the atmos-
phere, hardly loud enough to be heard on this side
of the House; from which I gather that he may be
moved by tender consideration for those unfor-
tunate gentlemen who are waiting for these offices
rather than by any firm conviction of the prin-
ciple that is involved. I think that no great pub-
lic calamity will result if this bill goes over, and
so thinking, I shall vote against concurring in the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL. Exactly on that point I want
to appeal to the Senator to know piccisoly where
he stunds. If he intends to vote against this report
of the committee on the ground thar-there is no
public necessity for the organization of the pro-
posed Territory, I submit that thatisnotan open
question. That was not the question of disagree-
ment between the two Houses. The committee
did not understand that there was any such ques-
tion. The two Houses, by the passage of this
bill by an overwhelming majority, have foieclosed
that question; Congress has adjudged that the
public necessities require the oiganization of this
Territory. The committees of both branches so
reported, and both Houses have foreclosed the
question by deciding that it is in harmony with
the public interests that this Territory be organ-
ized. The only question presented by the report
of the committee of. conference is, is it proper ;
to organize it in this way? That is all that is
open by the report of the committee. If I had
entertained any scruples upon the question pre-
sented by the honorable Senator, upon which I
think he intends to cast his rote, and if I under-
stand his intimation he intends to dodge the other
question 
Mr. WILKINSON. Where there are any
practical results to follow.
Mr. MORRILL. He does not intend from the
intimation he has given us to be committed on
the other question. I want to know whether he
means to " face the music" like a brave Senator,
and whether he means to vote against this bill be-
cause the report of the committee of conference is
improper. The Congress of the United States-
having adjudged thatit is a political necessity ofthe
times to organize this Territory, that there is a
community of men out there engaged in mining,
and that they demand agovernment and ou^htto
have it, I want to put it to the honorable Sena-
tor whether he is willing in a playful way to put
this whole question aside and say, " I vote against
it on the ground that there is no public necessity
for it, but I am not quite willing to say whether
I would so vote on account of the negro being in
or out." That is the question before the Senate,
and on that my honorable friend, who is usually
so frank and alwaysso outspoken, seems inclined
to reserve himself for a spirited play upon me.
I have said, and I think I need not repeat, that
in regard this question ofnegro suffrage I never
voted to disfranchise a man on account of his
color. Do 1 propose it here? Does this committee
of conference propose to disfranchise any man on
account of his color? By no possibility whatever,
for the reason that there is no colored man in this
Territory, not one, and we had no ground to be-
lieve that up to the time when the community
there would be called upon to act on this question
there would be such a man there. I do not pro-
pose, theiefore,-to disfranchise anybody, and
upon that question of color I repeat now that I
never did and I never expect to disfranchise a man
on account of his color; and I am ready to say
what the Senator from New Hampshire I under-
stand lias not quite made up his mind to say, has
riot, it seems, quite summoned up' his judgment,
got up his courage to say, that 1 will meet that
question which is practical here in the District of
Columbia. He intimates very distinctly that on
that question he is a little weak, he is a little
doubtful, he is a little uncertain whether it will
not do to disfranchise a man here even on account
of his color, and he proposes to dodge the ques-
tion where it is impracticable by resorting to a
point that is foreclosed against him by the judg-
ment of both Houses of Congress.
If this bill is to be voted down, I insist upon it
that it shall be voted down on the report of the
committee, and on the points involved in the re-
port, and not on others; and on the question in
the District of Columbia, about which the Sena-
tor has so many forebodings, ** I will meet him
at Philippi," and I will see if he will dodge that
when it comes up. 1 am in favor of putting the
elective franchise on some general principle upon
which we can sland, and ought to stand, other
than that of color, and I notify him that I am
prepared to meet that question when it conies in
a practical form, as it will come when it arises in
regard to the District of Columbia, and I shall
then invoke lum and appeal to him to act in ac-
cordance with the co'nvictions of his whole life,
and not to give us to understand in advance of
that great question that he intends to dodge it or
to get around it.
Mih HALE. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken in one respect in saying that I should vote
on any different ground from that which is pre-
sented in the report. I said that I should vote
against the report, and if the result should be so
and so I should not mourn over it. Now, Mr.
President, I confess that the honorable Senator
from Maine—and he knows as well as anybody
can that there is no one who has a more pro-
found respect for his talents and for his character
than I have, and what I am going to say now
of course will not offend him, because if it re-
proves him I say it " more in sorrow than in
anger"—but I confess that the Senator from Maine
was the last man on this floor from whom I ex-
pected to hear the old Whig doctrine that was
thundered out here on the Wilmot proviso and
repeated again. What was it? When it was
proposed during the Mexican war to affix an
