1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
the Chair to administer that oath to myself, or to direct
that it shal! be administered. With the expression of this
desire,I take lay seat."—Globe, (March 6,1863,) page 1559.
The President pro tempore made no offer to ad-
minister the oatli, but said simply:
" The subject is under debate.'*
The debate was continued until the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] proposed that the
Chair should proceed to administer the oath.
Again it appears from the report that I expressed a
hope " that the Chair would consent to adminis-
ter the oath to me."
Shortly afterwards the President pro tempore
said:
"The Chair proposes now to take and subscribe this
oath, in pursuance of the law of SUJuIy last, and that being
done, the Chair uill administer the oath to such members as
will voluntarily take it."
Mark the words: " to such members as will
voluntarily take it."
The oath was then administered to Mr. Foot
by Mr. Foster. Resuming the chair, the Presi-
dent pro tempore then said:
'• The Chair will now direct the Clerk to call, in alpha-
betical order, the names of all iienatois who Have been
elected or reelected since the 2d July, 1652, that being the
day of the approval of the aet: and such Senators present,
whose names shall be called, as choosc to do so, will coine
forward to the Secretary's desk and receive the oath of
office admimsteied by the Chair, after which they will haee
an opportunity to subscribe the oath."
The Senators present,whose names were culled,
some of them, after delay, came forward and took
the oath; and then,at the suggestionof the Chair,
I withdrew the resolution. The Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] was not then present.
The language of the Chair when inviting Sen-
ators to take the oath, left a loop-hole through
which they might avoid theoath. It was, "such
Senatois present as choose to do so will come for-
ward," and then " they will hare an opportunity
to subscribe the oath." In such dainty terms Sen-
ators were invited to do as they pleased; thus
making a discrimination between the earlier oath
which they were obliged to take in order to be
qualified, and the additional oath which they were
free to neglect.
Such is a plain statement of facts, showing the
necessity for the proposed rule. 1 make this in
no spirit of personal criticism, but simply that
you may see the occasion for the proposed rule. ;
Had the Chair, at the beginning, proceeded to i
administer the additional oath as it administered |
the earlier oath, there would have been no occa- :
sion for a rule. Or had the Chair afterwards, j
when attention was called to the omission, admin- j
istered the additional oath according to the re- i
quirement of the statute, there would have been |
no occasion for a lule. !
feut the Chair did no such thing. It left the j
toll in" of the oath to the conscience or will of each ;
Senator. And though the statute solemnly de-
clares that "every person elected or appointed to
any office of honor or profit under the Govern-
ment of the United States shall, before entering
upon the duties of such office, and before being enti-
tled to any of the salary or other emoluments thereof,
take and subscribe"the oath in question, yet the
Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has not
only "entered upon the duties" of his office as a
Senator, but he has continued to discharge these
duties and to draw his salaiy, although he has
never taken and subscribed the oath.
It is evident that something must be done io cor-
rect this incongruity, and to rehabilitate, if 1 may
so say, the act of Congress. I know no better
way than by the proposed rule. But I have no
partiality for this mode. I shall be ready for any
other proposition which will lift the statute from
the desuetude and neglcct into which it was al-
lowed to fall, and will secure its enforcement. In
the events which are now at hand this statute will
be a safeguard of the Republic,audits enforcement
heie will secure its enforcement every where, lo
the traitor, seeking office, it will be a touenstone;
while, like the angelic sword at the gates of
dise, it will thrust away from these Chambers ail
those brutal enemies who, for the sake of slavery,
have helped to fill our land with mourning.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts, it seems to me, has made a
very labored attack upon the Presidentjiro tempore
of the Senate in his remaiks; and but for this, 1
should not perhaps feel called upon to say a word.
But, sir, I feel it due to that gentleman, and the
course pursued by him at the commencement of
the extra session last year, that I should state
some of the facts bearing upon this question.
The old law required the oath to support the
Constitution to be taken. The new law required
the additional oath to be taken and subscribed; and
when we met in the Senate here, on the 4th day of
March at twelve o'clock, neither the Secretary of
the Senate nor any one else had prepared an oath
to be subscribed. The newly elected Senators
were called by name, and they advanced to the
Chair and took the usual oath. No one thought
at that time oftlie other oath; and the oath was not
prepared leady to be subscribed by the Senators,
if the Senator from Massachusetts charges^ upon
the Chair neglect of duty in the administration of
his office, why did he not, when he walked up to
the desk on that day and took the old oath, then
ask to subscribe and take the oath under the new
statute? He did not think of it. There was_ no
" dainty"performance ofduty m the taking ot the
oath of office on the part either of the President of
the Senate or on the part of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I do not charge it upon either.
The Senator did not think about it at the time
when he iirst went forward and took his oath of
office.
But again, sir, the Senate almost immediately
adjourned on its organization that day without
doing any business. It is true that the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] did call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the subject, but the Senate
immediately adjourned,and the oath of office was
then drawn and prepared to be brought into the
Senate to be subsciibed. But the Senator from
Massachusetts, by the introduction of his propo-
sition to establish a new rule, got up a long de-
bate in the Senate as to whether it was proper to
have a rule; and it was pending this debate that
the President pro tempore himself proposed atonce
to show his respect for and obedience to the law
by saying that he was now prepared and felt it
his duty to arrest the debate, which was consum-
ing so much time, by taking the qath of office
himself, and he osked the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] wlio by direction of
the Senate had administered the usual oath to him
in the first place, to administer to him the new
oath. He proceeded to do so, and then the Chair
atonce proceeded to call upon all the newly elected
Senators who had not taken the new oath to come
forwaid and take and subscribe it, as it was then
prepared for them to subscnbe at the desk of the
Secretory. After this was done, the Senator from
Massachusetts, seeing that the idea of a rule in
the Senate in order tu require m^n to obey the law
was (as in my judgment it was) a pertect farce,
withdrew his piopoMtion lor a rule and thus
ended the debate. .
Thes  are the tacts, Mr. President. As to the
position taken by the Senator from Vermont [Mi.
Foot] m relatio'n to the proposed rule, and the
necessity of adopting a rule lit the Senate m oi tier
to require the fulfillment of a law, if I were to as-
sume the attitude of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and speak ill the same dogmatical tone that
he does, 1 should say it is too plain for any argu-
ment, theie cannot be any two opinions on such
a question. I say that the ground taken by the
Senator from Vermont is correct; that this at-
tempting by rule to bolster up a law is deioga-
tory to legislation and derogatory to the Senate.
The law is valid or invalid. It is urged on the
one side that it is against the Constitution; on the
other that it is constitutional. II it is valid the
rule adds no force to it. If it is invalid the rule
cannot give it any power.
Mr. Piesident, I agree with the Senator from
Veimont in the view that he expressed as to the
necessity of the adoption of ally such rule as this
in relation to this statute; and I should not have
said a word on tins subject but for this appatent
attack upon the Senator from Vermont, as if he
had handled this law with dainty lingers, as it he
had left some loophole out of which men might
escape from the performance of their legal duty.
Perhaps I speak warmly; I sometimes feel pretty
warmly and pretty deeply when I see friends at- j
tacking each other. If I see friends attacking ■
enemies I do notcaie much about it; but this con-
tinued war among ft iends on this side of the Ohani-
ber sometimes makes me think that the Repub-
licans are endeavoring to do precisely what the
Democrats did last year. They did all m their
power to help the Republicans beat them, and !
do not know but the Republicans now.—perhaps
out of gratitude for what t'he Democrats did oat
year—are going to pursue the same course and
keep up a war among themselves.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Wisconsin a question. I do not con-
cur with him as to the mode of getting at this
question. How would ho compel the enforcement
of the law as against the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard,] who is here in his seataciing with
us? If he will point out some mode of getting
at the execution of that law other than tile riiode
pointed out by the Senator from Massachusetts,
I shall have a little more regard for his objections
to this rule. ' .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The matter is perfectly
plain. There are two modes of proceeding. If
a man is not a Senator, how do you prevent his
voting? Suppose some outsider should come here
and assume to take a seat here and speak, what
would you do? •
Mr. SHERMAN. This question arose by the
inadvertence, I think,by the neglect, of theofficers
of the Senate. Certainly the Senator from Ver-
mont was no more at fault than the Senator from
Massachusetts. I agree with the Senator from
Wisconsin in that. The criticism on the Presiding
Officer of the Senate, it seems to me, does not raise
a fault with him—I speak of the first day's pro-
ceedings—because lie simply neglected that which
the Senator from Massachusetts and all of us
j neglected. 1 was as much at fault as either of
them. But this is a question as to whether mem-
bers of the Senate are to obey that law. 1 d&ire
to see it enforced. We have decided the constitu-
tionality of the law after a full and ample debate;
at least I have for myself. I do not wish to re-
view that decision. 1 do not say, niyself} thatthis
rule is the best mode of gettingat it. If the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin can point outany other motle
by which we can require this oath to be adminis-
tered to the Senator from Delaware, I may agree
with him; but until he does it seems to me wo
had better adopt the mode suggested by the Sen-
;• ator from Massachusetts. .
l: It occui red to me at the very beginning of this
!! controversy thatprobably the shortest way would
I: be, when the name of the Senator*from Delawaie
i| was called on loll-cail, to object to it, and to insist
(i that his nanip be stricken from the roll until he take
!| the oath of office. That seemed to me to be the
!■ clearest and easiest mode ot getting at it, but I did
jj not like to make a suggestion of that kind. I do
j! not think the Senator from Delaware, in the faco
of the law, ought to be allowed to vote on any
pending proposition until he takes the oath, or
i until the Senate shall have decided on that ques-
' tion that he is entitled to his seat. The course I
" have suggested, I think, would be a better way
of disposing of this question; but at the same time
I do not want to criticise the mode indicated by
the Senatoi from Massachusetts until I see clearly
some other mode that is better.
Mr. COLLAM15R. I do not know whether
the remaiks which were made by the Senator
from Massachusetts were intended as a criticism
on the Presiding Officer of the Senate 011 that
occasion 
Mr. SUMNER. Notatall. I hope the Senator
will allow me one simple word in reply to the
Senator from Wisconsin. It seems to me that 10
makes trouble where there ought to lie no trouble.
He makes suggestions which there is no occasion
for lum to make. Sir, I know the feenatoi fl0i^
Vermont [Mr. Foot] too well, his distinguished
chaiactcr and all his merits, to allow myself for a
single moment to say anything that any candid
person could interpret into an attack upon lum
The idea never entered my mind. I banish it. I
am sorry that it enteied the mind of the Senator
from Wisconsin. I confined myself to a state-
ment of the facts from the record—absolutely from
the record—prepared carefully, tending to show
the necessity for some action of the Senate m
order to secure the enforcement of that statute.
That was all; and in making that statement of
fact I showed that the Presiding Officer adminis-
tered one oath and did not administer another;
and that Senators continued, after the attention
of the Presiding Officer was called to the omission,
to perform their duties as Senators and to answer
to their names on the roll-call. That is what 1
did. If there is any person who imagined that
