3826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
The same paper accuses Hunter of destroying a great
amount of private property, and stealing alaige number of
wagons, hordes, and cattle.
The same paper al&o states that Wilson destroyed a train
of cars, loaded with cotton and (urmture, burned the depot
building, &c., at BurkesviHe, and destroyed some of the
track, and was still pushing south.-
All the railroads leading into Richmond are now de-
stroyed, and aome of them badly.
A dispatch from General Sherman, received this morn-
ing, reports that yesterday, June 27, an unsuccessful at-
tack was made by our forces on the enemy's position,
which resulted in the loss of between two and tluec thou-
sand. The following particulars are given:
" Pursuant to my order of the 24th, a diversion was made
on each flank of the enemy, especially down the Sandtown
road. About 8 a.m. McPherson attacked at the southwest
end of the Kenesaw, and Thomas at a point about a mile
further south. At the same time the skirmishers and ar
tiliery along the whole line kept up a sharp fire. Neither
attack -uieeeeded, though both columns reached the ene-
my's woiks, which are very strong.
"McPhetson report-? his loss about five hundred, and
Thomas about two thousand; The loss is particularly
heavy in general and field officers, among them Genetal
Harkcr; aNo Colonel Dan. MeCook, commanding a bri-
gade; Colonel Rice, of the fifty-seventh Ohio, veiy seri-
ously. ColoueK Barnhall, fortieth Illinois a"d Augustine,
of the fifty-fifth Illinois., are killed. General Harker is re-
ported mortally wounded.
"McPherson took a hundred prisoners, and Thomas
about as many, but I do not suppose we inflicted a heavy
loss on the enemy, as he kept close behind his parapets "
No other military intelligence has been received by the
Department. EDWIN M STANTON,
Secretary of IVar.
Hon. DANif.L Clark,
President of the Senate pro tempore*
MiLITAltiT INTWIiFISttKNCK WITH EJECTIONS.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now before the Senate as
the special order.
Mr. POWELL. I move that that and ali other
orders be postponed so as to take up the motion
to reconsider the vote on the passage of the bill
(S. No. 37) to prevent military and naval officers
and other persons in the service of the United
States trom interfering in'elections in the Stales.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to state to the Sen-
ate that if the motion to reconsider shall be voted
down, it should be done speedily, no that the bill
may be sent to the House of Representatives in
time to lie acted on there during the present ses-
sion. There will be no debate on the question;
it will merely occupy the time required to take
the vote. I understand that the Senator from
Michigan does not'desire to discuss it Author; I
do not; let us take it up and vote.
9 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. POWELL called for the yeas and nays,
and lliev were ordered.
Mr. TR UM BULL. Can we not by unanimous
consent take the vote on the reconsideration by
yeas and nays in the place of this vote ?
Mr. POWELL. That is rll I wish.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope'thai will be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. TheJSenator
from Illinois suggests that, by unanimous con-
sent, the vote be taken by yeas and nays on the
reconsideration now. Is there any objection?
The Chair hears none. The question is, will the
Senate reconsider the vote by which Senate bill
No. 37 was passed?
Mr. HOWARD. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate a moment on this bill further than to statethe
posture of the question. The Senatoa few days
ago, in the absence of eleven Senators, who, I pre-
sume,would have voted against this bill if they had
been present, passed the bill that had been intro-
duced at an early period of the session by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, the object of
which bill was to prevent, in his phrase, the in-
teiference of the military authoiities with elec-
tions. The bill underwent considerable amend-
ment before it was put upon its final passage, by
which amendments many of the obnoxious clauses
contained in the original bill were expunged.
Nevertheless, if this bill is passed, it will stand
as a censure of the Senate upon the military au-
thorities against whom these chaises have been
launched by the Senator from Kemucky and his
friends in this Chamber, a severe and lasting cen-
sure, for which 1 will nevei vote. That is all I
have to say. I hope the motion to reconsider will
be earned in order that the bill may then be laid
on the t{\bl".
Mr. POWELL It is not my purpose to dis-
cuss the question; but the passage of this bill will
not be any censure upon the military authorities
move than any penal law we have passed during
this session is a censure on some civil officer who
may have committed frauds on the Government.
I hope the bill will not be reconsidered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted-—yeas 19, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS — Measis. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Coliamer,
Conness, Doolitrie. Foot, Foster, Howard, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Mm rill, Kainsey, Sprague, Sum-
ner, Ten E\ek, Wilkinson, and Wtbon—19,
NAYS—Ale^n. Brown, BuckalfW, Garble, Cowan, Da-
vis, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Harris Henderson, Hendricks,
Iheks, McJDouyall, Nesmith, lJomeroy, Powell, Riddle,
6aulsbury, Sheirnan, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, and
Willey—23.
ABSENT—Mes?sts. Dixon. Fesaemlen, Harding, Howe,
"Johnson, Richardson, and Wright—7.
So the Senate refused to reconsider the vote
passing the bill.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
Mr. MORRILL submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the hill (S. No. 34) to incorporate the
Metropolitan Railroad Company m the Dtstrict of Colum-
bia, having mot, alter full and free conference haveagruod
to recommend and do lecominend to their respective
House* follows:
That the Senate agree to the fir&t amendment of the
[louse.
That the Senate agree to the second amendment of the
limine, amended so as to read as follows - m section one,
strike out all after the word " wet-t'' where it last occur*
m line twenty-five down to and including the word 11 we&t "
in line twenty-nine, and the House agtee to the same a*
amended.
That tne Semite agree to the thiid and fourth amend-
ments of the House.
That thp Iloti^e recede from its filth, sixth, and seventh
amendment^.
That the Senate agree to the eighth amendment of the
llou-e with the lollowiug amendment, to wit: stiike out
all atror the. words "provided further that," and in lieu
theieof in^eit u no person shall be allowed to subscribe for
more than $'15,000;" and the House agree to the same as
amended.
That the Senate rtcioe to the ninth, frith, eleventh, and
twelfth amendments of the Hou.-e.
That the Senate and House nirree to an amendment strik-
ing oui the woidf. "ninety wot king days" in section sev-
entoen, and inserting in lieu thereoi the uokU '-lour
months.1'
L M MORRTLL,
«. l\ WADE,
W. T WHiLKY,
Manage/s on the >uut of the Senate.
EZRA WHEKLER,
J. \V. PAT PKltSON,
J. 0. BLAliVTC,
Manag^i on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
VISITATION OF .FORTS, ETC.
Mr. RIDDLE. I move that the Senate post-
pone ali prior order.s and take up the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 73) to allow ►Senators and Repre-
sentatives to visit forts, military prisons, and
hospitals withtn their respective States.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not.
Mr. RIDDLE. I think it will lead to no de-
bate. *
Mr. SUMNER. I think it cannot pass with-
outdebate;and I hope the Senate will proceed with
the order of the day.
Mr. McDOtJGALL called for the yeas and
nays, and they wore ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YKAS—Mc^in. Blown, Bwkalow, Cathie, Cowan. Da-
vis, Jit ndeison. Hendi ick?, Hicks, Howe. Lane of Indiana,
Lane o<" Kansas, Mel)otu>.til, ,\eMiiuh, Pomeroy, Powell,
Riddle, and S.tnMuii}—17.
NAYS—Me^r". Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Oollamer,
Poohtfle, Foot, Foster,(hnne-, Hale, H.uian, Harri-s, Mor-
gan, Mouill, Hamsov, Sheiman, Sptacue, Sumnei, Ten
k. Ti uinbuil, Von Winkle, Wado, Wilkinson, Willej,
and Wilson—24.
AiJSEN'T—Messrs. Conner, Dixon, Fe><enden, Hard-
ing, Howaid, Johnson, Iticinud^ou, and Wiight—S.
So the motion was not agreed to.
ORDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 now offer a resolution re-
questing the House of Rcpiescntatives to return
to us the joint resolution granting additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department, in order
that I may make a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed. I am sure
the Senator from Ohio will not object to my sub-
mitting the proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia desues unanimous consent to sub-
mit a tv^ol't'iou at the present time.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 shall object, undoubtedly
i and resist the piopo&ition.
| The PRESIDENTproteittpor*. Objection being
made, the resolution cannot be received. The bill
(H. R. No. 51) to establish a Buieau of Freed-
men's Affairs is before the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr, HARLAN. I understand that the object
of the Senator from Virginia is to enter a motion
which is regarded as privileged.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That question
is not debatable.
Mr. HARLAN. But it is in order to state
what is proposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will hear the Senator by the consent of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Virginia
desires to move a reconsideration of a vote that
was taken yesterday.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that I have a
right to make the motion to reconsider as a ques-
tion of privilege. It does'not require unanimous
consent to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. I take it the Senator has a
right only to enter the motion.
"Mr. SBiERMAN. The joint resolution is not
here, but has gone to the other House.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider is not in order, the joint resolution
not being in possession of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up the bill (H. R. No. 117) to
reimbuise the State of Pennsylvania for expenses
incurred in calling out the militia of said State
durmgthe recent invasion, which I reported afew
days ago from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be taken
up to interfere with the orderof the day. Let us
proceed to vote on that, and then we can take up
the Senator's bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of the bill of
the Senator from Pennsylvania; it was examined
by the Committee on Finance; it ought to be
passed; but 1 think we had better proceed m or-
der. I shall vote against taking it up now outof
its order. **
Mr. COWAN. I am very much oppressed in
regaid to this bill; it is considered important in
out Stale; 1 have yielded and kept it back for a
long time, and I trust I shall now be able to have
it taken up and passed. It will notoccupy much
time.
Mr. SUMMER. I think the Senator makes a
mistake in antagonizing it with anotherbill which
bus been discussed several days arid which seems
to be approaching a close.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvvinia will not press it now.
iYjr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion; we are
for his bill.'
Mr. COWAN. Well, I withdraw the motion
now.
MESSAGE FROM TII13 HOUSE.
A message f'tom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Cleik, announced that the
House had agreed to the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill c-f the House (No. 540) to provide
ways and means for the support of the Govern-
ment, and for other purposes; and that it had
passed a bill (No. 558) to authorize the issuing
of patents for coitnrn lands in the town of Stock-
bridge, State of Wisconsin, and for other pur-
poses; in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enroll'd bilisand joint resolutions; and
they were thereupon signed by the Presidentpro
tempore:
A bill (Ii. R. No. 121) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant William P. Richner, seventy-seventh regi-
ment Ohio volunteer infantry;
A bill (S. No. 190) authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a commission to select a
site for a navy-yaid and naval station on the
western waters, and for other purposes;
A bill (S No. 19U) relating to thu compensation
of pension agenfs;
A bill (S. No. 335) to carry into effect the con-
tention between the Um'ed States of America
and tin United-States of Colombia;
*A joint resolution (H. R.No. 32) to grant ad-
ditional rooms to the Agricultural Department;
