1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
est than is paid in any other civilized country.
To confer upon a hanking system,that may con-
trol for all time to come the labor, the currency,
and the wealth of the country, the advantage of
loaning money and transacting business, at the
enormous profit of seven per cent.,Resides the
six per cent, paid by the Government, when the
great,body of States through their Legislatures
have sought to protect their citizens against the
oppression of capital and the cupidity of corpo-
ration^) is an unexampled abandonment of the
rights of labor and a monstrous concession to cap-
ital. There is no disguising the fact that this
monster bank, with its hundreds of heads and its
$300,000,000 of capital, will control the financial
affairs of the country; and whatever rate of in-
terest you adopt here will, from the very nature
of the case, have to be adopted everywhere else.
The same power that will control the capital will
control the politics of the country; and if the rate
of interest is not advanced in the States where six
per cent, is now the standard, (if you adopt the
gentleman's proposition,) it will be because the
bankingassociations will prefers monopoly which
gives them seven per cent, while eveiy citizen is
limited to six per cent.
But without their interference, if you will al-
low these banks to charge seven per cent., and
the State Legislatures, persevenng in their formei
policy, should decline to advance their rates of
interest where it is now only six per cent., you
will discriminate most unjustly in favor of these
grasping corporations and against private citizens.
Take, for example, the gentleman's own State,
Pennsylvania, whore there may be twenty of
these banks established. They, with their capi-
tal, will be able to charge this rate of seven per
cent., while private citizens will be limited to six
per cent. It will be a new feature in the histoiy
of the legislation of this country when a mam-
moth corporation receives rights and immunities
which are denied or withheld from the citizen of
the country, in matters, too, in which the enter-
prise of the citizen should be at least equally fa-
vored.
And, sir, the v.ery fact that the amount of cur
rency is to be largely increased by the $300,000,000
to be issued through this agency alone, in addi
tion to the #450,000,000 of legal-tender notes is
sued by the Government, ought to secure a re
duction instead of an increase of interest. Th
increase of currency, according to all the laws o
trade, should diminish, and yet by your policy
you would, for the benefit of capital, increase
its value, increase its production, and all this for
the benefit of the banks—of voracious centralized
capital, for, if nothing worse, the currency of
your pet banks will drive out your legal-tender
notes, which is a loan to the Government without
interest, and thus increase the interest-bearing
part of the public debt, or else inflate your cur-
rency beyond all endurable limit. You ought to
cheapen the price of money so as to favor labor
at a time when it is called upon to bear such enor-
mous burdens of taxation. But instead of that
you propose to make interest, this eatingcanker,
more and more oppressive upon the labor of the
country, and that, too, for the sole benefit of
banks, for out of the toil and sweat of labor the
seven per Gent, you now propose and the six
per cent, paid on the bonds, which are the sole
foundation of these banks, will be wrung with re-
morseless promptness by these instruments for
centralizing the public wealth. Yet, sir, the toil-
ing millioiLwill have to pay it all. Labor ceases
to have a voice in the public councils 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KA.SSON. I regret very much that this
debate seems to have taken a turn that may in-
cline some gentlemen to lose sight of the great
objects of the bill in their desire to introduce into
the bill their special view resulting from estab-
lished systems in the different localities of this
country. Suppose, sir, that on my part I were
to ask this House to adopt a condition of things
existing m myown newJStateof Iowa,and apply
the system and rate of interest adopted there to
control the rest of the country. 1 take it for
granted that very few gentlemen in the House
could see m that any particular reason why the
whole balance of the country should he subjected
to the same system; and I think that when the
gentleman from Maine comes here and asks that
theRepresenfativesoftheentire Union shall adopt
a rule that is adapted to the condition of things,
as he thinks, in his own State, he asks too much
of the sound judgment of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. KASSON. My time is so short that I
prefer to say what I have to say, and then, if I
have any time left, I will yield to the gentleman.
In my own State, sir, we allow a rate of inter-
est of ten per cent, per annum, and the banks in
that State are allowed a rate of interest of eight
per cent, per annum, and where no contract at all
is made the rate is six per cent, per annum. I
have been besought by the banking interest of my
State to concur m this movement to allow the
State Legislatures to regulate the rate of interest.
I have protested against it on the ground, fitst;
that this banking system is demanded by the
whole country in the interest of uniformity.
Now, sir, in rcspect to commerce and manu-
factures, which furnish the very basis of banking,
and tri facilitate which this very act itself is pro-
posed—in respcct to these two great interests there
are no States in this Union; we are one country
in respect to these interests; and by express pro-
vision of the Constitution of the United States
the inter-State commerce is put under the control
of Congiess, for the reason that whatever affects
the commerce of the country you must not allow
to be obstructed by State legislation or State lines.
And now, when wecome here with a proposition
to establish a currency to accommodate the whole
country, gentlemen tell us, " You must not make
a uniform system of currency; you must still
leave it dependent, in its application to commerce
and manufactuies, on State legislation." I beg
gentlemen upon all sides of the House to look
catefully at this question and see whether it is
safe for us to forego the piivilego conferred by
the Constitution, in the incidental relation of this
question to the commerce of the country, by al-
lowing the State Legislatures to come in at any
time and interfere with the success of the mone-
tary system of the country. Sir, you cannot do
it with safety. You should not have interest on
the one side of an imaginary line controlled by
one system of laWs, and on the other side con-
trolled by anothei system of laws.
You have different usury laws in the different
States of this Union as well as different rates of
interest. A patron or an applicant to a bank on
one side of a river, or of this invisible geograph-
ical line, iindN himself subject to one law in re-
spect to usury and the rate of interest, and on
the other side to another law; and even where
cities on opposite sides of the line aie intimately
connected in then business tiansactions, you find
yourself em ban ahsed by this want of uniformity.
Sir, if we have a right to establish an institu-
tion of this kind at all—and I leave every gentle-
man, of course, to vote on the final passage of
this bill as he thinks propei—i ask that at least
you will perfect the bill in accordance with the
views of those gentlemen who design to establish
a uniform system of banking, and in accordance
with the views I believe unanimously of both
sides of the House, so far as rcpiesented in the
Committee of Ways and Means, and if the ad-
vantages of the bill as a whole do not exceed its
disadvantages, vote it down; if they do, let us
sustain it.
The question being on Mr. Holman's amend-
ment,
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Holman and Kas&on to act as
such.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 25, noes 67.
So the amendment was disagieed to.
Mr. IIIGBY. 1 move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words "at a rate of interest
not exceeding seven per cent, per annum/' and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " not exceed-
ing the rate established by law in the State in
which the bank is established.5' I am aware that
a proposition of this kind was voted down yes-
terday 
Several Members. No; voted in.
Mr. IIIGBY. Well,all the better. This isa
new section proposed for the one passed upon.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] argued
to-day—and I think 1 heard the same'argument
used yesterday—that the having different rates
of interest in different States is not going to give
us a uniform currency. Gold and silver is the
established currency of the Government of the
United States; yet in one State it may be worth
eight per cent, a year, in another ten, and in a
third twelve per cent. The rate of interest does
not affect the uniformity of currency throughout
the United States. The question of uniformity
depends upon whether a dollar in one State will
be received as a dollar in another State, or whether
there will be a discount of one half, one, two,
three, or five per cent, on whatever is presented
as currency. The question of interest does not
affect the question of the uniformity of currency.
If my amendment shall be incorporated m that
pioposed by the distinguished memberfrom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] allowing the banks un-
der this system to have the benefitof the latesof
interest alio wed by the laws of the different States,
it does not go to the question of uniformity in the
least. I do not know thatany one State is of any
particular consequence. 1 am not particular as
to this question of State rights or of the individu-
ality of States. But as a business transaction, so
long as it does not affect general policy, I think
it a good plan to allow institutions of this char-
acter to conform to the practice of the different
The law, as it stands, will be tantamount to an
exclusion of this banking system from the State
of California. There can be no bank under this
bill in that State. 1 do not know that there will
be any great objection on the part of the people
there to that result. The State of California does
not tolerate the establishment of banks of issue '
at all. Theie never has been one in the State,
and the constitution does not tolerate it. There
is nothing allowed there but banks of deposit.
No bank can be established there unless under
a general law of Congress of this character. Our
State laws establish an interest of ten per cent,
where nothing is said of interest in the agree-
ment. But parties may agree to any rate of in-
terest they please, three, four, five, six, or ten
per cent. From one and one half to three per
cent, a month is the common rate of interest there.
It goes down very seldom as low as one and one
half per cent, permonth. It is very evident, there-
fore, that no banking institution can be estab-
lished there under this bill. I have myself paid
that rate of interest, and am paying now two per
cent, a month. It is the common rate of interest.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on Mr. Higby's amend-
ment to the amendment;
Teljers were ordered; and Messrs.Higby,and
Steele of New York, were appointed.
While the committee was dividing,
Mr. HIGBY withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " at a rate of interest
not exceeding seven percent, per annum," and
inserting in lieu thereof the words:
Al interest not exeuothn* the rate established by law in
the Stau* m which lite batik is established . Prorided, That
the late does, not exceed seven per cent, pei annum.
This is adopting the suggestion of my colleague,
[Mr. Blaine,] made just now to the chairman of
the Committee of Waysarid Means. Itanswers
the purpose of providing a uniform currency at
a low rate of interest. The rate cannot be under
seven percent, unless by the law of the State where
the hank is established the rate shall be below
that. In other cases it shall be seven percent.
I would make no endeavor to change the terms
of this bill, under the intimation of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means in regard
to it, were I not firmly impressed with the belief
that this bill is not in the interest of the Govern-
ment. If the $300,000,000 additional is to be is-
sued as proposed by this bill, I, for one, am in
favor of having an additional issue of greenbacks,
and not have the issue come from these banks and
the profits go to them.
As I do not deem the bill to be in the interest
of the Government, so it is very plainly manifest
that in very large sections of the country it is not
m the interest of labor. The contributions that
labor makes to capital in the shape of interest are
already large enough. The experienced financier
who reported this bill from the Committee of
Ways and Means, [Mr. Hooper.,] expressed his
opinion that six per cent, was as high a rate of '
interest as'should be paid to capital. In that I
