THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
I could make an attack on the Senator from Ver-
mont, I beg to undeceive him; and I beg to take
back every word I have said that by any possi-
bility could be so cgrcgiously misinterpreted.
jMr. COLLAMJER. I do not know whether
the gentleman carefully measured his words in
writing out what he said on this occasion before
delivery; but he will find that he did indulge in
some remarks intimating that the Presiding Offi-
cer had acted so delicately in regard to this law
as to afford an opportunity to men to escape its
provisions.
Mr. SUMNER. I will read the words, if the
Senator will permit me.
Mr. COLLAMJER. I believe the exact word
used by the Senator was " daintily."
Mr. SUMNER. Those are the words which
I read and characterized, from the Globe:
ei Such Senators present whose names shall be culled ns
choosc to do so, will come tonvaid to tlic Secretary's desk
and receive the oath ot office administered by the Chair,
after which they will have an opportunity to hubheribc the
oath."
I characterized those as dainty words.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not refer to anything
the Senator read from a book. I am refeiring to
his own remark, that the Chair had done it so
" daintily."
Mr. SUMNER. I said that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but think that
that implied more than ihogentieman would seem
to say now he intended. Very well; let it be so
intended that it is moio than he did'mean, and
that he takes it back; and let that end it.
Now, Mr. President, in relation to this rule and
the occasion for such a rule, 1 beg to call the at-
tention of Senators for a moment lo its effect. The
Constitution of the United Slates requires that
Senators shall take an oath to support that Con-
stitution; and the act of 1789, the first act passed
by Congress, went on to provide the mode and
manner of taking it. It required it to betaken in
the Senate and to be administered by the Pre-
siding Officer, so that the recoids of it could be
kept among the records and muniments of the
body. That made it the duty of the Presiding Offi-
cer to administer the oath, and clothed him sviih
the authoiily to administer it. It was a matter of
law, not metejy the form of the oath made up
agreeably to the general provision of the Consti-
tution, but the Ume, mode, and manner of its ad-
ministration were all matters of law. Senators
will please to bear in mind that the act which re-
quires this oath of which we are now talking
did not prescribe the mode and manner and time
and place of its administration. There i.h no! hi ag-
in the act to prevent a man from taking it before
the Senate meet at all, or from taking it before any
magistrate and taking his certificate and keeping it
in his pocket. There was nothing prescribed in
the law itself requiting the Piesidiiig OHicei to
administer it at all. It was therefore made in no
way expiessly his duty to administei it; nor is it
to thisday; and it is not now. There is the great
diOci enco bet ween t he ad minis tei ing of tin: until to
support the Constitution and the administering of
the oath winch we now have in question. In the
one case there was a law passed preseubing it,
and in the other there was not. In the latter case
the law requhed, to be sure, thatit should be done
before entering upon the duties of the office; but
how done, where done, and how to be certified,
was not pi ovided Now aiises the propriety of a
i ule, at some pel iod to carry into effect tIu  piesent
law, inasmuch as we have no statute about the
time arid mode and manner of taking the oath.
The rule prescribes the time, mode, and manner;
that it shall be done m the Seriate, and the oath
administered by the Presiding Officer of the Sen-
ate, and that the reeoi d of it when signed shall bo
kept among the records and muniments of the
body itself.
I endeavored to take particular pains to state
that the act of 1*590 which fixed the form of the
oath agreeably to the Constitution pait;eu!aiiy pro-
vides that it shall be administered by the Piesidiiig
Officer of the body. 1 said so befoie, but I say
the present law about the additional oath says no
such tiling; and there is the difference between the
two cases, the old oath requiring no more than the
law to cany it into effect, the present one requir-
ing some rule to carry it into effect, if we really
mean to have the evidence of the oath preserved
hcreamong ourmummouts, and hence the propri-
ety of the rule now mooted. When the Senate met
in March last there was no rule and no law that
it should be done in the Senate at all The rule
now proposes that it shall be done in the Senate,
and by the Presiding Officer. I have thought it
necessary to point out the difference existing be-
tween these two oaths, and the mode and manner
of their administration? the one being perfect, and
the other requiring a rule to carry it out.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I desire to add
further a word in reply to the Senator from Wis-
consin. What I said a moment ago was an in-
terruption to the Senator from Vermont. I desire
to say to the Senator from Wisconsin, if he ob-
jects to the rule which 1 propose, let him propose
something better, and I shall vote for it. I am not
attached to the proposition which I have brought
forward. I am peifectly willing to vote for any
substitute which will do the work proposed.
The statute requiring the oath has not been en-
forced. How shall we secure Us enforcement in
this Chamber? The Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] suggested, and I think there is much
in that suggestion, that an objection may be made
to the name, for instance, of Mr. Bayard, when it
i3 called, and then a motion may be made that the
name bo struck from the roll. Wo might leach
the end possibly in this way. Out that would be
by indirection, though it might meet that specific
case; and it seems to me, after the long neglect
and desuetude into which we have allowed the
statute to fall here, that it becomes the Senate in
some more formal way to rehabilitate it. 1 may
be mistaken in that idea, but I content myself with
saying that my single purpose is to secuie the cu-
foiceinentof thestatute. I understand the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin to be in favor of its enforce-
ment. Let him bring forward his proposition for
its enforcement. Let him tell the Senate how in
his opinion that statute which has so long been
neglected in this body may be set upon its feet.
If ho will offer a proposition better than minis 1
shall vote for it; but if he has no proposition to
offer better than mine, 1 think I may claim fiom
the candor and the patriotism of the Senator that
he shall vote for mine.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, one or two
remarks have fallen from the honorable member
ftom Massachusetts that I deem it my duty to
attempt to reply to, mm e especially as they were,
pel haps, not anticipated in the debate in which 1
participated on Thursday.
So far as concerns the very positive manner in
which the honorable member from Massachu-
setts expresses his opinion, I have nothing to say
except that that is a matter of taste. It is, per-
haps, not veiy^oud taste lo be so wedded to his
own opinion as to intimate that any other opinion
isahsuid. It is barely possible that there may
he some two or three members of the Senate who
entertain views diffeient from the honorable mem-
ber froni iMassachusetts, who are just as little
likely to be wrong as the honoiable member from
Massachusetts, and who would be just as ceitam
to see that any proposition was absurd as would
he the case with the honoiable member. I find
no fault with him, however, Mr. President. It
is a Imbit we sometimes indulge in. Sometimes
it is tiie result of vanity, which is not his case, I
am sure. Sometimes it is to ho attiibuted to other
causes. Put whatever may be its origin, the hon-
orable member will permit nit.' to suggest to him
that it is a habit which perhaps it would be better
not to indulge in. It is calculated to provoke ry-
toi t. As far as I am coneei nod, it is certainly not
according to my views of self-i espect; but my aim
is studiously to avoid indulging in anything like
acrimonious debate. I gi\e to each member of the
Senate the right, which is his, of having his own
opinions and of couiteously expressing them in
jiisf as strong language as he may think proper j
to indulge m, but not going beyond the limit of a \
gentlemanly senatoiial couitesy. J have no idea !
| that the Senator fiom Massachusetts thinks he
has transcended, now or at any othci time, beyond
, such a limit; but it is dangerous to indulge in very
I decided observations of that sort, because the tencl-
; eney is to .<>o beyond the proper limit.
j The C'Lintiy if? now m a condition in which it
i has a rioiit to expect beneficial results fiom the
counsels of tins body. The woik before us h a
mighty woik. It involves the continuing exist-
ence of this nation. Upon it hangs, perhaps, the
destiny of our institutions. It is not a time to in-
dulge in personal epithets. It is not a time to seek
to advance party, forgetting country. It is a time
when it becomes us all, and I am sure that such
is the general sense of the Senate, to look exclu-
sively to the inteiest of the country, and to sac-
rifice every other interest that we may have, pres-
ent or future, all our hopes of advancement in the
future, if by doing so we can subserve the wel-
fare of the country intrusted to us in part, and
restore ourselves again to the prosperity and the
power which once belonged to us.
Mr. President, I expressed my opinion on
Thursday last, not dogmatically. I could not do
so without warring against my own feelings. A
different opinion had been expressed by the hon-
orable member from Vermont, [Mr. Collamjqu,]
who addressed the Senate the day before; and I
should have felt that I disgraced myself if I pre-
tended to be dogmatical and discourteous by stat-
ing that my opinion must be right, and that an
opinion sustained by the authority of the gentle-
man to whom I have just referred must necessa-
rily be absurd. But I am bound to act upon my
own opinion, and entertaining it conscientiously,
I am obliged to yield to that conviction instead
of yielding, as 1 should do in a matter which I
had thought to be a question of doubt, to the au-
thority of the honorable member from Vermont.
Now, Mr. President, there are two questions
upon which I have but a single remark or two to
make before ceasing to trouble the Senate at all
in this debate. The first is, whether the act of
July 2, 1862, embraces a Senator. The honora-
ble member from Massachusetts bolsters up, or
seeks to bolster up, his view of that question by
leferring us to the constitutions of the several
States, and the laws of the several States which
have been passed in pursuance of those constitu-
tions—not a legitimate source of argument, as I
think, as far as the particular question is con-
cerned. The question befoie the Senate is, what
is the meaning of the woids "civil officer," as
found in the Constitution of the United States,
with reference to this question ? That must be
ascertained, as I humbly suggest to the honorable
member from Massachusetts, by looking to the
Constitution itself; nor is it to be ascertained by
going to Webster,and conning from Webster the
various significations that he attaches to the par-
ticular word. The interpretation of that woid
is in the Constitution. The Constitution is its
own interpreter, and must be ttsown interpieter,
unless we are willing to run the hazard of being
wiong. The reason why,as Isuppose,and those
who agree with me havesupposed heretofore, that
the words "civil officer" do not embrace a Sen-
ator, ns those words arc used in this act of Con-
giess, is, that a Senator is not an officer under the
Government, butabove the Government; he does
not derive his authority from the Government,
but from the cieators of the Government; his com-
mission comes from his State, and his State issues
the commission to him under the authoiity of the
Constitution, lie is a part of the Government,
and not an officer holding a commission or exer-
cising any authority under the Government m the
sense which this debate involves.
The honoiable member fi om Massachusetts has
appealed to the ancestor of the Senator from Dela-
svaie who is supposed to be more immediately
involved in this question, for the puipose of show-
ing that that very distinguished man, eminent
every way, eminent for learning, eminent for na-
tive ability, and, what is better still, eminent for
an undying and a spotless patriotism, who under
the impulse of that patriotism saved the nation
from convulsions suie to have been the result if
he had not stepped m and by his refusal to vote
succeeded in bunging about the election of Mr.
Jefferson—the Senatoi fiom Massachusetts, with
the industry which distinguishes him, and for
which he is entitled to all possible credit, has re-
ferred us to the speech of that honorable gentle-
man in the case of Blount, he having been one of
the managers of the impeachment, and the Sena-
tor has incorporated into his speech, which will
be published, a considerable portion of the argu-
ment of Air. Bayaul; but it ]s a little extraordi-
nary that it escaped Jus attention that there was
another part of that speech, which so far from af-
firming his own doctiine is directly adverse to it.
The language of tins oath act is: "That hereafter
every person elected or appointed to any office of
honor or profit under the Government of the
