1864.
THE (CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1375
agree with him; but now, at a time when labor
is to be taxed beyond all precedent in this coun-
try, when taxes are to be increased or the Gov-
ernment is to perish, we are called upon here by
the Committee of Ways and Means to pass this
bill and to tax labor, not in behalf of the Govern-
ment, not to aid this Government in its struggle
for life, but in behalf of bankers and capitalists.
Were this bill or any part of it necessary to carry
this Government through this great crisis, I would
not say a word. But I have never deemed it so.
I do not to-day.
I liken this bill, in its efforts to cairy this Gov-
ernment along, to a man-ovcrboard swimming for
life and crying for dry clothes, when everybody
sees that his first business is to get ashore, and
when ashore he may clothe himself as he pleases.
In my judgment, this whole system is as import-
ant in the struggle in which the Government is
engaged as dry clothes to the man struggling in
the water.
-The amendment I propose does not vary the
bill in a vital part. The bill itself is at variance
with the existing law upon the subject, and is en-
tirely in the interest of capital. Capital has been
taxed by our income law, and gentlemen who
have large investments in banks are called upon
to forego three per cent, of their earning1? to sup-
port this Government, and because of that they
come here clamoring about the halls of legisla-
tion, asking the Government to make up the loss
to them by aiding them to tax labor one sixth
more in the shape of interest. I, for'one, protest
against it.
Mr. ALLEY. Mi. Chairman, I rise to oppose
the amendment. If it be voted down I shall pro-
pose the following:
Provided, That no State shall have the right to reduce
the rate ol'mterest below seven percent., as applied to any
institution under tins act. Within the limits of said State.
I think that that will satisfy the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.] I am sure that it will satisfy
his colleague, [Mr. Blaine.] I think that it vir-
tually covers the whole ground that is sought to
be obtained by the provision which the gentleman
has proposed to the committee.
Now, Mr. Chamnan, I do not,believe any good
will result in tinkering a bill in this kind of way,
especially one that has come from a committee so
able, so intelligent, and so careful as the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; and I certainly
wtfUld not offer a proposition of this kind in any
other form than as a matter of compromise, f
think it highly important that we should have a
uniform rate of interest under this bill through-
out the country; and it is perfectly evident that
the committee has agreed in regard to this mat-
ter. I am iu favor of six pei cent. The gentle-
man who reported this bill, my colleague, [Mr.
Hooper,] has declared to this House and the
country th;it he is in favor of six per cent. Why
has he introduced seven per cent, into tins bill as
the rate of interest to be established throughout
the country, when he has declared to the House
and the country that six per cent, is all that cap-
ital ought to receive, and that it is all that the la-
bor of the country can afford to pay ? It is sim-
ply this: because the bill could not be got through
in that form, and the gentleman lias yielded his
convictions on that point to meet the wishes of
gentlemen all around the House. That is the
only reason. He had to surrender his own opin-
ions to harmonize and reconcile all these conflict-
ing interests.
If my provision is inserted in the bill it secures
to New England all she can ask. Itsecuresto her
the privilege of reducing within her own boidets
the rate of interest to six percent. But it requires
additional legislation to effect that. If the State
of Main*-1, where six per cent, is now the legal
rate, wishes that to be the established rate in this
bill, then all she has to do is to enact a law to that
effect, and under my provision only six per cent,
can be taken. So with regard to Massachusetts.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that I did not allude to the
State of Maine. Wc look upon Massachusetts
as a capital State, and we are a labor State with
the other States of the Union.
Mr. ALLEY. Thegentleman knows that from
time immemorial six per cent, has been the rate
•in Massachusetts as well as m Maine. And I
believe it is the opinion of the capitalists of Mas-
sachusetts, almost universally, that six per cent,
is all thpt should be allowed. Now, I say that
those gentlemen who are in favor of the late of
seven per cent,, as is the case with membcis from
New York and many other States of this Union,
ought not to make any objection to a provision
of this kind, because it secures to them every-
thing they can desire, and all the States in New
England, at least where the legal rate is only six
per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I now propose to amend the
amendment by inserting after the words " per an-
num" the words:
Provided, That any State shall have the right to reduce
the rate of niteie-t below ^oven per cent, fta applied to any
institution under this act within the limits oCbueii State.
So that the clause shall read:
Interest at a. late not exceed nig seven per cent, per annum;
Pro ruled, That any State bhall have the right to reduce the
late of interest below seven per cent, a* applied to any in-
stitution under this aet within the limits or such State.
As I indicated in my previous remarks, I pro-
pose thisas a compromise and as a substitute for
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine. If
the gentleman fiom Maine docs not choose to ac-
cept it as such, and it is voted down, it will be to
my mind an indication of a purpose by the House
not to attach any amendment of a similar char-
acter to the bill. That would be entirely satis-
factory to me, Mr. Chairman, because, as I said
before, I believe this bill has been thoroughly ma-
tured by gentlemen abundantly capable of pre-
senting to this House a bill which shall be as
nearly perfect as it can well be made. After list-
ening as they have to all the suggestions, all the
statement?, and all the varying views of gentle-
men representing every interest from eveiy sec-
tion of the country, I think it is fair to conclude
that they have piesented to us the very best bill
they could. While there are some piovisions in
it which do not meet my approbation, and this
provision of allowing seven per cent, interest is
one, I am satisfied, after conversation with those
who framed and presented it, that they have done
the very best they could under the circumstances,
and that, though jt does not in all respects leflect
even their views and opinions, nevertheless, as it
i<3 the best bill which can be obtained, I am in
favor of it as it is, and I would not offer this
amendment were it not,as I stated befoie,forthe
purpose of compiomtsnig a matter which it seems
tome is of constderablAinterest, and which may
hazard the passage ofthe bill. It seems to me that
while it secures to all New England ail she can
rightfully claim, it does not seriously impair or
violate the principle of uniformity sought to be
obtained.
Mr. PIKE. I would inquire of the gentleman
whether his amendment is not open to the objec-
tion that the Legislature of any State might fix the
interest of one of these national banks at five per
cent, when the general interest of the State would
be six per cent. In other words, would it not
enable the Legislature of a State to kill off the
national banks of that State?
Air. ALLEY. I will answer the gentleman
that undei that amendment it would; but Congress
has the remedy in its own hands, because it can
tax these State banks in their circulation to any
extent it chooses.
Mr. P1ICE. Would it not be better to modify
the amendment so as to prevent such a result?
Mr. STEVENS, I think the gentleman from
Massachusetts has not well considered the effect
of his amendment. I know the anxiety of the
gentleman to perfect the maUersatisfactonly,and
indeed if that cannot be effected the great objects
of the bill will be defeated, and the bill had bet-
ter not pass. As the proposed amendment now
stands, I have no doubt the State of Maine, as sug-
gested by the gentleman from Maine, and from
wiiat I see here, would reduce the interest of the
national banks to three per cent., and leave the
State banks as the only banks there. But that is
not the best way to get at this thing.
Mr. GOOCH. If my colleague should modify
his amendment so'as to provide that the rate of
interest for one of these banks should be the panic
as the rate fixed in the State for other bankmg^in-
stitu tions, as the general rate of interest, woulu he
not remedy the defect which he points out?
Mr. STEVENS. That is the proposition .
which has just been voted down, and it cannot be
repeated. I think it has been voted on three times
already. The House may just as well come at
once to the naked proposition. I do not find fault
with anybody who is opposed to this system. It
is one about which men may very well differ in
opinion; but if you are going to allow this sys-
tem to exist at all, I think it should be established
with uniformity. I am not very anxious about
the matter one wayor the other. Let the bill be
killed if the sense of the House is against it and
it is thought better that there should be no such
system; but let us not mar its proportions and
make it very different ftom what it was designed
to be.
I hope, therefore, gentlemen will be content to
take a vote on the proposition. We all under-
stand it well enough. The substitute brings the
question fairly up whether iheie shall be a uni-
form rate of interest. If the Housedecideagainst
it 1 shall be content a-nd shall not complain. It
is not one of those things which we are going to
quarrel with or complain of anybody about, but
let us have a fair vote on the naked proposition.
Mr. ALLEY. I modify my amendment so as
to read as follows:
After the woid "annum," in line five, insert:
Provided, That any State shall have the right to reduce
the rate of interest below seven per cent, as applied to any
institution under this aet within the limits oi such State:
Provided further, The rate of interest f-o established shall
not be leas than the legal rate of into est in said State.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 36,
noes 56.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out the last
word of the amendment. I want simply to state
my understandingof the position of this question.
The House yesterday, on a division by tellers,
incorporated an amendment into this section of
the bill providing that interest shall be at the rates
established by the laws of the States where the
associations are located. I am satisfied that that
is the only proposition that can be carried as
against the Committee of Ways and Means. It
is now incorporated in the section. The substi-
tute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
bring the section back precisely where it stood
yesterday before my amendment was adopted,
with the addition of the great and magnanimous
privilege that the banks may have the liberty of
taking less interest if they are willing to do so-
I suppose that will be a great boon to the banks.
I think the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson]
stated my position very unfairly when he saiu
that I wanted to inflict upon the whole country
the rate of six per cent, because that was the rate
in Maine. Sir, I want to inflict upon the whole
country the light of settling this matter within
State limits, just as the majority in the State may
decide. I have heard a great deal more said upon
this side of the House about not allowing States
to do any thing m the regulation of theirdomestic
affairs than 1 can entirely agree with. I think
that in this matter of currency, before this un-
happy rebellion broke out, the country was get-
ting along very comfortably, and each State was
managing its own affahs in its own way. And
while, perhaps, the veiy seed of all our present
evils was the heresy of State rights, I think agood
many gentlemen here, and foremost among them
the gentleman fiom Iowa, [Mr. Kassom-,] are
running to the opposite end of the pole ana re-
ducing our States to the condition of counties. I
think the States are entirely competent to the
managementof this matter. They have managed
it for seventy or eighty years with marked suc-
cess.
I do not wonder, sir, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] the member of
the Committee of \Vay3 and Means who reported
tins bill, sticks so strenuously to this provision
of the bill. He represents adistrict of capitalists.
There is not a poor man in it. A poor man has
no business there, and could not afford to live
there. [Laughter.] But I say that representing,
as i do, an agricultural and manufacturing district
in the State of Maine, I should be ashamed to go
home and look them in the face if by my vote they
should be requiud hereaftej, if they desire to bor-
row a dollar, to pay one sixth mote to the capital-
ists who live in my fiiend *s district than they have
ever been called upon to pay before; and cveiy
