1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL.aLOBEr
A joint resolution (H. K No. 68) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to release certain
parties from liabilities or payment of duties and
penaJties therein mentioned-;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 101) to provide
for the publication of a full Army Register; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. Ill) authorizing
the Secretary of the interior to reclaim and pre-
, serve certain property of the United States.'
t' BUREAU OF FUEEDMEN'S AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H.R. No.
51) to establish a Bureau of Freed men's Affairs;
the pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Trumbull to insert as an additional section:
•And he it fui Cher enacted) That tjie last clause of a "joint
resolution explanatory of <An act to suppress insurrection,
to punish tieason and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the
property of rebels, and for other purposes,'   approved July
17, 1862, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Conness,
Foot, Grime*, Hale, Harlan, Harris, FTowo, Lnrie of Indi-
ana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—23.
NAY3—Messrs. Carlile, Clark, OoHamer, Cowan, Davis,
DoolUtle, Henderson, Uendiicks. Hicks, McDougall, Pow-
ell, Kiddle, Saubbuiy, Ten Eyck, and Witluy—15,
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalaw, Dixon, F«-«.sendeii, Fos-
ter, Harding, Howard, Johnson, Nesmith, Ramsey. Rich-
ardson, and Wright—11,
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 offer the following amend-
ment to be added as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner, as-
sistant commissioner:?, local su[>ciintendent«, clerks, and
other employes of the United States, or any one of them,
under the provisions of thus act, shall not be intoested
either directly or indirectlymthe pioceedsoi any propeity
occupied, possessed, or cultivated under the provisions of
this act, other than as the agent or agent* of the United
States; and should any such person appropriate to his own
use any sueti pioprity,oi the proceed- ot the sale or rent
of any such propeity, orany properly or means derived from
the cultivation theieof, he s-hall be guilty of a uiUdcmean-
oi, and upon conviction thereof shall be punished by fine
not exceeding $10,000, or by impugnment for a period
not longer than ten years, or by both sueh fine and impris-
onment, and shall b« toiever disqualified from holding of-
fice uiuiei the Government of the United routes,.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand that
that section provides befoie what court he is to be
tried. I have prepared an amendment bearing
very much on the same subject, and I will read it;
perhaps there may be in some portions of the
section I have drawn a more definite statement
of how he is to be tried.
Mr. SUMNER. The words " before any
court of competent jurisdtction"mightbeudded.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In all those States where
we are going to send these officers, or in several
of them, at all events, there are no civil tribunals;
theie is nothing there but the tribunals which are
established by the war power. I will read the
section which I had drawn:
•AnAbc itfwither enacted, That all assistant commission-
ers, local superintendents, and clerks, as well as the su-
pervising special agents appointed within the States within
which the m-ui n-uion exists and the authority of the civil
*ribu' als i:> overthiown,shall be sofar deemed to bo in the
military service of the United States a<* to be liable to trial
by courts-martial, to be ordered by the commanding gen-
eral of the milit.uy depaitment within which they aet
as such assistant commissioner, local superintendents,
elerks, or supervising special agents; and lor all offences
amounting to a felony, for any act of embezzlement oi will-
ful misappropriation of public or private property,fur any
willful act of oppression of any lieeman or of any loval in-
habitant, for any act of taking or receiving, d.reetly oi indi-
rectly, any money or thing of value for any act*done or
omitted by them in their official capacity, or tor being in
any manner interest d m any purchases of cotton, tobacco,
sugar, or any other aiticle produced upon any lands leased
or woikod under the piovisions of this aer, or in em ryinj*
on any btHines-?, or in being in any mannei, directly or in-
dnectly, interested m-any business earned on under the
supervision of the officers appointed under this act, or lor
any other willful and gro.<s violation of their official duties.,
upon couvielion thereof, shall be subject to punishment by
hue not exceeding $10,000, or imprisonment at nard laboi .
for u period not exceeding five years, or by both such fine
andimpiisomnent.
Tins provides for the trial of these officers,
where the civil tnbunalsarooverthrown,by couris-
martiai. If you do not piovide for this by courts-
martial they are subject to no trial, and these
men would go there really irresponsible, with such
immense powers in their hands that I fear the
temptations would be too strong for human na-
tuie, and they would be almost like an army of
robbers, oppressing the freedmen and trampling
on the loyal people at the same time; and therefore
I agree entirely m the spirit of the amendment
offered by my friend from Iowa. I have drawn
this.up with a view to make them triable by
courtsrmariial in those places where the civil au-
thorities are overthrown. :
Mr. WILSON. 1 suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin to make a slight modification so as to
say " court-martial, or military commission."
Military commissions generally try such cases.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. To that I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. CONNESS; I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Wisconsin to some portion
of the language in the latter part of hie amend-
ment. Itsays, "any willful or gross violation."
The term "or gross" cannot be defined legally
very easily, I apprehend, and a tribunal would
have to determine whether an act was a gross
act; otherwise there could be no punishment. It
is enough to say "for any willful violation of
duly."
Mr. SUMNER. I was aboutto make the same
suggestion to the Senator from Wisconsin. Then
I would/suggest to my friend from Iowa to ac-
cept the proposition of the Senator from Wis-
consin as a substitute for his. They ate both in
the same sense; they have the same idea; they
look the same way; only the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin is more elaborate and
careful.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to the
suggestion of gentlemen to let the language stand
simply "willful violation of their official duties."
Mr. HAUL AN. I inquire of the Senator from
Wisconsin if the phraseology that he has pro-
posed is applicable to any other country than that
wheie the civil tribunals have been overthrown.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose it would not
be. It would not make them triable by court-
martial anywhere else.
Mr. HARLAN. It seems to me it ought to
embrace ailpaities appointed under the authority
of this act, whether in places where the civil au-
thority is restored or not. it may be desirable
to restore civil authority for the very purpose of
trying them.
Mr. DOOLtTTLE. It might be well to have
an additional clause or section stating that where
the civil authorities are not overthi own they shall
there be liable to be tried on indictment, and on
conviction punished.
Mr. HARLAN. At the suggestion of the
chuirman of the committee who has this bill in
charge, I withdraw my proposed amendment to
enable the Senator from Wisconsin to offer his.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I offer mine.
Mr. fiAHLAN. Let it be .lead as it now
stands.
The Secretary read, aa follows:
•And be it furthei cnacted, That all assistant commission-
ers, loeal superintendents,and clerks as well as the super-
vising speeial agents appointed within the States within
which the insurrection exists, and the authority of the
civil tribunals is overthrown, shall be so far deemed to he
in the military service of the United States as to be liable
to trial by eourts-mai tiai oi military cmmm-bions to he or-
deied by the commanding genei.il of the mihtaiy dcpuit-
ment within which they aetii&such assistant commission-
ers, local superintendents clerks, or supervising special
agents ; and for all offenses amounting to a felony, lor any
aet of embezzlement or Willi ul misappiopruuion of public
or puvate property, for any willful act ot oppression of any
freedmiin or of any loyal inhabitant, for any act of taking
or receiving dueeily or mdueotly any money or thing ot
value tor any aet done or omitted by them in then official
capacity, or loi being in any manner interested in any pur-
chase oi cotton, tobacco. *ugar, or any other aracle pro-
duced upon any lands lease-d" or worked' under the. piovis-
ions of this act. or in eairying on any business, or in being
in any manner directly or indirectly in anv business car-
lied on under the superintendence of the officer- appointed
under thi- act, or for any other willful violation of their
official duties, 'upon conviction theieof shall bo subject to
punishment by tine not exceeding si0.000, m imprisonment
at hard laboi tor a puiod noi exceeding five yoars^ or by
both such Sine and imprisonment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I sympathize with the
general purpose of this amendment; I think there
should .be some guard like it in the bill, but I
cannot vote for the proposition of the Senator
from Wisconsin, for I do not think a vote of
Congress makes a man a part of the military or
naval service of the United States when m fact
ho is not. A man 13 appointed under this law to
go dpwn South and take charge of some of the
propeity of the Government; he is notjin the j!
Army, and we cannot put him there by our vote. ;j
It is suggested to me Uy a Senator? for whose it
opinion I haye great respect/that by a declaiation
of Congress he may be regarded as a part of the
military service with a view to punishment; ;but'
the Constitution provides that <>f a
crime shall be tried by a jufy, unless for offe se,s
committed lh the military and naval service of
the United States. Now, it is,a question of fact,
will these officers of necessity bo a part of the
military or naval service?'
Mr. GRIMES, Suppose we put them under
the Secretary of War instead of the Secretary
of,the Treasury?,
_ Mr„ H END RJ CKS. , It is in fact placed under
the charge, of the Treasury Department.
Mr. WILSON. That is the frame of the bill
now; but I intend to offer,an amendment to put
this bureau under the War Depaitment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I intended to allude to that
as a matter of illustration, but. it really does not
affect my judgmentaboutthe question. Whether
these officers shall respond to the War Depart-
ment or to the Treasury Department does riot
really change the character of their office and.the
nature of the duties imposed on them by the law.
Are they military officers? Do they discharge
military duty ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to suggest to
the Senator from Indiana that this whole bill is,a
kind of war mcasuie, a war necessity. If peace
existed in these States, if there were no insurrec-
tion in these States, no one pretends or could pre-
tend th$t we could exercise any such power,
either"over the people of these States or over the
property within these States. It is of necessity-
temporary in its character. When peace comes
and the States arc restored, the States will as-
sume jui isdiction over their own people and over
their own property as a matter of course. But
this is a temporary measure growing out of the
war necessities, and the Senator will see that I
have carefully confined the trial by courts-martial
to those very districts where -the war exists,
where the civil tribunals are overthrown, and
where there is an absolute necessity, if we do not
want to have these men go without any respons-
ibility, to be like a band of robbers almost, to
prey both upon the freedmen who are put under
their superintendence and upon the loyal people
of that country, t|iat we should establish a tribu-
nal which shall hold them responsible; and they
are engaged in the military service to thatextent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think, indeed, the evils
that the Senator so forcibly describes ought to
be prevented; and it is because of those evils that
f am going to vote against this bill, among other
reasons. But to avoid one evil I am not willing-
to run agdiosl the provisions of the Constitution
as I understand it. I think these officers are likely
to go down into that e.ountry and become a set of
public plunderers; I believe that is probably to be
the result; and I have never seen a law framed
under which there could be such outrages and
plundering, in my judgment, as this bill will pro-
duce m the legion of country in which it is to be
put in operation. Although I desire to see accom-
plished what the Senator from Wisconsin desires,
and to check and prevent this evil as far as possi-
ble, still I am not willing by a law to say that a
man is part of the Army or part of the Navy,
when in fact he is not. These men are not in the
Army; they are not responsible to military au-
thority; no military officer can command them.
The duties they discharge are not of a military
chaiacter. The duties they discharge are in rela-
tion to a particular class of people not in the Army,
and in relation to the property of theGovernment.
This ccitainly does not constitute them officers
or privates in the Army, or in any way connected
with the Army. The fact that it is temporary
makes no difference. The question is, are they
military officers, are they connected with the
Army, are they in the military or naval service?
If not, how can you punish them by court-mar-
tial?
Mr. WILSONS I think the Senator from In-
diana is certainly mistaken. In 1806, when Con-
gress enaeted the Articles of War, in Mr. Jefter-
son's Administration, they provided by the fifty-
sixth and fifty-3o\enth articles for trying' by
com t-mai tial and punishment any person in the
United States for doing certain things. The Sen-
ator and myself are liable to be tried by court-
martial if we do certain things, and that under
the huvs of the country made nearly sixty years
