2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
amendment to the amendment, there were, on a
division—ayes 6, noes 10; no quotum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us have the vote again.
I think there rs a quorum present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question again.
The question being again_put, there were, on a
division—ayes 10, noes 14; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it isnottoo late, as the
vote seems to be an index of the feeling of the
Senate, J will withdraw my amendment and move
to insert a different limitation.
ThePRESlDENT pro tempore. It may be with-
drawn by unanimous consent; but still the vote
shows no quorum voting, and no business can be
done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object was to avoid
the difficulty. Having withdrawn the motion, 1
supposed no record would be made of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. That will show whether we
have a quorum.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, JBuck.ilew, Dixon, Fostrr,
Halo, Harlan, Harris, Johnson, Moirill, Nesmith, Powell,
Richardson. Sherman, Spiague, Ten Kyck, Trumbull, and
Wade—17.
NAYS — Messrs. Clark, Collnmer, Connoss, Cowan,
Grimes, Uenderson, Hvndiicks, Howard, Howe, Moigan,
Ponieroy. Ramsey,Salisbury,Sumner, and Wilkinson—15.
ABSENT—Me^rs. Dtovvu, C.ulilc, Chandler, Davis,
Doolitth', Fessendcn, Foot, Hardin?, [licks, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kaunas McDougall, kiddie, Van Winkle.
Willey, Wilson, and Wright--17.
So dm amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr, TRUMBULL. It will be necessary to
strike out the words in the sixty-second line on
the 4th page, and down to the close of the sixty-
third lino, to conform to the amendment just
made. The words proposed to be stricken out
are," nothowever to exceed in amountto any one
person the above limitation of two thousand
shares."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SUMNER. Will it be in order now to move
another sum, for instance ten thousand shares?
It seems to me ad visa hie that there should be some
limitation. My reason foritisprccisely this: we
are all familiar with the way in which railroads
are taken by banking-houses even in our own
country, but constantly for many years in Eu-
rope. If a Government wishes to raise, say
$20,000,000, or twice that sum, it does it through
a single banker. The great house of Rothschild,
which has representatives in every capital of Eu-
rope, at any day could take this whole road.
Thon we need not go to a house like Rothschild,
the enormous wealth of which is peifectly well
known, but take a great many other largo bank-
ing-houses of Europe; take the banking-house
which does the largest amount of American busi-
ness, the house of Barings & Co. It was only
yesterday I was reading a sketch of the life of the
recent head of that house, who died, and it was
stated that the first great operation which brought
him as a banker before the public was his sup-
plying very promptly twenty-eight million francs
to the French Government aftei the battle of Wa-
terloo. In the year 1818, at a sudden contingency,
he very promptly supplied that large sum, twen-
ty-eight million francs, whicl^ would be between
five and six million dollars. I refer to that as an
illustration of the capacity of these laigc houses to
deal with large sums, and I submit it as a practi-
cal question whether we shall leave our bill in
such a condition that one or more of them may
take up the whole stock. I do not know that it
is advisable to put any restnetion upon them, but
the committee that reported the bill stnited with
the idea that there should be a restriction, and I
understood that the Senator from Illinois even
thought that a restriction to the amount of
$1,000,000 would not be out of the way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there will be no
practical difficulty about that. I have no partic-
ular objection to having it fixed at §1,000,000; but
I thought it as well to leave out the limitation. I
do not think there is any sort of danger of any-
body monopolizing this road. I suppose the dif-
ficulty will be to get the stock taken.
Mr. SUMjNTER. I have not considered the
question of danger. I rather assumed that the
committee had looked into that matter, that they
thought it was important that there should be a
restriction of some kind or other, and the ques-
tion was as to the extent of that restriction. The
extent of that restriction is to be determined by
the experience of history in such cases of busi-
ness; and we know that the large banking-houses
of the world almost at a moment's warning may
bring together large sums so as to take up the
debt for a corporation or stock to almost any
amount. I would propose the amount of ten
thousand shares or $1,000,000 as a limitation.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator's amendment
would be a restoration of the clause stricken out
with this simple alteration, that the words u two
thousand shares" should be changed to "ten
thousand shares."
Mr. CONNESS. The Senate has just by a
vote stricken out the language that is proposed to
be reinserted; and I therefore suggest that the pre-
ferable course would be to reconsider the last vote,
and then substitute the amount now proposed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no trouble about
that. This is a different proposition. We have
struck out certain words, and now the Senator
from Massachusetts proposes to insert not the
identical words stricken out—that would not be
in order—but the words stricken out with a ma-
terial alteration, changing "two thousand" to
" ten thousand," which is entirely a different
proposition.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the great mistake the
Senate has committed was in adopting the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois; but it may be
remedied perhaps in some degree by now adopt-
ing the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts. Nobody pretends that anyone
man is going to invest $100,000,000 in the capital
of this company; nobody has got that money to
invest; but we have created a perfect monopoly
by the bill as it stands now, and allowed anybody
to subscribe $100,000,000. The directors who
are named in this company, I do not know who
they are, and those who may get control of it
may subscribe in the name of five or six men,
enough to constitute the board of directors, the
whole amountofcapital,say $100,000,000. They
may not propose to invest a dollar in it them-
selves, but to employ themselves during thenext
few months, or the length of time that may be al-
lowed by the law, in making negotiations, sub-
setting the stock to Tom, Dick, and Harry in this
country and in Europe, and whatever they may
be able to sell they will of coursc make a large
profit upon. Thus you may put into the hands
of men who may not pay in one dollar the entire
.control of your Pacific Railroad Company.
The argument which the Senator from Illinois
urged in favor of the adoption of his amendment
was that various railroad companies would want
to invest in the stock of this company. The an-
swer to that is that none of those railroad com-
panies can invest in it unless they have a special
act of the Legislature authorizing them to uo so,
and if they do invest they can invest in the name
of the directors of the company, in trust for the
benefit of the company of which they are direct-
ors. That is done every day now by railroad com-
panies. There are railroads built in the Senator's
own State and in mine in which railroad compa-
nies in New Yoik and Michigan and the East are
very heavily interested, not ostensibly in the name
of the companies, but through the directors and
agents of the companies who hold stock in trust
for the benefit of the companies of which theyare
directors or agents. Why not let that be done m
this case? 1 think—I am not authorized to move
it because I voted against the proposition—that
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois ought
to be reconsidered, and we ought to limit this
amount so that it shall not exceed $200,000 in any
one person.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts proposes toamend the amend-
ment in section one, line thirty-two, by inserting
after the word " act" the following words:
And ten thousand pharos shall bo the greatest amount
which any one poison may hereafter subscribe for or hold
at any time, or tor w Inch certificates ot share? shall in any
case be issued or recognized by >aid company.
Mr. SUMNER. I am inclined to think that
the Senator from Iowa proposes too great a re-
striction when he proposes $200,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not propose anything.
I am going to vote for your amendment if I can-
not get anything better.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Senator argues in
favor of a restriction of $200,000. It seems to
me that that is too great a restriction.
Mr. GRIMES. Suppose that under the Sen-
ator's amendment one hundred persons should
subscribe a million each: there is the whole of
the stock taken. I do not know how many di-
rectors you have got; but it would be very easy
for the directors and their immediate friends to
obtain the entire control of the road if they are
allowed to subscribe a million each.
Mr. SUMNER. At the suggestion of friends,
the motion being entirely within my own power,
I will change " ten" to " five," so that it will
read:
And five thousand shares shall be the greatest amount
which any one person may heieafter subscribe for or hold
at any time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment will be so modified.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to call the attention
of Senators to one provision in this same section.
In order to prevent any person subscribing for a
very large amount, it provides that he shall pay
when he subscribes ten per cent, of his subscrip-
tion, and in the second place it provides that he
shall be assessed five per cent, every six months
until the whole of the capital stock is paid in.
This is a new provision, one that I never saw be-
fore in any charter for any incorporation. The
subject of assessing the stock is always left in the
hands of the board of directors, and they assess
it at their pleasure. They assess more, or they
assess less, or they do not assess at all and build
the road on the bonds; but this amendment obliges
the board to assessfive per cent, every six months
until the whole par value of the stock is paid in.
If that proviso is allowed to remain, I desire to
have the word " shall" changed to " may," so
that the board of directors may do it, not thatthey
shall do it; because if you say they shall do it
they have got no discretion about it, and they
must assess this amount, whether they want the
money or not.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator that
it would be useless to insert the word " may,"
because they may do it without putting that in.
Mr. POMEROY. Then strike out the whole
clause; but to oblige the board to assess five per
cent, every six months until the whole par value
of the stock is paid in is a provision unheard of
before this.
Mr. CONNESS. Thatis notthe question now.
Mr. POMEROY. I know that is not theques-
tion now before the Senate; but that is a reason
why, as the bill now stands, nobody will sub-
scribe for any large amount of this stock.
Mr. COLLAMER. The objection that I un-
derstand to aiise to this measure without this
limitation is that a few men may subscribe the
whole amount of stock, if we fix no limitation,
and obtain control of this road. It is said there
is no danger of their having control, because ten
per cent, on the capital stock is to be paid in when
they subscribe; but if they obtain possession of
the road, it is a matter entirely within their con-
trol as to what they will pay that ten percent, in.
They may give their notes in their own way, as
they will have control of it, or take their money
back again after they have paid it in. Whenever
you allow a few men to obtain control in that
way, the provision requiring the payment often
per cent, of the subscription is no check upon
them, because that is as much in their control as
the rest of it. It seems to me, therefore, there
should be some limitation as to the amount al-
lowed to be subscribed by any one person.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
Vermont is mistaken in tegard to that. The bill
provides that a ceitain amount must be paid in,
and we have Government directors, according to
the terms of the bill, to see that the provisions of
the law are executed.
Mr. COLLAMER, We do not have a majority
of the directors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We do not have a ma- ■
jonty, but we have directors whose duty it is to
report to the Government. lam not for legislating
upon the principle that everybody is dishonest
and corrupt. I suppose we warn to pass a bill
that the capitalists of the country will be willing
to take hold of and invest their capital in the con-
struction of this road. What we desire is the
construction of the Pacific railroad. The Sen-
