§328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28.
ago. By the fifty-sixth Articleof War it is pro-
vided:
" Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money, vict-
uals, oramirmmtioru or shall knowingly harbor or protect
an enemy, shall suffer death or such other punishment as
dial! be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial."
The langnogeincludesevery man,'woman, and
child in the United States who docs that act. The
fifty-seventh Article of War is:
" Whosoever shall be convicted of folding correspond-
ence with or giving intelligence to the enemy, either di-
rectly or indircetly, shall suffer death or such other punish-
ment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial."
The Thirty-Seventh Congress provided that
spies who before were tried by court-martial
should be tried by military commission, and that
the sentence might be executed byageneral in the
field without going to the President for approval.
A general in the field may take up any person he
chooses to consider as a spy, try him before a
military commission,prove him to be a spy, and
execute him without appealing; to the President.
By a law of the same Congress every contractor
in the Army and Navy of the United States is
considered for the purposes of punishment as in
the military or naval service, and may be tried
and punished by court-martial*, and there is no
power in the country to revise it or correct it.
We are trying and executing men nearly every
day under these laws. The man who rode up
to the ambulance in which General McCook was
lying very sick and murdered him, has been tried
and convicted and condemned to suffer death, al-
though he afterwards joined the rebel service, but
has since been taken prisoner. We are trying
guerrillas and punishing them, in fact in the rebel
country in our possession there is nothing else
but military law administered by courts-martial
and military commissions. They are trying peo-
ple everywhere there and punishing them in all
■forms except death, imprisoning them, fining
them, and there is no court in this country that
can set nftido their action.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Indiana
will allow me to call his attention to the precise
woids of one of the statutes to which my col-
league has referred he will see, I think, that
 hoi a is a precedent for the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin. I refer to the act of
Congress approved July 17, 1862, the sixteenth
section, relating to the punishment ofcontractors:
"TtMt whenever any contractor for subsistence, eloth-
ln«*. iiruv, ammunition, munition:* of war, and for oveiy
de-ienpuon ot supplier for Uh* Auny oi Navv of the United
tft.ttes, t-ha!l be iouud guilty by a ootut-jnaitial of fraud or
wSHful wsjlocl of duty, he shall be punished by line, im-
piisonmenf, or such other punishment as the couit-martial
shnll adjudge."
Mr. HENDRICKS. When I rose before I
intended merely to suggest the objection which I
knew would be appreciated at once whether there
was force in it or not, and now I desire to say
just one word in addition. I do not think the
Articles of War to which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] has called the attention
of the Senate furnish a precedent in favor of the
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin. Those
articles provide for cases where men actuollyen-
gfige in war and become a party to the war, not
in the Army of the Uniteu States directly, but
being traitors furnish by overt acta aid to the en-
emy. The other statute of ly62 which declares
contractors a part of the Army and the Navy as
they may bo furnishing supplies I had occasion
to oxannne in a trial before a military commis-
sion last fall, and I then had some doubt about
the constitutionality of that provision. But there
is a reason why a contractor may be regarded as
part of the Army or Navy that would not apply
to these officers, and that is that by their own net,
afiei the passage of the law, they go on to furnish
the Army with its supplies, and they a^ree to be
a pait of the Army by accepting aconttact after
that time, and going on to furnish the Army itself.
Mr. GIMMES. Do not these men?
Ivli. HENDRICKS. Yes, but the duties are
different. The one furnishes the Army; he is to
some extent a quartet master. Suppose, a quar-
ter master went outand in market overt purchased
supplies lor the Army, he is a pact of the Army.
A person without being; actually appointed does
ihe same duties, His duties are military in their
character.
Mr. GRIMES. The quartermaster wasa non-
combatant, nod he was not nrnde amenable to
military law until fh" act of ItflS.
Miv BTJCKALEW. lie is as much acombat-
ant as a drummer.
Mr. GRIMES. He is a non-combatant and
not regarded as a combatant in the Army, and
was not made amenable to military law until
1812. Neither quartermasters nor commissaries
were, and then were made so only by special act
of Congress. But when a man accepted his com-
mission under a law which made him amenable
to the military law there was a perfect under-
standing, and there was no injustice done to
him and no injustice to the Government. I do
not see any distinction between a quartermaster
who is to act under the direction of the Secretary
of War and these commissioners who are to act
under the Secretary of War, if we change this
bill from the Secretary of the Treasury'to the
Secretary of War.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Iowa two cases. Under the act of
1862 a contractor agrees to furnish to the Army
suitable supplies and provisions. Instead of do-
ing so he furnishes horses that are not fit for the
service, or supplies that are not fit for the men.
Here is a violation of his contract, and not only
a violation of his contract but a violation of his
duty as defined by the law. He is furnishing the
Army, directly m the public service, m direct
connection with the Army. He is tried under a
military commission for that offense, because in
his direct and immediate connection with the
Army he has not done his duty. But suppose
that under this act one of these officers m the
southern States takes possession of a piece of
land that belongs to the Government and he has
it cultivated and receives from the proceeds of
that land §1,000, it is his duty to accountfor that
money to the Treasury. He fails to do so. It
is the receipt of money from Government prop-
erty which he ought to pay into the Treasury and
he fails to do it, and you propose for that which
is in no sense military to try him in a military
court. It seems to me there is a very broad dis-
tinction in the two cases.
.Mr. GRIMES. Suppose on the other hand
that this commissioner or this agent who is act-
ing under the authority of the Secretary of War
is directed to work a thousand hands to accom-
plish a specific purpose in aid of the Army by
the direction of the Secretary of War, who is the
chief both of the agent, of the commissioner, and
of the Army; he fails to obey that military order
that he received from hissuperior,the commander-
in-chief: ought he not to be amenable to military
law?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think not, unless he is
connected with the Army, or his duties are of a
military character.
Mr. GRIMES. We choose to connect him
with the Army, and he accepts his commission «s
an attache of the Auny. We connect him with
the Army if we see fit to change this bill to that
effect. We connect him with the Army because
we authorize him, under one of the provisions of
this hill, to call the Army to his assistance when-
ever it may be nccessary, because we believe that
the Army may under some circumstances be ne-
cessary to protect these officers and the men under
them, and because we believe that under some
circumstances these commissioners and the men
who are laboring under them may be of advant-
age to the Army. Such a thing may occur as to
require all of the men who may be working upon
these estates to be taken into the public service
and used as soldiers for the time being. Now,
should not the commission who has the general
superintendence of these workmen whom under
some circumstances it may be necessary to con-
vert into soldiers, be held responsible to the War
Department for the fulfillment of the order of the
War Department to that effect? It seems to me
he should. There cannot beany injustice about
it. The men take their ofHces with the distinct
understanding that they are to be responsible to
the Rules and Articles of War. Where is the
Wong, where is the hardship?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not want the Sen-
ator to tlunklputitupon the ground of hardship.
I do not put it on that ground. It is entirely a
constitutional ground that troubles me.
Mr. DAVIS. The Constitution establishes this
distinct, broad, deeply founded principle: that a
civilian under no state of case is to be put on trial
for any offense by a court-martial and by martial
law. I am opposed to this amendment because
it violates, in my judgment, that great and essen-
tial principle of liberty. I approve heartily of the
spirit in which this amendment has been drawn
up by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
It is a laudable and proper purpose, I have no
doubt, that has prompted him with so much care
and particularity to prepare this amendment. My
only regret is that 1 have not the power accord-
ing to my judgment to vote for it. If I had I
would vote for it with alacrity and with a great
deal of pleasure. I have no doubt that that sys-
tem ofthievingand plunderingand robbing which
he expects the men that will be engaged in the
execution of this freedmen's bill will indulge in
in the South will be more than realized; and I
only regret that summary,condign, and perfectly
legal and legitimate punishment cannot be brought
to bear on them at once to make them signal ex-
amples of the iniquity of their acts and of their
crimes. But in my disposition to have such in-
famous characters brought to punishment I never
will consent to vote for a measure that in my
opinion would infract the Constitution, as 1 be-
lieve this would.
The Constitution provides that " no person
shall be held to answer for a capital or otherwise
infamous crime, unless on a presentment or in-
dictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising
in the land or naval forces." For any man to be
subjected to a military court, to trial by martial
law, and to military punishment, and to be ab-
stracted from trial and sentence and punishment
under the civil courts, he must belong to the mil-
itary or naval forces, or he must be of the militia
of a State m the actual service of the United States.
The question is simply this, in relation to every
man or class of men who would be embraced by
this or any similar provision, is he a part of the
military or naval forces of the United States, or
is he a part of the militia of any State in the ser-
vice of the United States? If you answer this
question in the affirmative you make him subject
to military tribunals. If you answer it in the
negative, you cannot subject him to such courts
and such trial by martial law without a flagrant
and most mischievous infraction of the Consti-
tution.
Now, sir, there are two codes that bear upon
this subject under our form of government. The
first is the Constitution and the civil laws passed
under its authority; the other is the Jaw of na-
tions applicable to military affairs and military
courts so far as they are adopted by our Consti-
tution. So fu- as this branch of national law in-
fringes or is in conflict with our Constitution it
falls and has no effect whatever. But there are
ct itciin classes of meu that may be punished by
; courts-martial under the military law of nations,
spies for instance, or persons giving information
to the enemy; they may be punished by courts-
martial, because the branch of national law regu-
lating military affairs authorizes all such descrip-
tions of persons to bepunished by courts-martial.
But, sir, all the persons who are excluded by the
provisions of the Constitution which 1 have read
from trial by courts-martial and by military law,
cannot by any legislation of Congress be subjected
to such tribunals and to such law. You must
clearly, indisputably bring every man that you
subject to trial before a military court within the
description of persona that belong to the military
or naval forces or the militia of a State in the ser-
vice of the United States before you can make him
amenable m the least degree to military law and
military courts.
For these reasons, although I applaud the ob-
ject and the spirit of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin in presenting this amendment, and
although I would feel so entirely willing to give
him all the aid which my opinion of the latitude
that would be allowed by the Constitution would
authorize me to give, I feel myself imperatively
restrained from voting for this amendment by thi.^
dircct provision of the Constitution.
Mr, WILLEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin whether in some other
section of the bill a provision cannot be inserted
making this Commissioner and his subordinates
m point of fact a part of the military service of
the country. There seems to me to be very
great force"in the opinion which the honorable
Senator from Kentucky has urged, as well as the
honorable Senator from Indiana; but in pom* of
