THTu COFGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 81.
• gentleman from New England who represent an
agricultural and manufacturing district will be
held to the same accountability.
Now, if the-committee will vote down the
amendment offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, we'will stand just
where we stood yesterday, leaving each State to
regulate this thing just as it pleases. In Maine we
have already regulated it, fixing it at six percent.
In New York it is seven per cent. And we have'
had very large commercial connections with New
York, and got along very comfortably and very
prosperously to both. Let New York have her
seven per cent. Let Maine have her six percent.
And if California wants her two per cent, per
month let her have it.
Mr. KA.SSON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say
but a single word more; and that not because of
any added argument by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] but because I had not fin-
ished what I had to say when my five minutes
expired before. I wish to call attention to the re-
markable logic on which the gentleman first pro-
ceeded, announcing a plethora of money in the
State of Maine to-day, and arguing from that
plethora of money that the rate of interest would
• be increased by virtue of this act. Sir, you can-
not legislate an abundance of legal money into
any State. The rate of interest,subject to the gen-
eral maxims resting on political morality, is de-
pendent on the abundance of money, w hy is it
that we of the West to-day find capital concen-
trated in New Ygrk? Because capital goes whore
it can be besfplaccd. When capital realizes seven
per cent, in New York and only six per cent, in
Iowa, it will stay in New York.
You cannot get a uniformity of system from
the complex systems existing to-day under the
various laws of the several Slates. You must
equalize the thing. I cannot get for my fcJtute
everything that I want to secure for it under this
bill. I do not ask that everything that I want
shall be given to my State. Hut I ask gentlemen
on each side of the House, those representing two
per cent, a month and those representing six per
cent, per annum, to yield something for the great
purpose of uniform currency contemplated by
the Constitution and sought for by the fathers of
the Government. To-day there are thousands
and hundreds of thousands of dollars to which
the people of my part of the country are subjected
annually in the way of shaving these miscellane-
ous bunk notes that come theie all the way fioni
Maine to Louisiana. These notes are brought
oat there, and in oiUer to <ret them back to where
they belong they have to oe sold to bankers end
brokers. What we want is uniform currency,
that will be as good in Iowa as it will be m Maine,
and as good m Maine as it will be in Iowa.
I earnestly hope that gentlemen will either vote
against the Gill as being opposed to the system of
bunking—as suggested by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens]—or
that they will favor the 'bill as being as perfect
and uniform as possible, that wc may at last se-
cure for this country a system of currency, as
long as we shall have paper money, that will be
of equal value all over the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAINE withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. DlllGGS. I renew the amendment to the
amendment. I want to inquire whether, by the
action of the committee yesterday, an amendment
was not adopted pYoviding that the rates of inter-
est shall be regulated by the States. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoi.manJ afterwards
offered an amendment imposing penalties for the
oxaetion ot a larger rate ot interest than that es-
tablished under the previous action of the com-
mittee, sixpei cent. That amendment was adopt-
ed. Now, it strikes me that we are committm®*
the singular absurdity of having first decided that
the rate of interest shall be that established by
the State, and afterwards attached penalties to
the charging of more than six per cent. Now,
•we propose to introduce some additional legisla-
tion. That is the way the matter stands, if I am
correct.
I do hope from all the arguments made that the
States will be left to regulate that themselves. In
the State ofMiehigan where I live we cannot ac-
cumulate in our banks as large amounts of depos-
its as in the older States; and the banks cannot
afford to lend money quite as cheaply as it can be
lent by the banks of New York, Boston, and
Cincinnati. I know instead of helping the poor
man it would be crushing him to the earth to say
that he should not hire money at a rate exceeding
seven per cent, when his interest is to be affected
by it, to be judged of by himself. I hope it wilt
be decided Ijy the House to be left to be regulated
by the States. Are gentlemen afraid to trust the
Legislatures of their States? As was well remarked
by my friend from Maine, [Mr. Blaine,] we have
gotalong well enough for sixty or seventy years,
and I hope that it will commend itself to the good
sense of the House to leave it to the State Legis-
latures to regulate this matter.
Mr. PIKE. I want to say one word on the
question of a uniform currency. We have now
a perfectly uniform currency. It is so uniform
that a trader in my State said: " What is the use
of having yourgold dollar? Itisuponeday and
down the next. Why nottakegreenbacks, which
are the same every day everywhere?" How,
sir, can you have.a more uniform currency than
that? What is the proposition? It is to diivc
that uniform currency out, and substitute for it
$300,000,000 of currency of local banks. Have
you any belief that that will give a uniform cur-
rency ? Who will say that a bank bill issued by a
bank in Colorado territory, and redeemable at
St. Louis, will pass in New York at par? 'Does
anyone say that ? Will a bill oft ho First National
Bank of Idaho, redeemable in San Francisco, pass
in Philadelphia without discount? Nobody be-
lieves it; and yet this is the currency you will
establish by this bill, and you call it a uniform
currency. You will drive out the constitutional
currency which we have established here to the
extent of $430,000,000, upon which the Govern-
ment does not pay one dollar of interest, for the
establishment of such a currency as this, and call
it uniform.
I am entirely opposed to such uniformity as
this; and as there is no other argument but that
of uniformity, when that fails I think that the
whole system ought to fail.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to add the
word " thereon." 1 have moved that amendment
for the purpose of saying a word. I regret that
the members of the committee have not yet given
us some reasons why the States should not have
the regulation of the rate of interest within their
own limits. I am not aware that any complaint
has come up to the Committee of Ways and
Means from the States on that score.
I heard it bioudly stated that those who arc in
favor of restricting the rate of interest in this mat-
ter are not in favor of a uniform cunency. I do
not see the force of that argument. It seems to
me that this can only be a uniform currency by
establishing these banks. If the law is in such
form as to preclude persons from putting capital
in them, clearly to my mind the currency will be
less uniform by far than if they were open to all
persons to put their capital in as in any other un-
dertaking.
It was said by the gentleman who preceded me
that if money is not worth more in any commu-
nity than the rate prescribed by this law, then
persons will not avail themselves of the money
offered by these banks,- but will sccure the money
from some other source. What is the consist-
ency or propriety of having two rates of interest
established by law in the same community?
What is the benefit of having two systems of
usury in the same State? Here, while a tiansac-
tion with one individual is lawful, with another
it is unlawful. There is a difference if done with
one class from what there is if done with another.
I cannot see any propriety in it.
Gentlemen say that this is the soul of the bill;
that it will not be worth having if it is stricken
out. It seems to me if there be no greater neces-
sity for it, then it had better not become a law; it
should be strangled at its birth. It seems to me
if there were no restrictions upon these banks
there would be greater facilities afforded.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COLE, of California.- I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I renew the
amendment. 1 wish to say I am opposed to the
leaving the regulation of this matter of interest to
the several States. I can understand a State bank
system, where the control is left wholly to tho
State; and 1 can also understand a national bank-
ing system, the control of which belongs to the
General Government in Congress; but I cannot
understand this mongrel system, partly national
and partly State. 1 believe if you try to unite
the two systems you will find they will clash in
every State, as the interests of the States m^y
vary, and as the feelings of the different Legisla-
tures may be toward this national banking sys-
tem. I know that in the State of New York the
time has been when there was some prejudice
against the national banlting system on the part
of the State banks; and do you propose to leave
it to the Legislature of the State of New York to
cripple this banking system? I think it unwise
unless you mean to kill it.
I can readily understand why the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] who is evidently op-
posed to the whole bill, should offer the amend-
ments he does, because if he is opposed to the
whole bill he of course desires to kill it outright,
and the proper mode of doing that is to propose
and adopt such amendments. I am not prepared
to say but there may be some force in the idea
that the rate of interest should differ accordingto
the circumstances of the different States, but 1 do
insist that the power of regulating the interest
should be left with Congress if you would have
any stable national system of banking. The adop-
tion of any other idea will be fatal to it.
But let me allude to a point made by eastern
men. They seem to have more fear than western
men that you will make the interest seven per
cent. Gentlemen say it should not exceed seven
per cent. Of course the proposition does not say
you shall always have seven per cent. I do not
believe you could get seven per cent, in the New
England States, or even m most parts of the State
of Now York, at present. I know that in my own
district, a rural one, men have been borrowing
money for the last year for five and six per cent.
You see this rate of seven per cent, is the max-
imum; the bill docs not compel you to pay seven
per cent.; it does not compel labor to pay seven
per cent.; it does not tax labor at that rate, as i'3
supposed by some. When money is as plenty
as it is now, interest will not reach that maximum
rate. When you are increasing the amount of
money you will not have to pay these high rates
of interest. If money is abundant the rate of.in-
terest will be lower.
Mr. STEVKNS. I do not think we can be en-
lightened any further upon this question. Imove
that the committee rise, with a view to close de-
bate upon this section. [Cries of "Question,'*
" Gturbtion."] Very well;if gentlemen are ready
to vote, I will not press the motion.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The amendmentof Mr. Stevens was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the thirty-
first section, in line nineteen, by inserting the
woid "its".before the word "lawful"—a mere
verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HOOPER. I move to amend the same
section by striking out the words " and available
for the payment of the debts of an association,
shall be estimated to the amount thereof as a part
of the lawful money lequiied to bo kept on hand
by such association,"and inserting m lieu thereof
the following:
Shall be d'-omod to bo lawful money in tho possession
of any association belonging to such eieaiing-lioih-e hold-
ing ami owning Mich ceii(fie<ite,and fahall be considered to
be a pint oi the lawful money which Mieli association is
required to have under the frue< oing provisions of this sec-
tion.
This amendment is merely to correct the lan-
guage of the section and make the meaning more
clear and distinct. It does not change the mean-
ing.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the amend-
ment, I am opposed to it. I would prefer to
strike out, without inserting'. I do not under-
stand why these certificates between the banks of
cities should become lawful money. It is con-
trary to my notions. I know how it is that they
make them circulate in the cities, hut I am not
exactly ready to legalize them, and if the amend-
ment of the gentleman prevails, I shall move to .
strike out the whole clause.
Mr. HOOPER. I will move to strike outthe
