2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
line
The Secretory read it; "in section one
thirty-two, after the word "act" to insert:
And five thousand .shares shall ho the greatest amount
which any one person may hereafter subscribe for or hold
at any time, or lor winch certificates of shares shall m any
case be issued or recognized by said compauy.
Mr. HOWARD, I think the bill as originally
drawn was proper, and the more I think of it the
better I am satisfied that the limitation of $200,000
was a proper and necessary limitation; but I will
not now protract the discussion on that subject.
I shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts limiting- the amount which
any one person may hold to ^500,000. I believe
we ought to have some limit. I believe it is ne-
cessary in order to protect the property and the
utility of the company itself. 1 do not believe in
placing in the hands of any man, or enabling any
man to accumulate in his own hands, such a vast
amount of stock as he would be enabled to do
under the amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
In short, I do not believe in making this an im-
mense moneyed corporation and giving it practi-
cally the influence, the odious influence, of a mon-
eyed monopoly, which would bo the ultimMte
result of the doctrine insisted upon hereby the
Senator from Illinois, ofallowing any man to sub-
scribe to any amount he may see fit in the capital
stock.
1 do not wish to consume the time of the Senate
longer. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
If it shall be, then it will lie necessary to restore
the amendment which was made by the Senator
from Illinois in a subsequent poitmn of the sec-
tion.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD It will now be necessary to
make another amendment m the same section, in
line sixty-two,after the woid " issued " to insert,
" not, however, to exceed m amount to any one
person the above limitation of five thousand
shares."
The PRESIDING OKFICGR. The amend-
ment will be altered so as to be irmde con^stent
with itself, and the change suggested by the Sen-
ator from Michigan will be made. 1
Mr. POMEROY. J should Itlce to call thent-
(endon of the chaitman of the eommiiiee to an-
other provision in this same section providing that
books shall be opened in various cities, eight or
nine in number, and that they shall remain open
until all the stock is subscuhcd for. I will sug-
gest whether there should not be some limit as to
the time. .Suppose they are open for six months,
and the stock is not taken?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suppose that t hat is a mat-
ter winch may bo very safely inti listed to the cnie I
and management of the boaid of directors, f t is I
merely administrative business. !
Mr. TRUM IJULTj. The bill does not leave!
it to (hem.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; it does.
Mr. CONN&vSS. I do not see any provision
there compelling them to keep (hem open.
Mr. ROM KllOY. I will not olfe r an amend - I
rrtenf fo it; but I think we oug it 11 o in a ke an amend-
ment in the fiftieth line of the subsume That
clause now reads:
'Hie V,nd eoinp.iir) , by IN r!n,-cfui-> 01 H- -loekhnldi'!-,
vh.ill, iMia ami ali.-i ihe pa- ,a e nf i!n- :k t, make a
Hirlii.- «ij)()ll ail Ul" -let k^ohlci- „! llOtle.o, fu(Jl U\r dollar
)>< i dt.ue.il! julei vah o| not !<••- iluin m* nioulh- Hum .ui.l
ailei tin- p.i- o' litis aei, uiml {he jiai value oi all th-no*
Hltwulieil [1,1 wh.ill be full) paid Up.
It oeems to me that that is an unusual provis-
ion, and I think it ought let be stncKen out.
Mr. HOW A III J. in regaid to that, as 1ms
been very ptopirly teniuiked by Senatm.s, the
oh jet. t ol t bill is to m^uie the   onsU m lion of
the J'auftc railroad, and it I he laihoad is to be
built some reliance at least must bo pku-ed upon
those persons who become stockholders in the
company; they must neeessai ily contribute then-
fair share toward paying the expenses of the
work. Ihe United States is doing a gteat deal
to aid ami assist the company by way of issuing
its credit in the form ol a guniantee; but it does
not follow by anymeans that the stockholders
are to be released hom then duty of contributing
in the form of assessments
as assessments may
be necessity. Fheie has tiius far been not one
dollar expended onthe part of this company in
the actuateonM ruction of the woik. 1 believe that
not a spado bus been struck into the ground any-
where
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, in California.
Mr. HOWARD. I mean on the main line.
Mr. CONNESS. California is on the main
line.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir; California is not on
the main line. Not a pick has been struck in the
earth between the initial point in the East and the
termination of the main line at the West. It all
remains to be done. I do not know how much
money has been contributed by the present stock-
holders, but sure it is that they have done noth-
ing thus far in the form of constructing the road;
I mean the Union Pacific railroad.
Mr. TRCJMBULL, They have commenced
at Omaha.
Mr. HOWARD. That is not on the main line.
The main line commences at the one hundredth
degree of west longitude, and teiminates at the
western boundary of Nevada. The others are
called branches.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 will remind the Senator
that the Union Pacific railroad are to construct
the road from Omaha. It is their work and no-
body else's.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the Senator
dislikes this provision which compels the board
of directors or the stockholders of the company
to make assessments at the rate of ten dollars a
year upon the stock. That would requiie a per- i
son who should hold one share of the stock to
pay it up in full in the course of ten years, pay-
ing at the rate of ten dollars a year, five dollars
every six months. It seems to me that that is i
not an unreasonable icquisition to be made upon j
the stockholder. It is inserted heie to bling (
home to their consciences and then-consciousness i
that there is a duty duo from them to the company I
and to the Clovei inner.t, that they are to con 1 iibute '
of their own money, that this work is to be can led !
i n by them earnestly, devotedly, at their own .
expense, and that <( Uncle Sam" is not the ulti- I
mate party to-foot all the bills. It seems to me I
that if you strike out tins clause thus requiting '
assessments to be made, you in fact destroy the 1
utility of tins bill. You release them 1'ioin an j
obligation whii h undei this bill they would atall j
times feel m the form of paying their money. I j
do not wish to see moie moonshine stoelc in cir- j
eolation. I wish to see something substantial !
and satisfactory. * |
Mr. ROM EROY. I wish to remind the Senator j.
that thi; company has been oigamzed,and or- j
ganized in good jtuth, and money paid in anil the
work commenced. I know myself that $0,000,- !
000 were subscribed and ten per cent, paid m. A
lai  i' amount of n on has been putcha.M'd and the
woik is undei way. I never knew of any way
of sul >.sc t ibmg ibr stock such as some Senatois
have iepiesenled—of paying in your money and
then talcing it back again. L do not think that
board of dnectoi's, oigauized as it is to be or-
>ianiz"d under this bill, and with Government
direetois who have no interest!!! it, could stand
it}) in daylight and allow any such transaction
as that.
Mi. HOWARD. If the Senatoi will allow me
one woid; in oulei to xuaid against that he will ;
see that the bill provides m the same clause that !
k< money only shall be received for any such assess- i
m-'utj or for any portion of such capital stock." ■
There can be no legerdemain of converting bills I
of exchange and piornissory notes into payment !
foi stork; it must be money. j
Mi. POMEROY. The practical way of build- ;
ing raihoads m this country has always been to I
pay assessments on the stock to o cei tain amount '
to begin with; but there never has been u compa- j
ny oigaoued yet that 1 ever knew of, especially !
in building our roads in the West, whcie they !
have bijou obliged to pay in the full amount of j
the par value of tin ir stock. It is airanged in this J
way: the company assess, for instance, forty per I
cent. After thai has been assessed and paid !
they issue bonds, and the bonds are taken by the
stockholders in propoition to the amount of stock
they own and paid for, and the stock o nd the bonds
go together. The stock of this railroad company
and its bonds belong together; they will go to-
gether, excepting the bonds the interest of which
has been guaiantied by the Government. Those
are sepaiato and distinct bonds that will £0 into
the maiket and he sold everywhere. But in the
prosecution of such a work as this, the com-
pauy will be obliged to issue bonds the interest of I
which will not he guarantied by the Government.
Those bonds will be valuable to the stockholder
in proportion to the amount of stock he may
own; but if the stock is fully paid in, there is no
inducement for the stockholder to take the bonus
—I mean the bonds the interest of which is not
guarantied by the Government.
That is not all. I will not discuss the point,
but it is precisely here; it is a right belonging to
the company itself to make assessments oi not,
and to make them when they want them; and
that light should not be enforced in the act of
incorporation. Every corporation assesses its
stockholders according to the exigencies of the
work, and according to the necessities they have
of making purchases of iron, and of paying for
everything. If we insert in this bill a provision
obliging them to assess five dollars a shaieevery
six months until the whole par value of eveiy
share is paid in, it will prevent men from taking
the stock in the first place, and in the ricxt place
it is not according to the genius of the bill iistlf.
The bill was not consUucted with that view, that
the stockholders should pay the par value ol their
stock to begin with, or as fast as the work pro-
gresses.
Mr. CONNESS. I disagree entirely with the
objections made by the Senator from Kansas to
the provisions that he has discussed. 1 do not
agree with the Senator when he says it is not in
accordance with the scheme ol this bill and with
the scheme for the construction of the Pacific
railroad, ft will be lemembeied that the scheme
upon which this bill at h\*st is predicated la, that
the Government of the United States guaianty the
payment of the interest upon the bonds to be is-
sued by the vauous companies in case the com-
panies fail to pay the inteiest themselves, [ask
the Senatot from Kansas, how can the companies
but fail to pay the interest if they do not sub-
sciibe and pay in their money for their subseup*
tions of stock?
Mi. POMEROY. The point I was making
was, not that they should not be assessed, but that
it should not be made obhyatoty on them in the
bill.
Mr, CONNESS. I understand that.
Mr POMEROY. There are one hundred mil-
lions of stock to be assessed here, which will be
.sufficient to pay the interest on ninety millions
that you guaranty.
Mi.CONNESS. I understand that. The ob-
jection of the Senator is that the bill requires bona
file subscriptions and bona fide payments, and he
says that requiring that kind of subscription and
payment will preventinvestmentm itand the tak-
ing of the stock. Well, sir, if we can pass any
law here or if we can insert any provision in this
bill that will prevent men that have no money and
cannot raise it from becoming subscribers, and
burdening the books of the company with their
names, i think we cannot do better than insert it,
and iffsuch a provision is now found m the bill,
we cannot, do better than preserve it there.
The Senator says thcie will be needed doubt-
less m addition to the bonds provided to be issued
by this bill upon which the Government guaran-
ty the payment of the inteiest, other bonds of the
company the interest of which will not he guar-
antied. There is the rub. That is whore the
shoe pinches—niibt there. If we do not requite
them to be bonajuk subscribers, if we simply
guaranty the payment of the interest upon ninety
millions of their bonds, they failing to pay the in-
terest, anil not lequne them to pay in honestsub-
scriptions to (he capital stock of the coiporation,
id* course the icsult will be that they will have to
ispue their bonds, they will have to beet.me bor-
roweis abroad. How? In their corporate capa-
city, of course.
But this scheme, I undertake to say, in not
predicated upon any such system or want of sys-
tem. In good fatth we present and ofi'ei to the
moneyed men ol the country the cred.t of the
Government of the United States and the guar-
antee that the United States will pay if iifce^nry
to the extent of $90,000,000 in gold in the shape
of interest to accrue upon the bonds of those
companies. For the purpose of seturinsf oood
faith to us and to the Government we intend just
this provision, that they shall pay arid invest their
money, and that those who have not the money
to invest shall keep out and upon the stock
exchange or somewhere viae and carry on their
