1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Secretary be good
enough to read the clause inserted on my motion
at the end of the fourth section ?
Mr. HOWE. Let the whole section be read
as it stands.
The Secretary read the fourth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner, under tiie direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, s-lmll have the genet al superintendence of ail freedmen
thioughout the several departments, and it shall be his duty
especially to watch over the execution of all laws, procla-
mations, and mjhtiuy orders of emancipation, or m any
way concerning tVeedmen, and generally, by careful regu-
lations, in the >pitit of the Constitution, to ptotcct tlu\<e
person* in the enjoyment of their rights, to piotnote their
welfare, and to sueuio to them and then po-ti lity the bless-
ings or'libeity. And every such freedman shall he treated
m every te.--pect as a freeman, with all proper lemedies in
courts of juhticc, and no power or control hliall ue exer-
cised with tegaid to lum except in confoiinity with law.
Mr. HOWE. Of course all control over these
persons consistent with the language of the first
pai t of the section is " in conformity with law,"
because that becomes a part of the law. Now,
we have a large body of these fieedmen all through
the country; many of (hem are worth handsome
propei ties, and a large majority of them are mak-
ing a good living. I know that almost every
northern man who comes North from the South,
if he can, brings with him some of this labor: it
is in demand m our part of the country. I have
listened with great surprise to the intimations
thrown out here that we are going to overburden
our communities with this kind of labor by bring-
ing it in there. I have a profound belief that the
great necessity of every portion of our country is
labor; and I have never listened with any patience
whatever to the intimation, let it come from what
source it may, that this Republic can tolerate the
proposition to export this labor or any portion of
it, which is really one quarter of the net value of
the whole Republic as shown by your last cen-
sus. But then, Mr. President, a great deal of tins
labor is managing itself, and 1 do not want to in-
terfere with it, and 1 do not want this bureau to
interfere with it.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot grasp the idea of
the Senator; that is probably my misfortune;
but 1 do not see what interference there can be
from this Bureau with any such person as the
Senator describes.
Mr. HOWE. Because it is given by the first
clau.se of this section the u general guperituind-
enee" over all freedmen.
Mr. SUMNER. The Piesident oftlie Unifed
States has general superintendence over all citi-
zens of the United States, bound by his oath to
see that all the laws are executed; and that is all
that is implied here.
Mr. HOWE. 1 think if the Senator wilt re-
flect a moment he wiii see that the President has
no superintendence ovei anybody, except as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy he has
superintendence over those persons in tins mili-
tary and naval service; but outside of them he
has simply asupenntendence over the laws. You
have superintendents under your Indian laws.
What are their duties? They are charged with
the general superintendence over the officers ap-
pointed by the Government to execute the laws
in relation to the Indians. They have not gen-
eiaf superintendence over the Indians composing
the Indian tribes; they cannot command asmglo
one.
Mr. SUMNER. Can these superintendents
command a single one here?
Mr. HOWE. I should think so.
Mr SUMNER. By no means. That was dis-
cussed very thoroughly the other day, and 1
thought we arrived at a conclusion.
Mr. HOWE. I ought, perhaps, to concede
that the Senator knows better the force of this
language than 1 do; and yet 1 am profoundly iin-
pressed with the belief that it does give to the
Commissioner the light to control the action and
the efforts of all these freedmen.
Mr SUMNEIt. In what one particular, even
to deti rtntne one single thing? His duly is to see
that the laws and the proclamations and the nuli-
taiy nideis for the benefit of the freedmen ore
faithful iy executed; and then still fuiiherlie is to
find, i! possible, employment tor Llie freedmen on
lurid. Thru sail further he is to act as an ad-
visory iroardmn. Then still further lie is to be
an ai bnrotor, Bat m no respect is he to exorcise
any power of control over the freedmen. The
Senator finds it in the word " superintendence,"
but we only yesterday passed a bill creating a
bureau or department or office of immigration,
and creating an officer entitled the Commissioner
of immigration. What power or control will that
give to that officer over immigrants? None at
all. It will be his duty to watch over the laws
with regard to immigrants for the public good
and for the welfare of the immigrants; but there
is no power of control over the immigrants con-
ferred by the bill that we passed yesterday, I
think unanimously, and there is no power or con-
trol here.
Mr. HOWE. I am entirely content to know
that the Senator from Massachusetts desires no
more from the operation of this bill than I do my-
self in this respect, and if bethinks the language
employed here is sufficiently restrictive, I shall
not insist on my amendment.
Mr. SCJMNER. I say most sincerely to the
Seimtoi that I feel sure on that point.
Mr. HOWE. I withdraw my amendment, and
propose another in the fifth section to stwke out
in the tenth line the word "cause" and insert
" permit."
Mr. SUMNER. Is the Senator aware of the
amendment already made in that section ?
Mr. HOWE, i am not. I desire to be in-
formed.
Mr. SUMNER. The amendment which has
been made on the motion of the Senator fiom
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] i« to stuke out iho wokLs
"may determine," at the end of that sentence and
insert other woids so as to make the el uixe read,
" or in case no proper lessees can be found, then
to cause the same to be cultivated or occupied by
the freedmen, on such terms m either ease and
under such regulations as the Commissioner and
such fieedmen may agtee." 1 think that carries
out the idea of the Senator ftom Wisconsin.
Mi. WILSON". I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator ftom Wisconsin that i have prepared an
amendment to the fifth section that wiil perhaps
meet his views. 1 propose to s11 ike out all after
(l and"in the seventh line down to ih^ word "pro-
vided"^ the thirteenth line, and in lieu of the
words thus stricken oat to insert:
To pot in it the fieeilmt'ti to occupy, cultivate, and im-
prove Mich ie.il estate or any patt tht'ieofu nil the p.'initi-
al ptopcrtv alotusatd, or to lrnuoi oi act a- inspect-
Ols Ot tilt' f-SllIK'
I Hill for Some change in tins section. As it
stands it looks lo me very imieii as though it was
to (ake care of the plantations instead ol the li eeil-
men. The House lull had a piovision in it to
permit (he ireedtoen to occupy, cultivate, and im-
prove these lands; and this section proposes to
do it if nobody can he found to whom to lease
them; but if there isanybody who wauls to lease
the lands, iliey are to be leased. Now, I flunk
the policy should be to have the fieedmen inde-
pendently take possession of, occupy, and im-
prove these lands. We have ill and about Wash-
ington and vicinity some twenty-five thousand
freedmen who have been slaves. At Alexandria,
at llall's cross-roads, and elsewhere where they
are cultivating land themselves they are prospei-
ous and independent and are improving, while the
twenty-five bundled who are undi r the Govern-
ment organization across the i ivn-are the pooiest
olF of alTy and are not improving, and the system
there is a wretched system and ought to be broken
up as speedily as possible. It is only a tempo-
uuy measure, ! trust. It is not intentionally
badly inanased; but the effect 011 these people is
exceedingly bad; they aie discontented and they
have a light to be. A certain amount is deducted
[nun ibeir wages and they are held there under a
rule that is nksmne to tliern. IJut thioiighout the
vicinity, when; the fieedmen have taken upbtlle
nieces of land and wotked them for themselves
liny are mipinving and aic independent; then-
schools are improving. 1 want this section e
changed so that in lie: first pl.vce it shall I)'' the. a
object of the Government to neimit tne freedmen jj
to cultivate and impime these plantations, and ^
then if tin* ftet'dnien do not do K you may lease ^
any plantation you have to somebody, but U t that 11
be il-o hi.st thought. |
Mr. SCJMNER. My colleague understands :j
that a plantation may be leased to a freedman. ji
That whs the idea of the committee. The lan
guage here is that they are to "rent or
such real estate, orany part thereof, with theper-
sonal property aforesaid.** It does not say to
whom they are to rent or lease it. ft may be to
a freedman, or it may be to a white person, if you
will. It was felt that it would not be expedient
to have any limitation on the power of the com-
missioners in that respect. It was thought better
to leave open to them to determine on the spot lo
whom, all things considered, it would be.best to
lease the plantation; it might be to afreedman,or ,
it might be to a white person; and I think on the
whole that is the more prudent course. T think
that my colleague has pethaps been misled by
supposing that the language was exclusively ap-
plicable to white persons, but it is not so appli-
cable. The language is general, and it was in-
tended to cover the case of leases, whether to
freedmen or to white persons. Then of course
it goes on and says "or in case no proper lessees
can be found;" that is, where they cannot find a
freedman or a white person of sufficient responsi-
bility (o enter into a contiact of lease, " then lo
causc the same to be cultivated or occupied by
the freedmen, on sueh terms in either case and
under sueh regulations as the Commissioner and
such freedmen may agree."
Mr. HOWE. Now lot me suggest to the Sen-
ator that the real force of tluit last clause is to au-
thorize the Commissionerof Freedmen,an agent
of the United States, to go to farming down there.
By the language of this section as it was reported
he was to go to farming, and I think to compel
the labor of these freedmen, to cause'them to oc-
cupy and cultivate these lands; but' with the
amendment which 1 mti informed has been adopt-
ed on the motion of the Senator trom Iowa, it
bccomes necessai y tor him to contract for the
labor of the freedmen, and then hhmg the labor
he goes on to cultivate the lauds on behalf of the
United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
Senator's word " permit" instead of " cause."
Mr. HOWE. 1 think that simple change will
effect what the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] and myself are aiming at, but his own
proposition does no more than that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I move further to amend the
satin: section by adding to it an additional pio-
viso: -  
Jhxd provide! further, That no lease and no permit to bo
jtj\ en iiiitier the provi-1011s- ol tin1? set t-hnil continue lor a
longer tenn than one year without renewal, nor shall any
j Micu IcaM' or pijtmii land the United rftfUtis to pay dam*-
I lor any dispossession by title i>«uainount to that ottJie
I United s?tiite>«.
! Mr. SUMNEK.. 1 have no objection to that. .
A!i. GUI AI liS. 1 move to insert there before
the wot'l " d lspossession'' the word "military,
anil bi fori; " by" the word " or."
Mr. SUMMER. We are not liable anyway
for milnaiy dispossession.
Mr. GRIMES. You will have an infinite num-
ber of cases set np for military dispossession after
a while if you do not have a distinct understand-
Mr. HOWE. I have no objection if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts lias .not.
Mr SUMNER, t lmve no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. DoestheSen-
ator from Wisconsin modify his amendment?
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir, 1 so modify it that the
latter clause shall lead:
Nor «hali any sueli lea^e or permit bind the United States
tn p'iy damages lor any inilitaiy dii-po—essioii or became
ol' p.iiamotiul tn'e t" It1 ar of llie United States.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mi. HOWE. 1 move to amend the tenth sec-
tion hy striking out m line five the word " quar-
terly" and inserting " monthlystriking out the
words "of their pioceedmgs" m the sixth jine,
and inserting after the word "commissioner" the
words "of the names, ages, and respective con-
ditions of all freedmen applying to them or to their
local si'ipeinuendiiits for relief, and of the dispo-
sition made of such applicants, which iepottsthe
Commissioner shall cause to be published M sucl*
uewspapers, not exceeding o&o in each State, its
^Mr'sUMiMEIt. I ask my friend whether that
in- ifi not going to impose tjo much, and does no^
all li what fie requires properly come under tt\e
