334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
to compensate the loyal ownors of slaves in the State of
Kentucky in the event the people of that State should
adopt a system of emancipation; and whereas the Legis-
lature of that State is now m se&eion, and it is believed the
institution of slavery in said State has become so endan-
gered and precarious in consequence of the present war,
forced on the Government of the United States by the dts-
unionis-ts. and traitors of the South, that it would be to the
interest of the people of Kentucky to accept compensated
emancipation: Therefore,
Resolved, That the committee on emancipation be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for
compensation to loyal owners of slaves msaul State,in the
event a system of emancipation he adopted by the people
thereof, and that said committee repoit by bill or oiier-
wise.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported back
the Senate amendment to the enrollment act with
a substitute; which were referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to he printed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that it be made the
special order for Wednesday next.
Mr. STILES objected.
Mr. SCHENCtt moved that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose indicated, and on that
motion demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Francis P. Blair, Jacob ft. Blair, Blow, Boutwell, Bioomall,
William G. Brown, Ambrose \V. Clark, Freeman Claike,
Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes,
Deming, Dixon,l)ri£gs,Ecklcy, Eliot,Farnsworth, Fenton,
Fiank, Garfield,Gooch, Grmnell, Hale, Charles M. Ilairis,
liigby, Hooper, llotchkt&s, Asaliel W. Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Hulbind, lIutehins,Jenekes,Juhan,Kas?on,Kel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kello<;j , Kims, Long-
year, Marvin, McClurg, Melndoe, Samuel F. Millet, Mor-
i-til, Daniel Morris, Anion Myer£, Leonard Myera, Norton,
John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perhani, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Edward II. Uollms, richenck, Seofif*ld, Shannon,
Smith, Srmthers Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, Upson, Elilm B. Wa^hbmne, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley, WilhainsWildei, Wilson, Windom, Wood-
bridge, nnd Y< aman—tW.
NAY'S—Mess-rs.. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Au-
gustus U. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler,
Clay, Coil'ioth, Dawson, Dcnnisou, Edrii, Edgciton, Eid-
ridge, Finek, Ganson, Grider, Hardin?. Harrington, Benja-
min G. Ilatris, Uernek, Ilohn.ui, Kalbileiseh, Keman,
Knapp, Law, Lazear, Lc Blond, Jiong, McDowell, Me-
Kinncy, James R. Monn, Mom-on. Noble, Pendleton,
Pruyn, Radford, Robinson, James S. Uollins, Ro-^, Scott,
Stebbins, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,Stiles,Stuait,
VootheeSjWadhWoith, Chilton A.White, Joseph W.White,
Winlield; Benjamin Wood, and Purnando Wood—54.
So the rules were not suspended; two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.
DAKOTA C02iTKSXBl)-MU5CTION CASE.
Mr. DAWES presented certain papers in the
Dakota contestcd-election case; which were re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
DKPrCIENOY APPIt0PItf AT10N BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, I now renew my motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the. Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wasiiburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill of the Mouse
(No. 15G) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1863, which had been previously
made the spccial order for this day.
The bill was read in exienso.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill clause
by clause for amendments.
The fitst section having been read—
Mr. BROOKS said: I wish to call the attention
of the committee for a short time to many of the
recommendations forappropriations contained m
this deficiency bill. I sometimes regret that in
the assignment of seats hete it lias so resulted that
I am upon the outskirts of Democratic civilization,
nnd not upon the other side, that I might obtain
a better hearing from them; for it is no use to ad-
dress tho Democraticparty m the House, as they
aie utterly powerless here. But it is of the highest
importance to the country that gentlemen \ipon
the other side of the House should give bills of
this character their attention.
I know I am far behind this age, and that it is
utterly impossible to keep up with the progress
of it unless one runs wild. 1 was educated in the
olden school with another class of men, when,
in the reporters' galleries of this House or a
member upon the floor of the House, we were all
taught to look upon deficiency bills with great
distrust, and to scan them with the severest scru-
tiny. When I first entered the Halls of Congress,
a deficiency bill of $25,000 was calculated to create
excitement and no inconsiderable alarm. And
when, pendingtheMexican war, adeficiency bill
of $350,000 was introduced into this House there
was an extraordinary excitement and an extraor-
dinary debate, which is fully recorded in the
Journals of Congress. But here to-day we have
a deficiency of over five million dollars, itmay be
more. I have had no time to make a full calcu-
lation, but I think the sum approaches five mil-
lion dollars.
I know gentlemen upon the other side will tell
me that this is an era of rebellion; that this sum
is extraordinarily large, belonging to an extraor-
dinary era, and that therefore it is impossible for
the Administration of the Government to have
that prospective view of public affairs which will
enable it absolutely to foresee what will be the
expenditures of this Government. I have only
this to say, that pending the war of 1812 with
the powerful empire of Great Britain, there were
no such deficiency bills. Pending the Mexican
war there were no such deficiency bills. I give
large credit and large credence to the argument
of the other side that in the progress of a civil
war it is impossible for the Administration, even
now in the third year of the war, to foresee what
was likely to be the expenditure of the Govern-
ment, but it is possible to foresee something.
What I mainly object to in the deficiency bill is
the creation of offices without the authority of
law, *the acceptance and indorsement, of offices
created without law; the creation of offices wholly
unknown to the statute-book; and to appropria-
tions in a deficiency bill of large sums of money to
pay them. Herein this bill are four hundred and
fiifty clerks created in the departments of the Gov-
ernment at the other end of the avenue. I know
mnny of them are necessary; perhaps they me all \
necessary;and 1 do not intend to makeany decided
opposition to tho appropriations for them;but I do
say it was the duty of the Administration, and it
was the port of wisdom in the men administering
this Government, to have foreseen the necessity of
these disbursements and the necessity for these
clerks in the estimates of last Congress, and to
have called upon this House for the necessary ap-
propriations. But here is recommended the crea-
tion of four hundred and forty or four hundred
and fifty clerks who have been servmgfor from six
months to a year in the departments in their re-
spective offices, to whom wo now owe debts, and
to whom if not we, at least the Administration is
under the necessity of providing the proper mode
and means of payment.
I mean to say further, it is the duty of the Ad-
ministration now, in the second and third years of
the war, to comprehend its magnitude and ex-
pense, and to make the necessary estimates in i
advance, and not appear Jiere with an enounous I
deficiency like this. The extent of the war was
as well known two years ago ns it is now; and
its disbursements weie as well known; the ne-
cessity for these clciks was as well known. These
offices have been created withoutauthonty of law,
and there is imposed upon Congress, in the exer-
cise of its legislative duties, the necessity of mak-
ing an appropriation for their support.
Theic arc in this Lull the most extraordinary
estimates which we have ever seen in any de-
ficiency bill within the whole range of my con-
cessional expeutnee. Heie arc deficiencies for
buildings, deficiencies for fences, deficiencies for
fui niture, deficiencies for carpets, also for litho-
graphing and engravings, and many other articles
too numerous to mention. What 1 mean to say
upon this subject is, that when the regular ap-
propriations run out for fences, for grading, for
carpeting, for furniture, &e., it is the duty of the
Administration to stop its expenditure, and await
an appropriation by Congress before it disburses
any other money. It can wait, as other people
aie obliged to wait, for their comforts and their
conveniences and their luxuries, without taking
the law into its own hands and appropriating
money out of the Treasury, and then calling upon
the legislative department of the Government to
make the necessary appropriations.
There is created by this bill a foreign mission.
The subject was alluded to the other day, but it
did not at the moment attract my attention or the
attention of gentlemen upon the other side of the
House, and the matter was not fully and fairly
met. But here is an appropriation for a minister
to San Salvador, who is recognized by this defi-
ciency bill, the office being created without any
authority of law whatever. This is the appoint-
ment of a minister to an inconsiderable power; it
is the creation of an office for the benefit of an of-
fice-holder; the appointment of a minister to a
foreign Power which has not in population, in
magnitude, or in wealth, anything like the im-
portance of many of the wards of Philadelphia,
New York, Cincinnati, and Chicago, And yet
here is the creation by the State Department of a
foreign mission to San Salvador without the least
authority of law, and we are called upon here in
this bill to make a deficiency appropriation for
that purpose. I appeal to gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, I appeal to them in sin-
cerity and truth, to resist this thing. If I wereone
of them and among them, if 1 belonged to their
party, I never would (as I never have with any
party, here orelsewhere) sanction these assump-
tions by the executive authorities of the coun-
try.
i will call the attention of the House to other
subjects connected with the deficiency bill. I wish
to disabuse, if possible, gentlemen from the pre-
possessions and prejudices in their minds. This
I take it is no mere party measure. I stand upon
the floor of this House almost solitary and alone.
[Cries of " no," from Mr. Rollins, of Missouri,
and others.] I am an old-line Whig, and nothing
but an old-line Whig. For the last twenty-five
or thirty years I have resisted the exercise of all
executive authority, of all executive assumption
whatever, and there are scores of gentlemen upon
the other side of the House who, in the better
days of this Republic, have stood side by side
with me in resistance to executive power and ex-
ecutive assumptions in deficiency Uills, or bills of
any character like this which is now before us.
I desire to maintain and support the Adminis-
tration in the vigorous prosecution of this war for
constitutional purposes, and all my efforts have
been so directed and shall be so directed. But this
House, this Congress, holds the Treasury of the
Government, and it has aright in its disbursements
to insist upon an economical and prudent admin-
istration of public affairs. There is not now such
an administration of our public affairs. Many of
the departments of the Government are utterly
corrupt, and known to be so, and their corruption
has attracted the attention of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, and it is to their credit
and to their honor that they have ordered an in-
vestigation into some subjects; but they them-
selves have no idea of the depth of corruption by
which they are surrounded. The Treasury De-
partment, in its heart and core, in its highest and
heartiest pulsations, in the manufacture of the
public money, the public bills, the public credits,
is rotten and cannot stand investigation. One of
the men in that Department has been arrested for
matching and patching torn or destroyed public
money. Another, Dr. Gwynn, is in the Old Capi-
tol prison; and the man who is now at the head
of that department stands charged upon the rec-
ords of this House by a Republican committee
with having fraudulently reported to this Govern-
ment upon the construction of public buildings
heretofore. The man to whom 1 refer is Spencer
M. Clark. That man, who has now the control
of the public money, stands recorded in a public
document here, issued in 1862 by a Republican
committee of the Eiouse of Representatives, as
having cheated and defrauded the Government as
the then architect for one of the public buildings.
1 will make no comment on the subject, but I
avail myself of this opportunity to call the atten-
tion of Republican gentlemen to the official docu-
ment. I will ask the Clerk to read the record
which was made in 1862 by a Republican com-
mittee of the House, and I ask them to bear in
mind that of this man's associates one is in prison
and the other ought to be if the public record is
true.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentleman from
