1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
in a financial point of view was dreadfully neg-
lected , as I suppose. Now, if it is the objcct upon
the part of those who have charge of this bill to
drive out of circulation all notes issued under State
authority, let them say so. The remarks of the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, though sig-
nificant, aie not conclusive upon this point. If
we are to have, in this time of tribulation, a re-
suscitation of the old national bank system, let
that be understood. I call upon these gentlemen
who have a great deal of character throughout the
country for financial ability, to say what their
object is in regard to the subject-matter of this bill.
Now 1 know quite as well as anybody that
a machine is at work making money. We all
understand that; but how long can it keep at
work without some sort of aid at the bottom?
My friend fiom Kentucky [Mr. MalloryJ sug-
fests greasingj I adopt the term, it is a good one.
s not the circulation of the State hank notes at
thft present hour fin adjunct to the national cur-
rency? lam no State bank man. I belong to
that party which is opposed to ail banks, and al-
ways have been opposed to hanks. I have been
in favor of those commodities called gold and sil-
ver, which aie now away up m commercial cir-
cles—almost our. of sight. Even though 1 was a
State bank man—which I said 1 was not—I could
not favor this bill. Will not the chanman of the
Committee of Ways and Means be in favor of
receiving State aid m reference to the national
currency ?
I simply throw out these suggestions because
I want information. The country wants inform-
ation. I want to be educated; 1 mean, financially.
I am in the same condition about this mailer that
I think the President of the United States is.
Air. KASSON. If I undeistand the effect of
the amendment, it is to bring the proposition bark
to the enyof JNew York alone as the place of ie-
demption. Let me call the attention of the com-
mittee to the fact that while it was first proposed
to establish the city of New York as the sole place
of redemption, a further discussion .jft.lay.-ri the
tact that the place of redemption xlWfild follow
the course of trade. Now , we thought m our ex-
amination that in many Hurts of the country the
course of tuule did not lead to the city of New
\ ark as the proper piece of redemption. In New
England, for example, the piineipal course of
trade leads to Boston; in some paits of the South-
west it has hitherto led to New Oi leans; in the
Pacific States it leads to San Francisco. We can-
not, therefore, in this case, any moie than m the
other case which was recently no fully debated,
attempt to accommodate byan absolute provision
every portion of the United States. J low, then,
.shall we accomplish tin.4 desired result? for our
legislation cleaily should follow the ordinal y
courso of trade and commerce and the necessities
of the community. We can do it by selecting
the leading/oci of commerce and trade, the lead-
ing centers to which the transactions of the com-
munity tend, and establish several phuvs of re-
demption with a view to accommodate the com-
munity in that respect.
But gentlemen may ask, "tlowean you pre-
vent the banks from selectnigan inconvenient city
of ^redemption ? " We piuvent it by making it
subject to the approval of the Comptroller of the
Curiency, a disinterested public oflieer, who will
himself direct such arition on the part of the banks
in selecting a place of redemption, and keeping
their deposit* there for that purpose, as will ac-
commodate the laws of trade in the communities
in which the banks arc established, i submit to
the committee that no other tulo can be adopted
which will sojully meei ihe v.anlsot the commu-
nity iri the d i lie unit pai ts of this w idol y extended
counliy. If there be too many points established
m the hill as if now stands, that, of course, can
be cr>ir"ct< d. But it is eeitainly due, I think, to
the interests of the diketent sections of this very
extended country that we should allow, subject
to the approwil of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, who can be influenced by none other than
the public interests, the selection t>i a city lor the
iedeuiptio'i of the < inreney of banks in one part
of the couniiy di(fu<*nt fi->m that imposed on an-
other. I do not think, for instance, that Maine
ought fo be compelled to redeem in San Francis-
co, nor San Francisco necessarily m New York,
unless the elmnnels of trade take the currency
there.
Mr. WILSON. Will my colleague allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. KASSON. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask my colleague
whether a bill drawn at Memphis on New Orleans
is worth as much for the payment of a debt in
New Orleans as a bill drawn in Memphis payable
in New York?
Mr. KASSON. That depends on the course
of trade. At certain seasons of the year exchange
from New Orleans to New York was, prior to
this war, above par, and at other seasons below
par. It varies according to the course of com-
merce, and you cannot fix it by legislation.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to ask one other
question.
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I would ask my colleague
whether a bill drawn in Burlington, Iowa, on
Chicago is worth as much for the payment of a
debt m Chicago as a bill drawn in Burlington on
New York ?
Mr. KASSON. That again depends on the
course of trade.
Mr. WILSON. I would like to ask my col-
league whether he ever knew of a bill drawn in
Burlington on Chicago worth a.? much as a bill
drawn in Burlington on New Yoik?
Mr. KASSON. I am not a merchant; I can
only say that on some occasions I found exchange
in Chicago on New York at par, and on other
occasions above par.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Wilson's
amendment, and it was lejected.
Mr. PRICK, i move to amend by striking
out all the places named for redemption except
New York, Philadelphia, and Huston. I wish
gentlemen to understand the difference between
the two sections—the one now under consideia-
tion and the one that follows it. The section
under consideration does not compel a bank to
ledeem at all. Mai k that, ltonly fixes the places
when; these banks may be allowed to keep three
fifths o! their lilteen or twenty-five per cent. We
have been confounding the two sections. It is
that which has led to the confusion. The next
section is ihe one that compels the. redemption.
This only fixes thiee points whoie a bank may—
not shall—keep a balance to be counted as money.
Then yon can compel them to redeem where yon
please. That is done by the next section. It is
time enough to consider that when we come to it.
Mr. ELDRIDUE. Mi. Chairman, I conceive
that the gentleman fiom Iowa [Air. Prick] has
hit on the position which 1 think is true m iegard
to this lull. Uentleinen have made a great many
arminnnts on the subject of redemption. But
what 1 desire particulaily to ascertain from tin:
gentlemen having this lull in charge is, what is
meant under the bill by the term " redemption ?"
There was a time in the history of the country
when we knew what the redemption of a bank
bill meant. But we do not know it now. A
gentleman beside me says that m Kentucky re-
demption is the paying tn whisky and tobacco.
Thai may be so there. In Wisconsin they pay
in some places m badgeis, in other places in shin-
gle block-!, and in other places in whitc-ii«h. I
should like to have some gentleman who is ported
on the subject to give us some information as to
what is meant in this bill by the term "redemp-
tion.*' I know that the •gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hooper] having the bill in charge
said he hoped to live to see the time when rodemp-
; tjon would take place, as it used to take place,
! with lawful money. I think that gentleman*s
i hairs are altogether too white to authoi ize him to
! indulge in any such hope, i do not think that
the youiu;e.:-t man m this House will live to see
the Line vh< n this paper cui rency will be re-
deemed. I believe it has been said, Mr. Chair-
man, of this character of paper, that H " know-
eth not that its redeemer liveth." 1 doubt whether
any ofus can say that itever will have a redeemer.
If gentleman can say when, how, and where, this
money is to be redeemed, 1 wish in (iod's name
they would inform us.
The question was taken on Mr. Price's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move to amend by adding,
after the words "New York," the word " In-
dianapolis."
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the committee
lise for the purpose of closing debate on this sec-
tion.
Mr. CRAVENS. I hopethegentleman will let
the vote be taken on my amendment beforepress-
ing that motion.
Mr. MORRILL. The vote can be taken on
the amendment immediately after the Ho use goes
back into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly, as a special order, the
national currency bill, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the House
resolves itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union all debate upon the pend-
ing section be closed in one minute after the com-
mittee resume its consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that, the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
MONTANA TERRITORY.
Mr. BEAMAN. Befoio the question isputon
that motion, I ask the gentleman to yield to en-
able me to ask consent, to have a bill taken up,
and a committee of conference appointed on it.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I yield for that put pose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will first
have to ask the gentleman fiom Vermont to yield
b< fore the Chair can put his request to the House.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will yield to the gentleman
for the purpose he has indicated.
On motion of Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous
consent, the bill to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Montana was taken
from the Speaker's table, with the amendments of
the Senate theieto.
Mr. BEAMAN. I move to non-concur in the
amendments of the Senate, and ask a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion that the
House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
GENERAL ANDERSON.
Mr. CIIANLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the joint resolutions of the Legislatme of
the State ol New Yoik relative to Geneial Robert
Anderson; which were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
The question iccurrcd on the motion of Mr.
mo iirill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itselfnUo the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Rollins, of New
Hampshire, in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 333, relative to the
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Cravexs ]
Mr. HOOPER. 1 desire to make a single re-
mark in reference to that amendment in the min-
ute to which the debate is limited, i desire to
say that the Comptroller of the Currency, who
was from Indiana, asked me particularly not to
insert Indianapolis. [Laughter.]
The amendment was disagieed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to move to insert a ver-
bal amendment in section thirty-two. I move, in
hue ten, to strike out after the word " fail" the
words "for the term of thnty days,35 and to in-
sert the words "either to make selection or."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRICK. I move to amend the same, sec-
tion in the third line by striking out the word
" named," by striking out also in the fourth lmo
