1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2357
provision ought to be stricken oat, and that any
contract which this railroad company make*
should be as binding upon it as an individual's
contract is upon him. The Senator from Iowa
has been talking about monopolies, and he ob-
jects to this bill asfa greatmonopoly. Why, let
me ask, is this railroad corporation to be taken
out of the general rule in regard to individuals
and other parties in reference to the contracts they
shall make ?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator, I hope, does not
intend to convey the impression that lam in favor
of that provision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all; but I was
merely making use of the Senator's argument in
favor of mv proposition to strike out these words.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Illinois
certainly cannot be ignorant of the fact that many
contracts are so drawn between the parties as to
. be made determinable at the option of the one or
the other as they shall agree. Almost all public
contracts are made in that form. Post office con-
tracts, contracts for public supplies, and a great
variety of contracts contain such a provision en-
abling: one of the contracting parties to determine
it at his option. The object of the clause which
the Senator from Illinois moves to strike out is
to guard against the danger of an outgoing board
of directors making fraudulent contracts, or con-
tracts which may be disadvantageous to the com-
pany and jery much to the advantage of favorites,
and to'enable an incoming board, upotTgiving due
notice, say of six months, to determine and put
an end to any such objectionable contract. It is
made strictly in the interest of the company, and
for the purpose of guarding and protecting its
lights against improvident contracts, or contracts
that may be given out to favorites of A, B, C, or
D belonging to the company; and I submit that
it is an important clause to be contained m this-
charter. It reserves to the board of dnectors the
power of putting an end, after a notice of six
months, to any contract for supplies or for trans-
portation. Certainly no injury is likely to arise
from it. Such a contract cannot be determined
except upon due notice of six months. Due no-
tice is to be served upon the contractor, and the
contract cannot be put an end to until the lgpse
of six months from the time of the service ottliat
noticc.
These were the reasons why the committee in-
serted this clause in the bill. I think that it is a
most salutary and necessary clause, and that it
ought to be letained. It is not veiy likely that in
the case of an honest contractor his rights or con-
tract would be interfered with by the boatd of
directors; certainly not for any trivial or incon-
siderable reason. But, as I said before, the ob-
ject is in the case of a fraudulent, unfair, or dis-
advantageous contract entered into from sinister
purposes,'to enable the board to put an end to it
on giving reasonable notice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Michigan if it is certain that the
succeeding board of directors will be any more
honest than their predecessors; and if not, why
the succeeding board under his bill as he has it,
will not be just as likely through favoritism and
fraud to set aside the contracts made by their
predecessors and give the same work to a set of
favorites of their own? If we are to regard each
board of ditectors as, the oncas likely as the other,
to be anMionest board, then the presumption that
the old board will have entered into contiacis
which will bind their successors of an extrava-
gant or a fiaudulcnt character is no greater than
the presumption that the succeeding boaid will
set aside the contracts of their predecessors for
the purpose of giving fraudulent and extiavagant
contracts to their friends. It is as broad as it is
Ion0-.
Mr. COLLAMER. This does not confine the
vacating of eontuicts to a succeeding boaid.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir. I will answer the
Senator from Illinois by asking another question,
lask the Senator, if he were a member of this
company, whether he would not as such think it
a puv.lege not entirely to bo disregarded to be
enabled to put his hand upon an unjust or disad-
vantageous contract, and put an end to it; or
whether he would, having discovered the char-
acter of such a contract, be proud to cairy it out,
and to allow the contracting party to can y off lus
ill-gotten gains; in short, whether he would not
like to have the remedy in his own hands per-
petually, so far as he could conveniently and law-
fully. It seems to me theie can be but one an-
swer to such a question as that. The sole object
of this provision, as I said before, is to keep this
remedy in the hands of the corporation.
The PRESIDENTp-o tempore. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois to the amendment.
"Mr. CONNESS. Before the vote is taken on
this subject, allow me to say a word. It appears
to me that there are especial reasons for retaining
such a provision as this in this bill. Let me give
a single illustration, and invite the attention of
Senators to it. his not necessary for ine to state
that there is no purpose on the part of the pro-
ducers of this act, those who have prepared it, to
incumber it with any restriction that shall mili-
tate against its being carried out and the great
road being built. Let me give you an illustration
now of what might be the operation of a board of
directors under this act without, a provision like
this, and how it would work to the company and
to the enterprise itself. Let us take the article of
railroad iron, winch to-day is worth one hundred
and ten or one hundred and twenty dollars a ton.
Suppose a board of directors contracts for the en-
tire amount that may be needed for the Union
Pacific railroad, extending from the one hun-
dredth meridian to the western boundary of the
State of Nevada: the rebellion is over; goldfmds
its level; the business of the country finds its level;
iion is worth forty dollars a ton again. Now,
what a nice operation that is, singly and alone
for the contractors whom those directors haveen-
abled to make such an immense amount of money
out of this company. I hope that before a vote
is taken gentlemen will consider that this is an
unusual scheme, that it is not a road composed
of one, or two, or three sections, comprehended
by forty, sixty, or one hundred miles in length,
but that it proposes to build a road two thousand
and odd miles in length.
Are we afraid that under a restriction of this
kind contractors will not be found who will take
the contracts and engage to perform the woik?
If contractors are scarce for once, I do not know
but that 1 was going to say a great blessing; it
would be an unusual fact, to say the least. Jlthis
restriction can be changed for the better, 1 have
no objection for one that that shall be done; but
let not this restriction be stucken out. Theie is
a necessity foi pown to be lodged with the direct-
ors, to prevent the consummation of what may bo
fraud, that would be utterly ruinous to the com-
pany. I hope it will not now be stricken out.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The arguments used
for keeping this clause in the bill are most extra-
ordinary. The Government itself h-as no right
to repudiate a contiact. Gentlemen argue here
in favor of conferring upon this company the
right to repudiate a contract that has been fairly
made by its agent, a power that does not belong
to any corporation, to the Government, nor to
any individual in this country. The argument
used by the Senator from California is most ex-
traordinary . He says that if this company
should make a contract for the iron to build their
entire road, and then the iron should decline in
price, the company ought to have the right to
repudiate that contract: why?
Because the iron has fallen. In other words,
the man who has made the contract with them in
good faith to furnish iron, and employed his
money and his means to get it, ought to be en-
tirely ruined because this company ought to have
power! That is the argument; it is nothing more.
It would be*a great outrage and a great wrong to
confer this extraordinary power on any com-
pany, or upon Government, or upon individuals
anywheie. I undertake to say that this compa-
ny, like individuals and all other companies and
Governments, ought to be bound by the contracts
made by their agents. If they employ agents
who act fraudulently toward them, 1 see nd good
reason m the world why they should not turn
out those agents and employ honest ones. If a
contract is made fraudulently, I do not under-
stand that the company is bound by it anyhow;
and the Senator from California wishes to avoid
the effect upon the company of fraudulent con-
tracts. . .
There is another view of this question. Large
moneyed companies like this have great advant-
ages over individuals in all business transactions
that theyhave with them. When you confer ail-
act of incorporation upon a company, you con-
fer extraordinary powers that do not belong to
individuals. The ^f.t of incorporation itself is
an extraordinary power; but when you undertake
to conferupon a company the power that is grant-
ed by the provision now under consideration, in
my judgment it would be a great outrage and a
great wrong; it would be conferring on them the
right to repudiate their contracts whenever they
see proper.
Mr. HOWARD. The question before the Sen-
ate is not whether any natural person or corpo-
ration already in existence has the right to repu-
diate his or its contracts. That is by no means
the question. We are nowengaged in construct-
ing an artificial being known as a coiporation,
and imparling to it such faculties as we may see
fit to impart. The question before the Senate is
whether we shall impart to this artificial being,
the corporation, a power under certain circum-
stances to terminate a certain description of its
contracts at its will, by giving due notice to the
contracting parties. It cannot he alleged agtiinst
such a proposition that it is unjust, because it is
not unjust to a man to enter into a contract with
him when he knows that you will in a contin-
gency have the power to put an end to the con-,
tract. He enteiS into the contract with a full
knowledge mid notice that you may do so if you
see fit, and lie therefore has nothing to complain
of. The simple question here is whether in the
creation of this railroad corporation it is expe-
dient for us to give it the faculty of determining
a certain description of its contracts at its own
will by giving a certain amount of notice to the
opposite contracting party. 1 see no injustice in
it; on the other hand, I see in it a very salutary
and piotectne influence to the real interests of
the corporation, because we all know very well
that however honest, however circumspect, how-
ever vigilant may be a board of directors in a
bank or in a corporation of any kind, it is very
possible for them to be occasionally imposed
upon by shrewd and cunning contractors who
are anxious to obtain jobs at their hands.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to put a
question to the Senator. This road will be sub-
let in sectionsof twenty or forty miles to contract-
ors. Is he of opinion that he can get sub-con-
tractors to convey theirlumds, tools,and machin-
ery oighthuiidred nrn thousand mileson acontract
that the company call abrogate by giving six
months'notice' 1 am very clear that you can-
not with that provision sub-contract your road.
Mr.HOWARD. I have no doubt on that point. -
I have no question about ihcreadiness of persons
who want employment to enter into the employ-
ment of this road. -There will be no dearth of
hands to labor upon it, no want of employes the
moment the ground is broken. I think this is a
very essential provision to be retained in the bill,
because the effcct of it is to enable the company
from time to time, as it shall see fit, with the
knowledge of the contracting party that it has that
power, to terminate any contract. I look upon
it as a great advantage to the company, and no
injustice to the contracting party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to inquire of
the Senator before he sits down whether, if these
words are stricken out, there is anything to pre-
vent the company from making a contnrct that
shall be determinable at their pleasure in case they
can find parties willing to enter into such con-
tracts? I wish to ask if they will not have the
power anyhow without puttmg itinhcie to make
such contracts if they can find parties willing to
enter into tliem? .
Mr. HOWARD. I certainly had always en-
tertained that opinion; but judging from the speech
which the honorable Senator from Illinois made
a few minutes since, one. would be led to suppose
that such a thing was impossible, that it was
wrong and entirely ineguUu to make a one-sided
contract. I never had any doubt about the right
of a man or a woman to make such a one-sided
contract,nor have 1 now. Norhave lanydoubt
as to the power of this company, m case this
clausc be stricken out, to in.ike such a contiact if
! it sees fit to do so; but my purpose is to make it
: obligatory on the company to insert I his clause
:j in every contract into which it enters for sup-
}; plies, for services, or for transportation, so that
