1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New York allow me to ask him a question? It
is whether the Superintendent of Public Printing
does not receive a salary, and has not anything
to do with these contracts?
Mr. BROOKS. My worthy friend is far be-
hind the age. The Superintendent of Public
Printing, lie who prints the public documents, is
a printer of the olden style; but there is a new
public printer installed at the other end of the ave-
nue to coin money.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am simply trying to catch
up, if possible, with the gentleman.
Air. BROOKS. We are both old fogies [laugh-
ter]—both behind the age.
Mr. GRINNELL. X know that, and I was
afraid I would not be able to get on without get-
ting hold of the gentleman's coat-tails. I under-
stand that there is the same public printer for both
Houses.
Mr. BROOKS. The public printer prints the
public documents; but the printer of the public
money is ensconced with his types, with his en-
gravings, with his laborers in theTreasury build-
ing, and has there converted the power of the
Constitution—which is to coin money—into coin-
ing paper, coining Treasury notes, coining shin-
plasters, or sticking plasters as in olden time
they used to be called.
Mr. GRINNELL. Do I understand that the
public printer is engaged m manufacturing money?
Mr. BROOKS. There are two public printers.
Will the gentleman understand that? One public
printer is Mr. Defrees, who prints the public doc-
uments. I do not refer to him in any respect
whatever.
Mr. GRINNELL. I thought that the paper
proposed to be read had reference to Mr. Defrees.
Mr. BROOKS. No, not to Mr. Defrees. I be-
lieve he is an honest man, as an old printer ought
to be. I refer to that adventurer, that gentleman
■who first turns up as an architect of public build-
ings, and who is now piinter, in theTreasury
Department, of Treasury notes and Treasury
bonds, and five, ten, twenty-five, and fifty-cent
pieces of the public money. That is the public
punter to whom 1 refer. Now, will the Clerk
read the extract that I send up?
The Clerk read from the report of the Commit-
tee on Expenditures on Public Buildings to the
House of Representatives at the Thirty-Seventh
Congress, as follows:
''For evidence oftlie extravagant expenditures of public
money under tlie IluieauofConstiuction, asnowand hcie-
tofoic organized, we lTler 10 the testimony ill relation to
the Charleston custom-house and the Treasury extension.
A single item >elating to the foimer will llhisuMf1 the sys-
tem by whieh a building about one hundred and tilty toet
long by one handled and twenty feet wide fioin outside to
outside of tile columns, and canied some forty-five or fifty
feet above the giound. entiri ly unlini-hed, inollcss and
bare, has already cost the Government over two million
dollars,and half a million more asked lor bv the acting en-
gineer, without any intimation l hat it will do anvtlung mote
than 'continue the wotk.' At !Ia-niiL' , NV'.v Vmk. Kd
ward Learned &. Co. cany on the business of quanving
and cutting maibie. A emitiaetwas made with liiem tor
tile tnaible of the Chaileston custom Iioum—a tonti..ct so
indefinite and confused that any eonstiuetion could lie put
upon it, even the sijle of aichitectiue being ijjisnamed,
and the matenul hems changed tmmgiamte to matble alter
a previous eontiaet bad been made with the aituie parlies.
Tn January, 1861, alter South (Jaiolina had seceded,! .earned
& Co. notified the Tieasnrv Depai tmeut that they had eel-
tain material on hand, and claimed inspection and payment
undei a clause of the eontiaet. Air. Clink, the aetnnr en-
gineer m cliaige, to whom the matter was referred bvSec-
retaiy Dix. whose lettei we heiewith submit, went to Hast-
ings and leturned with a st In'dtllc of iliatciial llieie to the
amount of.343.tlBl fiO, wlueli he and Mr. Young, the super-
vising fllehitect, repolted to be correct, anil the sum of
$;}.!,-iyti l2U, or seventy-five per cent on the whole amount,
wis p lid out on it; that is to say, $98,382 70 in ea-h, and
$3,013 50 allowed by the eoutraetois lor a pievious ovcr-
pfument. Mr. Chili;, m a lettei to the chairman of the
Senate Finance Couiuutee.dated Fi biuaiy 12, ItiGI, states
as the lesnlt ol' a careful v ■' of Ins notes, after an offi-
cial visit' to tile quany, that lie tound 'a large quantity of
niaible in eveiy style ot progress, fioin the iou?h block to
tin' elaboiale e.u ved ornamental \yoik. reudyloi shipment '
and lie thinks ' its total value would not much, 1/ any, ex-
ceed $100,000.' Desiious to ascertain if this huge quantity
ofm.utile was leally at Hastings, the committeesuitth'-'te
Mi. Oeitley. the Government computer, an ofaeei in the
lUneau of Construction, and Me-si*. Hamilton and Chis-
key, piactieal stone-eutters and aie'iiteets. Theie was a
perfect eoiicuneoce betwe"n these g< ntlemen upon their
letuin. Tb'*ii testimony shows that the marble on which
Learned & Co. were paid at the late of £-13.061 fiO, the
schedule of which will be found in the testimony of Mr.
Young, was worth at a fair maiket priec fiom nine thou-
sand to twelve thousand dollais; that ali the lnaible out-
side ot the schedule, even at the rate of price named in it,
could not exceed $10,000, and, as Mr. Oertlev said, at a
liberal market price would be worth not more liian $6,000.
By the testimony of these ireiitlemei^} seems that the Gov-
ernment, undet the auspices of Messrs. Clark and Young,
have been paying $5,785 93 for capitals that,cut in Italian
marble, would he worth not more than one thousand or
twelve hundred dollars; that upon the item of capitals
alone, as shown pameularly by."Mr. Hamilton, the Govern-
ment pays 8295,081 92 lor wliat would cost at a fair market
pi ice §51,000, or an excess over the value of §244,081 93.
Mr. BROOKS. All that I have to say, in con-
clusion, is that this public document was long ago
to my knowledge brought to the attention of the
Secretary of the Treasury if not to the President
of the United States, and yet that gentleman has
been intrusted with the terrific power of printing
the public money.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York under what Administration this
amount of money was extravagantly expended in
the construction of the Charleston custom-house,
and under what Administration the contract with
Learned & Co. was made.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not going to enter into
any of these party conflicts. I stand on my own
line. I find that there is this difference between
the Democratic and Republican parties, that when
the Democrats lay their hands deep in the public
money—as Fowler, the defaulting postmaster at
New "York—they hide their headsand shirk offin
the first steamship to a foreign country, whereas
the defaulting Republicans stand on their native
heath and claim the highest public offices.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Then I understand from the
gentleman that the enormous and need less expend-
iture of over two million dollars for the Charles-
tun custom-house was made under the Adminis-
tration of Mr. Buchanan, and that the contract
with Learned & Co. was also made under the
same Administration. 1 suppose that if we had the
real facts in that case we would asceitain that by
the interesting working of New York city poli-
tics, Mr. Fowler was afforded an opportunity
by the friends of the Administration to make his
escape, and his sureties also remained in safety.
They were taken cure of by the Administration,
which was the Administration of the party which
the gentleman desires to see again elevated to
power. I would suggest to the gentleman that
he may also find some vtyry valuable information
in regard to thisquestion oFfrauds, if he will inves-
tigate the Fort Snelling frauds and give to the
House a statement concerning them.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman can make noth-
ing by any such reference to me. I voted against
Mr. Buchanan. How did the gentleman vote?
Mr.WILSON. I voted against-Mr. Buchanan,
and am against those who are now desiring to
bring that party into power again.
Mr. BROOKS. Did the gentleman from Iowa
vote for Mr.Pierce?
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman should try to
asceitain my political antecedents, he might run
me back into the Whig party; but that has noth-
ing to do with the matter. If the gentleman wants
to become the champion of that Chaileston ex-
pendituie, oi oftlie Learned contract, or of the Fort
Snelling swindle, or of the escape of Fowler and
his securities, it is all well. I am not here for that
purpose. I interrupted the gentleman with a view
of getting from him definitely the information
which he seems to possess.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman shall make no such issue with me. I have
nothing whatever to do with the disbursements
nf the Charleston custom-house whether under a
Whig or a Demociatic Administration. The point
I make, and which I wish the committee to com-
prehend,is this: when this Mr.Spencer M.Clark
was known to have reported fraudulently on this
matter of the Charleston custom-house he was not
only kept in office but promoted to the highest
pecuniary position in the country—that ot man-
uftictuling the public money. That has been
! known for mouths to the Secretaiy ol the Treas-
j! tiry, if not to the President of the United States.
!j That is the issue. It matters not whether lie is
| one of inv party or one of his party; that is not
i' the question, but did the Secretary of theTreasury
;i know or not when he made Mr. Clark the printer
! of the public money that there was a public doc-
i ument charging him with fiaud.and made by the
party to which the gentleman belongs? That is
I the issue. If he has anything to say on that I
| shall be happy to hear him. That is all I have
i say. , . , .
I Mr. STEVENS. 1 am not quite sure to what
amendment the gentleman bag been speaking..
Will the Clerk report the amendment? " :
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is in order,
and no amendment is'pending.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought the gentleman was"
speaking to some amendment. I believed that*
something had been proposed, for I could not think,
that this was not for some purpose. I could not
believe that this discussion arose from any dispo-
sition on the part of the gentleman to indulge in
a political harangue. I do not think that this busi-
ness of the country is to be interrupted without
definite action, and merely for the purpose of
making a political speech against the administra-
tion of the Government. Hence I thought that I
had overlooked the fact of an amendment being
pending.
However, sir, to say a word in addition, I do
not think it worth while to reply at large to the
reraaiks of the gentleman from New York, be-
cause, according to his own statement, he has the
sympathy of no party, stands by himself, speaks
nobody's opinions but his own, and expects no-
body to believe him. [Laughter.] Thatbeingthe
case, I do not feel that it is necessary to correct
what has been said if there were anything to cor-
rect. I know that frauds are committed under
every administration of the Government. I know
that rogues get into office under every Adminis-
tration. I believe that a few such have got into
office under this Republican Administration who
have been bequeathed to us by the former Admin-
istration, and which this Administration thought
proper to spare as monuments of mercy. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 never agreed to that policy. 1 made per-
sonal efforts to have Mr. Clark dismissed from
office. I wanted him withall the other ravenous
birds of the last Administration to be turned out.
But he was retained. He is a man of genius. He
is a man of marked ability and industry. What
lie has done under the Administration since I do
not know. I hope that by reason of his new as-
sociates he has been affected by their saving grace.
[Laughter.] I hear statements are made against
him, but nothing against him that he has done
since lie has been where he was placed by this
Administiation. I know that he is a most inge-
nious and industrious man; and I say this although
1 protested against his retention.
I will never consent, however, to get into polit-
ical discussions on general appropriation bills. It
IS true that theie are deficiencies in the various
appropriations for the current year, which had not
been anticipated when these estimates were made
hist year. Itis true that there are optimists in our
party who have hoped every ninety days that this
war would be ended. Of course they have made
their estimates hoping that that event would take
place, hoping then as now that there would not be
a large appropriation needed. We did notknow
that the people would not agree with the gentle-
men on the other side of the House—whether they
would agree that we should lay down our arms,
withdraw our armies, and suffer peace to be ac-
cepted. It was not to the last election that we were
sure, for thosymptoms were previously unfavor-
able. Hence it was that these estimates were
made under the contingency that possibly they
mi°"ht not be needed for the last half of this year.
Gentlemen will understand that this money has
not yet been expended. The appropriation was
made a year ago for the year 1864. There has
been enough to carry the Government on for six
months, but there are six months yetto come,for
which there is no appropriation. It is to provide
for the employmentof these men for the next six
months that these appropriations are asked. This
is to carry the Government on to the 1st of July,
1864. As to the large increase of appropriations,
everybody knows that expenses are growing from
year to year. The clerical force of the Depait-
ments is not now sufficient for the purposes of the
Government.
There is a great difference between this and the
time when the gentleman and I were in Congress
together in olden times, when he used to denounce
]i Demociatic corruption with some unction; and I
!| used to listen to him with pleasure, though I never
j took any part in it myself. But then the Army
was eighteen thousand strong, now it is six or
seven hundred thousand; then the appropriations
were seventy or eighty millions a year, now 'j)°y
are eight or nine hundred millions a year; and all
the machinery which was provided for the former
