1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
object in a!l that I have done in this matter has
been practical utility. That I feel would be sac-
riiicetl to a name if the motion of my colleague
were adopted. Sir, there could be no practical
utility from this bill if you place the care of the
freedmen in the one Department and the care of
the plantations in the other. By the logic of the
case, by the humanity of the case, by the com-
mon sense of the ease, those two must be placed
in the sgme Department unless you. wish in ad-
vance to sow discord and strife not only between
the two Departments, but between the several
local agents of each respectively.
I, sir, am not alone in these views. All those
who have had occasion to consider the subject
carefully and practically, whatever may have been
their impression at the beginning, have been con-
ducted to the same precise result. There is one
cardinal principle which must be followed in
determining where this bureau shall be lodged.
You cannot depart from it without sacrificing the
whole case. It is simply this: the care of the
abandoned plantations and the care of the freed-
men must go together; they cannot be separated.
As Congress by successive acts of legislation has
placed the care of the abandoned-plantations in
the Treasury Department, it must logically now
place the care of the freedmen in the same De-
partment. Why, sir, only this morning you
Lave passed a bill almost unanimously which
continues in the Treasury Department the care of
the abandoned plantations,.and couples with it
.also to a certain extent the care of the freedmen.
It is as follows:
'•That in addition to the captuted and abandoned prop-
el ty to be received, collected, and di-po-^ed ni, a^ piovuled i
in said act, Ujo said agent-* retail take cliaige of and lea-e. !
for period* not exceeding twelve months, the abandoned |
lands, houses, and tenements within the diM i icH therein i
named, and shall also piovtde, In Mich leases or otherwise, i
for the employment and general welfare of nil persons '
within the Une"  of national mihtaiy occupation within ^aid I
insurrectionary States formerly held as btaves, who are 01 j
shall become tree.'' I
Under that provision the Treasury Department
will bo confirmed still further in the care of the
abandoned plantations, and it will also have as-
sociated with those plantations, as I have already
said, to a certain-extent the care of the freedmen;
and yet it is proposed by my colleague by his
amendment to transfer the care of the'freedmen
to the War Department. What then can the Sec-
retary of the Treasury do for the fieedmen; and,
sir, if this bill becomes a law which has already
passed this body to-day, 1 ask on the other side
what can the Secretary of War do f«r the planta-
tions? The Secretai y of War can not touch them,
and yet he ought to be able to manage them in
order to become the efficient benefactor of the
freedmen. i
My colleague dwelt on the power of the War 1
Department, through its military agencies,as the
natural protector of the freedmen. Sir, cannot
the War Department, through those agencies,con-
tinue to exercise that protection ? There la noth-
ing in this bill to interfere withlt; on theeontrai y,
it is invited. Conferring the care and the super-
intendence upon the Treasury Department does
not take from the War Department the duty or
the power of protection.
Still further, I have already said on former oc-
casions that if we look at the great body of freed-
men we shall find that they are divided into two
classes, those that may be called the military
class, and the other those that may be called the
predial class, the farm laborers. The military
clas3,constituiing perhaps one half at this moment,
embracing those enlisted as soldieis or as labor-
ers in the national forces, are naturally under the
care of the War Department. They do not re-
quire the protection of this bill. But it is the
other class that 1 have called the predial class or
the farm laborets that require the protection of
this bill, and that protection can be adequately
afforded through the plantations. Whoever un-
deitakes to protect them must be able to bring
them in some way or other on to the plantations.
Unless that can be done, nothing is done. I hope,
therefore, the proposition of my colleague will
not be adopted. 1 say frankly, that if it should
be adopted I shall consider the bill worse than
nothing1. The bill that has already been passed
bv the Senate to-day will be far better than the
bill as my colleague would make it, and 1 should
be pei fectly content with that if his proposition
should prevail.
Mr. WILSON. My colleague says that the
abandoned plantations and the freedmen ought to
go together under t he same Department. That may
be true; but because we have put the plantations
under the control of the Treasury Department 1
do not think it follows that we should put the
freedmen under that Department. 1 think the
freedmen ought to be put before the plantations.
In the valley of the Mississippi the Treasury
Department has signally failed and is failing to-
day in protecting the plantations that have been
leased and the freedmen that are upon them; and
the persons who have rented estates are pleading
and begging with the War Department for its
protection. 1 admit that on the Atlantic coast,
under the guns of our Army, theTreasury agents
have been able to take care of a certain number
of freedmen, and have been able to do it very
well; but they could have done just as .well even
there if they had been agents of the War Dtpart-
ment instead of the Treasury Department.
Now, sir, look at the condition of tilings. Our
Army advances into Georgia, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, and the fieedmen gather around the Army,
welcome the Army, rally around the flag, and
we enlist the able-bodied men as soldiers, or use
them in the quartermasters department or as la-
borets; but then there are the old men and the
women and thechiklren, those incapable oflabor-
irig, who aie to be disposed of, taken care of. Is
the Treasuiy Department able to do it? Are ita
amenta there able to do u? Must they not for j
weeks, pei haps months, be suppoitcd by the i
Army? No doubt of it.
I am of the opinion still, notwithstanding the
views of my colleague to which 1 am accustomed
to pay great deference on this as on other ques-
tions, that this bmeau should be in the War De-
partment. My colleague tells me that everybody
who has examined thi« subject thinks otherwise.
I think he must certainly be mistaken aboutthat.
I have seen letters from some very clear-headed,
practical,earnest men, maintaining the view which
I have piesentcd. 1 went to General Thomas,
when he was recently here in Washington from
the Southwest, and laid the matter before him. 1
went to him for mfoi mation; I put the case before
him, and asked him to give me mfoimattori, and
give'me his opinion, which he did fully. I asked
him on two subjects, one on the conduct of the
colored men as soldiers, on which he wrote me a
letter,and the other in regard to this buieau,and
he expressed his opinion in the strongest manner
in favor of putting this-bureau in the War De-
partment, and on the ground of the protection of
the fieedmen and economy to the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. My Simple proposition was
that the plantations and the freedmen must go
together. I am perfectly willing that the freed-
men should go to the War Department if my col-
li ague will see that the other matter is placed there
also. He must not consider me as opposed to
the War Depai tmeut; he must only consider me
as bowing to the exigency of the case, bowing
to its logic, lo its reason. I have not followed my
partialities or my prejudices, for those would
have carried me with my colleague. I have sim-
ply lieaikened to what seemed to me to be unan-
swerable reason. For instance, hercaie the woids
of General Banks:
<•' The assignment of the abandoned or forfeited planta-
tions to one bepaitment ot the Government, and the pro-
tection and support ot the emancipated people to another,
is a fundamental eiror, productive of incalculable evilb,
and cannot be too soon oi too thoroughly corrected."
Then the freedmen's commission, composed
of Mr. Owen, Colonel McKay, and Dr. Howe,
after jeviewmg some of the reasons bearing ot
this question, conclude:
"After the mo*t thorough investigation. I am author-
ized in sa\ ing that thi* i  the deliberate judgment of the
comimsMon.*'
That was the cardinal idea which guided the
committee in preparing the bill; and it was be-
cause they did not feel authorized to propose to
the Senate to take from the Tieasury Department
the care of the abandoned plantations that they
-felt 1i their duty to propose to place the care of
the freedmen in that Department.
Air. WILSON. I have made this motion and
stated my reasons for it, and my judgment is not
convinced by anything my colleague has said;
hut lhave this feeling: "tins subject has been com-
mitted to him, he has examined it; he has brought
forth this bill; he strenuously maintains this po-
sition. I think it an error; I do not befieve in
the position. I believe it would be better to hove
the freedmen under the War Department abd.
have the lands there too.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.-
Mr. WILSON. But there seems to be a diffi-
culty in bringing that about at this moment. I
do not wish to take the responsibility of givinga
turn to this bill contrary to the wishes of my col-
league, who has had the direction of it; rind hav-
ing stated my judgment and opinion, and they
remain unchanged, I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the_amendment reported by the select com-
mittee on slavery and freedmen, as it has been
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Tiie bill was reported to the Senate as-amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concuri ing in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to except to two of
the amendments to the amendment made in com-
! mittee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
' state that but one amendment comes up for con-
i currence, and that is the amendment of the com-
; mittee as amended, a substitute for the original
bill. The Senator can move to amend thatamend*
ment before it is concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move to amend the
amendment by striking out in line eight of section
two the words "the Pi esident of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, " and instating ** the Secretary of the Treas-
! ury." That was the original form of the bill.
! My objection is in the first place that it causes at
; once a discord between this bill and the bill which
i the Senate has passed to-day relating to aban-
i doned property and plantations. In that bill the
i Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to ap-
i point agents who aie to enter into possession of
j the abandoned lands, houses, and tenements,and
! to proceed also to find, as far as practicable, em-
; ployment for the freedmen. I was aware of that
1 bill while this was pending,and oneortwoamend-
; ments which I introduced into this bill were to
j bring it completely into harmony with that, so
j that the two bills should work together. But the
j proposition which was moved by the Senator
i from Iowa, and which I now propoRe to amend,
' causes a dmcord. If the Senator from Iowa will
i look at it, he will see that the very service which
| by the bill now under consideration is to be per-
! formed by an assistant commissioner to be ap-
pointed by the President by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, under the other bill
may be pei formed by an agent who receives his
appointment from the Secretary of the Treasury
alone. 1 wish to bring the two bills into har-
mony. That is my single object. But for that I
should not make the proposition. The Senator
from Iowa will remember that I did not oppose
his amendment when he offered it yesterday; but
now that the Senate has passed the other bill, in
order that both of them may work well, that
each may perform its function properly and with-
out any discoid between the two, I ask that my
bill shall be brought back to its original charac-
ter by striking out the words introduced on the
motion of the Senator from Iowft and inserting
u the Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. GRIMES. If there was anything that
could astonish me more than the original propo-
sition in this bill authorizing the appointment of
these officers at the mere ipse dixit of the Secre-
tary.of the Treasury, it would be the suggestion
of the Senator from Massachusetts,after the sub-
ject has been thoroughly discussed and a conclu-
sion arrived at by the Senate, to restore the pro-
vision as it was originally in the bill. What are
these commissioners? As the bill now stands,
two of these commissioners are to be appointed
for each State. As an example, take the States
of Mississippi and Louisiana. Each of those
States is to be divided into two departments; each
commissioner will probably have the superin-
tendence of two or three hundred thousand col-
oied men. They are to have, each of them, the
superintendence and charge of the renting, the
disposing, the leasing, the receipt of the rents tar
one half of all the plantations vWMu the State.
Millions of dollars probably in a year will pass
through their hands. And yet it is proposed to
