tMe congressional globe.
January 25.
state of things was nothing compared to present
exigencies, and it is necessary to go on gradually
from year to year, as fast as they can,extending
accommodations and buildings for the increased
and increasing clerical force.
1 can state a single fact illustrating that in ref-
erence to the Second Auditor. He has a much
larger force than when the war commenced, but
so many are the dead of this war, so many are
asking for the bounty and back pay of their
slaughtered children and dead husbands, and so
many maimed men" are asking for bounties, that
on the 31st day of December lust the clerical force
was only sufficient to bring up the last case of
just one year back; and there were seventy-two
thousand cases filed which had not been touched.
Now, 1 know nothing more cruel which comes
within my public observation,and nothing which
touches my heart more, than to see the widows
of deceased soldiers, and to see maimed soldiers
gather around nie, asking me why it is that their
cases have been delayed so long, and why they
cannot be actcd on, so that they can have relief
and be able to supply ffieir families with bread.
Sir, I ask nothing, and the committee ask for
nothing, but what they deem absolutely essential
for carrying on the Government in its present
condition. 1 had hoped that no shade of politics
would have entered into the discussion of this de-
ficiency bill, and I am glad to see that there is no
party which makes itnow. It is an isolated gen-
tleman, without a party, who is conspicuous on
this occasion.
I do not intend, as I said before, to answer all
things which may possibly be said, but I do ask
that the House will consider this bill, and if there
is anything recommended here which the country
can do without, let amendments to that cfl'ect be
offered, I care not from what side. I should be
glad to reduce the expenditures and still carry on
the Government with proper energy. Until we get
through this bill I hope gentlemen will Auburn
putting in political speeches, and until we go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, where all of uu, perhaps, will be willing
or disposed to discuss all these questions m a po-
litical point, of view. 1 shall be glad to hear the
gentleman from New York upon this bill if he
does not go off into political topics.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to propose an
amendment to line twenty-one, and I desire to
call the attention of the chairman of the commit-
tee to it, as he allowed the line to be passed with-
out noticing it.
Mr. STEVENS. Some gentlemen wore talk-
ing to mi', and 1 did not notice the rending.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will give way to the
gentleman, and allow liini to offer the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out ill line
twenty-one the word " one" wheie it first occurs,
and insei t " four," and stnke out " four" and in-
sert " one;" so that the clause will lead:
In the First CnmptioHei odiee, live eleik-* of elas.s
four niul lour of elu^s one, .substituted i*>r one ol cKi'-s one,
$4, BOO.
The amendment way agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend by striking
out lines fifty-eight and fifty-nine, as follow*:
For compensation of the suivejor geneial of Illinois* and
Missouri, $1,668 48.
I presume that if the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means will look into the law he
will not object to til" amendment. According to
my recollection, he Will find thete is no such of-
fice—thai it was abolished .some yea is wince. The
last Congress refused to make this appropriation
upon that giound. 1 know it has been before
Congiess several times, and has been genetally
rejected, if rejected at .all, upon the ground that
the office by the terms of its own limitation under
some former act had expired. I cannot at this
moment call to mind the act under which the of-
fice ceased to exist. I am certain that the time
has long since past, and that there is no such of-
fice in existence as smveyor of the two States of
Missouri and Illinois. I move to strike out the
section, therefore.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I think the gentle-
man from Indiana is mistaken. Authority, I think,
was given to elo^e up the oiuceua soon as certain
records could bo brought up; but it was utterly
impossible to biing up the records of the office
within the time limited,and it has been extended
from time to time, and last Congress made a pro-
vision font. Thegentleman is mistaken. I rec-
ollect very well that it was upon my own motion
that this appropriation was made at the first ses-
sion of the last Congress.
Mr. IiOLMAN. I believe the appropriation
was not made at the last session of the last Con-
gress.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not know m
regard to that. I know that at the first session
of "the last Congress the appropriation was made.
I do not know whether 1 made the motion my-
self, but I was instrumental in havms: it made
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, for the reason that it was impossible to
finish the business of the office and bring^up the
records properly showing the titles to the lands
in those States within the time limited.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would ask the gentleman
if the law did not put an end to this office within
a given period, and whether that period has not
elapsed some years since?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I do not recollect
the language of the act. My impression of it is
that it discontinued the office, leaving itdiscve-
tionary with the Commissioner of the Land Office
to continue it until these records should be prop-
erly brought up.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that this ap-
propriation ought not to be made. I know that
it was not made by the last Congress at its last
session.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. It seems to me that
it ought to be made, because this surveyor general
has been retained in his position, has been fully
occupied, and has performed the work, and the
Government ought not to expect work from an
individual without payment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 suggest to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. IIolmanJ that he withdraw his
amendment, and move to insert after the word
" Missouri" the words " the office to he closed
hereafter,"and I will state the reason. I remem-
ber that the last Congress consolidated our land
business in these two" States, supposing that the
work would be ended by this time, l'ut from the
repoit of this officer, on page 7 of the estimates,
it will be found that we have already given instruc-
tions for the office to be closed and discontinued,
and the archive^, the oiiginal recoids, given over
to the recorder of land titles in Missouri. But as,
m order to wind up the whole business and trans-
fer these records, it would require the sum here
asked for, [ think we had better pay it, and put
in a provision under which no fuither appropria-
tion can be made.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania submit that amendment? It would
take precedence of the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana to strike out.
Mi. STEVENS. I will offer that amendment.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 now withdraw the motion
to Stlike out.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert after line
so\enty-two, the following:
Foi bahuy of :m additional SecieUiy of War, $1,.">00.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk ie;u! the following clause:
To supjil} a deficiency in the appioprmtiou I'oi fuel, and
equipment mul i'°ei mting, in the Bureau ot Equipment and
Reel uitnig, $".2,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to call the attention of
the committee to this expenditure for fuel. 1 sup-
pose it is necessary, but 1 wish we had more in-
formation on the subject than we have in the pub-
lic documents. We are called upon by this bill
to appropriate §<2,000,000 for this purpose, and
in the naval bill llure is an appiopiintion of
$3,840,000, so that the House is called upon at
this session to appionriate $5,840,000 for fuel. My
impression is that this expenditure is not very
well managed or it would not be so huge. If the
gentleman has any documents on the subject, I
should be glad if he would communicate them to
| the House.
I Mr. STEVENS. I have here some documents
! from the Department, showing the reasons why
| this expenditure is necessary, and I ask that they
! be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Navy Department, January 18,1864.
Sir: I have the honor to invite the attention ot the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to the inclosed communication
dated the 12th instant, from the Chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting, in reference to deficiencies m
the appropiia lions tor "fuel3' and u equipment." It is
stated that the auin ot $2,000,000 will bo required to meet
the deficiencies for the cuircnt fiscal year, of which sum
$1,500,000 are requiied for "fuel," and the remainder lor
Very respectfully, &c., GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. A. H. RICE, Chairman of the Committee on Naval
Jijfairs, House of Representatives.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting,
Washington, January 12, 1804.
Sir: I have the honor to state that the sum of $2,000,000
will be reqnned to meet the deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for "fuel and equipment" during the remainder of
the fiscal year. Of this sum, $1,500,000 are requiied for
fuel, &c.
Inclosed is an exhibit showing the expenditures under
the appropriation for fuel for the Navy to 30th December,
1863, inclusive.
Out increasing Navy and the contingencies of war render
it impossible, with a proper regaul for economy, to estimate
in advance for the actual requiiements mutef these appro-
pi mtions.
The appropiiation asked for is based upon the actual ex-
peuditmcs of the la^t six months.
I have the honor to be, verv respectfully, your obedient
SCl,Bmt' H. N. SMITH,
Chief of Bureau^ ad into im.
Hon. Gideon Wem.es, Secretary oj the Ifamj.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to insert after the
word "dollars," in the eighty-second line, the
following:
For salary of commissioner to codify the naval laws un-
der joint resolution of March 3, 1863, $3,991 67.
Mr. BROOKS. Have the laws been codified
al>Mr.ySTEVENS. The last Congress passed an
net creating a commissioner for this purpose with
a salary of $2,000.
JV'lr. BROOKS. Has the service been rendered?
Mr. STEVENS. The commissioner has been
laboring up to this time on this business, and is
still engaged in it.
The amendment was agieed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the follow-
ing clause:
For salary of the mmistei at Salvador, from April 16,1863,
to June 30, 1864, at $7,500 per annum, $9,682.
I offer that amendment upon the principle stated
in my opening remarks.
The committee proceeded to divide.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps the gentleman is not
aware that this appointment was made in pursu-
ance of an act passed April 16, 1863. .No, I am
not sure as to the date.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is now-
dividing, and no debate is in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will be permitted
to explain.
The CHAIRMAN. By unanimous consent
the gentleman from Pennsylvania can be hoard
further on the subject. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. *
Mr. STEVENS. I thought I had the right act
under which the appointment of this minister was
made, but on looking over it 1 find it is not what
I wanted.
Mr. BROOKS. I think the gentleman will not
find any authority for the appointment of this
minister cxcept our appropriation made the other
day in the consular and diplomatic bill. I think
that is the first authority given for it by Congress.
In my impression the Secretary of State has crea-
ted the post without the leastauthority whatever.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. IUCE, of Massachusetts. I desire to
know from the chainnan of the Committee of
Ways and Means why the committee has notre-_
ported the nppropi iutions asked for by the Bureau
of Provision and Clothing for tho Navy.
Mr. STEVENS. The chief of that buieau was
befoie the committee, but he produced no author-
ity from the Secretaiy of the Navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I placed in the
hands of the Committee of Ways and Means last
week a communication on the subject.
Mr. STEVENS. We asked for an explana-
tion,
Mr. RICE, ofinB$adsachusetts. My opinion
