2358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
all contracting parties shall be kepton their guard
ill respect to it,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose (be difficulty
would be to find persons to enter into such a con-
tract. 1 am aware that parlies may make any
contracts they please, and th&y will bmd them
unless they are so unconscionable and unjust that
acourtof equity will set them aside on the ground
of fraud or some undue advantage having been
taken by one party of the other. But i do not
see any necessity for putting this provision in the
law, if the company has power to make such a
contract at any rate in case it can find parties
willing to contract on such terms.
Mr. RICH A11DSON. I am en lainly under
very great obligations to the Sc nafur A om M lch-
igau for the great trouble he hay taken to inform
mo exactly what is the question that is hefoie the
Senate, tie is entitled to my thanks, and I re-
turn them to him for it; but while he is giving
information lootheis, I suggest to the Senator
that he had better enlighten himself exactly as to
the effect that his bill will have. I liiideitake to
say that if the pi oposed clause be nisei led in each
Cvintraet ih.it is made, the load will cost mou-
thful it would ot hi i'wim1, becau.se no man will entei
into a contiact with the company that may be
abrogated in six monihs at the pleasure of the
company, unless he can rnuke a much larger pi olit
than he would otheiwise demand.
Mr, CONNIES. The Senator ftom Illinois,
| Mr. Rjciiaiuhon, ) when he was up befou, called
attention to my position as 1m ing m advocacy of
a violation of contiacts. The Senator ccttiiiniy
misundeistood me.
Mr. R1 CI IA RDSON. That is an implication.
[ did not. mean to charge the Senator with that.
I meant only to say that the Senator favoied the
graining of power to abrogate the contracts; 1
used the term " repudiate."
Mr. CO;NiNESS. I hold in my hand the ie-
port of the organization and pux-cedings of the
Union Pacific Raih oad (Join pan y, which company
we are now legislating lor as nearly a-; we can be
said to 1m- legislating lor any company. Tin y have
oigani/.ed lor the puipo.se of tin- eon -at uctmn of
Ihe rentri of I li us g n\i ( i oad. Wi nei a I Jehu A . 1 )i \,
president. I find that their pctspioui'y and tin u
e\pei lenee have developed just such a provision
in their by-laws, and it is alieady included m
them. The expeiience of railroad nun has sug-
gested the necessity of a provision very neaily
like this. I will lead it ftom page 'tf of t lieii pi o-
eeedmgs: it occurs in the foim of a lesoluLoii,
thus;
u iiVw/iW, 'I'll.it in alt eontM'-u I.ji jiuii'i i,i1 v anil con
stn:< Uimi ih.it iji.iv In ni.ttli |nid{ m lie- oiii.iniln^ tin* <|r
sifi'd il.ittnli ol < 'me'i e -. amend nil; I lie r. nnp i n\ ' ^ rh u
(el, a e|:iil-c ;-{s.i!J i it \ ,u l.lMy be til I'lh-tl I ■' - e i V111 the
pmvet in thul'o.tui, n- eM'iuihviM'Diununi'f, oi ,iiiv uilicci
ot lln* '•oni|i.in > thtl} atithoi (/,<•( I, to I «'i mm.it e mi< h i us timet
 t unV tune vviu-ii Uk'V --Inill ill11)k |H' jiri, w illioiu elaniK
lot dnuia^' on tin- (t.«il « | ihr eonli'iriuj-> (oi ;my maicual
HOI lb tlvcM-d (>i wuiK nut acUMlij <i"Mle.',
The only dilfeience between tins puniMoh
adopted volmn.udy by the construciois of ihu
road an<i (In* provision pioposed to be s'neken
out of the btli which w.is nitiodmed m!o il by
the <-oitin11ti('c, m found ni the : ihe proM,aon of
the hill is that ;iiI contiacts f«>r labor and ,v i-
Vfes, lliafei ml.; of ever)' desci ipt ion , ami f< a t
poi l.ti ion, hail be subject to ih is eondll nm , while
the tui« adopted by the Union Pacilic Railroad
Company is tha' tins lesineliou shall bo applied
to all cuutmefs fot materials and constnu tmn.
The bill eppln s tie' res trie! ion .il -o [o eon f me Is lot-
labor, and set vie.es, and itan poi l.iiioii. Whethei
the piovision now piopoM-d to ho siiieken out
should be made to eonlonn io the |)iov;-,oi:
adopted voluntarily by the Union Paeifa- Rail-
mad Company is a ipiesi urn, I ^ujjcSv*, of out
 'iue|i nnpoi tai>e,e. That may be done, if rI>• >
i'.er'Ptc piefer; but to stuke out f f the jaw pi o-
vidin^ f'.u the conhtruc'.mn of lit? me.it i\a-iiic
rniho.id, Vv hicli is appiieabl" to nx companies,
liio eonivaient of j jirovisjon adooL'-d !• y this
company, seems to tae to be an un v/auanteU pro-
k ecdm^; on our pai t.
I '•.( ltamlj' never meant that nn hn-iost contract
Klmuld be broken; hut I ?jiefint m mivt/catniic tho
rerontion of this clause and rlus powe4 m' the
board ^f directors, that it should he n n^trirtion
upon the diroctois; ami make it improfuable to
Diem to makesueh contracts,and unj>rolitai>le to
contraelorfi to untci mto contacts thai would be
palpably in violation of the interests of the com-
pany and the country, i hope this clause will
not be stnckenout. If the Senate refuse to strike
it out, they can, if they please, make the provis-
ion conform to the provision in the organization
of the Union Pacific Railroad Company, which
will make it apply to contracts for materials and
construction only, and 1 rather think that would
be a good change.
Mr. RICHARDSON. A single word in reply
to the Senator from California, and I will not
trouble the Senate again. If this provision is m
the by-laws of the company, and enters into the
contiacts, and persons see proper to make con-
tracts with such provision in them, I see no ob-
jection to that. The company have the power
ample and sutlicient to do that with the consent
of the contractors.
Mr. COiN.NESS. The Senator will permit mc
lti^lit heie to say that one company has adopted
tins. We are making- a law to govern six com-
panies. The law should be uniform. We have
no guarantee that each of those six companies
Will adopt such a provision. 1 suggest to the Seii-
•atoi in all ica.soti that if (lie company who liave
organized and agieed to build tins road from the
one hundt-'dih meridian to the eastern boundary
of the State of California have "volantaiily sub-
jected themselves to a piovision of this kind, it
is cot tainly no hatdship to them nor to the other
companies to niseit such a piovision m the law,
so that it .diall be nunc than a by-law to each of
the companies.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no_ tumble
about it. if flu.'Senator from California and 1
enter into a oontroet, and i agu-c m thatcontiact
that he shall teinunate it in six months, that is a
part of my cousku t. If the men with whom you
eonttnct agree that you shall have the power to
teriui nate it, lh.it i.> all 11  ht and pi opei. What
I object to is the c,.ofi i ring t h'- [ luwer on t ht com-
pany wi! hou t .-aa' ii con ti act to let mi nate il at thei r
will by giving si\ month:.1 notic-* I sav the
pouei is o\(iaordniary, it might not to in; ."unit-
ed; it en.tides lite company to commit bands on
e\i i \ body <• v erv w bete, e.vepi, with those that
they nnike .i wiitl'-it contract Willi. Wheie you
put it into the contract, there is no double,^ i
have shown; hut your law doey not require you
to put it into the contiact. You go on and eoii-
tuut as the Si nator fiom California s.iys, for the
lion to eonstrurt the load; the iion fails in pnee;
the person with whom you have contracted has
obtained it at a binb price m order that he m.iy
comply With his con ti act; if it is wot th tot t y dol-
lars .i ton now, he gets the n on at that price; i f it
falls ofl'lo twenty dollais, you can give six months'
notice under the bill if it be passi d as it is now,
and take no bat ot his iron, and buy other n on at
l the [n ice at which you can then buy ir, under the
] pio\i.auus of the bill as pie.Mmted to the Senate
In-day.
Mr. COi\NK.SS. I reply to the Senafoi fiotn
Illinois that t have no objection, and I think his
suggestion is a good one, to reipuu- the company
in each case to tnseit ibis as a condition in each
contract they make
The PR KS11 )K„\T pro U mjno The quest ion
is on I he amendnuntoi the Senator Irom Illinois
| .Mr. Tn(rMi,ri,j J to the amemhuent of the com-
1 miilee.
:, The amendment to the amendment, was agreed to.
i, Mr. SilKKMAN. I desire to oAer an amend-
'1 nn-nl to this same section. 1-y section two there
' is no pioMsion for collecting the unpaid stork,
j and tin* only provision for enforcing th x runedy
is to fot f'at s In- sto< k. The company i^ i equired
I j absolutely to foi !eit the sto< k in Case a stock !i older
! fads to pay. Thei'.' ou^ht to be ti pr>vi.^a>n au-
II ! !mriving the cnmp\ny to :<dl the siock or to coi -
led tin- unpaid balance. Doth powias onglit to
be iiiyen to (hecontpany; otherwise a^toekholder
1 iiiigbt, alter paying the Jirst installiueut, finding
, u v. as a 'using o; eia'ion, refuse to g(> ivrthei; he
: might have cXJi'etscd great power over the orgam-
!i zat!.-jj of the company, and yet simply by fading
:i to pay under the prou^ions of the bill as it now
j-tnnds, his stock would be forfeited and he be
! under no funhcr liability. The amendment that
1 propose authorises tlic company to sell the
b stock, in winch case he will get the benefit of any
surplus over the mip.ud assessments, and anthor-
I; izmg the com] any also to bue at then diocietioii
for the amount due-on stock. I send the amend-
ment to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
.ment will he reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in line eighteen of section two of the committee's
amendment to strike out the word " shah" and
insert " may at the discretion of said company;"
and after the word " company," in line nine-
teen, to insert "or at the discretion of said com-
pany the said stock may be sold at public auc-
tion subject to future assessments, at the ex-
change in the city of New York after ten days'
notice published m a daily newspaper m said city,
or, at the discretion of said company, the amount
due on said stock may be recovered m any court
of competent jurisdiction."
Mr. HOWARD. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to that.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POM&ROY. It occurs to me that in the
beginning of tho second section the company is
subjected to a very great expense which may be
unnecessary. 1 will call the attention of theclnur-
rnan of the committee to the fact that he lias pio-
vided m the foui th line of the second section that
notices of every assessment shall have ten inser-
tions in newspapers m eight of the cities of the
United States, m all the cities ol the United States
wheie books have been opened. Itis required that
the iioticc shall be published for ten successive
days. It occurs to mc that it will be a gieat ex-
pense with very little to accrue from it
i\lr. 1 lOWAllI). The great object was to give
ample notice of the calling in of assessments-
Mr. POMKLIOY. Thela\^obliges assessment**
to be made once m six months now. Then to
provide that in eight cities of the United Slates
tltey shall insert a notice, of them ten times will
be a great expense to tho company.
Mi. LlOWAttD. Titat piovision is on the
idea that the .stotkholdcis will be pi etty w el! dis-
tributed about the United States, that tin re will
be slockhohlet s jn at h-ast eight of th * i>rinc)jjal
nth s wheie the notiep is to be pubh>hed. I do
not see how we can veiy well avoid gicing notice
m each of those cities. It is'not likely that it will
be a source of much expense to the company,
though the expense will be something, but itwdi
be agteat convenience to the stockholders to have
nonce brought home to their own doors.
Mr. 1 f ARLAN. If the chan man ofthecon)-
mrttee has pi oposed ail the amendments he desin «
to piopose and no other Senator wishey to pro-
pose an amendment to-night, I move that the fur-
! thei consideiaiioii of the bill be postponed until
to-mot i o w.
Mr. GRIM ICS. 1 move that the Senate ad-
jottin.
Mr. SUMNER. Dcforo that motion is put,
allow me to ?'sk the Senate to take up a bill so at;
to have it in ouier to-morutw.
Mr .GIMMES. Tlu a bill eonn s up to-moi io\v.
Mr. SUMNHlt. I uiuh rsiand not. Does the
Senator from Michigan propuM.: to pioceed with
this bill to-morrow ?
Mr. HOWARD. IVs, *jr.
Mr. SUAIN Kit. Tin-it [shall not in'eipose.
Mr. GIL I.VIES. i renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; add the Senate
udjouinud.
iiuUSE OE \l EPIvESENTATl VES.
TilL'kboayj 19, IStjl.
The T louse met at twelve o 'clock, m . f.h a yet by
Rev. Dl. irl OSMKTi, of Huilalo, New York.
The Journal of yestei day wasu ad and appiovcd.
STATE (iOVEItX31K\T !• OH K3']VAI>A.
Mr. McIjRJ DE. I .uk the unanimous e/atsent
of the Tlou^e' to take from the Speak'r's f-ddc
Senate bill No. ri'jl, o> an.e-^d .in act entiih><i ''An
act to enable th*1 people of Nevada to form « con-
stitution and State government, and for the admis-
sion uf such State mto the Union on an ecpi.d
footing with the original States." It ^impiy
changes the time for the ratification of the State
constitution fVuin Oetobcr to Sej.rcmber.
Tlieie was no objection; and the hill was taker,
up, read a iiist and second time, oi dered to be r< ad
a tiuul time, and it was accoidingly read the thud
time, and parsed.
Mr. McERIDE moved to reconsider the voto
