1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claima, to
whom was referred the petition of Charles Yin-
son, praying for compensation for extra services
as a clerk in the office of the Third Auditor, have
had that matter under consideration, and directed
me to make an adverse report. If there be no
objection I move that it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The same committee, to whom
were referred the papers in relation to the claim
of George C. N. Roberts, for compensation for
services as chaplain at FortMcHenry, have had
that matter under consideration, and directed me
to make an adverse report. I move that it be in-
definitely postponed, if there be no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE KEPORT.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Patents
ar d the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
annual report of the Patent Office for the year
1863, have directed mo to report the following
resolution, providing for the printing of that re-
port:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate five thousand copies of the annual report of the Patent
Olliec for the year J 863.
This resolution goes to the Committee on Print-
ing, I believe, under the rule.
The VfC£ PRESIDENT. Not necessarily
under the rule, although perhnps it would be ap-
propriate.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be referred
to that committee.
SENTENCES OF COUHTS-MAimAL.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following resolu-
tion; which wu« considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
llesolretl, That the i'lesulent be rpque«te<l to communi-
cate to the Senate I lie names of all peisous who have been
M'ntenoedby com ts-maitial loi frauds or peculations against
the Government and pardoned by linn since the J^t of De-
cember, IKW, together with the *-entences fiom which his
pardon relieved them; and also ilie names of all persons
likewise sentenced by courts nx.nti.it tormthtaiy ofleii'-es,
uthet than liaud oi peculation, and similarly pardoned.
TKItlilTOKY OF MONTANA.
A message from the House, of Repi csentatives,
by Mr. Li.oyd, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives requested the return of
the bill (11. R. No. J5) to provide a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana, a mo-
tion having been made to reconsider the vote and
action of the House on the amendments of the
Senate.
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, Thatthe Seeretaiybc directed to return IJou-.o
bill JVo. l.j,to provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory ol Molilalia, to the House oV Representatives in pur-
suance ot Us request.
HOUSE BILLS PASSED.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and jointresolution; in which the concurrence of
the Piesidcnt was requesred:
A bil! (No, 371) for the relief of the settlers
upon certain lands in California;
A bill (No. 373) to appoint an appraiser and
assistant appraisei for the port of Portland, and
for other purposes;
A bill (jNo. 374) to exempt certain vessels
therein named from enrollment and license, and
Irom the payment of tonnage duty, and for other
purposes;
A bill (No. 287) to change the name of the dis-
trict and port of Prcsque Isle to the district and
port of Eiie; and
A joint resolution (No. 35) granting certain
privileges to the city of Des Moines, in the State
of Iowa.
MESSAGK FROM THE HOOSE.
A message; from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No.^15) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Montana, askud a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Fernando C. Beaman of
Michigan, Mr. James M. Ashley of Ohio, and
Mr. John B. Steele of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
ADDITIONAL ASSAY OFFICES.
Mr. NESMITII. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate hill No. 185.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
185) to establish assay offices at Carson City, in
the Territory of Nevada, and Dalles City, in the
State of Oregon, and for other purposes, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It is intended to provide by law that an assay
office of the United States be located and estab-
lished at Carson City, in the Territory of Neva-
da, for the receipt, melting, assaying, and stamp-
ing of gold and silver.
For carrying on the business of the office the
second section provides that there shall be ap-
pointed,.as soon as the public interest requires
their service, upon the nomination of the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, one superintendent, one assayer, and one
melter; and the superintendent is to employ as
many clerks, subordinate workmen, and labor-
ers, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, as may be required. The salaries of
those officers and cleiks will be fixed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, upon the recommenda-
tion of the Director of the Mint; and to the sub-
ordinate workmen and laborers such wages will
be paid as may be determined by the superintend-
ent of the mint, and approved by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The third section provides thatthe officers and
cleiktf, before entering upon the execution of their
offices, shall take an oath or affirmation, before
some judge of the United States or of the supreme
court of the Territory, faithfully and diligently to
perform the duties of their offices, and shall each
become bound to the United States of America,
with one or more sureties, to the satisfaction of
the Director of the Mint or the secretary of the
Territory of Nevada and of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with the condition of the faithful per-
formance of the duties of their offices.
Tht" fouith section enacta that the business of
the office shall be under the general control and
direction of the Director of the Mint at Philadel-
phia, subject to the approbation of the Secretary
of the Tieasury, and for that purpose it shall be
the duty of the Director to prescribe such regula-
tions, and to require such returns, and to establish
such charges for melting, assaying, and stamping
as shall appear to him to be necessary for the pur-
pose of cai rying into effect the intention of the act
in establishing the office.
The fifth section provides that the assay office
shall be a place of deposit for such public mon-
eys as the Secretary of the Treasury may di-
rect. And the superintendent of the office, who
shall perfoi m the duties of treasurer thereof, is to
have the custody of such moneys, and also per-
form the duties of AsaistantTrcasurcr, and for that
purpose he is to be subject to all the provisions
contained in an act entitled "An act to provide
for the better organization of the Treasury, and
for the collection, safe-keeping, tiansfet, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue," appioved Au-
gust (>, 1846, which relates to the treasurer of the
branch mint at New Orleans.
l)y the sixth section it is provided that the
owner or owners of any gold or silver bullion, in
dust or otherwise, or of any foreign coin, shall be
entitled to deposit the same in the office, and the
treasuier is to give a receipt, stating the weight
and description thereof, in the manner and under
such regulations as may be provided in like cases
of deposits at the Mint of the United States with
the treasurer thereof. And such bullion shall,
without delay, be melted, assayed, and cast into
bars or ingots, and a stamp be put upon each, of
such form and device as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, accurately desig-
nating its weight and fineness; and in this form
the bullion will be returned to the depositor upon
payment by him of the proper charges for melt-
ing, assaying, and stamping, or in lieu thereof,
he may choose, he shall icceive a certificate
issued by the treasurer, for the net value thereof,
payable in coins of the same metoj as that depos-
ited at the branch mint in San Francisco, which
certificate shall be receivable at any time within
sixty days from the date thereof, m payment of
all debts due to the United States at the port of
Sun Francisco for the full sum therein certified.
And if the deposit is Of foreign coin, after it shall
have been assayed and its net value ascertained,
a similar certificate will be issued to the depositor,
subject to the same conditions as in the case of
buliion. And all gold or silver bullion or foreign
coins deposited at the assay office, and intended
to be converted into coins of the United States,
shall, as soon as assayed and its net value certi-
fied, be transferred to the branch mint of the United
States at San Francisco, under such directions as
shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
and at the expense of the contingent fund of the
branch mint at San Francisco, and shall there be
coined. And the Secretary of the Treasury is to
be authorized to make the necessary regulations
for the adjustment of the accounts between the
respective officers, upon the transfer of any bul-
lion orcoin between the assay office and the branch
mint.
By the seventh section all the laws and parts of
laws now in force for the regulation of the Mint
of the United States and its branches, and for the
government of the officers and persons employed
therein, and for the punishment of all offenses con-
nected therewith,are to be in full force in relation
to this assay office, as far as the same may be ap-
plicable thereto. And by the eighth section the
act approved March 3, 1863, entitled "An act to
establish a branch mint of the United States in the
Territory of Nevada," is repealed, with the ex-
ception of the eighth section thereof appropriating
the sum of §100,000 to carry its provisons into
effect, which sum, or so much thereof as may be
required,is now to be considered as appropriated
to carrying into effect the provisions of this act
establishing this assay office.
By the ninth section an assay office is to be es-
tablished and located at Dalles City, in the State
ofOiegon,for the receipt,melting,assaying, and
stamping of gold and silver, upon the same con-
ditions and subject to the same regulations and
provisions as are set forth in the fitst seven sec-
tions of this act; and the sum of $75,000 is appro-
priated for carrying the provisions of this section
into effect.
Mr. NESMITH. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the ninth section, and inserting
what I send to the Chair.
The words proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
Sfc. —. Jind be it fwither enacted. That a branch of the
Mint of the United States be located and established at
Dalles City, in the State of Oregon, tor the coinage of gold
ami cilver.
Skc.—. Jlnd be it fwither cnacted, That, for carrying mi
the business} of sard branch, the following otfictis shrill be
appointed,as soon as the public interest shall lequue their
seivrcc, upon the nomination of the President, bv and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, namely: oiih
"•tipciintendent, one as-ayer, one ineiter and refiner, and
one comer; and flic supeirnfenderit shall employ as many
clerks, suboidinato wotkmcn, and laborers, undei the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, may be ic-
(j lined. The snlaiics of the said officers shall be as follows:
to the superintendent, the sum of $2,0U0; to the asMjer,
the sum of $1,800; to the melter and refiner, $1,8U0; to' the
clerk--,snboidmate woi kmen, and laborers, such wages and
allowances as are customary, according to then respective
station* and occupations.
Sec. —. Jlnd he it fuithcr rnactcd, That the oflicei* and
clerks to be appointed undei this act, before enteiins upon
the execution of their offices, shall rake an oath oi atli; ma-
lum, beioie Mmie judge of the United State- or ol the su-
pieme coint nt said Stat**, faithfully and diligently to per-
ioun the duties of theii offices, and shall each become bound
to the United States of America, with one or moie sure-
ties, to the satisfaction of the Director of the Mint or the
dlsti let judge of the United States for the district of Oie-
gon, and of the Secretaiy of the Treasury, with the con-
dition of the faithful perfoimance of the duties of their
offices.
Sec. —. ~2nd be it further enacted, That the general di-
rection of the business of said branch mint of the United
States shall be undei the eonitol and regulation of the Di-
rector of the Mmt at Philadelphia, subject to the approba-
tion of the Secretary of the Tieasily; and for that purpose
it shall be the duty of the said Director to prescribe such
regulations and require such leturns periodically and occa-
sionally, and to establish such charges for parting. assa\ ing,
refining, and coining, as shall appear to him to be neces-
sary foi the purpose of earning into effect the intention of
this act in establishing said bianch ; also for the put pose
of preserving uniformity ot weight, fuun, and finish m the
coin stamped at said branch.
Sec —. Jind be itfui ther cnacted, That said bianch mint
shall be a place of deposit for such public moneys as the
Secietaiy of the Treasury may direct. And the superin-
tendent of said branch mint, who shall perform the duties
of treasurer thereof, shall have the custody of the same
and also perform thedutiesof As<.j«tantTreasurer; and for
that purpose shall be subject toal! the provisions contained
in an act entitled "An aet to piov.de tot the better organ-
ization of the Treasury, and for Me collection, safe-keen-
ing, transfer, and di-bur-ement of the public revenue,'* ap-
proved August 6, ld-16, which relate,-; to the treasurer ot the
branch mint nt New Orleans.
Sec. —. Jttui be ii/wither cnacted, Thatthe superintend-
