THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, &: CU
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
"WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1864."
New Series.....No. 22.
is that the explanation aceompanicd the request.
!Xiie bureau asked for $350,000. I think the com-
munication stated why it should be appropriated.
Mr. STEVEN'S. The head of the bureau was
before us, but the Commitee of Ways and Means
generally require a communication from theSecre-
tary. We asked Mr. Bridge to bring us a com-
munication from Mr. Welles—we could not agree
to act on a communication from a mere subordi-
nate—and he promised to do it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Do I under-
stand that the communication from the chief of
bureau was not indorsed by the Secretary of the
Navy ?
Mu STEVENS. It was not.
The Clerk resumed the readingofthe bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by striking
out the following lines:
For the payment of Epbraim Sweet, for services a* su-
perintendent of the custom-house at lielfast, Maine, ,$-992.
Mr. PENDLETON. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted. If this were merely a pii-
vate claim for an unadjusted account, the gentle-
man might very propel ly move to strike it out.
But, as I understand it, it is a balance due to this
gentleman for services performed by him, which
compensation is paid in the nature of a salary.
The account was adjusted at the Department, but
there was a deficiency in that particular fund, so
that the man who had performed this service was
not paid. It is, in fact, no more a private claim
than are any of these deficiencies appiopwaled for
the purpose of paying clerks or Assistant Secre-
taries of War. 1 trust the amendment will be le-
jected.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman please to
state how the claim arose?
Mr. PENDLETON. I am not able to state.
The recommendation was sent in from the Treas-
ury Department, embracing the statement that I
have made, that it is only a piivate claim so far
as any claim for services rendered under a legis-
lation winch provides compensation can be con-
sidered piivate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the amendment.
The Cleik resumed the reading of the bill
Mr. GRINNELL. I move to amend the ap-
propriation forthfi Capitol extension by smiting
out*'$130,000 "and insei ting "£50,000." I be Iieve
we can dispense with this appropriation. I am con-
fident t'he country requires that we should begin
to economize and vote no more money than is
absolutely necessary. 1 admire this beautiful
building as truly as any citizen of the Govern-
ment. Its fluted columns and polished marbles
address the taste; but is there an absolute neces-
sity to appropriate $150,000 for this purpose of
ornament? I believe thata portion of this money
might go for the payment of extra clerks in the
Departments, so that our wounded soldieis and
the widows and orphans of the dead may rccover
their dues from the Government, which has been
held back for months because of an inadequate
clerical ftjrce. The men employed on this Capitol
extension should be let go into the field, as my
constituents have done, who left their farms, then-
homes, and their all to go forth to fight. It is as
much their duty, strong and stalwart as they are,
to do so as it is the duty of any one to fight for
his country.
I am in favor of reducing this appropriation,
because, as 1 believe, every dollar which we ex-
pend now yields but half the result in war that
it would yield in time of peace. Labor is high
and the cost of living exoibitant. Every addi-
tional wotkman brought to this city enhances the
cost of living; here. Many of our clerks are but
half paid. They are living" on next to starvation
prices, i think the completion of these public
buildings should be deferred till peace is restored;
this, 1 think, is the policy for the party m power,
and it should be inaugurated to-day—this hour;
and i shall vote for no more appropriations for
Capitol woik than may be necessary to preserve'
the work begun from exposure and from decay.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
99
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to go back
to a part of the bill which has been passed. I
stated a few moments ago that the Committee of
Ways and Means had not received a letter from
the Navy Department. I understand since that
such a communication has been received.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the following amend-
ment:
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation for provis-
ions and clothing for the Navy, §LfoO,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the po*t office building tn Phila-
delphia, (authouty to sell the Pennsylvania Bank building
therein being hereby revoked,) $25,000.
Mr. Chairman, I propose in a few \Vords to ex-
plain this amendment. Itappears that by certain
acts and a joint resolution of Congress passed
August 18, 185G, March 3, 1857, June 3, 1858,
March 3,1859, June 23, lSG0,and March 14,1862,
a certain sum of money, and a lot of ground sit-
uate on Second street, in thecity.of Philadelphia,
known as the Pennsylvania.Bank propeity, or the
proceeds theicof, were to be used in the consti uc-
tion of a post office and couit rooms in that city.
It appears further that the belief was that the
money in the Treasury could be applied so as to
adapt the buildings then standing on the Bailey
and Levy lots to these uses, and the plan and es-
timates for this purpose were submitted to Con-
gress,and the act of March 14,18G2, was passed,
authonzing the Postmaster General to proceed
with the work. After it was commenced, how-
ever, the walls of the old building wt;re found in-
adequate, and the city authoiities required their
lemoval. This and other unforeseen expenses
made the sum of money aheudy m the Treasury
insufficient to complete the building. The con-
tractor, however,proceeded with such portions of
the work as weie indispensable to fit the building
for use, and it was so fitted and has been in actual
use for neatly twelve months.
The Postmaster General was authoiized to sell
the Pennsylvania Bank property above mentioned
at a s mi limited by the law, ($110,000,) but he
was doubtful as to the propriety of his applying
the proceeds to pay this deficiency under the law
which gave him exclusive control of the matter;
although the onginal law, which authorized the
Secretary of the Treasuiy, the Attorney Geneial,
and the Postmaster General to erect the building,
expressly put the lot in question at their disposal
for this purpose. He did, however, put the prop-
erty m maiket with aview to placing the proceeds
in the Treasury, to be disposed of by Congress;
but, having failed to find a pui chaser at the price
named in thu law, the whole matter is now sub-
mitted to Congress to decide whether the Post-
master General shall be authorized to sell the lot
for the best price he can get, and apply the pio-
ceeds, or such part thereof as may be necessary,
to the payment of this deficiency, or whether an
appropriation for its payment, amounting to about
$25,000, shall be made and the lot be reserved for
other public purposes.
These facts 1 derive from the letter of thePost-
mastcrGeueial to this House, and which has been
rekired to the Committee on the Post Oilice arid
Post Roads. I ask the chairman of that com-
mittee to state to i he H ouse what has been the ac-
tion of that committee, if any, on the subject.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
The amendmentrepeals aformerlaw, and is there-
fore not m order.
Mr. KASSON I withdraw the words to which
the objection lies, and present the amendment as
a simple appiopnation.
Mi. HOLMAN. I make the point that the
amendment j.-j not in cider as u is modified.
The CHA ERMAN. The Chair rule^i he amend-
mentm orderun modifi< d. As originally offered,
it was not in order. The amendment is to curry
out an existing law, and continues the appropria-
tion for that purpose.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Chairman, in reply to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] and on be-
half of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, I will say to the House that this natter
was referred to that committee, and that they, as
yet, have had no opportunity for investigation. At
the next meeting of the committee it was proposed
to bring this matter up. 1 have given it myself
some attention from former service on the com-
mittee, 1 understand fully the facts of the case,
which are as stated by the gentleman from Iowa.
So far as the committee is concerned, I have had
no conference with them. I know not what their
action would be, and cannot say a word in their
behalf. I can only say so far as my own peisonal
observation goes the facts are as slated, and I
think that itis for the interest of the Government
to keep the property. That being the case, I
think that there cannot be any objection to the
appropriation of $25,000 asked for to defray the
expenses incurred by authority of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For deficiency in the appropnation for salaries nnd ex-
penses of ihe eonnnis^ioneis appointed under the fifth sec-
tion, act of 16th Febtu.iry, 1863, $3,500.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, that appropri-
ation is in addition to $10,000 appropriated at the
last session of Congiess. The law referred to
created these positions and appropuated §10,000
for the pui pose of paying salaries, &c. Thethiee
commissioner had $2,500apiece, making $7,500
in all. if this be passed, the entire appropnation
will be $J3,500 for tins object. I wish to ask,for
the information of the House, whether these com-
missioners have not reported that tbeie is
#1,900,000 due to the State of Minnesota? And
I avail myself of this opportunity to say that
when I was up before I underestimated the amount
of theappropnations by this bill. 11is^7,170,000.
The estimates are only $4,180,581. The bill has
already gone $3,000,000 beyond the estimates of
the Department. It is necessary for my constit-
uents, and for the public who loan the United
States this public money, to state what is likely
to be the exact expendituies of the Government.
Theiefoic I have made this statement.
Mr. STEVENS. By looking at the estimates,
page 9, it will be seen what items go to make up
this amount of $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To supplv deficiency tn the appropnation for the public
printing, §ilL,UU0: Provided, That hereaiter no printing
oi binding shod be dune for any of t'le executive. depart-
ment- ot ihe Government without a written ouiert'iom the
head ot sueh depaitment lor vvlncli said printing may be
uquin d ; and the Supeunicndentof Public Priming, in his
annual repoit, tdi.ill hereafter be requited to repoit the
amount of woik otdeted and done, with a general classifi-
cation theieof, for eacli department.
Mr. STEVENS moved to amend that para-
graph so that it will read as follows:
To supplv deficiency in the appropnation for the public
printing, .<*111.000: Ptovvhd, That hen-alter no printing
01 binding '-hall be done or blank books be procured lorany
of the executive dr partmenh, ol the Government vvitiiouta
wuttcn requisition on the Supeimtendent of Public Pont-
ine Horn (he head of said d"paiiinenf, or for oirbei Hou-^e
ol OomrieifS e\c< pi upon the wiitlen order nf the Secietary
of the Semite 01 Cleik of the House, An winch said prun-
ing, Imidti'ir. oi blank books may be rerpiued ; ami the Su-
peimtendent of Public Punting, in his. annual lepoit, shall
hereaftei be required to lepoit Ihe amount of woik ordeied
and done, with d geneial clarification thereof, for each
d< ji.ntment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend in line one
hundred and seventy-five, by striking out the
word "of "after the word "cases," and to insert
in lieu thereof the words, "pending in the;"so
that the clause shall read:
For mapping, in ea^es pending in the Supreme Court of
the United 2>iatCh, $9,000.
The amendment was agre<?u to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by striking
out of the follow ing clause—
To supply :i deficiency in the appropriation for ordnance,
oidnam e stoies. iaboi, and contingent expenses in the Bu-
leau ot Oidnanee ot the Navy Dcpaitment, #*2,740,000—
the appropriation of $2,740,000.
