1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2359
by which the hill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table. . *
The aatter motion was agreed to,
MESSAGE PKOM TIIE SENATE.
A. message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (No. 2G5) to expedite and
regulate the printing of public documents, and for
other purposes; in which the concurrence of the
House was requested.
tNDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House proceeded, as the regular order of
business, to the consideration of the amendments
reported yesterday from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the bill (H.
R. No. 240) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
1,865, and upon which the main question had been
ordered.
First amendment:
Pago 03, after lino, six hundred and eighteen, insert:
Foi p.ij menr of the cvpcnsos-incident to the removal of
the Pawpaw Indians from Kansas, and their reeatabhah-
mcnt ui their own eountiy, ^9,726 33.
* The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Suifcp our « seventeen" and insert " ten" in the follow-
ing clause:
For expenses of fian-poi-tntion and delivery of annuity
goods to (lie BUekfoot Indians tor the yoiu, ($17,000.
Mr. WA.LLACE, of Idaho, (by unanimous
consent.) A statement was made yesterday that
a proposition had been made to transpoit the
goods sought to be covered by this appropriation
for six cents per pound, that the department re-
fused it, and let it at six cents a pound. This
matter being personal to the department, I felt
it my duty to call upon that officer j  relation to
that statement. He has authorized me to state to
the House, in this connection, that the bids are
there to .speak fut themselves; that the paity who
was named in the statement yesterday, Mr. La-
barge, was the contractor last year at six cents
a pound, and that a large portion of the woods
contracted to be transported are not delivered to
this day; that he was in town when this contract
was let, and declined to put in a bid; and there
was no alternative for the department, under the
law, to let the contract to the lowest, bidder. I
deem it a matter of juatice to the dejnutment that
this statement should be made. It shows the ne-
cessity uf making liberal appropriations for the
transportation of these goods. The Indian de-
partment is suffering now in consideration of the
low figure at which that transportation was taken
last year. The goods are not delivered yet; and
I presume if the contract was let at the same pi ice
this year they never would be delivered, i make
this statement in justice to the head of the Indian
bureau.
Mr. HUB13AUD, of Iowa. My infor¥nat#on
upon that subject was obtained from a letter I
have now m my hands fiorn Captain Labai^e,
who was the contractor bust year at six cents a
pound. He states that under t bateontract he had
a ri^ht to take tho contract this year at the same
price; that he was at the depaitment and had an
interview with Dole and informed hmi that he
was willing to take the contract this year at the
same price as last year; that Dole refused and
said he would receive new bids for the transpoi-
tation of these goods. 1 undetstand the contract
has been let at prices ranging from nine to twelve
cents a pound.
The ntieraan is mistaken in another matter.
Captain Labarge was not in the city at the time
of the let! 11J15 of tins contract, to my personal
knowledge. Tins letter was dated at St. Louis
a few dnys pttoi to the letting of this contiact,
and I know he was not here at the time. I un-
derstand Mr. Labaige is a respccfdble man, but
1 have no acquaintance with him myself,and am
willing that the committee should have the ben-
efit of the explanation hetc made.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Third amendment:
Stuke out ot the toliowwa clause '' .-doOjOoO'' :>nd Ins et I
«£:>o.ou0."
K01 •>ub*i.-tenee and cJothnvj, and tronoia! incidental rv-
penseri of the Wisi.eton, Wuhnaiou, UwLuv tikauton. and
Wahpakoota bands of Sioux or Dakota Indians, at their
new homes, $150,050.
Mr. STEVENS. With the permision of the
House I desire to say that since last evening the
Indian department has been consulted, and they
say that $130,050 is the exact amount which,
under the treaty we have abrogated, we owe to
these Indians; and thatthatamount is necessary
to keep them from starving.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know what the in-
tentions of the Indian department may be upon
this subject, but I do know that by an act passed
last February we abrogated all treaties with those
Indians, and whatever you give to those Indians
now is a gratuity. But my object is not so much
to strike down that amount as to get something
for those who need it.
Mr. UPSON. Have not the Winnebagoes the
means of subsistence ?
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot undursMnd how it
is that thirteen hundred Indians need §150,000,
while twenty-eischt hundred need only"$54,000,
while they are living upon precisely the same res-
ervation and under the same circumstances.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 5!); as follows: 1
Yfi —.Mes<is. James U. Allen, Allison, Andoison, Ja-
cob H. IIJatr, Boyd, Jani^s S. Brown, William G. Brown,
Cobb, Dawes, llckley, ttd'jeiton, Fniek, Gartield,
Gunnell, Ururin«toii, Charles M. IlaruV, llernck, Uotman,
llotcliki^s, A- ,i!ui \V. llubb.ud, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Kaibtlei-eh, Oiiando Kollojrg, Lazear, Long. Mc-
Indoe, James R. Moti k, Anio.s th, Pin ham, Puce,
Radfoid, William fl. Randall, John [I, Rice, Seheuck, Seo-
li'Mil, m, HnutiMM-, .Sp.iIding.WilJi.un <i. Steele, Th.i.yer,
'i'uicy, Van Valkenbmiih, Whoolur, Joseph W. White,
YYil-on, Windnm, ?nul Fernando Wood—50.
NAVr5—Arnold, Haily, Auu'itMu-i ('. I.nhUvin,
J>".iihan, {> Lit tie. Kontwelf, Chan!'"-!, Coilioth, Cole,
Cow Cu-vwdl, Uemy Wmtei Davis, Thomas T. JKm*,
Detmm:, Eden, Eliot. F.ngii-ii, Good), (in-wnid,
II il- , lJo,>p 'i, John II. Unbh.ud. Jenekes, Ka-s(>n, KHh-y,
Fianois W. Kclloi'ff, Kernan, Loan, Lnn^oai, Malloty,
Mai^y, iU<\\i!inrer. .\li-Ui idr\ McCfnig,:\Ioiii-on, Lconaid
iMwis, Nohon, Noble, Clnnhih OWVHI, Pendleton, 1'eny,
Pike, I'oim-ioy, Hanmei J. Randall, Robinson, ^cotu
Shannon, .Smith, Steven,-, St lies, Stnatt, Sweat, Thoma^,
Up-on, VViiliam'15. Wa hhun), and Wilder—59.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Duiing tlie call of the roll,
Mr. LAZEAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Anconw, had been called home on account of
sickness in his family.
Mr. ELIOT stated that Mr. Wariiburne, of
Illinois, was absent from his place on account of
sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the .state ot the Union
were disposed of; and also moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The bdl was oidered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to leconsidcr the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to leeonstdcron the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PlUt&.OXA L EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a few moments to a personal explana-
tion.
There was no objection.
Mr. DAWE^. "Mr. .Speaker, the Globe dis-
closes that during my absence, and while the dis-
cussion in the contested-election case of Ht*uee
and Loan was going on, matteis transited here
of a character so peculiarly personal to myself
thcit, for the iirst time in my life, I ask to be in- j
dulled for * fow moments of explanation.
While I have held a seat here, Mr. Speaker, 1 !
have never atany time for a single moment enter-
tained a panicle of malice toward any individual
member. In the many heated discussions in
which I have participated, differing sometimes
with friends as well as with opponents, while pain- I
fully conscious of an mfnmity of speech in tins re-
spect which cannot bo more mortifying to the best
fiiciui 1 have than to myself, neveiiheless no shaft
luis boon ever hurled by me that was dipped in
I havo never thought it propel to attempt
to make up for the feebleness of the miosile in the
virulence of the poison in which it was dipped*,
and whenever I have unintentionally drawn blood
no man more willingly than myself has made rep-
aration the first moment it was known that'the
slightest wound had been inflicted.
On the first day of the discussion of the contested
election of Bruce and Loan it was my intention, as I
then stated,to take no part in the debate; butwhen
it appeared that the discussion was n ot to close that
day, and as, according to a previous engagement
that could not be dispensed with, I was obliged to
leave the city that night, I rose, not more on my
own motion than at the request of a colleague on
the committee, to state in as few words as possible
and without premeditation the views which my
colleague and myself entertained on that question.
But, sir, circumstances occurring at the moment
which it would be difficult to make the House
understand changed the current of my remarks
to some extent. In the course of those remarks,
when my attention was called to matters that were
thought by others to need explanation, I made
with great cheerfulness what seemed to me to be
full reparation. If 1 had had the slightest thought
that I came short of full reparation for any un-
kind remark that I may have then m'ade I should
have censured myself if I had not made the amende
to the satisfaction of every person.
But, sir, whatever occasion others may have
had to complain of any remarks which fell from me
in that day's discussion, the Representative from
the seventh district of Missouri had no occasion
so to complain. Whatever allusion I made to him
was in the kindest of terms and was honestly
expressed. I had neither any occasion nor desire
to say aught that could be construed by him or
by any fair-minded man into a reflection on his
personal character, or on his participation iaany
of the matteis then under discussion. And, sir,
in the remarks that 1 did make, I submit to the
candid consideration of the House, there can-not
be found a single word which would justify him
in calling on me either for explanation or apology;
and no single syllable has ever been pointed out
lequiring either.
And yet, sir, after I had announced before I
had made these unpremeditated remarks, and as
some reason why I sought the opportunity of
making them, that I was obliged to leave the city
that night and had paired off and could not be
here at the final vote, the Representative from
the seventh district of iVtissQuri deliberately, at his
room, with—as I understand—a copy of the re-
porter's notes of my remarks befoie him, and
therefore reassured that I had not uttered a syl-
lable unkind or disrespectful to htm, with two
days to revise it, prepared and wrote what he
knew when he was putting it on paper he could
safely deliver in my absence, a speech, sir,
charged with the grossest and foulest accusations
against my own personal integrity; and came
here on Monday, as I am informed, and read
frgm his manuscript that speech which in its lan-
guage, in the bitterness and in the malignity with
which its every sentence is surcharged, finds no
parallel certainly in the records of this House
since I have been a member of it. I shall ask the
Clerk to read a single paragraph of it as a sum-
ming up of what he chose to say of me under
these circumstances, knowing as well when he
came here to deliver it as when he had prepared
its malignity that I was not to bo here to defend
myself. I ask the Clerk to read from the Globe
what i have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The only deserving or proper reply that could be made,
to the >tatyincnt of the gentleman thf>epnhmlhW Colonel
Htmion once applied to Pettit of Indiana;' inn a* 1 am in-
clined to tlunk the language would not, as a gencial lule,
Ije parliamentary, I wilt not u e if, but if any g'-nlh man
will furnish me with a parli.uncnuuy pinnae that will ex-
press the p.uiie idea I will thank him for the sugue-tion. A
political gumfi'la who flies a triendly ilay that uu-reby lie
may the moie mfely and finely strike a ratal blow. The
gentleman lias laitly earned and no doubt will uxeivc tie1
M2orn and contempt, ofeveiy honest man ; and here I leave
this unpleasant subject."*
Mr. DAWES. Now, Mr. Speaker, the re-
marks that I made we e piinted in the Globe upon
Fuday. 1 have never seen the reporter's notes.
The Representative from the seventh district of
Missouri has had an opportunity to read tHem;
the House, if it has eared to, has read them also.
And now,sir, without hesitation and mostcheer-
* " H<- i.-> a siieat liai and a dirty flog."
