THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
which we shall say to the Governors of the
Stales,"How many of these people can you take r"
1 object to the very groundwoik of the amend-
ment. I object to the basis upon which" it is
placed and predicated. I object to the incorpo-
ration of such an amendment into this bill, and I
hope Senators will not so vote.
Jt is not surprising that my honorable friend
from Missouri should differ widely from me upon
a proposition of this kind or any other, but I
thought when I read it that he had taken a mis-
taken view of it, or did not clearly undeistand the
basis upon which it was predicated. I say the
implication that homes cannot be found for these
men who are able to work and laboi in the States
"where they were born mid bred is not true, can-
not be true. If indeed pending a condition of war
many of those persons shall be found withouUmi-
ployment, is it any wonder? Shall they not bear
their part of the burden? Shall they not make
their partial sacrifices pending this war? Shall
we undertake to deport them to other States pend-
ing war ? Why, sir, it is a proposition very near
akin to the system we entered upon at the be-
ginning of this war, or soon after it, of deponing
the negroes to other countries and climes, i hope
the amendment will not be adopted for the reasons
I have stated.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say, sir, that I do
not entertain the antipathy which the Senator
from California seems to feel to the presence of
tins cities of pei sons among us,
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator willpeimitme
right hei« to say that 1 think I have said nothing
from which he could deduce the existi nee of any
such antipathy.
Mr. BROWN. Well, I misunderstood you.
Mr. CONN ESS. 1 wish then to be el early un-
derstood, with the Senator's permission.
Mr. BROWN. Then L will com ctmyselfby
saying 1 have none of the antipathy which the
Senator from Cab forma seems to think other peo-
ple have to having these pcisons unions them.
Mr. CONNESS. That will do. Ididnotnt-
tribute any to the Senator.
Mr. BROWN. For my own pait I have sen
then) pei foj ming labor all mylife,and my objec-
tion has b'-on, not to them or their labor, but to
tin: institution of slavery. It is that that 1 have
been fighting, and not the negroes.
Now, sir, i will state that, so far as my own
expeiience goes, thedemandis very great in huge
sections of our country for labor; theic ate hun-
dreds and thousands of persons who would be
glad to give homes to these fieedmen, and then*
are hii'idieds of localities m which their laboi
would be (ar nioie serviceable than congregated
as they ;ne upon the very narrow stnp of lurid
that is In Id by us on ihe luniks of the Missis-
sippi. Tin re is scarcely a steamboat that comes
from the lower Mississippi and lands in my own
city that does not bung up hundreds of these
freedmen. They are congregated these, and there
is a demand for them, not only in my own State
and in my own cny and county, hut in the neigh-
boiing State.-, along the Missi.s.Mppi river. I think
that that diMpeision should be encouraged. I am
certainly sine that in cases such as aie contem-
plated m this bill, cases of suffering, cases where
theie is no ample provision made for their suste-
nance or labor, whtue theie is such an accumu-
lation and redundancy of them that they mutt
either sufiei or be dispensed into more favorable
localities, it is wise ami well for us to assist mid
facilitate them in seeking and piocunng homes.
I do not nppiehend much danger iiom this
clamor that baa been spoken of; but if it is to
come, let us meet that clamor as wo have met
every other clamor on this subject; let us meet it
and face it and light it out and light it down, and
1 think the country will be the better for it, and we
shall be the better for it.
_Mr. HICKS. I do not desire to prolong this
discussion. I wish only to aay a word or two
upon it.
Air. President, I am opposed to this whole
measure. If we propose to free the slaves of the
countiy, let them be free indeed. 1, for one,am
unwilling that my slaves when freed shall become
the slaves of others. As my friend from West
Ynginia has very well said, the commissioner
and assistant commissioners to be appointed uu-
dei this bill will be, in fact, nothing but overseers
and slave-drivers, ar.d the result will be that the
negroes willbeasmuch slaves underthis arrange-
ment as thry are now. I suppose none of us of
the South will be considered as qualified to act
on such a* subject, and so we shall have gentle-
men fiom the North to act as commissioners.
A'ly experience goes to show, and 1 have had not
a little expf rience in that way, that the hardest
slave-drivers we have ever had in the s^ave States
have been northern men—men who have come
from the free States and married women owning
a number of slaves. I know that to be the case.
Therefore, if we have to turn our slaves loose—
and i pray God it may be done at the veryeailiest
possible moment; 1 love my Government more
than I do slavery—if they arc to become freed-
men, let them be free men in fact as well as in
nS me.
Senators seem to .suppose that these people are
not capabhi of taking care of themselves. We
have, as I said the other day, a larger population
of free colored people in the county from which
I come than any county in Maryland. The city
of Baltimore has a larger population of them.
We have as many industrious, honest, woi thy
colored people as aie to be found anywhere.
There arc none of them who will labor who can-
not make a comfortable living, who are not ser-
viceable not only to themselves and their families
bur to those who employ and hire labor. Atany
of them are in a vast deal better condition than a
very considerable poi tion of our white people.
Cut, sir, no regard seems to be paid now to any
other than the eolotpd race. Wheie is the differ-
ence in allowing these people to remain as they
aie, wheie they weie born and raised, where all
their early attachments and the attachments that
have grown up with them exist, and putting them
under the uewoverseeis and drivers proposed by
this bill? 1 wish n to be distinctly understood
that I do not want them to remain m their pies-
ent condition. I disclaim all leebng of that sort.
! am as decidedly in favor of emancipation as any
Senator on this floor. But, sir, it is now pio-
posed to take our slaves away from us and put
them upon plantations under the management of
oi uel (Ii i\ ei s; and yet the poor creatui es are said
to be fr< e ! 1 do not think that will be a beneficial
change; I cannotsee any reason for pursuing such
aeomse; and therefore lam opposed to the whole
thing. Let these people be made free; I am in
favor of that; and if they strive to do so they can
live just us well in the places around which all
then native attachments cluster, and wheie they
desire to remain, as they can any wheie else. Kent
out your desolated fai ms if you choose to do m>,
and let the men who take them pay the lent and
employ am! pay for the labor necessary to (he
cartying on of their farming opeiations.
Sir, 1 believe that by this measure you are really
taking these people out of the frying-pan and
putting them mm the fire. 1 think the whole
thing \viong,aml I shall vote for no bill of die
sort. I am tor freeing these people entirely, and
teaching them to jely upon their own lesouices
for a livelihood. I know there aie many worth-
less oiui: ures among them, very poorly caleulan d
to take caie of themselves and their families; but
let them learn; h t us educate these people to labot
and to take cute of themselves. There are many
of them who are sensible enough to know that by
their own conduct and their own course they are
to gam leputhtion. There seems to be a dispo-
sition, however, among Senatois who chum to ;
be the special guanhuns of these people to put
them again uudei duveis just, as tiiey are now:
and yet they talk about the equality ot the races, 1
and claim to be the particular fuendu of the col- j
ored race! Many of the free States, by enact- i
nients of their Legislatiues, have refused to allow
people of color to come into their Slates, i main- 1
icon that these gentlemen have no light to t.ike |
our slaves away, or, when we make tuem fiee, ;
put them upon iai im> and use them piobably with
much more seventy than then ma^teis used them
when they were hiaves. 1 think the whole thing ,
is wiong,^wul 1 shall vote against the whole of it. :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question '
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator j
from Massachusetts. . j
Mr. SUMNER. I [impose to withdraw the |
amendment winch I submitted, and ask that a j
direct vote may be taken on the proposition of
the Senator from West Virginia, ami on that 1
shall content myo-df with one remark.
The Senator insisted that his amendment was
to carry out the object of the bill. 1 would not
say anything except respectfully and kindly of
the Senator, but I cannot recognize him as an in-
terpreter of the object of the bill'. There are
those on this side of the Chamber who might
better perform that office. I do not recognize bis
amendment as carrying out the object of the bill.
I think its introduction into the bill will he mis-
chievous. I do not mean to suggest that the
Senator offers it with any such purpose, but we
all know that the Senator did not begin this dis-
cussion in any fnendly spirit towaid the hill.
He may have changed now; but I am sure that
this proposition if adopted will do the bill no
good. I hone it will be rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts modifies his amendment, so
that the question now is simply on striking out
the words indicated.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
amendment reported.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
be it further enacted. That whenever the saul Com-
mesMonor cannot find abandoned real estate on winch to
employ all oi the tteednien that may come under his care
and control by virtue of thn uct, it shall tie his duty,to far
a- ni.iv he piaetioable. to provide tor them homes and em-
ployment with humane and -unable pcisonsatfairandjUht
compen-.ii ton ; and that in order the mote t ffectwills t<> ac-
complish tlu ^ ptu pose the >aid Commissioner -hall open a
eoi ie^pondenee with Ihe Govcrnois and the. various muni-
cipal authoiities of the dilTeient Suites icqiieoting their
ooopt'iation ta this behalf.
Mr. ANTHONY. The motion 1 understand
is to stukc out those words?
The, PRESIDENT pro tempore. They were
inserted in Committee of the Whole and now
stand m the bill, and the question is on striking
them out in the Senate.
Mi. W1LLEY. lfit be at all more acceptable
to Senafois on the other side, I have no objection
to modify the section m the latter part of it, so as
to make it read as follows:
And that in ouier the moie effectually to accomplish this
ptirpuae the .-aid ('oiuiiii ioih r ^Imll open n eorresponiieni'tt
with t-ueh peisoit- and municipal authorities m the differ-
ent States it* will mos-t eouhallv coupeiate with lum m tins
behtdf, requesting then an-i>t.uiee.
I have no objection to modify it in that form.
Mr. SAULSBURY, Is it competent for the
Senator so to modify ihe amendment if therein
an objection to that modification?
The PRE SI DENT pro tempore. It is.not com-
petent tor the Senator from West Virginiaor the
Senator from Delaware to modify the amendment s
of the Senator fiom Massachusetts.
- Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from Dela-
waie does not wish any modification. The Sen-
ator from Delaware simply rose to ask whether
the Senator from Wesi Virginia could modify an
amendment which has been adopted by the Sen-
ate, wnhont unanimous consent.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to strike out a portion of the amendment'
which has been adopted m Committee of the
Whole, and that is competent and proper.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 hope the Senate will
not adopt that amendment. The amendment
adopted in Committee of the Whole brought the
dnect nsbue befoie the Ameiiean people whether
the States not interested in slavery, but who have
so persistently advocated the policy of slaveiy,
were willing to receive into their midst this species
of population, and the proposition to test their
smceiity was to be made by the highest official
ot their States. The amendment now suggested
by the honorable Senator from West Virginia
would lead to this lesult, that communication
might be opened up with such peisons"—abo-
iuiuu societies perhaps—•" and mumeipalaurhoti-
nesd&will cordially cooperate in this behalf."
I object to that because i want the question put
direcdy to those who exercise power and who
administer government in those States. 1 wish
j to know whether they will evidence the sincerity
j of their professions by, in their official character,
] agreeing to accept their proportion of this popu-
: latum, that they may live in their midst and en-
! joy the blessings of their philanthiopy .
Mr. WILLEY. I suppose it would not l>e in
