1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GhOm.
mt
order for me now to offer this.as an amendment
to the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts ?
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Chairis
of opinion that it would not be.
Mr. W1LLEY. Ifthe honorable Senator from
Massachusetts will withdraw his proposition to
amend by striking out the whole section, until it
can be seen whether the Senate will incorporate
this instead of a portion of what is proposed to
be stricken out, I will offer it as an amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest to the Senator from West Virginia
that if ti e Senate refuse to strike out the section
it will be in order for the Senator from West Vir-
ginia to move to amend by striking out and in-
serting something- else,
Mr. WILLEY. Suppose they do strike out,
would it then be in order to insert this amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannpt decide that without seeing theanfendment;
probably it might be.
Mr. WILLEY. The amendment is to insert
. the words I have read.
The PRESIDENT^?-© tempore. The Senator
might offer it ns a new section.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose it ;s in order to move
an amendment with a view to perfect a clause be-
fore the vote is taken on striking it out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Simply for
the perfection of the clause, not to strike out and
In sort something else.
Mr. HOWE. The motion is to strike out the
whole claus.e.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HOWE. And the motion of the Senator
from West Virginia is to amend the clause which
it js proposed-to strike out. That motion is in
order, f take it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not now
in order, being an amendment in the third degree.
There are two amendments pending before the
Senate. The bill itself on which the Senate is
acting is an amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 14; as follows:
FEAS-—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Clark, Ocmness,
Hendricks. Motgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Suihir-i , Ten 13j ck,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Davis, Foot, Ilailan,
Harris, Hick--, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Powell, Ram>ey,
Sc'tdJsiiurv, Vein lVwkle,<itid WitJey—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Caihle, Collamer,Cowan,
Dixon, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foster, Hale, Harding, Hen-
derson, Howard, Howe,Lane ot Kansas, McDougall, Nes-
mfth, Richardson, lUddle, Sherman, Sprague, and Wright
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. JOHNSON. When this subject was be-
fore the Senate on a former day [ opposed that
portion of the bill which transfers the power
which the bill professes to give, to the Treasury
Department, being satisfied it ought to be in the
War Department. I move therefore to amend
the bill by striking out the word 44 Treasury" in
the third line of the first section and substitute
the word " War," and also the same amendment
in the third line of the second section. I ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose the Senator means
to strike out the word " Treasury" wherever it
occurs.
Mr. JOHNSON. If this amendment should
be adopted, that will foUow, as a matter of course.
Mr. CONNESS. Lut it may all be included
in the same motion.
Mr.JOHNSON. Myamendmentproposes to
strike it out in two places.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be on striking out the word "Treasury"
and mseiting War5' in the fiist place named,
tne third line of the first section. If that should
be adopted, the others will follow as a matter of
course to make the bill conform to the action of
the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clatk, Collamer,
Cowan, Foot, Grimes, Hicks, Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
McDuugali, Morgan, Ten K>ck, Van Winkle, and Willey
—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Btown, Chandler, Connes*,
Davis, Hale, Hdilan, Harris, Howe,Pomcroy, Powell, Ram-
sey, Saut?bury, Sherman, S|>tngue, Sumner, Trumbulh
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-20. .
ABSENT—Messrs. Dixon,Boolittle, Fessenden, Foster,
Harding. Uendei.son, Hendiiek >, Howard, Lane of Kansas,
Morrill, Xesmith. Richardson, Hiddle,and Wright—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. McDOtX&ALL. " I desire to, state that
my design was to vote just the opposite of the
way my vote is recorded. I suppose it is too
late now to change it, the vote having been an-
nounced, but I wish it understood that my inten-
tion was to vote exactly the opposite way.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment adopted on motion of the Senator from
West Virginia, by strikingout all after the word
" services" in the following words:
And that in order the more effectually to accomplish this
purpose, the said Commissioner shall open a correspond-
ence with the Governor and the various municipal author-
ities of the different States, requesting thfir cooperation ia
this behalf.
I will simply say that the first portion of that
amendment which has been sustained by two
votes of the Senate authorizes the Commissioner
to secure places of labor for these freedmen any-
where in the country where he can find them.
The authority, therefore, is vested in him,and he
may exercise his discretion in having a corre-
spondence with anybody. The people of tiie whole
country may write to him if they choose. Why
therefoie insert in this bill a provision that he shall
open a correspondence on this subject with the
Governors and municipal authorities of the Slates?
Take many of the States or cities, and suppose he
opens a correspondence with the authorities. If
one set of men have control, they will have noth-
ing to do with it, whereas in those communities
there may be thousands of people who as indi-
viduals would be very glad to get this labor and
treat these people kindly and educate them. If
another set of men be in power they will be afraid
to do it, perhaps, on account of the opposition it
will excite. 1 think all that is desired for the
good of these colored people will be found in the
first part of the proposition of the Senator from
West Virginia, and this matter of correspondence
ought to be abandoned.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the consent of the
Senate to submit a motion that the Senate at half
past four o'clock take a reces until seven o'clock
this evening.
Mr, SUMNER. We had better pass this bill
first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas desires the unanimous consent of the
Senate lo submit a motion in regard to a recess.
Mr. GRIMES. I object.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be received.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 am somewhat unwell,
and am compelled to leave the Senate. I have
two or thiee little nominationsforpostofficesand
some business in my department in hand, and t
will request the favor of a short executive session
so as to dispose of them.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us pass this bill.
Mr. WILSON. It is very important to pass
this bill to-day. I suggest to the Senator to place
that business m the hands of some other Senator.
I am sure there is no Senator but would be very
glad to attend to it for hmi. 1 am aware of the
condition of his health, but it is very important
to get this bill out of the way before we adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Vermont to
proceed to theconsideration ofexecutive business. 1
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will dis- ;
pose of this bill before it does anything else; it '
has been pending a long time, and I really^wish
to get it uff tile table.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion of Mr. Collamer was agreed to;
and after some time spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened.
• EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate amessage from the Prusidentof theUnited
States transmuting; in answer to the resolution of
the Senate of the 24th instant, requesting inform-
ation in regard to the alleged enlistment in for-
eign countries of recruits for the military and
naval service of the Uni t ad States, j^povts
the Secretaries ofSta.ce, of War, aniof the Nayyi
respectively, on the .subject; which- was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Resigns, and q£?
dered to be printed, i i - c_t.-
The PRJES1 DEN T pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a,report of the Secretary «of
ury, communicating, in qortjpiiamje with &;revolu-
tion of the Senate of the 23d instant, correspond
enc® between E. B. French, Second °Au<jkor>Qf
the Treasury, and Henry W,. De.Pay^ate.ag?nt
of the Pawnee Indians, relative to a certain-tSuni
of money alleged to be due by tlje saiiDe Puy
to *he United States; which was ordered to lie oil
the table.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 558) to authorize the iai
suing of patents for certain lands in the town of
Stockbridge, State of Wisconsin, and for other
purposes, was read twice by its title, and refefted
to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE*
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claifrtft*
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 346)*
for the relief of Dr. Charles M. Wetherill, re-
ported it without amendment. 1
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGIXT COMPANY.
Mr, GRIMES, from the Committeeon the Diet-*
trict of Columbia, to whom the subject waft re*
ferred, reported a bill (S. No. 336) to ameuil the
act incorporating the WashingtonGas^LightCora^
pany, and for other purposes; which was read,
uud passed to a second reading.
Mr. GRIMES. As 1 presume there can be no
objection to the bill, and it will lead to nodiscus-
sion, I will ask that it be put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides that from and after the 1st
day of July, 1864, the Washington Gas-Light
Company shall not receive (exclusive of the ex-
cise tax collected for the United States) from con-
sumers more than thirty-three and one third cents
per hundred cubic feetof gas furnished by it,sub-
ject to a discount of not less than ten per cent, on
all bills for gas, if paid at the office of the com-
pany within five days from their rendition, pro-
vided all arrears have been paid.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
And the Washington and Georgetown Railroad,Company
are authorized to charge two cents for each transfer ticket
on said road or us branches.
Mr. GRIMES. That will kill the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to say one word in
regaid to this amendment. The charter of this
road was amended by the House of~Representa~
tives so as to reduce its rate of fare. The Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia in the Senate
disagreed to it, thinking there was no occasion
for the reduction; but m a committee of confer-
ence the reduction was agreed to, by which their
fare is reduced to four ccnts. There was sometesti- *
mony before the committee showing that these
parties are subjected to some imposition in the
transfer of passengers from the branch road to the
main stem, and so vice versa; and at the solicita-
tion of some friends who think the road has been
unfairly dealt by I have offered this amendment.
• Mr. WILKINSON. i hope the amendment
will not prevail. 1 am satisfied this company is
now making seventy-five per cent.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what they arc
making, but I hope the amendment will not be
put on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a state-
ment from the president of the road in regard to
this subject. Tne Senator from Minnesota is
greatly mistaken. 'The presidentof the road, who
is a responsible man, Mr. Gideon, told me that
he was willing to take his books before any'com-
mittee and show that this story about exagger-
ated profits is totally unfounded. This company
is requited by its charter to carry passengers over
both branches of the road for five cents. There
is no such charter or no such law in the United
States. It requires a street railroad to carry pas-
sengers so many miles for five cents,and then the
Senate, without knowing precisely what was done,
reduced the late of fare to four cents. The presi-
dent says he is able to prove to any intelligent
man that it is utterly impossible to pay the ex- •
