1386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
the Navy, but I have been like the man standing
on the steps of the Astor House waiting for the
procession to get by. [Laughtei.] Ithasgrown
thicker and thevery moment. 1 hope the
Senate will agree to devote some time or other to
the consideration of a few measures relating to
the Navy. I have in my hand Senate bill No.
17, which is a very important bill, and which I
propose to submit to the consideration of the Sen-
are as eaiiy as possible, and I should like to do
it now. It is a bill that was passed by the Senate
and by the House ofRepresentativesalmostnnan-
imously at the last session, but it did not happen
to pass within ten days of the close of the session
ana it did not become a law. I shall move, as
often as I can got the floor, to have that bill con-
sidered, particulnily as 1 see by the morning
papers that the Secretary of the Navy, in a com-
munication from his Department yesterday, com-
plained of our legislation in regard to the Navy.
1 shall have something to say on that matter when
it comes up; but as now advised, I shall vote
against taking up every measure except one or
two of these little bills that I think ought to be
considered; and if the Senate shall vote down the
pending motion, I propose to move to take up
bill No. 17
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts saysthatthenecessity of the
motion which he has made has been pressed ful-
some time. It certainly has not been pressed on
the Senate; I do not know how it may have been
pressed on him by the Department; but we have
not heaid anything of it here. I do not want to
delay these nominations; I am ready to act upon
them at nn.y moment; and if the Senate me so
disposed, I shall make no further objection to
going on with them now. Theie is nothing which
1 want to press pai ti'Mihu ly now except (he bill
on which the honorable Senator from Oregon has
addressed the Senate, and which ought to be
passed speedily, if passed at all. That bill now
has precedence of everything except the special
order, which I understand is not to be pushed
to-day; and I submit, tin rcfore, whether we had
not better go on with it. As to the resolution
of the honoiaMe Senator fioni Kentucky, I think'
no g reat harm will come to the public if U is suf-
fered to rest for a day or two. I do not think it
is so pressing as to interfeie with other public
business.
JMr. 1IUWIS. I should like to know what the
question befoie the {Senate is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, to postpone all prior ordcis and
proceed to the eonsulei alum of the icsolution in-
dicated by him.
Mr. WILSON. I moved to go into executive
session, but some Senators about me think we
ought not to take advantage of the absence of
some members. I think, however, we may as
well go into executive session and act on those
nominations that arc generally agreed upon. I
therefore make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moven to proceed tothecon-
sid'-taiion of executive business.
Mr. HOWE. I had proceeded so far as fo as-
certain what the question was before the Senate,
i he ni xt inquiry 1 wanted to make was who had
the flooi upon it; i have not resigned it. i find,
however, that the Senator from Massachusetts
has .somehow got the floor and got another mo-
tion before the Senate. I am not disposed to re-
sist go j ng i u to i ht; con aid era lion of executive busi-
ness now, if it be particularlyimportant; buthcre
is a bill before the Senate which it seems to me
may as well be disposed of now as at any time.
It will occupy but a few minutes. There is to
be no debate on it. Inasmuch as it is under mv
charge, I want to make a very few lemarks and
have a papei R>ad in reply to the Senator from
Otegon; and 1 think the Senator from Massa-
chusetts can indulge me so far as that, and the
Senator from Kentucky, who wk-hes his resolu-
tion taken up, i am quite sure will withdraw his
motion until 'his measure can bedisposi d of.
Mr. POWELL. It is not my purpose to de-
bate my resolution at 'ill. I merely wished to in-
dicate to the Senate that I am prcpanng a bill on
the subjecr, and 1 dc.s.ro the information fn<m the
War Department for the purpose of enabling me
to complete it. If we take up the resolution I think
we can pass it in less time than has already been
consumed in making motions, and I hope the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts will withdraw his motion
until the resolution comes up, and then I will go
with him for an executive session.
Mr. WILSON, i find everybody around me
has some object fo gain. I do not wish to appear
to be unfair in fixing a time and crowding these
nominations on the Senate unawares. I know it
is important to act at an early day, and for that
purpose I give notice now that on Tuesday morn-
ing at half past twelve o'clock I shall move to go
into executive session and continue until we act
on all these cases of appointments; that is, I
mean to continue from day to day until wc settle
the question of generals.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiotn Massachusetts withdraw his motion?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw it now.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all prior or-
dei s and take up Senate bill No. 17.
Mi. POWELL. I inquire if that is in order.
I have already a motion pending to take up apar-
uouhu subject.
Mi. SHERMAN. 1 submit a privileged mo-
tion. I move that we proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business. I am satisfied that
there ate so many conflicting claims to precedence
thnMve shall do nothing this afternoon m open
session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
remind Senators that a motion to proceed to the
consideration of executive business is a question
that does not admit of extended debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is
taken on that motion, I wish simply to make an
inquiry. I undeistand that if the motion pievail
the resolution to amend the Constitution wdl be
the business before the St nati at one o'clock on
Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatresolufiou
is now before the Senate as the unhni.sbed busi-
ness of yestei day; and tl tin' Senate now proceed
to the cousideiation of executive business if will
be the special older at ihe next, sitting of the
Senate.
Mr, TRUMBULL. And on that question the
Senator fiom Matyland, I believe, is entith d to
the floor. I merely want it mnh rstood thatthat
will be the busi ness pending, if we go into exec-
utive session now.
Mr. 11 ION DR1CKS. It seems to me the Sen-
ate will not hesitate to accede to so reasonable a
request as that of tile Senator f'mm Kentucky,
lie says that lie wishes toprepaie a bill, and
needs the nifoimation called for by his lesolutlon
in onlei to pn pair the bill. The suggestion of
the Senatoi from Wisconsin is also ceif.unly a
very reasonable one. 1 will support the motion
of the Senator from Ohio to go into executive ses-
sion ns soon as those two little matters are dis-
posed of: and certainly there can be no objection
to doing what those two Senators ask.
Mr. COiNNESS. I have no objection that the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky shall pre-
vail and the Semite proceed to consider his reso-
lution; but to the passage of that lesohition I for
one am oppostd. I am willing that it .-shall be
voted upon, however; 1 have no objection to that
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio that the
Senate now proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senatorfrotn Ohio
will withdraw his motion.
Mi. SliERAlAN. If! do, the result will evi-
dently be a debate as to what business wc shall
transact. The Senator from California has an-
nounced his intention to oppose the resolution of
the Senator fiom Kentucky, and hence it will
lead to debate.
Mr. CONN ESS. I will say that I do not pro-
pose to debate it when the question comes up. I
simply propose to move that the resolution he on
the table.
Mr. POWELL. I shall not debate it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But that is merely getting
two votes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes IS, noes ]4: not a quorum voting.
Mr. KAURIS and others called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order. My
question of order is by what right the motion to
go into executive session supersedes an existing
motion which was under consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has always
been the practice of the Senate to receive at any
time a motion to go into executive session, and
it is perfectly in order like any other motion.
Mr. HALE. I suppose that is not a subject of
extensive debate, as the Chair has said; but 1 want
to give one reason why I shall vote against it.
We aie now in the fifth month of this session,
and the session has been occupied thus far and 1
cannot get the Senate to take upforconsideratiori
a naval bill. The Secretary of the Navy hassent
a letter to Congress complaining that the legisla-
tion of the two Houses of Congress prevents the
action of the Navy and prevents filling it up. I
want simply to do what I can to forward it.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness the yeas and nays have been requested.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 wish to say that on the
motion to go into executive session the Senate
appealed to be without a quoiurn. The only mo-
tion, then, that could be made was a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was made and neg-
atived.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. But we must first find
that we have a quoium before the motion can
again be made to go into executive session. "We
can asccitam that by a vote on the question of
adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It appearing
on a di vision of t he Senate that a quorum was not
voting, a call was made for the yeas and nays, so
that the fart of the presence oi absence of a quo-
rum misht be ascei tamed. The call will show it.
Ah. DOOLITTLE. Very well.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 16; as follows:
V AS-Mcr-s^. lit own. ('1 u k, Coilamer, Conner, Dou-
liule, t'oMMKU'ii. Foot, Foster. Main-*, Heiuleison, flow-
aid, Lane o!' Indiana, Moijrm, Mmiill, Ponx-cn. Powell,
ItdiiiM-), Hheuaau, ^iiinnei, Ten Ejek, Tiuiulmll, Van
Winkle. Wade, and WiImui—24.
i\A\r!-Mivh. Rutkalew, Ciwuitllei, Dnvi^,
Hale, Hauling. (f.ulan, Hendrick-, Jlowe, Joiuwai, Lane
ot Kaik-.i-j jVcMiutlij Riddle, Saul-buij, W lilev, and Wnght
~Ui
So the motion of Mr. Siuulman was agreed to;
and aftet some time spent in executive session, the
dooiswere reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
FripayyJlpiil I, 1804.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Piayer by
Rev. Rush R. Shipped.
The Journal of yestei day was i cad and approved.
LANDS TO KAILKOADS IN IOWA.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, introduced
joint resolutions o f the Legislature of Iowa, asking
an extension of time for ceituin railroad compa-
nies in Iowa to receive land giants; which were
ieferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
oidered to be punted.
DKS MOINES COAL-BEDS.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution granting certain privi-
leges to the city of Des Moines, m the State of Iowa.
Thejoint lesolution, which was read forinform-
ation, provides that the United States relinquish
to the city of Dcs Moines all then rights and in-
j terests m the coal-beds which underlie the liver
; Des Moines within the limits of said city, provided
; that no disposition or use thereof shall be made
' which shall obstruct the free navigation of said
, river, nor shall any one grant of the privilege of
1 mining the same extend for a longer period than
! ten years.
: Mr KASSON. I desire to say a word m ex-
1 planation of the resolution. I have a letter from
. the city solicitorthe facts and asking some
I action. The city have authorized ceitain poisons
! tj") nunc fo i a better quality of coal, believing that
the \em which now undenting the river'Des
Monies to contain a superior quality to that found
>.i. m ^ t\lQy
m the bluffs. On invests
