2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
House that I am not only anxious to proceed in
order, but to give evidence of my anxiety at all
times to do so, I state that I regret violating the
rules of the House, and I apologize to the House
forany language which I may have uttered to-day
which violates its rules. I rose to protestagainst
a practice which 1 remarked had grown into a
nuisance, and which I considered had been ex-
hibited in its most offensive form by the member
from Indiana, [Mr. Julian.]
An exhibition has taken place which I had no
desire td provoke, but which I could not help pro-
voking, 1 suppose, considering the character of
the material 1 had to deal with. I am at all times
ready to extend to any gentleman courtesy, and
to observe the rules of the House whenever 1 ad-
dress it; but, sir, 1 have never yet inflicted upon
the House or the country afoiged speed). That
may be in order; that may be right; but I never
intend to do it, and i cannot do it. It would be
impossible for me to do it.
Not only is it true that the member from Indi-
ana, m the remaiks to which 1 have alluded and
to which I have called thccatentionofthel-Iou.se,
has been guilty of forgery in palming upon this
House and the country remarks which he never
uttered upon this floor, but he has gone fuither,
and has taken the pains, we are to infer from all
the circumstances of the case, to d<stix>y all the
legal evidence by which he could be eonvietcd of
that forgery, thereby piling up eiinie on ctnne,
adding iiueeny to ioigery, making an oiiensive
list of crimes as he heaps up Ins pile. Tins charge
may be out of oi der, but it is ti tic.
The SPEAKER. The remuiks nie certainly
out of Older.
Mr. M A LLORY. Then t beg ptudon of the
Chair and oi the. House. I had doubts myself
whether it was in order, and as* the Chair decides
thai it )S not, i( then; js any other lepaiation
which I can make to the House, I am teady to
make it—lor telling the truth.
Hut tins hngei y ol the member fiom Indiana
is not confined to the clause to which i have calh il
the attention o! the House. It inns thiough
the whole <ollnquy heiween the member ['mm
Indiana and oiy-^ If. What he Humid haw re-
garded and what, { jegatded as tins comparative-
ly decent part of that colloquy no fir as the
member liom Indiana is eoiieei ned, has been
altend by him as distinctly as that pait of it to
which I have called the attention of the House/
Three or four oi five full sheets, in the member's
own handwriting, have been substituted for the
sheets of reports which the leporteis ol the Globe
took down, and in which were contained what
did tiauspue in this House; and those sheets of
the repoiteiH an: gone, have vanished, disap-
peaied. Wheie they aie i cannot uM. "Winn
last heaid from they were in the hands of the
member fiom Indiana, and I suppose if they wete
considered m law us valuable matter, and a je-
coveiy of them sought, that an astute lawyer
might foree htm to produce the sheets or account,
lor then absence or disappeaiance. I do not think
we have thai power in this House It we had,
1 should move that it be exunscd in the ease of
th" mem U r fi win Indiana. 1 would like to see
the jscrews applied to hun,nnd I would like to
have him loteid to tell the House what he has
done with the repoit of the ivpoiters of the
Globe, Io'r which he has substituted his own
iiwuiusci ipt sheets.
I want"d to ki,ow whathe did say, and i anx-
lousiy sought to hud out what he did say by con-
sulting lhe vei liable recoi d made by the i eporteis.
1 called at the oilier and ntadt dnigenl search with
the iepoi less, and the repoj [ which they made was
not t he i e, They Muted that they had given u up
to the gentlemen Jrom Indiana, and that he had
i ctm ned m its place tin.se sheet.-" in his own )jami
writing winch J now show to the House.
i Said 1 hyd but few letnai KS to make, 1(hd 1 do
not know that it is necessity that i should say
anything meie. I am satished with the matn'i
so /at as^I am concerned in n, I believe the mem-
bers of the House are tired of it, and i leave the I
matter vv uh them. i
Mr. .> ULIAN. Oiie single leniark more. Tin1 j
particular e.uuplamt vvh.cU the gemlumrni myites !
is founded on this statement as reported by the i
Globe? j
" Till-'-<> tiHciiinn I*- net at all icic-vct!, however. hy Uk>
white blood in the vcnij oi tlie.-c mgioeo in the Nunli, toi
they have migiated from the South, bringing witli them,
peihap-, the Wood of the gentleman fiom Kuituck>, and
othei distinguished lcutiei& of hi?! paity. [l<;iu«hter.]'J
The gentleman from Kentucky deliberately de-
nies that I made that statement, and brands it as
a foigery in this House. Now, sir, I recollect
distinctly that I used those identical words which
have so offended the gentleman, and which he
says I never uttered; and I appeal to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, the gentleman from
Michigan, and other membersof this House near
me to sustain my assertion and brand as false the
charges of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mi. MALLORY. Is that rcmaik of the gen-
tleman from Indiana in order?
The SPEAKER. What remark?
Mr. MALLORY. That what I have said is
false. That is a cheap way he has of insulting me.
Mr. JULIAN. I said [ would appeal to mem-
bers to show that it was false.
Mr. MALLORY. To "brand it as false,"
was the expression.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regards the re-
mark as outof order; and also part of the lemaiks
of the gentleman fiom Kentucky weie out of ol-
der. But when the House gives unanimous con-
sent to a gentleman to make a personal explanation
the House must expect, as a matter of couise,
that some remarks of a personal character will
be made. The Chair therefore docs not gener-
ally interrupt a gentleman on such occasions, but
fuefers to wait for a member of the House to call
him to order. It was for that reason that the Chan-
has not, therefoie, thus far called either gentle-
man to oider. Tlfce gentleman from Indiana now
yielda to the gentleman fiom Mulligan, [Mi.
LoNGYUAtt.j
Mr. ROPJNSON. I object to any more wit-
nesses being pioduced.
The >SP EA KKR. The gentleman from Indiana
has a light to yield for explanation.
Mr. COX. This is not a petsonal explana-
tion.
'1'he SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it 1-4 in that
liatuie.
x\11. COX. On the part of the gentleman fiom
Mi« lug.in ?
The SPEAKICR. The Chair thinks 30.
Mr. ('OX. I do not wish to appeal from the
(.'hair; but I hope the Chair will reconsider its
decision.
The SPE A KER. The Chair cannot reconsider
it, as he is dearthat the gentleman from Indiana
has the light to yield.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I do not wish to enter into
this controversy, but as the gentleman trom In-
d -ana has called on me [ will stale what my dis-
tinct iccolh etion is. 1 was paying p.utu.ular at-
tention to the colloquy between the gentleman
from Indiana and the gentleman fiom Kentucky;
and I do recollect distinctly the gentleman fiom
Indian \ using the identical language, or at least
substantially the language, made use of in the
1 eference to the gentleman fiom Kentucky. In
corioboiatum of nty memory in this lespect, I
also leeollect distinctly conveising with my col-
league, who sits beside me, | Mr. Drigus, j on the
occasion, ami al.-o after the adjournment of the
1 louse that day m regaid to that paiticular state-
ment of the gentleman fiom Indiana. I cannot
be mistaken in the fact.
Mr. ,1 (J LI A N. M r. Speaker, perhaps the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [ Mr. JSit.v i",nr*j will do
me the favor to say what he recollects of the
matter.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 have no ubjection to ie-
Hpond, although i do not desire to do so. I re-
member the lemarks which have been read as
having bet n made at the tune; tori thought at
the time, and think I icmarked, that they were
quite rude. [ 1, uighii'r j
Mr JULIAN. 1 call on the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Drig ;sj to state his recollection
o( the matter.
Mr. DRIGG^. As the gentleman has called
upon me I v. ill s.iy (hut I can ludotse what my
eoll< ague [Mr. LonuyearJ has elated. I icment-
bei it distinctly.
Mr. MALLORY. I make the point of uider
that the pioof ,u tins Cd.:e i-> the iepn>iei'i> man-
uscupt, whi'di is m the haads of the gentleman
from Indiana. Let bun produee U. It wmit into
his hands. It n out of oub.i to be proving in
tins way v/hat wt.« said by mumbeis.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to determine, not for the Chair.
Mr. DRIGGS. 1 was going to say that I re-
member distinctly the fact that my colleague [Mr.
Longyear] remarked to me that lie thought that
rather sharp, when Mr. Julian spoke of mulat-
toes bringing to the North the blood of southern
men. We conversed about it at the time, and on
our way home after the adjournment.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, there are half a
dozen other gentlemen around me who tell mo
that their recollection is the same as that of those
who have spoken. But I will not consume the
time of the House in calling other witnesses. I
simply want to say that I have branded as a slan-
der the statement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that I have been guilty of forgery. 1 ar-
raign him and convict him on the evidence of men
who heard me use ihe identical words attributed
to me by the Globe reporters, and throw back
into the teeth of the member 
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is out of order. The Chair ioels that he can-
not allow these personalities. If gentlemen do
not use to questions of oider it is the duty of the
Chair to ariest peisonahtics.
I Mr. JULIAN. I will proceed then.
| Mr. COX. I ask the Chair to have the rule
| read prescribing the couise of proceeding when
a member is called to oider.
The SPEAKER. It is the duty when a mem-
ber is called to oider to take his seat.
Mr. ORTH. 1 move that my collcngue be
allowed to proceed in order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mi. JULIAN. The House I think will under-
stand what I meant to say, and what I did say.
1 disue to make one further remark. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky refers to these pages of
the repoiter's manuscnpt. Now, the gentleman,
who is an old and expeueneed member of tins
House, knows that nothing is more common than
lorn member to take the pages of las lepoited
spiech and substitute other pages in his own
Inuulwi iling, withholding the manuscnpt ol the
lepoitei. When I took this manusn ipt of the
lepoiin for the Globe, whiHi I found lepoited
me mipeifectiy and needed much inteihncation,
I asked him if I was at liberty on looking u^over
to substitute my own report for some of the
pnges; in other words, whether I would be al-
lowed to retain those pages and write out others
in my own hand in their place. He said 1 could
do so if I would make the same, paging at the
top. I did so m uce.otdauee with what I mi-
del stand to be a wcll-rec,agnized custom m this
bmly
1 do not know where tho.se pages aie. It is
sufficient now to a.,sei t and pi ove as I have done
by the testimony of several genll-mum about mo
that what is reported in the Globe is substantially
what 1 did say. The gentleman cannot dodge
the point by saying that the Globe repoit is dif-
ferent Irnm my spoken woids when gentlemen
about me say it \\ as substantially if not literally
the same. If 1 saw iit ^ a favor to ihe pnntei to
write out one or two pa^es m my own hand to
make it nnne legible as well as accurate neither
the gentleman not anybody <.Ue has any iightto
complain. I asyute him again that the identical
woids I used which allude to bun personally are
repoi ted in the Globe, and lhat all of my remarks,
both as to fact and aigument, are reported with
substantial if not liteial accuracy, if the gentle-
man does not believe me let him consult the Globe
reporters. I know they will not contradict me.
If I can find the Iragmentsof sheets which j thiew
aside I will show irom the handwriting of the ic-
poiters themselves that 1 used the identical lan-
guage which the g< ntlemau says I foiled. I will
make search for thos>e pages among some ruhbiHi
in my committ^e-ioom if any more certainty in
this matter is demanded.
As to any luilher lemarks of the gentleman I
have only to say that it is not complained of by
him that I mteifmed in any way with the report
of ins own remarks as published in the Globe.
No such allegation as that is made. Undet such
cneumsMuces the gentleman charges me with
foiging, with uddmg lai' eny to f u get y, with oil-
ing mine upon crime. W<Jl,.ir, tJier what
h.iS been saw! he Mill pei-iste (m ...
and sees fit to wine hiim- If c<■ >s. .< }:■
and ruffian, I hand htm ove. 
