1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ml
and my colleague the Administration candidate,
the latter would have been routed " horse, foot, and
dragoons." The point I make is notthatmy col-
league is wrong in his present opinions, or that
he has not a right to hold them, but that he did
not afford an opportunity to the people of Ken-
tucky in his district, by a frank and manly avowal,
to send a member who would repiesent them
faithfully. That is the cause of quarrel and the
extent to which it goes. Having made these
statement, I will not detain the committee with
further observations.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, I will notdetain
the House long. I beg pardon for having con-
sumed so much of its time already. I accept the
point made by my colleague, [Mr. Wadswortii,]
and in 1864 let us go before our people for their
judgment. He has further alluded to things which
it is necessary for me to answer. The Louisville
Journal, the leading paper of the Common wealth
of Kentucky, and claiming to be the representa-
tive of the people there, opposed me, and de-
nounced me " from pillar to post." My district
is composed often counties, and has one hundred
and twenty thousand inhabitants. Two or three
handbills to every man, woman, and child of that
district were distributed from the officc of the
Louisville Journal against me, and in favor of
Mr. Menzies, because they said that he was the
Union conservative Democrat of that distiict,
while I was a radical. Not a paper in my State
advocated my election. I went before the people
on principle, nominated by a convention that the
Louisville Journal denounced as radical, repub-
lican, and everything abominable in the sight of
the people of Kentucky. With that issue 1 went
before the people—for unconditional Union—and
I rode over all opposition. I was returned by a
majority of 5,040. I do not know now a man who
was running for Congress who was in favor of my
election. 1 know the influence that the State gov-
ernment brought to bear again st me. It was nothing
but piiuciple, a sublime love of country—princi-
ple and devoted patnotism and everlasting phi-
Ian fh ropy tliat made me their Rep! esontative over
the late Representative fiom that distnet, who did
not vote fur the appropriation bills to canyon the
war.
Let the issue be made between us before the peo-
ple. The gentleman has throwndownthegaunt-
let. The war is waged. Let it go to the people
of Kentucky to be decided in 1864. Let them
decide in 1865 whether they will indoise us as
members of Congress, i speak for my people.
I have seen and communicated with them. 1 say
to my collengues that I have in my possession let-
ters from the best and truest men of Kentucky—
men who own more negmes than ail of us put to-
gether—who indorse me for voting for the pi esent
Speaker, [Mr. CoLrAX,] in voting, as my col-
league said, for an "abolitionist for Speaker." I
have not yet received a single letter reproving me
for voting as I did They also indoise my reso-
lution, and they indoise my position generally.
I believe that they will indorse me hereafter.
Mr. MALLORY. Who are those extensive
slaveholders5
Mr. SMITH. If my colleague will call at my
room ] will tell him. These are pnvale letters,
and I do not know that I am at liberty to give their
names in the House of Representatives.
Mr. MALLORY. If they are private letters
the gentleman ought not to have alluded to them
in the committee.
Mr. SMITH. I only alluded to them incident-
ally to show that I had been indorsed in my course,
and as 1 know by the best of men. I krow my
position is n^ht and ju^t, and knowing it I will
defend if here, believing as 1 do my people will
approbate my course.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I hope I will be
paidoned for saying one word before this discus-
sion is permitted to close. It would seem, from
what has been said by my colleague, [Mr. Mal-
lory,] that all the membeis from Kentucky who
voted for the present Speaker [Mr. Colfax]
weie recreant to their State and their duty, i
wish to understand these gentlemen, and whether
they intended to include in then rematks every
gentleman upon this floor from Kentucky who
had the independence to vote foi Mr. Coi.rAX for
Speaker? I ask the question for the reason that
I have been denounced by the Louisville Journal
and other papers in Kentucky with violating my
pledges upon that subject. Standing here and
listening to this debate, and to the insinuations
thrown out by those gentlemen, I desire to know
whether 1 am included in their remarks, and am
charged by them with violating my pledges? If
I am I want them to say so.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 have not, in the most re-
mote way, directly or indiiectly, alluded to the
gentleman. In replying to my colleague, [Mr.
Smith,] I replied to his sentiments and I repudi-
ated them, and 1 read from his speech in which
he pledged himself to vote for a war Democrat for
Speaker; and then I showed that ho voted for Mr.
Colfax. I do not know what the views of my
colleague [Mr. Clay] are; whether lie approves
the proclamation of emancipation or not. I do
not know anything about it, because he has said
nothing. Therefore I beg he will not suppose 1
had any allusion in the world to him.
Mr. CLAY. I am very glad to hear the gen-
tleman 'scandid explanation upon thatpoint. But
as I am upon the floor I wish io make an obser-
vation or two, so that I may stand fair before my
constituents and the world. This very question
as to whom I would vote for as Speaker of the
House of Representatives was put to me on every
occasion in my State, and i replied emphatically
that I would make no pledges, that 1 would not
pledge myself to vote for a Democrat or for a Re-
publican; that I intended to do what I thought
i ight and proper under ail the circumstances whi n
I got here. I did not know the opinions of these
gentlemen, and I though11 would be doing injus-
tice to myself and to my constituents by making
any such pledge; and therefore I told them I
wished it distinctly understood that 1 made no
pledges. Indeed, I pledged myself that 1 would
not make any pledge upon the subject. Some of
my constituents who never heard me speak have
denounced me as violating my pledges—pledges
which I never made—and that denunciation has
been followed up here to some extent.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask my colleague—
for 1 have heard that he said so—whel her he did
not, in the city of Frankfort, which is in his dis-
trict, pledge himself during his canvass that he
would not vote for a Republican unless he saw
from actions here that something like an indefi-
nite postponement of the organization of the House
would be the result of his not doing so; but that
m that event, and that event only, hp would do
so ?
Mr. CLAY. I made no such pledge whatever.
More than that, I stated I would not make any
pledge. I stated it eveiywhere: and 1 felt atlib-
! eity here to canvass eveiy claim and to vote for
I the be.sf candidate, as 1 thought the interest of
i the country required. I have no concealment to
; make m jegard to my \iews. I have never at-
■ tached myself to one side oi the other. 1 am in-
! depend'-nt: I mean to vote for measures as they
| come up according as n seems to me best and for
j the mteieM of my country, disregarding all party
: ties and pai-ty fe< lings, for I cannot say that 1
cordially agiee with either side of the House,
j I must say, so far as the Democratic party is
J concerned, my prejudicesare ratheragainst them.
! 1 had always been against the Democrats; and
i the leading Democrats of my State have mostly
i turned out to be rebels, and a majority of them
i are now in rebel arms. I mean the Democratic
\ politicians of my State. Such being the case, my
: prejudices were rather against them; but 1 did
1 not know what they would be elsewhere, and 1
! reserve ' my right to determine the matter when
! I reached hrre.
i M r.Wj\ OS WORTH. In what I said there was
■ no i.lkision to the gentleman, because I undei-
stood him to stand upon the State platform, and to
' still stand upon it. I would inquire of the gentle-
man if I am not correct m that understanding.
Mr. CLAY. I voted for the platform in the
. Legislature and m the convention, and intend to
be governed in my judgment by the State plat-
! form as laid down as far as it is applicable to the
times. I have made no repudiation of it, and I
have given no vote whieh will not justify me in
standing upon it But these gentlemen seemed to
arraign my colleagues as violating their pledges,
because they \otod fur the present Speaker. The
papers m my Slate take that, ground, and these
: "-eutlemen seemed to follow in the same direction,
< and I wanted to know whether they meant me or
! not.
I take the opportunity to explain myself now
that I may not be misunderstood upon this sub-
ject. I do not intend to create anyill feeliog be-
tween my colleagues and myself. 1 desire to have
the friendliest relations with all of them. Yet,
gentlemen, I intend to act here for myself, not to
be governed by anybody, to exercise my best
judgment on all these questions, and to go home
and face my constituents like an honest man, and
tell them that I have done my duty according to
the dictates of my own judgment.
I have made these remarks bccause this subject
sprung up incidentally here. 1 should not have
alluded to what has been said in the newspapers
if it had not been for the course of my colleagues
this evening. I intended to have passed it by,
but as the question has come up here, I wished
the House and the country to know my position,
that there may not be any mistake about it.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I do not de-
sire to cut off this interesting debate, and I trust
nobody will think that I have done so prema-
turely. I have been very willing to let Kentucky
express her sentiments liere. She is loyal. Sue
supports the Administration in evei ything by vot-
ing for every measure for which the Administra-
tion asks unless she deems it unconstitutional.
She did so in the last Congress, and for some time
she controlled the operations of f he war by having
the ear of the White House. I am #lad that this
debate has sprung up, so that the Extcuuro may
see how far the gentlemen fiom Kentucky ought
to be consulted; and more particularly the loyal
men of Kentucky who stick by their pledges. In
order that we may have time to reflect upon the
matter, I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideiation, and partieulaily the special
order, being bill of the House No. 356, to supply
deficiencies in the appropiiations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. IIOLMAN, (at
twenty-five minutes after five o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 26, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the Senate
having yesterdaj/tlecided that the act of July 2,
lb62, is within the power of Congress, and that
its provisions include members of this body, and
the Senate being the constitutional tiibunu! hi
which is vested exclusive and final jurisdiction
over its organization of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of its members, in compliance with
that decision I am now prepared to take the oath
prescribed by the act. When I have done so, I
shall ask from the courtesy of the body the priv-
ilege of occupying its time for not exceeding fif-
teen minutes in the submission of some remarks
with reference to my personal action under the de-
cision, and the reasons by which it is controlled.
It is the first occasion on which I have ever asked
the indulgence of the Senate for an explanatory
statement, and it shall be the last.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, there
is a law requiring this oath to be administered.
About the policy or the constitutionality of that
law I have but a single word to say. 1 have no
objection to the oath; i can take it and shall take
it, but I question the policy of administering any
other oaths than those that have been administered
during the entire previous existence of our Gov-
ernment.
Messrs. Bayard and Richardson stepped for-
ward to the desk, and the Vice President admin-
istered to them the oath of office prescribed by the
act of July 2,1862; and it was also subscribed by
them.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to make some remarks personal to himself.
Is there any objection? The Chair hears none*
The Senator will proceed.
