2364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
that since this discussion commenced I have suc-
ceeded in finding* a portion of the report of my
remarks on that occasion winch was thrown aside
and substituted by my own manuscript; but I
have not succeeded in finding the whole of the
scraps thus laid aside. When I find them I will
use them; and they will show, written by the re-
porter himself in his blue ink, that 1 did speak of
the gentleman from Kentucky in the connection
whrch is shown in the Globe report; that I did
say the negroes referred to came from the South
bringing with them in their veins the blood per-
haps of the gentleman from Kentucky and other
leaders of his party. When I produce that re-
port it will show what the reporter would now
testify, if he had the right to testify, and which
.is confirmed by numbers of gentlemen on tins side
of the House who heard me use this language.
To all that I add my own positive and distinct
recollection of the language, for I was there, and
I spoke it. I know Icannoipossibly be deceived,
and I place my word against that of the member
from Kentucky and his witnesses in this matter.
As to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Miller,} who stated a little while ago that I did
not use the expression, because I would nothave
dared to do it on this floor, I have only to say in
reply to that taunt that I suppose he speaks from
his own feelings, and imputes to me that cowardice
which belongs to himself. I leave the question
where it lies.
Mr. PIKE proceeded to address the House on
the reciprocity treaty, hut yielded to
Mi. JULIAN, who said: 1 ask the member from
Kentucky if he will allow the reporter's manu-
sciipt showing the words 1 did use to be read
now?
Mr. MALLORY. If the member from Indiana
alludes to me, of course I am anxious to have it
read.
Mr. JULIAN. I have found this portion of
the report in the hand writing of the reporter, and
I send it up to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Come hom the South, andhave brought with them the
blood of the gentleman irom Kentucky in their veins.
Mr. riUJYN. Gentlemen.
Mr. JULIAN. The language is, " the gentle-
man from Kentucky. *' It is here in the very words
which the gentleman charges as be^ng a forgery,
and the word "laughter" is there, too, in paren-
theses as I have it. I ask the gentleman, there-
fore, to take back what he has stated.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker, thisism the
• handwuiin'g of the reporter, who says it is his
report of what was said. I certainly have no
recollection of hearing any such language uttered
by the member from Indiana, and my response
as published in the Globe to what the gentleman
did say on that occasion, as I understood him,
shows that I could have heard no such language
uttered as that published in theGlobe, and which
is here in the reporter's manuscript. I under-
stood the member from Indiana as speaking of
persons in the South, and not of" thegentleman
from Kentucky." That was my understanding,
but I see the reporter for the Globe took down
his icmaiks differently, and as his manusenpt
has been produced here, and as that manuscript
contains the language referred to, I of course re-
tract the charge I made of forgery. 1 should never
have made the ehatge if I had notbeen supported
m my recollection by the recollection of other
gentlemen, who were sitting not very far from
the member from Indiana and listening to his re-
marks. I understood him to make his charge
against southerners as a class, and that is the
icason of my reply to him m the language winch
I used. If I had understood him to use the lan-
guage which it seems he did use, if I had under-
stood him to apply it to me personally, as it seems
he did apply it, my reply would have been very
different. That is as far as I shall allude to the
matter for the present. The member hasrelieved
himself from the charge of forgery, and I retiact
the charge.
Mr. JULIAN. I hope thegfinfiemenon the other
side are now {satisfied that their recollection of my
remarks was fiot precisely accurate. I hope they
are satisfied.
Mr. MALLORY. I merely wish to ask the
member from Indiana whether he has the part of
the reportei's manuscript which precedes this,
and which may make this remark apply to a class.
I will ask him whether the manuscript of the re-
porter is distinctly "the gentleman from Ken-
tucky," or " the gentlemen from Kentucky."
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Kentupky
has retracted his charge; but I will answer him
that it is the gentleman from Kentucky. The re-
port of the reporter shows that I alluded to him.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to see the por-
tion which precedes this. I am exceedingly anx-
ious to know whether my memory should have
deceived me so much as it seems to have done.
Mr. JULIAN. If lean find it—as I have tried
to—I wiil exhibit it to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. If he has any doubt on the subject, I
hope he will consult the Globe repoiter.
Mr. MALLORY. I have consulted the Globe
reporter, who I have every reason to believe is an
honorable gentleman, and he says the language
reported is the language used by the member. I
give the member from Indiana the benefit of that.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Rills, reported as tiuly enrolled an act (H.R. No.
151) making'appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1S65, and for other
purposes; when the Speaker signed the same. -
IUSCHUtOCITY TREATY.
The House next proceeded, as the business in
order, to the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 2) authorizing the President of the Uni-
ted States to give to the Government of Great Bi it-
am the notice required for the termination of the
reciprocity treaty of the 5th of June, 1854, on-
which thegentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the reso-
lution by substituting for it the following:
Whereas by the recipioeity tieaty, concluded the ,r)th day
of June, and ratilied on the 1 lili day of September, 1^5-1,
between the United Stat-'i <>f Anienea and the (iu<en of
Cheat Hrit.un, loi the peuod of ten j ltom the date at
witk h it should come into operation, and tm (her, until the
expuaiion ol twelve mouth-* aiiei e.tlu-i of the hnjh eon-
11aetnif* puities should give none;* lo the oih-;r oi it> wi-h
to teimntati: tile hame, each of the limb eontiacting panic*,
accenting to the prow-ion1* of aiticle hlili of haul iieaty,
being at libel ty to give such notu e to the other at the end
of baid ti'tiu oi ten years, or at any time atteiuaids, and
thereby annul and abrogate said tieaty; and whereas it has
become deniable to teinnnate >aul tieaty in the manner
theu'in piovided lor, a^ itrf teims no longer appear leeipio-
calli beneficial or *atu iaetory : With a view, tbcieforc, that
steps be taken for the tenmuation of the said treaty of the
5th ol'June, 1854, in the mode pte-ciibed m it- filth arm le,
at the earliest praelteable period theiem provided fin, and
that the attention of the Governments of both eounnie-. may
be directed to the adopnon ol .ill pioper inea-uie-, jot an
mineable adjustment of ;ui) matters oi dilh'iciice or depute
which may jennun oi an^e in eon. equencc of ihe teimina-
tiou of j-au! tieaty,
lli'solvi d h\j the St'nidc a nd 2Ivui>eof lie ina.cn! at ivvs of the
United Slatt4* of *$mri it n lit f Vmjjrrsv as-icmhlpd, That the
1'resident n( the United States be. andhe i« hereby, author-
ized and i!M|ue.stedtogivo tothe Goveinmentol the United
Kingdom ot (Jreat Ihilam and heboid the notice required
bv the tilth aifiele oi the -aid teetprocitv treatv of the 5th
ot June, A. 1>. 1854, for the termination of the hdiue.
Mr. PUvE. Mr. Speaker, the proposition now
befoie the House is to clothe the Executive with
authority to give to Great Britain a notice of our
desire to terminate the reciprocity treaty. The
section requiring this notice stipulates that the
tieaty " shall iemain m foice i-m years from the
date at which it may come into opeidtion," and
that " at the end of «aid term of ten years, orany
time thereafter," either paity is at liberty to give
notice to the other of its desire to terminate if,
and the treaty shall terminate m one year there-
after.
Some question has been made about the pro-
priety of passing this resolution now because it
is said to be premature. But I think the objec-
tion not well taken. The treaty was unified Sep-
tember 11,1854, and the Pi e^ident's proclamation
was made March IB, 1855. But the legislation
called for by the treaty was all retroactive on the
part of Congress and of the provinces, so that
when the 11th of September next shall arrive,
this treaty will have been in force the full term of
ten years.
The other view of the matter would protract
the workings of this treaty six months, and make
the ten years of the treaty expire March 1G, 1865.
In either event this Congress would be called
upon to give the notice, and the only question
would be whether it should be done at this ses-
sion or the next.
I confess I am impatient of delay. I desire
this treaty to draw its last breath as soon as pos-
sible. Had it much longer to live in order to die
a natural death, if that be not paradoxical, 1 should
be disposed to use violence and destroy a life
which, in my judgment, has been producfive of
so much injury. It was a creature of mistaken
views and of expectations which had no basis in
fact. Its'workings have been a continuous and
protracted disappointment. It has achieved no
considerable result which was predicted for it,
and I ask the attention of the House for a short
time while I exhibit its utter failure in all partic-
ulars which should render a commercial arrange-
ment with a foreign country desirable to us.
If 1 could believe that the treaty would not be
continued when it is demonstrated that as a bar-
gam between commercial communities it is utterly
unprofitable to us I should be quite content. But
I fear that when this has  been done the more
formidable question will have to be met as to the
expediency of the thing, even if commercially
desirable. It will be asked whether the condition
of the country does not demand the sacufice a
continuance of the treaty would enforce. It is
this question lying behind the other that I con-
sider much the more impoitant to be deteimined
in order to insure action. One can deal readily
with facts and figures. They are susceptible of
working out conclusions that cannot be gain-
sayed. But other considerations that depend, it
may be, oil apprehensions only half confessed,
elude the grasp like a hidden disease, and cannot
be measured and controlled. They vary in im-
portance according to the mood of the person in-
dulging them,and arguments that are convincing
at one time are of no account at another.
I piopose to address myself to both views of
this important matter, as I am firmly convinced
that just and proper political considerations de-
mand of us the abrogation of this? tieaty far more
imperatively than even the cries of oppressed
trade.
The fitst question for the House to consider is
whether the business interests of the country
would be promoted by the abrogation of the
treaty.
If the treaty be abiogated the provinces will
regulate their trade with us according to the
general laws governing trade with other coun-
tries. I know this would not have been the case
formerly. There was a long series of years when
the policy of Great Britain was to keep the prov-
inces for her own use. She chose to manufacture
for them, and she wished to convey their products
m her own ships. She planted them and protected
them, and as an equivalent for the expenses in-
curred, determined to have whatever piofit might
uuse from their tiade. The statute of 1660 pio-
vided that "no merchandise whatever shall be
imported into or exported from any colonies of
Great Britain in Asia, Africa, or America, ex-
cept in British vessels with Butish masters, and
manned by at least three quarters British sailors."
This law remained in force for more than a hun-
dred and fifty years, and whoever will examine
our earlier treaties with them, beginning with
Jay's treaty in 1194, arid running through sub-
sequent treaties and conventions, will see with
what jealousy the Government guarded this co-
lonial trade.
But the home pressure on the British Govern-
ment changed its policy. The manufacturing in-
terest, which demanded laws for its protection
when it was feeble, had outgrown the necessity
for such legislative aid, and sought free and unre-
stricted trade with the world. By one step after
another the colonies were relieved of the restne-
tionsplaced upon them,untilnow their connection
with the mot her country is little more than nominal.
Wc should bear this fact in mind when we are
discussing the propriety of the proposed meas-
ures. H is not whether by abrogating this treaty
we shall throw obstacles in the way of commer-
cial intercourse* as would have been the case
formerly upon the abrogation of a special com-
mercial arrangement with them, but whether by
abrogating this treaty we shall placc our trade and
commerce with the provinces upon the same foot-
ing as that with Great Britain.
And I desire the Blouse to consider this ques-
tion as one of very considerable importance. The
figures of this trade are large even in comparison
li with the enormous sums to which wc are becom-
