1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
isdivided by ninety-five,and the quotient so found
is aaid ?o represent the tonnage of the vessel.
But it docs not represent the tonnage. When
the law was passeu'in 1720, or made general in
1773, all vessels were built upon substantially the
same model, just so long, just so wide, and just so
deep, and to them the law might well apply. If
the ordinary vessels were all built upon models
proportioned in the same way, their tonnage could
be: thus ascertained, and the law would be a reason-
ably just tine, because it would furnish elements
with which coned results might be ascertained.
But the rule did not apply with accuracy to any
vessel except vessels of that form. In those days
it was more desirable to have vessels carry much
than sail fast. But by and by it became for the
interest of commerce that ships should be so con-
structed as to sad rapidly. But there was the law.
Upon that law all the duties to the Government
were ascertained and paid. Now it was easy
enough to evade it by changing the model of the
vessel, and so it was found, instead of the depth
being properly represented by one half the breadth
thatship-builders ran their vessels down,making
a very greatly added depth, so as to give them a
greater carrying power without at all affecting
the registered tonnage. So when it wasdesiiable
to make vessels sail rapidly, the model would be
so constructed as to insure greater speed without
violation of the rule of measurement.
This rule continued in force in England from
1773 down to 1833j I think. But dm nig that time
many efforts were made to improve the rule. In
1821 there was a commission, under the control
of the Ho,ud of the Admnalty, appointed for the
purpose of l evismg these rules fur estimating ton-
nage, and great pains were taken to a>.cei tain some
coriect mode of measuiement. But all efforts
failed. In 1833 another commission was ap-
pointed, and it lesulted finally in the establish-
ment of a law by Patliamem, which was called
the new law, us distinguished fiom the other,
which has been known fiom that time until now
among the naval architects of Great Britain as
the " old law." The efforts of the commission re-
sulted in the establishment of a law which was not
satisfactoiy, and very shortly afterwards other
commissions were appointed, and between 1833
and 1850 various attempts were made to improve
the law and to get a good and correct system es-
tablished. In 1854 the one which is now the law
of Great Britain was passed by the Butish Par-
liament. It will be found in the " Merchant Ship-
ping Act " of 17 and 18 Victoria.
Mr. George Mooisom was one of the early au-
thors of the law, and his book, a very valuable
treatise, which I have here upon my desk, goes
at length into a description of the character of the
law. The bill now repoitedis substantially a
transcript of that. It is lecommenued by the
Na\y Department; it has the sanction of the
Treasuty Department; and it has been submitted
to the diifei cut interests throughout the counu v,
and 1 believe, with one exreption, hu& not been
criticised at all; it has found general favor. One
gentleman, an American, Air. William W. Bates,
who seems to have given great thought to tins
subject, has suggested that it may become neces-
sary to have another measure men [for dead-weight
cargo besides the internal measuiement which
this bill contemplates. Perhaps that may be need-
ful by and by, but it is not in my judgment ad-
visable now. The main profits from vessels arc
found in tluir capacity to carry freight and pas-
senders, and the result of all the labor that has
been given to this subject has shown that the
true way to determine the tonnage of a vessel is
to ascertain by correct mensuration upon scicn-
tific principles the whole internal cubic capacity
of the vessel, and that is the purpose of this bill.
It simply pi ovides that the en lire cubical capacity
of th e vessel shall be ascertained, and that d i vided
by a hundied gives the tonnage: one hundred
cubic feet is declined to be a ton.
In icgord to the section of the bill which pro-
vid( s for fees fur measuring, I would say that it
has been prepared wuh ti ii,ood deal nf cure, as
inde<>d the v hole bill was, by the distinguished
head of th" Bureau of Const i notion, Mr. Lent hall,
and bus been submitted to other gentlemen who
aie familiar with these subjects. It is barely pos-
sible that it will be found that this fee bill will
have to be altered, but the law will not go into
operation until the 1st of January, 1866, before
which time it will have become practicable to de-
termine whether the rates are reasonable or not.
They are less than the rates in the English law,
and which are allowed in Grtat Britain.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have not said all I de-
sired to say, but I cannot spend further time on
this bill, and therefore, uniess some gentleman
desires to ask questions, I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it wasac-
cordingly read the thiid time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table-.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ERIE COLLECTION DISTRICT.
Mr. ELIOT also, from the Committee on Com-
merce, repuitcd back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, bill of the House (No. 287) to
change the name of the district and port ofPresque
Isle to the distuct and port of Erie.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PORTLAND CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS.
Air. ELIOT also, from the same committee,
repoi tc d <x bill to appoint an appraiser and assist-
ant appiaifer for the port of Portland, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
tim o.
The bill was oidc*red to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was a^ieed to.
NIAGARA. SIIIP CANAL.
Mr. ELIOT also, from the same committee, re-
ported back the petition of James G. Overell and
others, citizens of Ogdensburg, New Yoik, pray-
ing that a ship canal may be made around the falls
of Niagara, and asked that the committee be dis-
charged fi om Us further consideration, and that it
be i del red to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
It was so ordered.
DUTIES ON ARTIFICIAL FLOATERS.
Air. ELIOT also, from the same committee,
reported back the petition of manufactuiers of
aitificial flowers in the city of New York, pray-
ing for an increase of duty on impoited manu-
factured flowers, so as to make it at leastscventy-
j five pei cent, ad valorem, and that no increased
I burden be placed on that branch of industry;and
I asked that the committee be discharged from its
fuither consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
11 was so ordered.
N A MLS OF VESSELS.
Air. ELIOT also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
nut pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2.">H) to change the
namp of the Ameiican-buiit schooner Starlight
to that of Joseph Brady; which was laid on the
table.
Air. ELIOT also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a i^commendation that it do
not pass, a bill (H. II. A". 1*29) to change tin-
name of the brig Ilelienstein; wluch was laid on
the table.
CONSUL GENERAL TO CANADA.
Air. ELIOT also, from the same committee,
reported back papers relative to the arrest of the
American consul general to the British provinces,
mid asked that the committee be discharged from
their further ronsidoiation, and that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foieign Affairs.
It was so ordered.
ENROLLMENT OF VESSELS.
Mr. DIXON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to exempt certain vessels therein
named from enrollment and license, and from the
payment of tonnage duties, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. DIXON moved to amend by striking out
the 1st of April, and inserting the 1st of August;
so as to make the law take effect from the latter
date.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Air. DIXON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TUB PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Air. Hay, his Private Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed an act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Military Academy for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1865; and an act to increase
the pensions of the revolutionary pensioners now
on the rolls of the Pension Office.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on the Judiciary,
with a recommendation that it do not pass, joint
resolution (S. No. 30) for the relief of Charles A.
Pitcher.
The report was read, and the joint resolution
was laid on the table.
Air. HOOPER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
TERRITORY OW MONTANA.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will give way for a moment
until I enter a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can enter
that motion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote of the House yester-
day on House bill No. 15, non-concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, and asking for a com-
mittee of conference. And pending that motion,
I move that a message be sent to the Senate to
return the papers to this House.
The SPEAKER. The pendency of a motion to
reconsider compels the House to send to the Sen-
ate for the leturn of the bill, unless a motion be
made to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
Such motion not being made the bill will be sent
for.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I suppose that
it is the agreement on all sides of the House—and
we have adopted a resolution to that effect—that
Congress is to adjourn on the last day of May,
In the present stage of public business, unless we
make more progress than we have done m the last
two or three weeks, we will be utterly unable to
come up to time. I would make a motion, if as-
sented to on all sides of the House, that all de-
bate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the special order shall terminate in
one minute after we go into committee. We are
I yet to have before up several appropriation bills—.
! the Indian appropriation bill, the miscellaneous
! oppi opi iation bill, the tax bill, the canal bill, and
j other important bills. If gentlemen persist in
■ making motions and speeches on the currency
■ bill, as they have done thus far, we will not get
! through the hill for some considerable time. If
| there be no objection I will move to terminate all
! debate on this special oidur in one minute after
; its consideration is resumed. That will not m-
: terfere with thrj offering of amendments.
J Mr. BROOKS. 1 cannot assent to that propo-
i sition.
| Mr. MORRILL. If there be objection then I
! withdraw the proposition, and move that all de-
| bate on the pending section be closed in one mm-
i ufe after the Committee of the Whole on the state
' of the Union shall resume its consideration,
i The motion was agreed to.
| Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rules
I be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
I the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
