1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
simply to give validity to the existing act of Con-
gress. It does not undertake to go beyond that
existing act of Congress. Now, if we refer to that
act, we find these words:
"That hereafter every person elected or appointed to
any office of honor or profit under the Government of the
United States, either in the civil, military, or naval depart-
ments of the public service, excepting the Presidentof the
Uniied States, shall, belore entering upon the duties of
such office, and before being entitled to any of the salary
or other emoluments theieof, take and subscribe the follow-
ing oath or affirmation."
The statute is limited in its operation to those
" hereafter clected or appointed, "and the rule ob-
viously is confined to an enfoiccment of the exist-
ing statute.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will,
then, if there be no objection on the part of the
Senate, give to it that construction, that it applies
to such officers of the Senate as have been elected
or appointed subsequent to the passage of the law
prescribing the oath.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The YICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 19th instant, information in relation
to the contracts of Shepherd & Caldwell to carry
the mails on certain routes; which was referred
to the Committee on PostOflicesand Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate of the 18th instant, a statement of public
books and documents in the custody of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, which, by a joint resolu-
tion of Congress approved March 3, 1863, were
eet apart for distribution; which was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, communicating, in answer to a resolution
of the Senate of the 20th instant, a report of the
Secretary of State, with accompanying papers,
respecting the recent destruction by fire of the
church of the Compeilia at Santiago de Chili;
which, on motion of Mr. Sumner, was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMOKIALS.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Warren Chapman and others, praying that the
enrollment and register granted June 18, 1862,
to the steamer Mohawk may be legalized; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I present the petition of
Solomon Andrews, of Perth Amboy,N*-w Jersey.
Mr. Andrews claims to be the inventor ofa method
of navigating the air, and has devised a machine
for that purpose, which has been, as he states,
successfully'tried. Fie farther states that he has
a model ready for exhibition in the city of Wash-
ington, and that he believes it capable of doing
great service to the country in the present wat.
He therefore respectfully prays that Congress may
cause the invention to be examined, and, if.shown
to be successful, may directits use by the armies
of the United Stales. As it is connected with
matters of war, I ask that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so re-
ferred.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a lesolution of
the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of an ap-
propriation of lands to endow female colleges m
the several States, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which v/as agreed to.
Mr. MOURILL, ftom the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 54) to mcoi porate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company in the District of Columbia, re-
ported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 15) to incorpoiate the
Washington City Savings'Bank, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.No.
50) making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Departmentduiing the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1865, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing;, to whom were referred a motion to print ad-
ditional copies of the message of the President of
the United States, communicating the report of
Hon. J. A. Wright, commissioner to the Exhi-
bition at Hamburg, and a motion to print addi-
tional copies of the report of the Secretary of
State, communicating a report of Hon. Samuel
B. Ruggles on the resources of the United States
presented to the Statistical^ Congress at Berlin,
reported the following resolution; which was con-
sidered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That fifteen hundred copies of the message of
the President, communicating the report of Hon. Joseph
At Wright, commissioner to the International Exhibition
held at Ilambuur, and of the report oi the Secretary of
State, communicating the ivpoit of Hon. Samuel B. Rug-
gles on the resources of the United States, presented to the
International Statistical Congiess at Berlin, he printed for
the use of the Senate.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, it was
Ordered, That Charles Anderson have leave to withdraw
his petition and other papers from the files of the Senate.
BRIDGE AT ST. LOUIS.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 1 desire to give
notice that to-morrow, or on some subsequent day,
I shall ask leave to bring in a bill to authoiize the
construction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at the city of St. Louis. The object of giving
notice thus early in the session of such intent is,
that all interests likely to be affee'ed by this great
enterprise may have an opportunity of being con-
sulted, that consideration of its bearings upon an
! unbroken line of transfer between the oceans may
I be had in advance, and that cooperation shall be
j thus secured among all who are to be benefited by
! its speedy erection.
1 BITXSINTRODUCED.
Mr.POMER.OY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
i 73) to enable the trustees of Blue Mont College
| to perfect the title to their lands; which was read
! twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
j on Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
: sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
i 74) to secure homesteads to persons in the mili-
tary sei vice of the United States; which was read
! twice by its tnle, referied to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, lenve to introduce a bill (S.No. 75)
for the relief of George T. Wiggins, of Keokuk,
Iowa; which was read twice by Us title, and in-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON a.skcd, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. No. 21) to provide for the printing of official
reports of the operations of the armies of the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Committee
on Milituiy Affairs and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson-, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing hill and joint resolutions of the Senate:
A lull (No. 49) relating to thcadmission of pa-
tients to the hospital for the insane m the District
of Columbia;
A joint resolution (No. 2) exptessive of the
thanks of Congress to Mujoi General Nathaniel
P. Banks and the officers and soldiers uuder his
command at Port Hudson;
A joint resolution (No. 3) expressive, of the
1 thanks of Congress to Major General Joseph
j Huoker, Major General George G. Meade, and
! Major General Oliver 0, Howard, and the officers
! and soldiers of the army of the Potomac;
A joint resolution (No. 5) of thanks to Major
| General Ambrose E. Burnsidc and the officeis and
I men who fought under his command; and
| A joint resolution (No. 14) presenting the
i thanks of Congress to Cornelius Vanderbilt for
I a gift of the steamship Vanderbilt.
i PURSUIT OF IMDIAN& IN BRITISH TERRITORY.
| Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
! lution; which was considered by unanimouscon-
; sent, and agreed to:
i i liesolceii, Thdt thu Pie-idout of the United States be re-
j! quested to communicate to the Senate, if in ins opinion not
incompatible with the public interests, copies of the cfcr-C
rcepoudcnce with the authorities of Gi^rvt Britain in reia-:
tion to the request made in the year 1863 that permission
might be given to the military lorces of the United Statea.
to pursue buch hostile bands of the Sioux Indians, engaged
in actual warfare, as might cross the international bounds
into the Hudson's Bay territories, :
EXCHANGE OF PItlSONEES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A resolution sub-
mitted by the Senator from Kentucky [Mr, Davis}
on the 7thr instant is now before the Senate iivits
order, and will be read.
The Chief Clerk read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Presidentof the United States be,and
lie is hereby, requested to fuuii«h the Senate with a copy
of nil the correspondence between the authorities of the
United Stales and the rehel authorities on the exchange of
prisoners, and the different propositions connected with
that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is an amend-
ment pending, submitted by the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] to insertafterthe
word "requested" the words "if not, in his
opinion, incompatible with the public interest."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MILITARY INTJEItEEHENCE "WITH ELECTIONS.*
The Senate next proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr.
Powell:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to trans-
mit to the Senate all orders or proclamations in his Depart-
ment concerning elections, issued by military authority, in
the States of Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and Delaware,
The resolution was adopted.
„ PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. DAYIS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is no other
morning business, and, with the consent of the
; Senate, the Chair will call up the special order
; which was assigned for one o'clock to-day,
! There being no objection, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the followingresolutionjsub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson on the 8th instant:
Whereas Hon. Garrett Davis, a Senator from the Slate
of Kentucky, did, on the 5th day of J.mu.uy, A. D. 1864,
introduce into the Senate of-tho United States a series of
resolutions in which, among other thins?, it is declared
that •• the people Nouh ought to revolt against then war
lender, and take this great matter mto their own ImndsSj"
thereby meaning to incite the people of the United Slates
to icvolt against the President of the United State?, and
those in auihuilty, who support him in the prosecution of
the war to preserve, pioteet, and defend the Constitution
and the Union, and to take the prosecution of the war into
their own haiuN: Thciefore,
Be iticsolvcd, That the said Garrett Davw has,by the
intinduction of the resolutions aforesaid, been guilty of ad~
viMng the people of theUnited States to treasonable, msui-
lectionary, and rebellious action against the Government of
the United States, and ofa gross violation of the privileges
of the Senate; foi which causes lie is hereby expelled.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senator from Michi-
gan proceeds, I will ask his courtesy to desire that
a note which I addressed to the committee in re-
lation to that resolution shall be first read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If. will be read.
The Chief Clerk read, as follows:
Washington City, January 20,1864.
Sir : I was taken wholly by surptise at the presentation
of the resolution to expel me from the Senate. I had not
expected, or even thought of any resolution which was
made the ground ot that proceeding, or any one, or the
whole of the caries producing any such movement. f
therefore avowed.in substance.'distmctly, that the mover
of the rebolution for my expulsion interpieted the resolu-
tion on which he based his erioneously and injuriously
to mc. That in offering those resolutions Iliad no puiposo
to invite the Army to mutmv, or the people to sedition, or
any violence whatever; but it was to exhort the whole
people. "North and South, to terminate the war by a consti-
tutional settlement of their difficulties and reconduction
of the Union; and that the seties of resolutions would not
fairly admit of any other construction; all of which I now
rcnlfnm.
I am prompted-to make this disavowal again. In this
form, to place it upon the records of the Senate, it having
as yet only appeared in the report of itrf debates. And
with this note, which I request you to lay before the com-
mittee. I submit the case on my part to its action.
Yours, &c., GARRETT DAVIS.
The Chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs of
the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the temper
exhibited in the letter of the honorable member
from Kentucky just read from the Chair seems
to indicate certainly to my mind a regret that his
resolutions have placed him m this unpleasant
predicament; and I desire now to say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that, if such beThe fact, and
hedesires leave to withdraw the resolutions which
