1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2365
ing accustomed. It cannot be otherwise hereafter.
These provinces,ifcombined, would in population,
extent of terntoiy, abundance of resources, intel-
ligence of inhabitants, and general thrift, be an em-
pire of no inconsiderable importance. Their con-
tiguity to our own markets will bring them here to
seil their productions, and we shall exchange com-
modities with them to a much greater extent than
with any equal population elsewhere. For some
years our trade with them has been considerably
more than our whole foreign trade at the time of
the formation of our Constitution.
Sir, those who effected this treaty had been at
work upon it for a number of years. A similar
proposition had been made by Canada alone and
rejected. Like terms had been offered as to the
fisheries and refused. But this scheme, by be-
ing more comprehensive, broughtin a larger num-
ber of supporters, and thus obtained sufficient
strength to force itself upon the country. I have
familiarized myself with the history of the nego-
tiations that led to the treaty, and as a mode of
testing the value of the plan thus persistently urged
upon us, I propose to examine the expectations
of those who advocated its adoption. Let us see
what they attempted to do,and then wemay judge
better whether they have succeeded.
Among the first of these purposes was an in-
tention to benefit the fisheries. The gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Ward,] yesterday, in his
elaborate and able speech, presented that sub-
ject as one of first importance. The treaty itself
recapitulates the difficulties and misunderstand-
ings in relation to the fisheries, and gives that as
one reason for its formation. At the time of the
making of this tteaiy we were acting ^nder the
convention of 1818. You will recollect that the
treaty of 1783 provided the proper basis upon
which this matter should stand. The language
of that treaty is very forcible. It says:
" The people of'tho United States shall continue toenioy
unmolested the t ight to take fish of eveiy kind on the Grand
Hank and all other banksot Newfoundland ; also in thoGuK
of St. Lawrence and at all other places in the sea where
the inhabitant* of both countues used at any tnne hereto-
fore to fiah."
Thus the inhabitants of both countries were to
have the same rights in these fisheries. But the
commissioncis who executed the convention of
1818, for some reason,and for what 1 never could
understand, yielded those valuable rights without
any consideration whatever, and that convention,
stipulated that we on our side renounced forever
—for that is the language of the convention—" all
right to take and cure fish within three marine
miles of the coast, bays, creeks, and harbors of
the provinces," except in certain specified locali-
ties, in Newfoundland, Labrador, and the Mag-
dalen Islands,
It was a very hard bargain for us to make, and
the construction put upon it by the British au-
thorities subsequently made it still harder, for
they contended that these three marine miles
should be measured, not from the indents of the
coast, but from imaginary lines stretching from
headland to headland along the coast.
Much difficulty occurred, many vessels were
seized, and this treaty attempted to obviate these
difficulties for our benefit. The reciprocity treaty
opened our home market to foreign fish on the
same terms as our own. For this grant to for-
eign fishermen we gained certain privileges in the
Gulf of St. Lawrence and along the shot cs of the
provinces. The odious three-mile restriction im-
posed by the convention of 1818 was removed.
Our fishermen could go anywhere except up the
rivers, and were allowed to cure fish upon the
shores. Large benents were expected^ It was
supposed that our fishermen having maintained a
longcontestagainstwhat seemed bad odds would
now, upon equal teims, compete with great profit
to themselves with the provincials engaged in this
tiade. How is it? We have now nearly ten
years'experience of this new order of things.
Has it benefited^hose engaged m the trade r Tins
is a practical question to be decided by the mer-
chants themselves. They are intelhgentand know
their own interests. I hold in my hand several
letters from gentlemen largely interested in^the
fishing business. They were written to me smce
this proposition to repeal the treaty was intro-
duced, and are conclusive to my mind upon this
branch of the subject.
One of these correspondents is among the largest
fishermen in New England. He is a highly in- ,
telligent gentleman and "kn^ws whereof he af-
firms." He says:
"The leeiproeity troaty operates againet the fishing in-
terest. It would ha an advantage to*the fishing interest to
have it abolished, with an understandmgihatatariffshould
be put on loreign fish. The privilege of fishing in-shorn in
common with the English i& duly appreciated by us who
are in the business, as the annoyance and loss of vessels
under the tlnee-mile lestriction was troublesome and hard
to bear. But things have enthely changed since the ticaty
was made. Tn 1854 the duties were only nominal, and they
were so small that it did not make much difference whether
they were continued or not; and for the purpose of getting
clear of the three-mile restriction we thought we had bet-
ter let foreign fisheome in. But although just now the im-
poitation is checked on account of the high price of ex-
change, as soon as that resumes its us>unl course free for-
eign ii-ah will drive u* entirely out of the market. Salt is
now worth with them$l 50 per hogshead; with us, $4 50.
Cod-lines,leads, duck, nets, everything that we use on boaid
of oui vesseK, and the materials of which our vessels are
built, cost about in the same proportion, or neaily so. All
of us thought, in 1854, that fighting had ceased, and tariffs
were among the things that "had gone by. This rebellion
brings about a new order of thing's. With us it is taxes,
taxes. While we are taxed on'everything that we see,
smell, or taste, and very propeily, loo, should the provin-
cials have our markets open to them and invited to come
in without taxation ? It is mo«t certainly for the interest
of the fisheries that the treaty should be repealed."
Another gentleman engaged in the same busi-
ness writes:
" Our vessels fish mostly on the Banks, which is outside
the three-mile limits. About all the benefit we derive Aom
the present arrangement is to get b:ut. in-sliore and mack-
ereling near the land in the bay of Chaleuis. But the ad-
vantage is tiifling compared with the injuries leceived
from loreign competition. In this town the business has
greatlv declined in consequence of the tieaty. From 1840
to 1850 we had seventy sail of fi.-hermen, but now we have
not half that number. About three quarters of the lisli
eaught by the provincials are suited to our market, and
none other, and of course mu«t come hero for sale."
I have other letters upon the subject from
equally intelligent sources, all coming to the same
conclusion, but expressing it in a more general
way. The sentiment expressed in these letters
is, so far as I know, universal among those en-
gaged in this business.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I call the attention of the
House particularly to tins testimony, because the
Committee on Commerce seem to have fallen into
the error that the benefits to the fisheries make
up somewhat for the loss occasioned by the treaty
to other branches of trade. Two years since Mr.
Gait, then minister of finance of Canada, made
a similar statement. A few days since Mr. Car-
tier, who seems to be a leading member of the
Canadian Parliament, and a gentleman of decided
force, as I find the statement in the body of a
twelve hours' speech, said of this treaty:
" The codfish, in fact, lias pioeured us the ticaiy. And
tills important and valuable ii^h would be:ir considerably
upon the question as to whether the Americans would re-
new the treaty, and piobably piocure its continuance."
Mr. Carrier does well to avoid a discussion of
the general results of the treaty, arid he might well
call the codfish valuable should it effect so im-
portant a result. Canada should follow the ex-
ample of Massachusetts, and give the codfish a
prominent place in her legislative halls should it
insure the continuance of this treaty.
And 1 find an outside influence at work for this
treaty in the name of the fisheries. But no man
on the flqor has a better right to speak ill relation
to the fisheries than I have, for 1 represent a dis-
trict with a very long range of sea-coast and hav-
ing a large capital engaged in the business. And
1 say to the House do notdelay the repeal of the
treaty on account of the fishermen. They have-
had many favors of the General Government for
which they are duly thankful, and if it be true
that tills treaty is injurious to othersections of the
Union and is to be continued solely for their ben-
efit, they say with great magnanimity that they
are willing to give up their individual good lor
the benefit of the whole. And it is one of those
sacrifices they would make quickly.
The truth is, the fishing interest exeicised no
influence in bringing about this treaty, although
very much was done in its name. Mr. Caru'er
slanders the " codfish" when he says it effected
so poor u bargain. 1 can tell him who did make
the treaty. It was the Canadian government, and
Canadian money circulating freely here in Wash-
ington, lubricating the official channels through
which the treaty and accompanying laws had to
pass. It may be that the eastern manufacturers
assisted them. If so they got badly cheated, as
the diminished exports of manufactures plainly
prove.
2. I know the manufacturers had large expecta-
tions from the treaty. They reckoned upon get-
ting raw material cheaper from the provinces.
They thought they could support their operatives
at less expense with the potatoes, wood, and lum-
ber of the provinces than if they were obliged
to obtain those articles from Maine; and while
doing this they reckoned upon adding largely to
their sales. But in this they were mistaken. They
lost more in the falling off of customers than they
gained by cheapening what they bought. The
fact that after the treaty went into operation our
exports to the provinces fell off, settled this conclu-
sively. Instead of an increase of export of man-
ufactures which should correspond with the
increase of imports and the large increase of pop-
ulation on both sides of the line, the export of
manufactures fell off largely. I do hot propose ttf
go into detail of this. Two years since I had the
honor to present to the House resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of my State condemnatory of
this treaty, and I took occasion at that time to give
the statistics connected with the whole trade with
the provinces, and particularly the export of man-
ufactures since the date of the treaty.
Mr. WARD. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maine, I desire simply to ask
whether, in the resolutions of the Legislature of
that State to which he refers, the second one did
not contemplate a new treaty.
Mr. PIKE. No; the resolutions to which I
referred asked the abrogation of the treaty.
Mr. WARD. The second resolution contem-
plated a new treaty. I can produce the resolution
itself.
Mr. PIKE. The resolutions of which I speak
did not. I presume the gentleman refers to an-
other set of resolutions. 1 was going on to say
that steadily from that time to this our exports of
manufactures have declined. Some weeks ago
the House called on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for some statistics upon the subject of this
treaty.
In his letter sent in here a few days since I find
a table giving the values of certain manufactures
exported to Canada for five years, from 1858-59
to 1863—63. The results as given are instructive.
The years end July 1 in each year:
Forl859 the exports were   $'4,185,516
1880 " "  '  3,548,114
18GI " "   3,501,642
1862 « * «   2,596,930
1803 " " ..X  1,510,802
I commend the table to manufacturers.
Another table given in the same letter is equally
important as giving the general results of the
treaty:
Exports to Canada and the other Provitices, with the total of
imports from both.
JSxpo-its. Imports.
Fiscal year ending Sept. 30,1831 §-9,009,791 jg490,704
" " " 1835.... 2,539,961 610.788
« " " lKjO  3,786,373 050,303
'. " " 1835.... 4,047,888 1,435,168
« « « 1940.... 6,100,01)1 2,007,767
" « June 30, 1845..-.. 6,054,226 2,020,065
« « " 1850.... 9,549,035 5,044,463
<< « " 1854.... 24,556,860 8.927,560
a a ii 1855..., 07,806,020 15;i36,734
ii <• a 1856.... 29,029,349 21,310,'121
« a a 1857.... 24,263,482 22,124,296
ii a a 1858.... 23,651,727 15,806,519
n « II 1859.... 28,154,174 19,727,551
II a a 1860  32,706,328 23,841,381
ii a a 1SG1.... 22,745,613 23,062,933
II II a 1862.... 21,079,115 19,299,995
The year ending June 30, 1854, was the last
complete year prior to the treaty. And the year
ending June 30, 186], should stop the compari-
son, as the trade has been greatly deranged since
then by the war. ft is well known that the pro-
vincial markets have been flooded by our goods
sent there to obtain gold in exchange, and it is
also well known that all along the provincial line
goods have been exported for the purpose of ob-
taining the drawback and then smuggled back into
this country. This evil has become so great that
regular traders complain of it, and at their request
I introduced a resolution some days since asking
the Committee on Commerce to consider the pro-
priety of renewing the old law which provided
that drawbacks should not be paid when articles
were shipped to the provinces. In this way since
the war our nominal exports to the provinces have
been swollen beyond the reality.
But what can be said in favoi of a treaty which
has the effect upon our exports which this seems
