3342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
pose' and tp its pacific spirit, and thanking; the
king for his change uf sentiment in relation ti> the
colonists, passed the House of Commons without
a division. I have read recently the letters from
George III to Lord North, or extracts from
them. They may be found in oneof Brougham's
sketches, and they may be read with much profit
and instruction by the men of our day.
The perfect similarity of sentiment and of pol-
icy between George III and his ministry, and es-
pecially Lord North, toward the colonists, and
that of Abraham Lincoln and his Cabinet toward
the southern States, runs a parallel on all fours.
There was this difference between Abraham Lin-
coln and George HI: both were weak men; both
obstinate men; but the one was entirely honest
and sincere in his purposes; the other was of an
opposite character: Lincoln flexible, but still
obstinate, enthroned now a monarch at the other
end of the avenue, almost as much so as Louis
Napoleon, and wielding the power that was con-
structed by the fathers of our country for George
Washington.
Sir, the United States now is in the condition of
Sinbad the sailor, and here is Abraham Lincoln
the old man of the sea. He has persuaded Sin-
bad the sailor to take him upon his shoulders, and
his long legs are wound around the neck of Sin-
bad. lie is making Sinbad trot him off fiom day
to day and from year to year, never lelaxing his
grip; and tlus old man of the sea is now tiynig
to peisuade Sinbad the sailor to let him hold his
seat for another term. But, sir, Sinbad the sailor
got a stimulant which he admini.steied to the old
man of the seathat intoxicated and enervated him
and relaxed his nerves, and he fell from his seat.
Our old man of the sea has hts stimulant, the
stimulant of a weak intellect, of inordinate vanity,
of the .delusion that he is a great man and a great
statesman, and that he knows more abo.m the pub-
lic sentiment and the public business of the peo-
ple of Ameiica than any living man; and under
this excited vanity and the delusions winch u has
produced, he is cutting high fantastic tiieks be-
to te the people of Ameiiea that will impel them
to the peifonnance of the same office that Siiil)LuJ
pei formed: ihey will hut i (his old man of the sea
from their shoulders ami their in cks.
But, Mr. President, the. war of the Revolution
proceeded. There never wax a question made in
relation to the slaves, and- for this, among other
reasons, that every colony held to slaves, every
colony by its laws admitted propeity in slaves,
and every colony had luwsand icgulations for the
better control and government of that pro pet ty.
Our independence was acknowledged at length
in 17*3—not the independence of the negro, not
the freedom of the negro, not the light of the ne-
gro to seif-govei nment, not the pai tnership of the
negro with the white man in the independence
and liberty and self-government for which our
fathers Imd waged this long and aiduous and
bloody contest. The negro was ignoicd. lie
was no party to the transaction. All of its strug-
gles, all of its privations, ail of its fiuits were for
the while man, and not for the negio. When
independence was declared all the colonies were
slaveholtling as they had been at the dawn of the
struggle. In 1780 Massachusetts formed herState
constitution, and aftetwards, about 1783, her
courts declaicd that one of the provisions of that
constitution abolished slavery.
But, sir, the old Articles of Confederation
formed afeebleGovernrnent. They were incapable
to hold together and to govern, as u ftee people
should be governed, the thiitcen colonies; and
when the bonds of their union seemed to be fall-
ing to pieces, and the colonies weie'about to be
resolved into their original elements, some of the
wise and great men of the nation conceived the
idea of forming a new Government and a more
perfect Union. They got together, and they sent
the wise and the gieat men of the Revolution,
the most virtuous and the wisest men that ever
adorned humanity, to reform their Government
and establish a more pet feet Union to secure tiie
blessings of liberty to them and to their posterity
forever. Who were they? The people of the
United States—the white men. The negro was
not represented in the Contention of 1787. He
had no voice in the foimationof that Govern-
ment and in laying out its great and immortal
principles. Its rights, its liberties, its in vestment
and restrictions of power were not by him or for
him. They were by the Caucasian race, and for
the Caucasian race alone.
Gentlemen have relied upon the effect of the
Declaration of Independence. It has been said
a thousand times and truly that the Declaration
of Independence did not comprehend the negro.
It did not relate to him. When it spoke of the
equality of men it meant the white man and not
the negro. The consequence was that the Decla-
ration of Independence neverameliorated the con-
dition ofthe negro, much less discharged one from
slavery and thralldom. it never added one iota
to his lights or libeities. He was not tlioughtof
as a ^subject of that Declaration of Independence
or ofthe Government which was formed in 1787
any moie than the wild Indian of the forest. He
was no more a party to our political partnership
of Union and of Government than the Indian.
He had nothing to do with it. Its language, its
voice, its sentiments, Us principles related not to
him but to the white man alone. The same is
true ofthe Constitution. When the Constitution
was formed it was made by white men and itwas
made for white men alone. The negro had noth-
ing to do with it, no more than the Indian of the
forest, or even the beast of tiie fn-ld. He had no
: agency, no power, no influence directly or indi-
!i rectly in its formation.
Mr, SUMNKR. May I interrupt the Senator
;i for a moment ?
|; Mr. DAVIS. Ceitainly.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 meiely want to remind the
Senator of a histoneai fact which has evidently
escaped him. At the close of the revolutionary
war anaddiess was put forth ft om the Continental
Congiesw to the woiid wntten by James Madison
which contains this very striking and important
I! passage. It says th.it the people are never to for-
jj get that in the war that has now closed the rights
|; tor which they contended weie the rights of hu-
ll man natuie.
■ | Mr. DAVIS. And what did he mean by " hu-
i' mtm nutui er"
j; Mr. WILKINSON. White human nature,
jj [Laughter.]
Mi. DAVrIS. Yes, sir; he meant the white
man, and nothing else hut the white num. Is not
|; that pioved by the result? Is not that proved by
ji the*, vent? Is not thatproved by theconsequencea
that ensued in the Revolution? WasUniade for
j tiie Indian? How did that ameliorate the coudi-
i tion of the Indian? IIow did it alFeet the Indians
i ofthe forest who wen; then more numerous than
!| the negroes within the limits of tin; United Scales?
j: (low did that make him a patty to our political
ji Government-* liow did it invest him with any
I, citizenship, witii any political power, with any
i; lights under the Government? How did it make
Ij him a paity to the Government? Notatall; nor
)j diil it make the negro any more a party or a sub-
ject or a beneliciaiy of the Declaration of Inde-
; pendence and the Constitution than it did the in-
j di.in, and not so much so.
j The honoiabie Sen.dor fiom Massachusetts,
I who is deeply icad in history and especially m
j our levolutionary history, knows tins fact full
j well, as eveiy man does: that a proposition in
1 that Convention to admit negroes into ourpoliti-
} cal partnership, to make them parties to our Gov-
! eminent, and to give them freedom and liberty
( and rights under the Constitution, would have
ji scattered that Convention of wise men engaged in
;i the great busmessof foi ming a new Govei nment,
I and they never would have formed any Govern-
jj ment at ail. Why, sir, theie was a revolution-
|i ury war of upwaids of seven years, desolating
!; the thirteen colonies; theie were three distinct
\i foims of government made for the purpose of se-
jj cui ing the fruits of that Revolution and the libei-
i' ties for which the war was waged; and the negro
l' was never heard of in the whole of this vatied
J drama; never himself m person or by his repre-
i; sciifaiive seen or heaid in any of the councils,
ji civil or mihtaiy. Theie was not a single article
'j or provision of either of these Governments ie-
:j feiung to him, touching or affecting hmi. He
H never received a right, much less his liberty under
i all or either of them. And m view of ail this,
!: for gentlemen to get up and contend that the ne-
!; gro is embiaced by the&e great and solemn tians-
ji actions that were conducted by the Caucasian
J! race alone m the fulfillment of their own destiny
'! and to secure their own rights, is one of the most
h absurd, positions I think that well read and sensi-
ble men could ever give their consent to. I repeat
that if there had been any movement in the Con-
vention to make the negro a party to our Gov-
ernment, or to give him any of the lights and
privileges and liberties which it seemed to the
white man, there would have been no Government
formed, and every intelligent man knows it.
We moved along, e pluribus unum, the United
States of America, in a grand and gloiious des-^
tiny, that destiny controlled by the white man,
and the object of the machinery by which that
destiny was upheld and controlled being for the
white man atone, and not the negio or tin; I ndmn.
The last-people, as I have said before so often,
that gave up the slave-trade after the formation
' of the Constitution were the people of Massa-
1 chusetts, and they extended the time for impnrt-
i ing slaves into the United States for twenty years,
j They availed themselves of the privilege of traf-
1 ticking in that property all the time, and some
j of their illicit tiaders still prosecuted the trade
i after the law which had been previously passed
! took effect in 1808.
| Mr. Piesident, I have read with emotions of
j patriotism, of glowing pride and sentiment that
j i have no language to describe, the development
j of our nation, of our people, the aggregation of
j our numbers, our wealth, our power, and our
! grandeur as long as its great and fundamental
! principles were observed l y the different States
; and parties to the Government. What was one
; of those principles? It was this, and it is the
j very corner-stone upon winch this.impeual re-
l| publican Government was reaied, that each State
ij should have the exclusive contiol and manage-
j ment of its own domestic affaits.
We have been told thousands of times that
i slave States and free States could not existunder
! the same Government, that there was a principle
' of antagonism and of mutual aggressions that
! rendered it impossible. Sir, from about the year
1640 up to the year 3830 these colonies first,
!j and then States, existed together in harmony for
l! a large ponton of the time under that blended
jrsysttm, and theie was no disturbance among
J; them; there was no cause of quairel; the fratei-
i j mty ofthe States was never d ist urbed ; and why *
j| Because all the States acknowledged and acted
upon practically the great corner principle of our
. Government, that each State was to regulate its
own domestic concerns. But, sir, in an evil hour
the men who Imd been deprived of the right of
! unpoi ting slaves any longer into the United States
! and selling them to the South, turned upon their
j own pi maples, their own laws, their own prac-
tices, the institution of slavery which they had
aided the South to build up. After selling those
slaves to the South for gold and lucre they want-
ed, in violation of the Fedeial Constitution and
of the State constitutions and laws, to deprive
the purchasers of this property which they had
sold to them, without making compensation for it.
Mr. President, 1 have tiaced this history for
the purpose of deducing one great practical con-
clusion from it. The thirteen colonies were com-
paratively a small count!y to what the great Re-
1 public embraced at the commencement of our
present troubles. We acquired Louisiana from
1 France. A northern navigator in the enterprise
j of Ins nature coasted along the Pacific coast and
I entered the mouth of the Columbia river. Aftor-
[ wards the post of Astoria was established, and
; by discovery and settlementour country acquited
| the vast Pacific slope, whose mineral wealth now
i knows no calculation. After that we acquired
j Florida by treaty, adding another vast country
i to our already grand and augmenting tenitoiy.
• After that we undertook to filibuster for Texas,
; and a war was commenced, as I then believed
| and as 1 still believe, by the then President of the
j; United States against the Constitution, in defiance
ij of the power of Congiess, while that body was in
!' session. He proclaimed in his message that
m American blood had been shed upon Ametican
ji soil; but the contrary of the proposition was true:
ji Mexican blood vvt's shed upon Mexican soil by
'; the American soldiery; roi that pouion of what
II was then called Texas was never any pat t ot the
| piovinee of Texas while it was a Spanish prov-
j mce. I denounced that war in the other end of
| the Capitol in terms as bold, and, if the Senator
: fiom Ohio [Mr. Sherman] were here, i would
I1 say as violent and denunciatory as-I have de-
ll nounced the measures and usurpations of power
