1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2387
palliy should be weakened. iUre feel for men, not for giant*,
for inonst«r>, for madmen, for those altogether out of our
iditk and spccn"..'' * w *-«#•* *
''Mr. M. Gibson c.innot surely demand fioin us that wv
should absolutely wish the United States to ictaiii their
i integrity,' or no'vv recover it, so a5- to make a vast political
unity or'the kind Mr. Blight der cubes. That would be to
uhfi our own abasement and our own destruction
I have no bitterness of feeling toward these
provinces. Many of their leading men [ know as
gentlemen of great intelligence and worth. But
1 cannot help adverting to the miserable failure
of the treaty in this respect as well as the other.
These pro viijces, while catching their tone from the-
home Government, have far outrun it in hostile
feeling toward us in this struggle. That Govern-
ment has behaved badly enough. We have scored
up against it a long catalogue of offenses. By and
by, when we are m condition to enforce our de-
mands, wo shall take out our budget and direct
the-minister at the court of St. James to present
them. I see by the recent debates in Pailiament
that some uneasiness is felt about the claims we
have against them, and when Mr. Adams on sev-
eral occasions brought to Eail Russell's notice
the damages done by the British pirate Alabama,
lie was answered very curtly and with consider-
able showof impatience. It will be diffeieut one
of these days.
Hut the English Government is exceedingly
sensible; it does not attack another Power unless
quite sure it is eonsideiably weaker. In 18G1
the English opinion was very decided that this
southern rebellion must end in separation. It
then hastened to recognize the Montgomery gov-
ernment as a belligerent. Air. Adams was on his
way with communications from tiie Administra-
tion justinstalied in power, bui so impressed were
they ot the weakness of this Govei nincut that they
treated it with contempt, and made public this
recognition oil the very day of hisarnval in Lou-
don. Fioin tins acknowledgment sprung their
power on the sea and the deSu action of the im-
mense amount of propoity catalogued and pre-
sented to the House the other day by the gentle-
man from New York. As this Government has
shown its strength, the British ministry has be-
haved better. The Alabama escaped while they
were higgling and quibbling over the evidences of-
fered of her character. The Government at last
concluded she ought to be stopped, but did not
act upon their conclusions until it was too late.
Had they exeicisrd half the promptness about
this that they did aboutacknowledgingthe rebels
as belligerents thepnate would not now he at large,
and our shipping would have been uninjured.
The Alabama's cruise created a sensation on
this side the Atlantic, and the indignation ex-
pressed made the Government move faster the
next time. The Alexandia was seized before
she got to sea, but she was prosecuted so mdif-
feiently that an eye-witness writes me that the
verdict was rendered amid a popular liunah—no-
body supposing the Government was in earnest
in the prosecution. And now, after the case lias
gone through the forms of law and been decided
by the highest low eouit, it is said thai the ki law
oifieeia of the Crown" give the opinion that the
"foreign enlistment act" needs no amendment,
because the strength of the Government's case
was not presented at the trial!
The position of the Government as to the iron-
clads l.<st September shows the advance^ made
by- it in consequence of movements on this side
tli" Atlantic. 1 have a high respect for the stat.-s-
lnrtili-jhip exhibited in the management of oui foi-
eigu relations. I do not wisn to detract a particle
from the credit due to it. But the Bntish Gov-
ernment watches much nnue eardullythe move-
ments of our generals in the field tnau of oui toec-
tetary of State, whose most important dispatches
aie those wherein be ih seniles the unlitaiy siiu-
tifum The iron-dads were under full piogress
in liie Meisev. Mr. Laud was viry bold in
Parliament. But the Atlanta was disabled by
three blo ws fio.n the \Y eelmw ken. Vieksonrg
fell L. e was duven back from Pennsylvania.
The rebels lest a bundled thousand men in a
month. Mr. Adams discussed the movements
of .he iron-el.uls boldly, and said to hail Ilusseil,
"My loid. ihis IS wiu !"' and the 11 on-cluds were
slopp. d. Tiie British Government has a big., re-
spect for the upper dog in the fight. They will
not help the rebels a moment iongei than tiiey get
along well. They realize Dr. Johnson s descrip-
tion ofapatron: " For what is a patron, mylord,
but one who sees with unconcern a man strug-
gling in the water, but when he reaches shore
incumbers him with help?"
I give full credit to the British Government for
not continuing the war under the circumstances.
But I cannotforgetthat the immense blockade we
have been obliged to maintain for more than
thirty-six hundred miles of coast line has been
run by vessels of no other nationality than Brit-
ish, and the destruction of the eighty or ninety
thousand tons of our shipping nominally by reb-
els lias been mainly by vessels " sent forth and
maintained upon the high seas by British sub-
jects." These are serious facts which we should
be unwise to overlook when we consider the
terms upon which the two countries really stand
with each other, although we might good-na-
turedly wish to forget them. _
It is quile true that we have friends in Great
Biitain. Earl Russell said at Blairgowrie that a
majority of the people were oil our side. We
gamed these friends in a fair, manly way; and I
thank them for the expressions of sympathy with
which they have frequently encouraged us. They
did not at first see the wit of a war occasioned by
slavery which was to leave the status of every
mail on this continent the same as it found it.
They were puzzled by Mr. Seward's instructions
to our foreign ministers,and well they might be.
But when the proclamation of the President put
the. whole thing upon a common-sense footing
they appreciated our position. There is among
the middling classes of the English people an in-
nate love of fair play which came to our aid,and
all the real friends we have in England we owe to
the disposition manifested by our Government to
deal justly with all men of whatever class. Let
us retain these fiieuds by equal manliness. Cring-
ing is always pour policy; it is as bad as bluster-
in"-. The Butish Government has improved in
lier treatment of us as we have manifested in-
creasing strength and with it increasing boldness
of speech and demand. There need be no fear
now that proper action on our part in regard to
this matter of the treaty will be followed by bad
results.
I say this of the British Government because
it is with them we have to deal. I suy theircon-
duct to us m this war does not entitle them to any
peculiar consideration at our bands, and further,
that the course ot events to which 1 have alluded
shows plainly that any foibearancc to enforce our
rights would be thrown away and entirely unap-
preciated.
As to the provin •• s, they are as nearly mcor-
ligibje as people can be. Bishop Berkeley said
of the Canadians forty years ago*
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the gentleman
from Maine have leave U> finish his speech.
Tiie motion was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I do not know that there is much
diflereuce between Canada and the other prov-
inces in this respect. Nassau has been as active
an ally of the rebels as Chaileston or Wilming-
ton. They have rendered them valuable assist-
ance by evi ry safe means ill their power, anil a
few days since 1 saw that tlnee of their pilots
had been punished for piloting our men-of-war!
Semmes lighted his wav thiougn the sinuous pas-
sages ot tiie British We*t India islands by t.ie
fires ot our burning merchantmen, and whenever
haid pressed by our enrseis diopped into one of
these friendly " neutral" poits for an ovation and
a new oulfit. Ill August last, at the small Blltlsll
-settlement on the soulh-'rn extremity ot Africa,
the people clambered to the highest points of look-
out m full nuntbeis and watched the pursuit of ti
small American merchantman chased by one of
these pirates. Tiie merchant vessel was seeking
shelter in this " neutral" port. She was a small
bulk engaged in the peaceful eirands ol commerce;
her pursuei a powerful steamer fully at mod. One
would have thought Lite sympathies of that distant
people would have boon with the w«ak and ilying.
But no. When the Alabama struck the boa Bride
and Hevofed her to destruction all C;ipc Colony
shouted for joy ! Whether distant or remote the
colonies all shoftrthe same feeling. Nova Scotia
is no better than Nassau or Cape^Town. In
July last the United States steamer Howqua vis-
ited Halifax for the purpose of coaling, and this
is the official account of Lieutenant Devens, her
commanding officer:
Chaulestown, Jvly 3,13G3.
Sir : During the recent cruise of the steamer Howffua un-
der my command, it became necessary fot me to put into tiie
port of Ualifax for coal, and I would most respectfully eail
your attention to the many insults offered to and the out-
rageous manner in winch my officers ami self weie treated
tiy the citizens of the place. A portion of the lacts are as
follows:
As tiie Ilowqua was thopping away from tiie coal wharf
one ofthecrow attempted to desert, when three ofmyoffi-
ceis went on the wharf tor tho puipose of arresting saut
deserter; thev were mobbed by the citizens of tho place,
knocked down, badly bruised,and otherwise treated in a
most shameful manner, and the deserter rescued from
them. In passing through the streets I was subjected to
the most trying insults.
As the vessel proceeded down the haibor, crowds collect-
ed on the end*- of tiie wharves cheering for the rebels and
Jeff. Davis. Men came down and tried to induce my men
to desert, while others cainc around tile ship with seces-
sion tlags and singing secession songs.
As not the slightest cau«e for insult was ottered by my
officers, 1 attribute the treatment we received to the fact
of our being noitliern oth'cers and to the sympathy ot the
citizens of ItahlaY with tiie rebels.
Your most obedient servant,
EDWARD F. DEVENS,
Jlcli.11% Volunteer Lieutenant Commanding.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
The affair of the Chesapeake is too recent an
occurrence to be forgotten. The men who seized
her and murdered her engineer escaped into Nova
Scotia and New Bruiiwiclc, and by means of lag-
ging officials and a willing judiciary got rid of
punishment.
Sir, I take 110 pleasure in reproducing here these
well-authenticated instances of the ill-will of the
British provinces. I would notluive this House
act 111 temper or from any motives of revenge.
But I wish to show the utter failure of this treaty
to produce active and substantial friendliness.
And I wish further that the House should act free
from any threat, express or implied. We legislate
011 the supposition that the Union is to be restored
sooner or later, and ^11 the States continue under
one Government. On any other supposition than
that, the immense mass of* Government bonds we
are putting upon the market would be nothing
short of a swindle, for no one supposes that any
fragment of a broken-down Government, however
lai^-e, would ever pay these vast debts. And if
we^are to continue one Government, surely we can
make such trade regulations as we please.
It was objected in the other branch of Congress
to the tariff' of 1861 that foreign nations would
take offense. But luckily tho objection, made, if
1 remember rightly, by the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, did
not prevail. We made such tariff as our own
interests dictated,and have since reaped the bene-
fits of it. Should we become dismembered and
our Government broken down, I care nothing
what this Congress or any futuie Congress may
say or do. The fragments must geton as well as
other Governments will let them. They must
defer to the opinions of any first-class Power that
chooses to interest itself in their afi'airs. They
must do as they shall be bid to do. But until
then—and that lime will never come—I beg that
we shall, 111 legislating here, consult our own in-
terests l-athcr than the goodwill or ill will of any
foieign Power. .
As to war on account of the n.shencSj should
we go back to the convention of 1818,-it is idle
to talk- about it. We lived under that arrange-
ment lor thirty-six yeais wilhontwar. Some of
our vessels were seized for violating the stipula-
tions of the treaty, and a few were condemned.
But of our whole fleets only twenty-live were
finally condemned; and it is computed that dur-
ing that time our vessels made at least eighteen
thousand voyages there, it is probable that in
the future the same results will follow, and there
is no reason to suppose anything more serious
unless we choose for our own purposes to com-
mence hostilities.
"Why, then, should we go about begging for a
new tieuty? Why send commissioners, as is
provided by the resolution reported from the com-
mittee, whose duty it shall be to beseech the prov-
inces to enter into a new arrangement ? T'ley
cannot accept entire free trade. They need icv-
