1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on the part of this Administration. I never was
called in question for that free and manly ex-
pression of disapprobation of the measures of the
party and the President then in power. There
were other men who denounced them in as free
and in as unqualified terms as I did; and no man
ever dared then to arraign, to denounce, or to at-
tempt by threats and intimidation to awe the
freedom of debate either wlih myself or with any
other person.
Why, sir, how was it in the revolutionary
war? Read the thundering and eloquent philip-
pics of the elder Chatham, of Fox, of Burkp, and
others in the British Parliament against the in-
iquity and the oppressiveness of the course of
the Government of the mother country toward
the colonies. There is there a boldness, a man-
liness, a freedom of condemnation, and a lofiy
strain of eloquence and invective that no speak-
ers of this day can reach, either in power of ora-
tory, in manliness of just rebuke, or even in the
bitterness of invective. If the speeches that were
enunciated by those men, whose opposition to
the tyrannical policy of George 111 and Lord
North has given them a history before which
even Grecian and Roman eloquence pales, and
made the age in which they lived and spoke re-
nowned for the height and depth and power of
its oratory—if these very sentiments had been
expressed in this Chamber against the violations
of the Constitution, the usurpations of power, and
the unjust and iniquitous measures of this Ad-
ministration, a tool of power would have sprung
to his feet and offered resolutions for the expul-
sion of those who uttered them.
Why, sir, toward the close of the American
war theie was a icsolution introduced into Pai-
Jinment thanking Sir Henry Clinton and Sir Guy
Carleton, two of the most renowned leaders in
the British army, for their eminent military ser-
vices in their effoits to reduce the colonies to
obedience. What did these great men of the Op-
position do; these lights of liberty and of luiman
rights; these bold geniusps who were the noblest
and truest and most efficient sentinels on the
towers of human liberty that have ever graced
humanity? Theyopposed the resolutionofthanks
upon the ground,expressed in glowingeloquence
of invectiveand denunciation, that they would not
thank men who had engaged in an oppressive and
unjust war in murdering the colonists of Eng-
land. I might be impelled possibly to use the
same language in regard to the present war, but
jf I were, every consideration of prudence for
safety in my seat here would restrain me. Sir,
if I were to use the same language in my place
in this Chamber which I hold under a fiee Con-
stitution, with the freedom of speech expressly
guarantied to me by a provision of that Consti-
tution, and which has been exeicised so liberally,
licentiously, and flagrantly by the men who are
now denouncing its exercise, or by their fathers,
I am certain I should lose my seat.
Sir, if the same principle and measure of jus-
tice that has been attempted to be meted out to
men in the Opposition here had been practiced in
the eastern States during the war of 1812 one half
of Massachusetts would have been condemned and
executed, or punished as disloyal. And what
would have been the fate of hundreds and thou-
sands of others of active Federalists, not only m
New England, but scattered all over the United
States,in Baltimore—Hansard,Williams,Linden,
and others—who had fought and suffered in the
revolutionary war, but who denounced the Ad-
ministration and the war of 1812 with a vehemence
and with an intensity of language and of passion
that 1 never could approximate? What would
have become of your Otises, your Strongs, your
Chittendcns, nnd the other men who opposed
this war? Sir, you may get their speeches and
their writings and contrast them with the speeches
and writings of this day against the usurpations
of our Administration which is threatening the
utter and final overthrow of our constitutional
liberties, and they far transcend them in violence,
in ability, and in fieiceness of invective. Why,
sir, was not the war against Mexico condemned
with the same freedom, with as much passion,
with as unsparing invective by all who opposed
the war as ttie administration and usurpations of
Abraham Lincoln are now condemned? Cer-
tainly..
But, Mr. President, this is the practical lesson
to which these remarks tend, or to which at least
I contemplated they should tend. The young
giant of the West, the great Republic not only of
this generation but of all the ages of the world,
felt his power, and like any power that is felt it
made the possessor who was conscious of its pos-
session and exercise insolent. We recollect that
some score of years or something like that period
of time, Charles X, a Bourbon, was driven from
the throne of France,. He was the successor of
LouisXIII and Louis XIV. He was the heredi-
tary monarch of an absolute Government; thatis
to say, he was a branch of the then reignina: fam-
ily, and he succeeded, in truth, Louis XVIII.
For less of despotic power, for less of abusive
authority, for less of arbitiary and oppressive acts
than the present President of the United States
and his administration have perpetrated under our
free and limited Constitution that monarch, Charles
X, was driven* from his throne by his subjects,
on whose necks the yoke had sat from the time
of Clovis and Charlemagne.
Under his rule, if I recollect aright, the Gov-
ernment of the United States had setup claims
against that of France for spoliations upon our
commerce, and a treaty of peace had been made
by which the Government of France undertook
to pay to the United States for the benefit of her
citizens whose commerce and property had been
despoiled by the French cruisers $5,000,000. But
Chailes X was deposed and Louis Philippe
ascended the throne in his stead, and when he
ascended the throne he or his ministry made
hesitancy and rather refused to pay thedebt which
the French Government under his predecessor
had agreed to pay the United States. Old Hick-
oi y, the lion of the Hermitage, was then Presi-
dent, and his majesticroar was heard resounding
through our land and across the sea even in the
palace and recesses of the Tuilleries. He threat-
ened war against France unless this stipulated
sum in five installments, 1 believe, was paid by
the Fiench Government. It was a maxim of the
old hero, as he said, that he never contended for
anything that was not right and never submitted
to anything that was wrong. The effect of the
warlike position which he assumed, of his great
force ofcharacter, of the military reputation winch
he had won during the war of 1812, aud the mighty
power of the young giant of the W est a wed Fiance
into submission and obcdience to her covenant,
and the money was paid.
After a while the Powers of Europe threatened
to intervene in relation to Cuba. They wanted
to take Cuba under their pupilage, to be a sort of
special guardians, as this bill proposes to create
special guardians for the freed men, as they are
called. Our Presidents frowned upon that inter-
vention of the Poweis of Europe. Previous to
that, however, when the allies had put down the
gieatest military conqueror of earth, and had
bound him like an impel la! eagle upon the rock
of St. Helena, and the French army, under the
Duke de Angouleme, marched into Spain and re-
instated Ferdinand Vli upon his throne, the allies
of Leybach and Vienna, the Holy Alliance of
Europe, threatened to intervene in the affairs of
the nations of the continent for the purpose of
staying the march and establishment of free prin-
ciples. They threw out some feelers to George
Canning, who was then the British Secretary of
Foreign Affairs, and he wrote a dispatch to the
Foreign Minister of the Spanish Government, in
which he entered his c.iveat against any such in-
terference with the recently established independ-
ence of theSouth American Governments. Mr.
Canning was an able statesman, devoted to a free
monarchical Government against the aggressive
tyranny of the Holy Alliance, lie immediately
opened a correspondence with the American Gov-
ernment; and James Monroe, a patriot and a sol-
dier of the Revolution, whose blood was shed in
that sacred cause, in a message which lie sent to
the Congress of the United States, declared what
has since been proudly claimed byeveiy free-
hearted American as the Monroe doctrine, tiie
chief piinciple of which was that this continent
would no longer be held to be open for the estab-
lishment of colonies from the European Powers.
After a while came on the Biitish intermed-
dling with the Mosquito coast, as it was called,
ai\d the island of Ruatan. England was trying
to take under her protection and guardianship a
breechless negro barbarian on the coast of Rua-
tan and to claim that negjo barbarian, tts her pro?
tege% and that she was btfund by. treaty to this
naked negro savage to hold him in liis dominion 5
and in his power. But our Government inter-
posed in such terms as to induce .the haughty
mistress of the seas to relax her hold and to let
go of the Mosquito king. * .
In a little while came along the dispute about]
a town on Vancouver's island called San Juan.
The line of forty-nine degrees intersected that
island and cut off a section of it that was left- to,
the south, the greater portion of it being to the.
north. England claimed the whole of that island.
She claimed that her line across Tuca straits
struck that large island of Vancouver and run
along its sinuous coast a military league from the
shore, and gave her the ownership of the whole
island. Oneof our Presidents dispatched a mil-
itary and naval expedition, which took posses-'
sion of the tenitory that of right and by treaty
belonged to us.
The manner in which we thus displayed our
power and made England, Spain, and all the
Powers of Europe respect and acknowledge and
concede our rights, excited their envy, their ap-
prehensions, and their fears far our growing
strength and power. They reasoned thus: if the
young and infant Republic, while even in its
swaddling-clothes, oan display the courage and
power and resources that carried it through the
Mexican war in such rapid triumph, ending in
such a blaze of glory under the lead of one of the
greatest military caiptains of his age, what have
we to expect, from its power and its spirit of ag-
gression when it becomes of mature years? Sir,
the French and especially the English statesmen
are wise; they have a long forecast; they are al-
ways true to interest. The guiding star, the light
that blazes upon the path of England on land and
oil ocean is hei self-iuterest. Sir, we did hector
over that Power, we did it over Austria also.
The exploit of Lieutenant Ingraham in the Bay
of Smyrna where he cleared his frigate for battle
and compelled the captain of the Austrian craft to
surrender Koszta, who had only taken the pre-
liminary oath to become a citizen of the United
States, admonished even the leaden despotof Aus-
tria in the very midst of Europe of the danger
that even so remote and sequestered a Power as
Austria had to expect from us.
It then became the object and the policy of all
Europe, in obedience to their envy, their fears,
and their jealousy of our power, to watch its
growth and development, and to shear that power
whenever and wherever they could. We were
an offshoot from England. We spoke her lan-
guage. We had her great principles of liberty^
and of civil jurisprudence. She was almost as*
familiar with our history and our institutions,
and looked forward to our destiny with as clear a
vision, as the most sagacious statesman of Amer-
ica. She saw that in a few years she would lose
the trident of the seas; that Britannia would no
longer rule the waves. Our mercantile marine
had already grown to and surpassed her own
gigantic commercial marine; and it was only ne-
cessary to apply our vast resources to make our
military marine as great and greater than the
Power who claimed to have more ships of war
than all the world beside. She knew that the
growth and development of population and riches
and power in the United States could not be safely
endured for her; that by some act or policy or
strategy it must be checked, else she, by the side
of this gigantic and colossal young Republic of
the New World, would be dwarfed into an insig-
nificant Power of the earth.
She looked at our institutions'. She saw the
one fatal source of discord, of division, of dis-
memberment of this imperial Republic, and that
point of discord waS the slave subject. She saw
the fanaticism and hypocrisy of the people of the
North in relation to the slave institution which
they had themselves built up. She saw that ava-
rice, and pride, and fanaticism, and false philan-
thropy, and every other vicious and delusive mo-
tive of action of the human heart could be enlisted
and frenzied in favor of the abolition of slavery.
On the othei hand, she saw that the value of the
southern States depended upon the continuance
of that institution and of that labor; that the south-
ern owners of rice and cotton and sugar fields, if
depiived of their slaves, would feel that they had
lost their heritage and no longer had a possession.
