346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
up a desperate faction of mendicants and adven-
turers in the rebel States." Who compose this I
" desperate faction" in the contemplation of the !
Senator from Kentucky ? Who are these "mendi-
cants" and "adventurers?" They are those peo-
ple in the rebel States who come within the pur-
view of the President's proclamation of the 8th of
December last. Let lis see whether they are wor-
thy to be called " mendicants," " a desperate fac-
tion." The President in his proclamation, speak-
ing of the disloyal population of the States 111
insurrection, says:
pardon is hereby granted to them and each o f them,
with restoration of all rights of -property, except as to slaves,
and in property cases where rights of thiul parties shall hare
intervened, and upon the condition that evety such pei.-on
shall take and subscribe an oath, and thencefoiwaid keep
arid maintain baidoath inviolate*; and which oath shall be
registered for petmanent preservation, aud shall be of tho
tenor and effect following, to wit."
Now, what is the test, the evidence of their be-
ing " a desperate faction" and u mendicants?" It
is the taking of the oath which the President has
prescribed in order to enable rebels who have been
in arms against the Government to return to their
allegiance, and again enjoy the protection of the
Government:
**T, , do solemnly swear,in presence of Al-
mighty God, that I will hencefoith faithfully support, pro-
tect, arid defend the Constitution of the United States, and
tho union of the States thereunder; and that I will, in like
manner, abide by and faithfully support all acts of Column
passed duiin^ the existing rebellion with reference to-laves,
so long nnd bo far as not repealed, modified, 01 held void
by Congress, or by decision of tho Supiemu Court; and
that I will, in like manner, abide by and faithfully support
nil proclamations of the President made during the exit-
ing rebellion having reference to siave.«, so Ion# and so far
as not modified or declared void by decision ol the Supreme
Court. So help mo Cod."
Such is the oath directed to be administered to
the repentant rebel. The President goes furthei,
and declares as follows:
" And I do further pioclatm, deelaie, and make known,
that whenever, in any of the States of Arkansas, Texas,
Louisiana, Misnssippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia.
Floiida, South Caiolma, and North Catohna, a numbei ol
pei.sons, nor Ies,s than one tenth in number of the votes east
in Mich State at th'* presidential election of the ■> c ai of out
Lord JStUi, eaeh having taken the oath atoresa'nl .md not
ha\ ,m* Mnee violated it, and being a qualified votci In the
election law ot the State exiting unmediateh hi iot'e the
fo called act of secession, and e.U'Indtitg all othri.-. shall
lei-stahlisb a Slate government which -diall be republic,in,
and in nowise eonnavemng .said oath, Mich shall l„. recog-
nized aa the tine government of the .State, and the Slate
! hall receive thereunder the benefits ot tin; constitutional
provision which declares that 'the United States >h:ill
guaranty to every State in this Union a republican fottuof i
government, and shall protect each of them against mva- i
sion; and, on application of the Legislature, or the Hxecu- I
tivi;,(vvhen the Legislature cannot be convened,) against >
domestic violence.' " I
ft is tins wicked, abominable oath, opening the !
door for the rebel population to return to their old !
loyalty, and thus to frustrate the schemes of their j
leaders, that moves the dislike of the Senator. U j
would seem that such a return on such terms is
regarded by him as a calamity ora disgrace, and
therefore he heaps upon them the epithets ol des-
perate faction and mendicants.
This class of persons, the repentant rebels,
who, like the piodigal son, having seen the lolly
of their ways, shall icturn to their allegiance and
take this oath, are to be regarded as the Stale, or
as that portion of the people authorized to recon-
struct and alter it from n rebel State to a loyal,
Union-loving State. Such are the " mendicants,"
such the "desperate faction" at which the Sena-
tor from Kentucky aims his poisoned shafts m
these resolutions. Do these harsh epithets wan-
tonly bestowed upon the repentant tebels fur com-
ing back into the Union and acting as a State gov-
ernment indicate a very strong love of the Union,
or the Constitution, or the Government, on the
part of the Senator from Kentucky ? No, sir. If
any inference is to be drawn from them, it is one
of complete and bitter hostility to them and to the
Government of the United States who is leady
to leceive them; and it is because the Union may
possibly be restored by the means pointed out by
President Lincoln in ins proclamation that the
Senator from Kentucky thus calls upon the peo-
ple of the North and South to rise in revolt against
their war leaders. What patriotism ! what love
of tiie Union ! what hatred of the rebellion !
Again, sir, as further proof of the animus and
purpose of the Senator in presenting these resolu-
tions, he goes on to tell us what are the real ob-
jects of the class or party he calU the u destruc-
tives," including Abraham Lincoln, the Presi-
dent of the United State*:
'■"pptuate then patty power,
i<- Government to continue the
'•Th'Mr teal objecK ar
and to hold pof-c^aion <>
aggrandizement of their leaders, great and small, by almost
countless offices and employments, by myriads of plunder-
ing contracts, and by putting up to sale the largest amount
of spoils that were ever offered to market by any Govern-
ment on earth. Their object is not to eradicate slavery."
I will say at this point that, so far as I am con-
cerned in this supposition, the Senator from Ken-
tucky is entirely mistaken so far as relates to the
insurrectionary districts. 1 desire to say in all
frankness as to those States and those districts
which are declared to be in insurrection, that for
one I am in favor of abolishing slavery forever; be-
cause I think it, not perhaps the only cau^e, but one
groat predominating, leading cause of this bloody
and wasting wat; and I express it as my opinion
thatthe loyal peopleofthe United States will never
have permanent peace and I ranquilhty, never be
able to enjoy that peace which once was theirs, if
they permit this great cause of disturbance to sur-
vive the struggle. For one, I say fhat I am in favor
of the absolute, total, and eternal extirpation of
slavery, at least within the limits of the insurrec-
tionary States ; and I think the peopleof the United
Stales will be very unwise if they do nottake vigor-
ous and effectual measures for attaining thatgreat
object. But the Senator proceeds:
"Their object is not to eiadicate slavery, but only to
abolish its foim and the mastery; to subjugate wholly the
rebel States, and utteiiy to revolutionize their political and
social organization."
Sir, we have heaid a great deal about " subju-
gation,'' and the word is flung in our faces very
frequently. It would seem to bo implied by the
fiequent use of the word that there is, or ought
to be, something in it extremely inhuman and odi-
ous. It is held up as a sort of scarecrow by the
sympathizers with the rebellion to frighten off all
effort on the part of the loyal people to restore the
authority of the Government. I have no hesita-
tion in proclaiming that I am in favor of the sub-
jugation of the rebels and the subjugation of the
rebel {States: but when 1 use the word I use it
solely m th< ot dmary sense of conquest. The
subjugation of a people is the conquest of a peo-
ple. The conquest of a people is the deprivation
of all t 1mm i mihtaiy power. To conquer them is
to depnve them ot the power of military resist-
ance; but it by no means implies those acts of
atrocity, cruelty, and wanton barbarity which per-
sons who use this word " subjugate" mean when
they use it as a scarecrow. Subjugation is con-
quest; no more, no less.
I ask the Senator from Kentucky, I ask every
Senator here, what is tt that we are now doing in
the rebel States? Are we not subjugating them?
Are we not breaking up and dispersing their mili-
tary forces, prostiutinn their military strength ?
And what is this hut the subjugation of the peo-
ple ? The subjugation of a people is the occupancy
of thoir territory bya military force sentthere for
the purpose of conquest, for the purpose of over-
throwing the hostile government and the hostile
power. Although I have lead pretty carefully
the law of nations and the law of war on the sub-
ject of our present difficulties, I have not been able
to lind an v distinction between the conquest or the
subjugation of a rebellious territory and a rebel-
lious people and the subjugation and conquestof
a foreign territory or a foreign people; aud I tell
you, sir, that your modern scholiasts will search
m vain for any distinction between the two cases.
Sir, what is war? It implies violence, the use
of the highest degi ee of force competent for a peo-
ple acting as a nation to employ. It is a question
of superior strength: and I knowof no boundary,
no limit to the exertion of the power of carrying
on war but the ordinary sentiments of humanity.
And 1 know ot no law but the law of war to gov-
ern us in bur conflict with the rebels. These men
have gone out from among us without having
suffered wiong. They never felt the weight of
the Government, except as it bore upon them
with gentleness, imparting blessings and breath- ,
irig encouiagement and a sense of security into .
tin ir souls. Never has the Government of this
country injured the hair of the head of a rebel, j
They havegone out from among us under the false |
pretense that they foiesaw in the future that they !
should lose theirjustpolitical powerand influence
in the Union. They have drawn the sword wan- '
tonly and willfully upon theGovernmentand loyal :
people of the United States. Carried away with
the vain idea, the gross and childish conceit, that
one southern man was equal to five northern men,
they have advanced boldly into the arena and
thrown down the gage of combat. They have
thrown as their gage of battle their cherished in-
stitution of slavery. I say here boldly, I accept
the challenge; I pick up the glove; I recognize
the issue. Let us see who will win and who will
lose. I would fight this battle out so long as there
is a man, woman, or child at the North capable
of lifting a musket or pushing a bayonet! [Ap-
plause m the galleries.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) Order!
Mr. HOWARD. I would make this no child's
play; and let me say to gentlemen on the other
side, that the rebels in this war from the beginning
have been'fully in earnest. They have asked
from you no favor. They ask no favor of you
now. They meet us with a steady, proud, and
haughty defiance, a defiance which on the side of
justice would be most magnanimous and praise-
worthy, and I honor them, not for their cause, not
for their wickedness, but for the proud and in-
domitable spirit with which they have carried on
the war. They mean to fightus still. They intend
to destroy us and our Government; or, if they fail
in this, they expect to be destroyed; and believe
me, there will be few of them that will meet their
fate grumblingly or with a whine. They are men
like ourselves, proud of their position, proud of
their honor, proud even of the wicked cause in
which they are engaged. You are not to subdue
such men by soft persuasions and delicate rose-
scented billets-doux. You mustmeet them with
the bayonet, the cannon, and every other instru-
mentality allowable in a war. Never have they
exhibited to us or the loyal people of the United
States the slightest consideration or forbearance,
and wherever there has been any indication of
terms of accommodation with them they have
treated it with contempt. They have spit upon
the olive branch-which we have held out to them
and trampled it under their feet.
But, sir, I am digressing. The Senator from
Kentucky says our object js to subjugate wholly
the rebel States, and utterly to revolutionize their
political mid social system. Certainly we shall
revolutionize their political system. That is the
very object of the war. What is their political
system? A political organization asserting its
absolute independence of the Government of the
United States, and exerting its military power for
the overthrow of that Government. Shall we for-
bear? Shall we not seek to disorganize this po-
litical organization ? What does the Senator from
Kentucky mean when he denounces against us as
a fault that we are attempting to destroy the po-
litical organization of the rebel States? Is he
friendly to that organization? Does his heart
yearn toward it; or is his heart in that condition
of indifference which sees as little fault on the
one side as on the other?
But he goes further. He says that our pur-
pose is—
To destroy or banish, ami ffrip of then propeitv, all the
pio-flaveiy people, «eeessiotn>ts and anti-secessionists,
10)aI and disloyal, combatant-* and non-combatants, old
men, women, and clnldicn, the decrepit, and the non com-
pos
Does the Senator in his calm reflection impute
either to the Executive Government or to the domi-
nant party a purpose so cruel, so unnatural, so
unspeakably brutal, as the destruction of non-
combatants, men, women, and children, the de-
crepit and the non compos; or is it rather the blind
madness of party spirit which prompts this gross
and calumnious attack upon the Government oC
his country and the loyal party now in power?
Charity toward him would lead me to impute the
latter motive and not the former.
Again, he says that the purpose of this party
and of the Government is—
" To proclaim a mock freedom to the slaves, but by mil-
itary power to take possesion of the freedmen and "work
them for then own piofit; to do all tins, and also toen&lave
the white man, by trampling under foot the Constitution
and laws ot the (Tuned States and the States, by the power
of a subsidized Aimy, and lot iV—
That is, the subsidized Army—
"should filter. In hundreds of thousands of negro jani-
zat iec, organized for that purpose bv the Secretary of War
and the Adjutant General."'
If these atrocious schemes are entertained by
the executive Government,as they are here indi-
