1392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1.
the
may
same system hero, that this currency, which
y be received by the banks, may gradually,
from time to lime, go back for redemption.
"Mr. HALE. Is the circulation of ail the banks
received by any of the batiks in the State of Iowa?
Am X to understand the gentleman to make that
statement?
Mr. KASSON. There is only one bank there.
Mr. HALE. I understood him to say that it
is so in Massachusetts, and that the issues arc
received at any bank.
Mr. KASSON. Perhaps there isafinal reason
for it. It gives the circulation in the community
where the banks are, and their condition is known,
instead of flooding cach community with the notes
of banks the character of which is not known;
without which we will not be able to secuie a uni-
form currency, but will be flooded with the cur-
rency which is now prevalent all over the west-
ern country.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, these banks
are allowed to receive this money, and if their
customers are willing- to take that money on loan
or discount, what kind of objection can there be to
the hanks using their capital m that way ? "What-
ever is good enough for them to receive, is good
enough for them to pay out to their customers.
If they cannot discount on this, then they can
never get any deposits. That is out of all ques-
tion. If these banks are to accumulate these
notes and to send them back periodically every
week or ten days, it is easy to see how oppressive
that would be on the ordinary banks. It would
be otheiwise if they were allowed to pay out the
currency that parties may bo willing to take.
Then all of the banks will have the same right.
You may say that the State banks .should not take
one of these notes just as well as that they shall
not pay them out.
If you do this you will have the States retali-
ating by passing laws that their banks shall take
the notes of no other State or of a national char-
acter, but that they shall be confined in their oper-
ations to their own State banks, it is as leason-
able one way as the other. I hope that the amend-
ment will not prevail.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew Ins amendment.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend the section by
striking out all after the word "circulation" in
the fourth line down to and including the word
44 nor" m the sixth Imp, as follows: " the notes
of any bank or ha nki n£ association not authorized
by this act, nor:" so that the section will read:
Sec. 39. **lnd hr it fxnthcr en<ulcd, That no association
shall at -my time pay out on loan-, or ch^eount-*, oi in pur-
chasm;; itiait-i or fails of" exHian<;<\ or in pawn^nt of de-
posits, or in am other mode pul in cir< niaiion any notc.n
whieh shall not at any Mich tune he leceiv.ihie at par. on
depo-it, and in p.iunontof debts bj the a^ouatiou top.n-
ing out or cuculatiny -ueh notes, See.
Mr. Chairman, if that amendmcntbe adopted,
it will be necessary to strike out an amendment
which has been adopted already. I think that
then the object of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania wiil be accomplished.
Mr. BEAAIAN. 1 rise to oppose this amend-
ment. I am in favor of stiiking out this entire
section. We must look at the condition of the
country and currency as it is. In my State, and
I suppose m most of the western States, the en-
tue circulation is that of State banks. Now, it
foilows we must have State bank notes or no
currency at all. 1 suppose the intention of the
gentleman from Massachusetts m excluding these
notes from circulation is to budd up and strengthen
the banks to be oigamzed under this bill, instead
of hti\ mg that (IF'.ct the t fleet wiil be to destioy
those hanks. No bank can go into opciation in
my State and succeed against the State banks, be-
eause tile State banks can do all of the business. '
They have ail of the deposits and they will do all
of the business; and the result will be that the ,
national banks cannot be sustained at all. |
The amendment was ujected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ins: " unless such an association shall have issued
of lU own eitcuiafion the amount limited by law."
Wirn that restriction, [ think the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will nut object to the retention of
the Section in the Liil. I think that will place as
great a restiiction as ought to be lequiied. The
banks certainly should be allowed to get nd of
this money which they receive on deposit, and
(•corporations <dmSl severally
ipal taxation upon tii-'ir real
as pci-ons if-iding at tneir
arc subject to such taxation
in some, other way than by sending it home for
redemption.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FK05I THE SENATE.
The committee infotmally rose, and the House
received a message from the Senate, by Mr. Mc-
Donald, one of their clerks, returning, agreeably
to its request, a bill (H, R. No. 58) to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of Mon-
tana.
NATIONAL CURRENCY AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment offered by
Mr. Stevens.
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Morrill and Mr. Upson.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes 30; no quorum voting.
The call for a division being withdrawn, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I move to amend sec-
tion forty-one by striking out the last clause,
namely, "and such tax or duty shall be in lieu
of all other taxes on such associations." 1 move
the amendment in oider that the section may not
hereafter be construed to prevent States, counties,
and cities from imposing a tax upon these banks.
It strikes directly at the power of States and local
governments to tax any of these institutions.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I offer an amendment to
this forty-first section at the request of my col-
league, (Mr. Kernan,] who is now absent." The
amendment is to insert in line ten, page 32, be-
fore the word "taxes,5' the word " nationalso
that the clause shall read, "and such tax or duty
shall be in lieu of all other national taxes on such
associations;" and also to add to the section the
folk.wing:
And the sa.d a^ocrat'.on f
be subject to State and in-i^i
anil personal estate, tin -ann
res-p<*< tive places oi L -lis^vt
by .State lan'.j
Mr. HOOPER. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. I suppose it comes from Albany,
where I understand they have a proposition be-
fore the New Yoik Legislature to tax the.se na-
tional banks, and tins is offered for the purpose
of carrying out that object, as I understand, of the
New York Legislature.
Mr. XvALBPLElSCIT. As I did not under-
stand the gentleman from Massachusetts distinct-
ly, I ask him to be good enough to lepeat what
he said in relation to this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. Then I move to strike
out the last word of the amendment. I did not
distinctly understand the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, but I undei stand that this clause of the
bill is to anticipate any action upon the part of
the Legislature of the State of New York. Now,
if the gentleman means to commence by prevent-
ing the State of New Yotk from exercising its
sovereign power, I hope the House will not fol-
low his lead m that direction. Tht national banks
should be subject to State and other taxes the
same as individuals and other banks. I withdraw
the amendnit nt to the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of-
fered bv Air. Griswold,
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agteed to.
Mr. TRACY. 1 move to amend the forty-first
section by adding thereto the following:
Ftotided. That no provision contained hi thi- act, oi con-
tained in any law of Conuie*^ ani'i. rt?.iiig the brnxk ic-
tVned to m tne Mtternta ^e- uon ot thn act, -hail he so
corif-nued as to pi"hibit an\ -^tatu l'mm imposing such tax i
upon the dividi ikK ot" th" -i vetal banking association-- or-
g mixed therein, under : u- net. a-? shall to the Legi-iauue
theicof seem ju-t and (iputabie.
I hope that tins section will not be the judg-
ment of tins House as to the banking inteiest of
this country, for i take it to be a fact that the
friends of this bill propose to make this the bank-
ing system of the country. I suppose that it is the
intention of the friends of this bill that the cunency
winch is proposed to be established by this bill
shah prevail throughout the Union; and, sir, I
hope it is not proposed that all this great interest
shall be released from taxation within the States.
Sir,how can gentlemen answer, after this money
shall have become the currency of the country, to
the poor laborer, whose cow, whose oxen, whose
horse arc taxed for local and State pus poses, if
you allow the banker across the way, who fur-
nishes the currency of the country, to escape en-
tirely from taxation? I hope, sir, this Congress
is not going in this way to override taxation and
release these great moneyed interests of the coun-
try from taxation and impose it entirely upon other
interests. I hope that this amendment will prevail.
Mr. HOOPER. Mr. Chairman, I think the
gentleman misapprehends the provision of the bill
as it now stands. It does not exclude theStates
from taxing the personal property of an individ-
ual which is invested in the bank,butsimplypre-
vents taxation of the bank itself.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out Uie bst word. I look upon
the proposition of this bill as perfectly monstrous.
The whole tenor and purport of the bill is to drive
the entire banking capital of the country under
these national organizations, and then the bill
proposes to relieve from taxation all of the capi-
tal of the country by virtue of its being organized
into banks under this bill.
I think the questions which were put by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Air. Tracy] fire
very pertinent, and they are questions winch will
be put to every member of this House when tax-
ation comes to be placed upon every individual
and upon every article which every individual
wears, and the whole banking capital of the coun-
try is relieved from that taxation. I did not sup-
pose that that was the object of the bill. Gentle-
men tell us that this provision does not prevent
taxation upon the personal property of the in-
dividuals who may compose the corporation; but
it must be perfectly apparent to the gentlemen
having this matter in charge that we shall not be
able to find the individuals. They may be lo-
cated in a different place fiom the one where the
bank is located; they maybe, for aught I know,
m foieign countries, where we cannot reach them;
they may live in England, or Scotland, or Ire-
land, or elsewhere; we cannot reach the individ-
uals, and wo cannot, therefore, reach their per-
sonal property for the purpose of taxation.
I repeat, therefore, that the proposition of this
bill to drive all the banking capital of the country
into organization under this national banking sys-
tem, and then to relieve it all from taxation, is a
perfectly monstrous and outrageous proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. Air. Chairman, I suppose
gentlemen upon the other side of the House un-
derstand this question,but I should not judge so
from the arguments presented heie. What are
the facts? Why, that this capital is to be en-
tirely composed of the bonds of the United Slates.
Now, if we are to leave it at the option of the
States to tax that capital, why we prevent the
Governmentfrom getting any loan by the issuing
of these bonds. It is not true that this capital is
going exempt from taxation in any other form than
as indebtedness of the United States. It has never
been conceded that the debt of the United States
can he taxed by the seveial State governments.
Now, in relation to the other part of the bill,
which provides for the issuing of a circulation*
that is to be taxed by the national Go\erimient
to the extent that Congress sees fit to impose a
tax. We are to lax the banks also on license;
we are to tax them as a direct tax on their circu-
lation ; and then, after all that, we are to tax them
on their incomes. I submit thai these hanks aie
-to be taxed, and taxed fully, and it is a Jallacy
to argue here that they aie to go exempt.
Air. ELDRIDGE withdrew the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I renew the amendment
to the amendment, i do it, sir, for the purpose
of entering my protest against this kind of legis-
lation, that will enable a citizen of one of the
States to invest his entire capital in Government
bonds, and in that way exonerate himself from
paying ins proportion of the State taxes. 1 can-
not understand upon what principle of reason,
morality, or justice, the Congress of the United
Slates can exempt one particular species of prop-
city from taxation by the States, and leave? all
other classes of property subject to taxation. 1
cannot understand why it is that when my neigh-
bor invests his money in the stocks of the General
Government, and deposits them* under the pro-
