.2368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19.
enue and cannot forego tariffs.. They have al-
ready said thattheZoIJvercin proposed two years
ago was sepaiation from Great Britain, and of
course such a'proposition cannot be entertained.
What, then,can commissioners propose? Noth-
ing. It is the idlest ceremony in the world to
send respectable gentlemen on an errand to offer
what the provinces cannot accept, and what, if
they could accept, we could not give. I hope the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] will be adopted, and the House con-
tent itself with simply giving the notice required
by the treaty. If other and more satisfactory
propositions are to be made hereafter we can con-
sider them.* Meantime let us place the trade un-
der the guardianship of general laws, and get rid
of this special arrangement which has brought us
nothing but pecuniary loss and political obloquy.
Mr. ARNOLD. The House of Representa-
tives of the United States is to-day considering
•whether it is for the interest of the people to con-
tinue a treaty with Great Britain,and I have been
somewhat surprised at the tone of the remarks of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] in the dis-
cussion of that question. It is a question of na-
tional interest, and not a question of sentiment or
of national hostility. If the decision of the ques-
tion is to be placed upon the ground that Great
Britain, by her outrages upon our country, has
placed herself in the condition of an outlaw, with
whom it is humiliating to the United States to
trade, and if it is upon that ground that the gen-
tleman asks for an abrogation of the treaty, be it
so. But, sir, it seems to me that in the discussion
of a question like this, which addresses itself to
the interests of the American people, those con-
siderations can only be introduced for the pur-
pose of exciting prejudice and of preventing a
full and fair discussion of the merits of the ques-
tion.
Sir, there is not a member of this House, I
apprehend, who is willing that our country for
any purpose should do anything which would
be humiliating, or that it should do anything
unbecoming the dignity of a great people. The
report of the Committee on Commeice upon tins
subject, as I understand it, providing for com-
missioners to consider and discuss tins fioaty,does
not propose that the United States shall do any-
thing unbecoming the dignity of the people. Some
ten years ago the United States arid Great Ihit-
ain entered into a treaty which was designed to
be, and to some extent unquestionably is, a le-
ciprocity treaty, and for the interests of both na-
tions.
Sir, a people of great commercial importance lies
to the north of us. The territory on our northei n
fronlierftom ocean to ocean is under the control
of Great Britain. We have great and diversified
interests in connection with that territory. It was
thought by the statesmen bv whom the reciprocity
treaty was negotiated, ami by the Congress by
•which it was ratified and confirmed, that rather
than have a warof conflicting tariffs and restrictions
on trade, it was better lor the important interests
of both Great Britain and the United States that
in respect to some subjects theie should bean
attemptat freedom oftradeand reciprocity; and to
secure this they entered into this treaty. Now,
experience hns demonstrated that the treaty, in
many particulars, needs modification. This is not
strange. Taking into consideration the growth
of those provinces and the growth of our own
country, and the changes which the last ten years
have produced m both countries, it is natural that
this treaty should require modification and read-
justment. Tlmt which was well ten yt-ars ago
may need modification now, and the question
•which we have to determine to-day is, whether
any treaty can be so formed that it shall be for
the mutual advantage of both countries. If it can
be, Ictus seek at least to attain it. If itcannot be,
then let us dissolve the connections growing out
ot the treaty, and let each country depend upon
its own legislation for the protection of its own
tiade.
The gentleman fi om Maine [Mr. Pike] has dwelt
to-d ay very elaborately on the question of the fish-
erics, and he has stated that he represents that in-
terest to a greater extent than any member on this
floor. I have no doubt that he speaks correctly
in that. He has presented the subject as to the
effect of tins treaty on the manufactures of New
England,and, to some extent, upon its commerce.
I shall not follow the gentleman fiom Maine on
those topics, but I desire the attention of the House
for a few minutes, and especially that portion of
the Representatives in Congress from the great
grain-producing sections of the Northwest, while
I attempt to give some reasons why, in my judg-
ment, that portion of the Union would be inju-
riously affected by the abrogation of this treaty.
Mr. Speaker, the great need of the Northwest,
the necessity of those great grain-growing, food-
producing States, is additional means and facili-
ties for carrying their products to market. The
great evil experienced by farmers in the valley of
the Mississippi, and in the lake region, is the cost
of the ti a asportation of their agricultural products
to the markets of the world. That is the griev-
ance they most severely feel, and which weighs
more heavily upon their prosperity than any other.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the effect of the abroga-
tion of this treaty will be to shut up one of the
great channels by which the agricultural products
of the Northwest find their way to the Atlantic
markets and to Europe. The great territory of
the valley of the Mississippi and ofthe lakes has
naturally two great outlets and avenues to mar-
ket. One is the great Father of Waters, the Mis-
sissippi, and the other through the lakes and the
St. Lawrence, extending from the very center of
the continent to the Atlantic. These are the
grand provisions which nature has made to fur-
nish an outlet for that grain-growing, food-produ-
cing portion of the Union.
I repiesent a district where a portion of the
rain which fallsfrom heaven flows into the valley
of the Mississippi, and through the Mississippi
liver into the Gulf of Mexico; and the other por-
tion into the lakes,and by the lakes to the ocean,
through the St. Lawrence. These great outlets
are a necessity to that portion of the Union.
You cannot close them to our commerce with-
out the most serious injury to this great granary
of the Union. I know that the great State of
New York, by means of her canals, by means
of the expenditure which she has made with great
sagacity, haw opened to her ownloidly river, the
Hudson, access to the lakes, and that through
hit canals and thiough the Hudson much the
largest poition of our products-find their way to
tin; seaboaid. Yet 1 ask the Representatives from
Minnesota, and Iowa, and Wisconsin, and Mis-
souri, and Michigan, and Ohio, and Indiana,and
Illinois, whether the various means of taking our
products to the ocean have not been for years
past taxed to their utmost capacity. I ask you
whether the New York canals have not been
loaded even beyond their great capacity by the
productiveness of the West, i ask you whether
not only the New York canals but every rail-
road connecting the West with the seaboard have
not been taxed to carry off the surplus produc-
tions of the Northwest, while your warehouses
have been kept oveillowing, nay, have been
crushed by the quantity ot grain waiting the
means of transportation.
The great commercial fact of to-day, felt and
realized, is that we have outgrown our canals.
The country is too big for them. The problem is,
shall pi oduction stop its increase, or shall our ca-
nals be enlarged? The necessity of this enlarge-
ment is manifest by the enormous profits of the
great railways, and the cxti avagant rates of trans-
portation, showing that the quantity to be carried
forward is so vast that earners command theirown
terms. The warehouses and mammoth elevators
ofthe lake towns for the last two years have been
crushed with freight; everything which could be
made to float on the lakes and canals has been taxed
to the utmost, and proved nisutlicient to carry to
market the products of the West. This necessity
for greater facilities, and the failure m Congress of
the bills for enlarging the New York and Illinois
canals, have led to a zealous effoit on the part of
the West to obtain, by Canadian canals, that re*
lief which is (we trust only temporarily) domed
through our own country and by our own Gov-
ernment. Illinois and Wisconsin, tlnough their
State authorities, and the boards of trade of sev-
eral lake cities, appointed delegates to Canada to
obtain, if possible, avenues to marketfor the vast
accumulation of western produce.
Necessity will force the West into new avenues
to the Atlantic unless the present are enlarged.
That both Canada and Great Britain appreciate
the value of this western trade is shown by their
construction, for the pu^ose of securingit, ofthe
Victoria bridge at Montreal, at a cost of $7,000,000,
and the Grand Trunk railway at a cost of more
than sixty million dollars, in addition to the canals
before referred to.
It is obvious, from these and other facts, that
we have reached that point when, with our present
means of transportation, the production of corn
and other cereals cannot to any great extent be
profitably increased. This condition should not
surprise us. The canals were constructed while
the West was in embryo. In 1837 the number
of tons transported from west of Buffalo, on the
Erie canal, was 56,255. In 1861 the number
reached 2,156,426.
The product of wheat and corn carried on the
New York canal from the lake States of Ohio,
Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, and Wisconsin, in
1850, was 252,000,000 bushels ;in 1860,354,00Q, 000
bushels.
The population of these States, and Iowa, Kan-
sas, Minnesota, Missouri, and Nebraska, in 1850,
was 5,403,595; in 1860 it was 9,092,009.
The value of western products hasincreased more
than one hundred per cent, in the last four years.
In 1859 it was, in round numbers, $53,000,000,
and in 1862, $111,000,000. Our foreign exports
are made up largely of breadstuff's and provisions.
In four years they increased from $38,305,991 in
1859, to $122,650,043*27 in 1862, increasing in
two years one hundred and eighty per cent., and
in three years two hundred anil twenty percent.
The amount of §122,650,043for 1862 is exclusive
of $11,100,043 which went out through Canada,
making the aggregate over $133,750,000.
The following table, compiled from theprelirn-
inaiy reports of the census for 1860, will show
the progress of the West, and will furnish data
by which its present and future necessities may
be more fully realized.
Population of the Northwestern States ir> 1F50 and IP60.
States. 1850. - 1P60. Increase,
Illinois  8j] ,470 1,711.951 101.05
Indiana  988,416 1,3.30.4:>8 30.(53
Joum  19>,<2L4 fi74,9!3 25 J.W
k\m^  - 107,-06
Michigan  397.054 749,113 83.38
Mimn*>otu  6,077 17-3,103 2,732 36
Mivsomi  6S-2.U44 1,18*2.013 73.30
Ohio  1,9^0,329 2,339,511 18.13
Wi.-con^m     305,391 775,881 154.06
Total  5,403,595
Nebniska  —
9,063.133
28,841
Grand total  5,403,595 9,091,979
For years past the West has been struggling
to increase the facilities for transporting her pro-
duce to market. In face of these efforts, in face of
the peculiar reasons existing at the present time
for increasing such efforts, it is proposed to shut
up one great avenue the West has to the ocean
by the abrogation of this treaty ! As a reason
for doing this injury to the West we are told to-
day that the Alabama has preyed upon our com-
merce; and articles are read from the London
Times to excite national animosity against Great
Britain for the purpose of inducing the American
Congress to close up one of the great avenues to
the ocean because we dislike the people of the
countiy through which we must puss on the way
to the seaboard. 1 ask gentlemen whether this
is wise statesmanship? I ask whether it is wise
because England has not acted in good faith to-
ward this country during this war, because she
has treated our country in such a way as we shall
not soon forget, is it wise for that reason, when
§18,000,000 of our agricultural products found then-
way through Canadian channels to a market year
before last, and $15,000,000 last year, to close up
that avenue? And are the sneers ofthe London
Times a good reason for doing this ?
I ask gentlemen representing the agricultural
districts of the West, what will be the consequence
of such a step upon the agricultural prospects of
the West? We who live at the West hare felt—
especially during the last three years, since the
Mississippi river has been substantially blocked
up and closed—the inadequacy of the means fur-
nished for the transportation of our products.
We have been powerless under our grievances;
we have been compelled to submit to an enor-
mous increase in the cost of transporting our pro-
duce to market.
Now, the treaty which it is proposed to abro-
gate provides that the river St. Lawrence, and the
