THE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN
Thirty-Eighth Congress,' 1st §es
-o.- ymss, washingTojr, ■ i>., c, ■_ *
of .those ia authority and denunciation of those
who would serve and preserve the Union.
The honorable Senator is not only the vilifier
of his compeers, but he assumes to be the inter-
preter of the designs of tHe'Dfeity. This country,
he oracularly proclaims, was' made by God Al-
mighty for white men; but he did notiihd itcon-
venientto explain how the great Creator of worlds
showed His determination to set this apart as a
white man's domain through the red skins with
which He peopled this continent. [Laughter.]
The White man came, and the honorable Sena-
tor is not satisfied yet; he would amend the im-
mortal Declaration of Independence to read thus:
" We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
white men are created equal." [Laughter.] Jef-
ferson falls bene&th his censure for the omission
of the word " white;"- and his exquisito critical
acumen discovers defective expression m the com-
mandment and the sacred law. A certain lawyer
once approached the Saviour of mankind and
asked Him a question, tempting Him, and say-
ing:
" Master, which is the great commandment in the law >
"Jesus said unto him, thou shalt love tlie Lord thy God
witli all tliy Heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy
mind. • ,
" This is the first and great commandment.
" And the second is hke unto it, Tiiou shalt love thy
neighbor as thyself.
" On these two commandments hang all the law and the
prophets."
The honorable Senator from Kentucky perhaps
questions the accuracy of the translation or the
correctness of the text, for he cannot believe that
He who spake as never man .spake propounded
the law other than
" Thou shalt love thy white neighbor as thyself."
With him ail but the white are excluded from
human sympathy; but I, Mr. President, am dis-
posed with undoubting faith to take the law and
the prophets as I find them. I am disposed to
follow them rather than to follow my sympathiz-
ing secession friend from Kentucky. Every effort
which he has made during this session, with all
my private personal regard for hini, 1 am com-
pelled to assert has been to block and retard the
wheels of Government. Assuredly hohas raised
110 arm against this rebellion, he has uttered no
war cry against treason, he has not lifted up his
voice in defense of the constituted authorities of
the country, nor has he given utterance to one
single idea calculated to strengthen the power
and authority of this Government; not one.
All he has done has tended to deslruction and
ruin, and the long vista of desolation in Ken-
tucky may be traceable in its causes to some
extent to the spirit and the influences of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky. Every man who joins Mor-
gan ill his raid, every sympathizer of that black-
hearted robber and traitor, may appeal to that
honorable Senator for strength and support and
countenance in his work of destruction. Can it
be supposed, sir, if the honorable Senator fiom
Kentucky and his colleagues here and in the
House of Representatives had stood up manfully
in support of this Government we should have
seen such developments of treason in Kentucky
as we have beheld? No, sir. '
The honorable Senator has spoken by the hour
and by the day against negro troops who are
fighting for the suppression of the rebellion, and
yet we learn that the Governor of Kentucky was
cooped up the other day m Frankfort, and never
could have got out if it had not been for'the armed
negro soldiers of Kentucky who valiantly went
fiom Lexington to Prankfort and by their gal-
lantry and their valor released him fiom the rebel
blockade which surrounded him. It is all well
enough for negroes to protect the Governor of
Kentucky, it is all very well for them to fight the
battles of Kentuckians; but they have no interest
in this Government and are only fit to be sneered
at in every speech which the honorable Senator
makes upon this floor!
The Senator has iterated and reiterated a hun-
dred times upon this floor that if we had passed
the " Crittenden compromise" we should have
210
THURSDAY, JUNE-30, 1864.'
• * , - ' - J <F
Ne>. Series^,,.3^0.
Imd no war. .That honorable Senator knows as
■tfcll as any man knows tliat at the session of
Congress when the Crittenden cornpromise was
introduced' to the Senate of the United States
there was a majority, a'large majority, of Demo-
cratic members \ipon theother side of this Cham-
ber. He knows well that Jefferson Davis could
at any time on any single proposition have carried
a majority of the Senate; and yet when those men,
regardless of their obligations to the country, de-
termined upon open rebellion, determined that
neither that nor any other proposition should
save this Union, left the Senate Chamber, though
they had the control of it, he turns round and
charges it upon the minority of this body. Is it
fair? Is it manly? Is it statesmanlike? *Is it
honorable?
Why, Mr.President, the truth is, the honor-
able Senator is, upon this question at least, wrong
at heart. He looks at President Lincoln precisely
as Judah P. Benjamin looks at him, and he quotes
the letters of Lord North just as Judah P. Benja-
min quoted them. He has adopted their line of
argument, and has exhausted it over and over
again.
But, Mr. President, I did not wse to discuss this
question; I rose simply to say that if that honor-
able Senator had adhered to the sentiments which
he enunciated when he first came into thin Senate,
if he had run the race, if he had kept the faith,
Kentucky, in my humble judgment, would this
day have raised up a wall "of tire against this re-
bellion, which would have rolled it back with a
power such as you would have seen perhaps in no
other State. But it has not been so, and there is
nobody that regrets it more than I do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President 
Mr. DAVIS. Will my honorable friend from
Indiana allow me a few minutes?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say to the
Senator from Kentucky that it is my purpose to
say something on the bill that is before the Sen-
ate; but if the Senator from Kentucky insists on
my yielding, as he has not occupied any of the
time of the Senate to-night, I suppose I shall have
to yield.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say a few words per-
sonal to mvself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it is manifest now that
no business can bo done to-night, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have not yielded the
floor to the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order, that it is not competent for the Senator
from Indiana to yield the floor to particular per-
sons. He must give up the floor altogether or
retain ir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from Illi-
nois is right of course I shall not insist. I care
but very little about the matter; but I wish to say
something about the bill before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that by the practice of the Senate the Sena-
tor from Indiana lias not lost his i lght to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say, if the Sen-
ator from Indiana will allow me, as the Chair i ules
him to be entitled to the floor, that I have no sort
of objection to his proceeding, and I should not
have suggested an adjournment but for the fact
that we have been detained here two hours to-
night by a speech m reference to other matters
than the question before the Senate, and an at-
tempt is made to continue it, and for one I do not
desire to sit here and hear it. But if the Senator
from Indiana desires to address the Senate—he
never addresses it except upon occasions and in
language pertinent to the question under consid-
eration—I have no wish to make a motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the courtesy of the Sena-
tor from Indiana to allow me a few minutes to
repel a personal attack upon myself,
Mr. HENDRICKS. If I yield the floor for a
purpose of that sort, do I abandon it?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion thata Senator yielding toanother Sen-
ator to make' a 'spo&ch thereby-loses thfe rights
the floor. - • • 1 , I
Mr. -HENDRICKS. -"Will the' Senator -fron?
Kentucky, thenj-insist upon it when I inform him
-that I wish to discuss the bill that is before the
Senate? . .
Mr. DAVIS. ^Vith the least opposition-on
the part of the Senator from Indiana I shall not
insist; hut I merelyaska courtesy that has never
been refused to any Senator, according to my ob-
servation, to say a few words in reply to a per-
sonal assault. ' . . ....
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very .welI,*J give- way.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President,it-is not^rue'"(hat
I have changed a solitary opinion since I have
come into the Senate, or a solitary!principle.-- It
is not true as asserted by the Senator from Min-
nesota [Mr. Wilkinson] that I have reversed my
position and my principles and my course since
I took my seat 10 the Senate, and I challenge him
or any man whatever to prove tike contrary byxa
production of my speeches. In the speech.to
,which he refers, which was not the first but the
second that I  made in the Senate,-I condemned aa
unsparingly then the course of.the abolitionists
as I have done to-night, or as I ever have done
in my life; and I said distinctly that if I had the
power I would hang the rebels and the abolition-
ists m pairs, and if 1 had the power to-night I
would do the same, and among them I would
hang the Senator from Minnesota. [Laughter
and applause in the galleries.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Order! There
must be no applause in tho galleries.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I never did in-
troduce the most stringent .confiscation bill that
has ever been proposed in the Congress of the
United States. There was an unconstitutional
unjust,and iniquitous confiscation bill introduced-,
which received the unqualified and heartysup'port
of the Senator from Minnesota and other Sena-
tors; and with a view of getting a better one I in-
troduced another bill that subjected every case-to
trial by jury according to the forms-of the Com-
mon law and of the Constitution. I have been
reproved once before in the same terms substan-
tially with which the Senator now reproaches, me,
and I then showed the charge was untrue, that I
never had introduced a confiscation bill of any-
thing like the character of the one that was after- '
wards passed. Sir, if that confiscation bill which
1 introduced as a substitute for an unjust and an
unconstitutional measure be looked at it wilt be
found that no man was to be punished and no
man was to be deprived of his piopeity, personal
or real, unless on presentment by a grand jury,
and a trial. Jn civil courts according to the civil
law, by the judgment of his peers, and I would
vote to-night for such a bill.
The honorable Senator has said theft I have
never uttered a word in favor of sustaining the
Government at this session. When I came here
I found the Cntten.den resolution setting forth the
principles and policy upon which thewar was to
be conducted. I read the yeas and nays in,favor
of that resolution and of those principles, and I
found the name of the Senator from Minnesota
recorded in its fevor, if I recollect aright.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask if the Sen-
ator alludes to what is known as the compromise
resolutions of Mr. Crittenden.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir. I allude to the reso-
lution offered by Mr. Johnson, of Tennessee, that
w«s understood to have been drawn up by Mr.
Ciittenden, theiesolution which asserted the pur-
poses, the grounds, and the principles upon which
this war was to be conducted; that it was not to be
conducted in a spirit of vengeance, that it was not
to be conducted with a view to deprive the people
of the southern States of any of their rights or in
hostility to any of their institutions, but to leave
intact all the dignity and power of the States. The
Senate is familiar with the terms and principles
embodied in that resolution. Sir, in obedience to
that resolution Mr. Lincoln wrote to our minis--
ters to Russia and to Paris; in obedience to tha45
resolution* he called the members of Coagresa
