1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cated, then it would he the right of the American
people, the right of any community, to rise in
arms against so unjust and tyrannical a Govern-
ment. "A subsidized army?" Our Army, it
seems, according; to the ideas of the Senator, is
not a patriotic Army; it has not volunteered or
taken the field from any patriotic motive, but
merely for pay; and " lest," in the language of
the Senator, this Aimy of white volunteers should
falter in prosecuting the war for thepurpose men-
tioned in the resolution, we are to resort to " the
hundreds of thousands of negro janizaries or-
ganized for that purpose by the Secretary of "War
and the Adjutant General;" that is to say, the
black troops which we have thus far raised and
now have in our employment and service are or-
ganized for the base and tyrannical purposes men-
tioned in those resolutions—not for the laudable
and patriotic purpose of overcoming the rebel-
lion, but for the purpose of upholding plunderers,
spoilsmen, office-holders, office-seekers, and the
entire flock of vultures so vividly and angrily de-
scribed by the Senator.
If all that is said in this series of resolutions be
true, (and I am not now discussing the truth of
it, for that would lead me into too broad a field,)
it would not only be the right, but it would be the
duty of the American people, as a free people, not
to wait a moment, but to seize the sword of rebel-
lion and insurrection, drive the harpies of tyranny
from power,andestablishsome government which
would protect our rights and our liberties. Butitis
entirely manifest that under the influence of this
blind fanaticism of party, which I fear has too
powerful an effect on the mind of the Senator to
allow his intellect to have its free and unbiased
action, he has been betrayed unconsciously, I
hope, into the expression of opinions, and into
invocations to civil war and insurrection in which
no man in his sane moments would have indulged.
Again, there is another ground of complaint;
another premonition of the Senator's purpose, in
his second resolution, in which he says:
So the President of tlic United FHato; and the civil
arid military officer* thereof, may eonmnr treason against
any Slate, who^e government i^ m the peiioimanco of it-,
duties under the I'oderaf CanMituiion, h\ war
against it, or m adhoung to its enemies. giving them aid
and comtnit, as> lrsj^ting with an aimed fotee tin- execution
of its laws', or adhering to such armed lorce, ;xtvni? it aid
and coinfou."
The implication is, that whenever the President
of the United States shall use the Army or the
Navy for the purpose of keeping the ponce within
any loyal State acting within its constitutional
functions, as the Senator says; wherever he .shall
have occasion to use the military foive for the
preservation of order, for the protection of the
purity of elections, or for the protection of the cit-
izen, he is guilty of an act of treason against the
government of the State, It is throwing out be-
fore the people the idea that on some occasion—
the Senator has not told us where—thePresident
has thus employed the military power of the Uni-
ted States; and that because he has thus employed
it he is guilty of treason, and ought to be im-
peached. This, and nothing- short of this, is the
fair inference from this otherwise perfectly sense-
less and gratuitous resolution.
He says further:
"Ami wheic,fiora the presence or appiehetHion of foice
and violence or other cause,an> election cannot ! ■ -ocon-
ducted*'—
That is, according to the laws of the State—
" it ought not to be held at all."
" Where, from the presence or apprehension of
military or other violence, an election cannot be
so conducted, it ought not to be held at all." Was
the Senator aware of the full extent, and meaning
of this declaration? I trust he was not: but I am
not sure. What is the import of the language?
Plainly this: that in case an election should be held,
say, for instance, m the State of Kentucky, and
there was either popular violence suimundmg the
polls, or just ground to apprehend popular vio-
lence, or if there should be a military fmce of the
rebels at the polls, threatening to disturb and to
bieak up the election, then, according to the Sen-
ator, the election ought not to be held at all. Sir,
what doctrine is this? He would lather see a per-
fect failure of all elections; he would rather see
his State disorganized; no members elected to the
House of Representatives or to the Senate of Ken-
tucky; no members elected to the Congress; he
would rather see all government fall into ruins
than that any miliUuy force should be employed
at the polls to protect the honest voter, or even
to protect the judges of the election in the dis-
charge of their duties. Did the Senator from Ken-
tucky mean this? He has certainly expressed it.
A more anarchical sentiment could never have
been uttered; a sentiment more incompatible with
the object of any Government, civilized or savage;
and yet the Senator declares that "where, from
the presence or apprehension of force, violence, or
other cause, any election cannot be so conducted,
it ought not to be held at all."
Mr. President, 1 have now finished the obser-
vations I have felt it my duty to make on this
series of resolutions. I look upon them as in-
viting, in the most direct and urgent terms, the
masses of the loyal people of the United States to
rise in insurrection against the Government and
eject from their places the executive officers who
now have charge of it, and to institute a revolution-
ary Government. Isitnotso? I defy any man to
read those rickety and almost crazy resolutions
and not come to the same conclusion. Sir, I think
that a gentleman who claims so much credit to
himself for profound knowledge of the Constitu-
tion, who is so strenuous in the assertions of his
respect for law and order, who is so frequent in
his imputations against others of failing to enter-
tain a similar respect for them, oughtto pause in
his career; and i,for one, will never agree to
permit such sentiments to pass unnoticed or un-
ccnsured so long as I have a place in this body.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I could have
wished that the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts, by whom this resolution was offered,
had not deemed it his duty to present it; and I
think if he had consulted with his friends on both
sides of the Chamber perhaps he would not have
offered it. On every account it is exceedingly
desirable that we should avoid as far as possible
every occasion for unnecessary excitement; and
above all should avoid taking any step that may
be likely to produce a conflict between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and the government
of any one of the States. To expel a Senator is
a very *rave matter; and there is additional grav-®
ity in it if it be probable that the opinion expressed
by the Senator, and which is the cause of his ex-
pulsion, may be shared in by the government of
the State he irpres^nts. I admit that there are
causes which should lead to the expulsion of a
Senator, but they ought to be very plain and ob-
vious, addressing themselves to the intelligence
and to the assent of ail true men of the country.
The resolution ofFeied by the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts rests, and upon its face is
made to rest, exclusively upon what he supposes
was the treasonable character of the resolutions
offered by the Senator from Kentucky. Mere
differences of opinion between the Senator from
Kentucky and the Senator from Massachusetts
would not, 1 am sure, in his own judgment, have
led him to offer such a lcsohuion. it is because
he is satisfied, and thinks that in that he cannot
he mistaken, that in the resolutions offered by the
Sf nator fiom Kentucky thcic is the plain avowal
of a tieasvumbie purpose. Nobody, therefore, I
am sure, would be more willing than the honor-
able member from Massachusetts to vote against
ins mui pioposition if he could be satisfied that
tin le was nothing in the icsolutions offered \>y the
honorable member from Kentucky liable to the
construction which he gives to them. Itistheie-
fore my purpose, m the very few remarks which
1 rise to address to the Senate, to inquire whether
there ns in those resolutions taken together, or
either of them considered by itself, without re-
fen ins: to its eon text, any treasonable opinion; or,
to state it in different words, whether the Senator
has gone beyond the latitude which a Senatoi has
a nght to occupy.
Freedom of speech in this body is secured by
collate utjoual guai an tec. F reedom of debate is of
course cured m the same way; and as a conse-
quence fiom it freedom of opinion is likewise
guarantied, unless you adopt what in my judg-
ment is a very unconstitutional view of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the obligation
which it imposes upon citizens and members of
Congress, that the Govern men t of theUnited States
consistsalone in the ExeciuiveoftheUmtedStates,
and that he who impeaches the conduct of that
Executive is to be assumed as assailing the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and disloyal be-
cause he does assail theGovcrnmentof theUnited
States. As far as my reading goes, it was never
pretended umillately by any member of Congress,
or by any member of the executive of the united
States, or by anything to be found in any of the
newspapers in the country, that there was any
disloyalty in calling in question the constitution-
ality of the conduct of the Executive. Nobody
will now dispute, or does dispute, that there is no
unconstitutionality in calling into doubt the policy
which the Executive may think proper to pursue,
and until the times in which we live I have never
understood that there was anything disloyal con-
sidered as existing merely because a member of
Congress or a citizen of the United States not hold-
ing the relation that a member of Congress does
to the Constitution of the United States,denounces
the conduct of the Executive. It seems from that
article of the Constitution which provides for a
Senate and House of Representatives to be termed
the Congress, vesting in that body nearly all the
powers of the Government, so far as the policy of
the Government is concerned, as there is rarely
ever any policy which must not grow diiectly or
indirectly out of congressional legislation, that it
was not the purpose of our-forefathers to give to
the legislators the authority to call in question the
conduct of the Executive. On the contrary, I have
supposed that we were placed here as the guard-
ians of the people of the United States, to watch
the conduct of the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment; to denounce, if any member thought
they were going beyond the limits of their own
authority, their conduct; to keep them within
their legitimate limits.
In the war of 1812,as will be seen by areference
to the debates which are handed down to us in the
Annals of Congi ess,you will find that hardly a sub-
ject was debated involving the policy of that war
in which the Executive was not denounced, and
denounced in the most acrimonious terms; but no-
body at that time of day thought of offering a reso-
lution m either branch that the member who so de-
nounced the Executive should be expelled.
In the Mexican war, thisChambei, or the Cham-
ber at that time occupied by the Senate, was elec-
trified by theeloquenee of u Senator from Ohio,who
was bitterly opposed to that war, who charged it
as an unauthorized act on the part of the Execu-
tive, with which Congress in us origin had nothing
to do, and invoked in words of burning eloquence,
as a boon which he hoped Heaven in mercy would
grant to the American people,that the soldiers in
the armies of the United States who were ordered
to invade Mexico would be met by bloody hands
and hospitable graves. Nobody dreamed of offer-
ing a resolution to expel that Senator; and the
body was composed then of men just as anxious
to keep the Constitution from being unnecessarily
invaded and just as determined to put down treason
as we can challenge for ourselves.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow me,
I think he does unintentional injustice to the dis-
tinguished gentle man whom hequotes. 1 think he
said, if he were a Mexican he would so welcome
the invader; not that he as an American hoped
they would be so welcomed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator maybe right
as to the particular }>h  aseology; hut I do not see
much difierencp between them. If ourarmiesare
to be sent into Mexico, and a Senator of the United
States says to Mexico,Meet them with bloody
hands and hospitable graves, that is your duty," I
rather think, according to the modern doctrine, it
would be considered asgivingaid and comfort to
the enemy, and the pai ty who indulged in it would
be subject to the modern law of expulsion.
Out in a war as among ourselves—I mean
among the people of the United States, having
no foreign operation—when the President of the
United States thought proper, and I have no doubt
he was sincere in the belief that he had the au-
thority, to icmove from the Bank of the United
States the deposit ol the public funds, and dis-
missed one Secretary who refused upon conscien-
tious ground to do it, and selected another who
had no such conscientious ground, and by whom
the removal was ordered, there were no words of
burning import known to our language that were
not hurled day after day upon the head of the
then President of the United States by the most
distinguished men of this body. It went to such
an extent that it awakened the ire of the incum-
bent of the presidential chair, and he sent to Con-
