1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2371
own country, but the diversified interests of the
Canadian provinces and of Great Britain. There
are such diverse interests to be consulted that the
negotiation of a new treaty that will accommo-
date them all can only be accomplished with the
greatest difficulty.
Now, we have a treaty in existence, a treaty
which has its merits and defects. The course of
conduct I recommend is not to destroy that treaty,
but to remedy its evils, correct its defects. Let
us endeavor to make a fair and just .treaty. If
wp can accomplish it, well and good; if not, then
•will be the time to give notice. That is the view
I take of the question. That is the way to se-
cure the advantages without the evils.
But there" are gentlemen upon the floor who
think that we ought not to have any treaty at all.
Mr. PIKE, lask the gentleman from Illinois
why this should be taken out of the general law
which governs our trade. Why not subject it to
the general law? What are the disadvantages?
Mr. ARNOLD. We cannot regulate trade with
a foreign nation by a general law; but that would
lead me into a general discussion of ourcommer-
cial relations. The feature to which I address
myself and regard as particularly importantis that
which secures the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence and Canadian canals to western products.
I do not go into any discussion of the fisheries.
I confess myself unable to throw any light on
that subject. I will say in reply to the gentle-
man from Maine that, in my judgment, it is pos-
' sible to extend the terms of the treaty so as to
include a larger number of articles than are now
embraced.
Now, we are asked to give this notice mainly
on the ground that Great Britain 'has behaved
badly, and that it would be humiliating for us to
treat with her. I confess, sir, that is carrying it
very far. As I said in the beginning, if the con-
duct of Gieat Britain is such as to make her in
the opinion of gentlemen an outlaw among the
nations of the earth, then, to be consistent, they
should not treat with her at all. They should
cut off all diplomatic connection with her. I can
see no reason, if we can treat with her on one sub-
ject without humiliation, why we cannot treat on
the subject of the reciprocity treaty without hu-
miliation. It is a keen discrimination which can
see any difference, and this denunciation of Eng-
land is introduced here by the gentlemen who
wish to destroy the treaty. It is introduced here
as a lawyer sometimes in pleading a bad caseap-
peals to prejudice to prevent a jury coming to a
fairand just conclusion. It is an attempt to create
prejudice against the treaty on the part of the
American people by recapitulating the outrages
our country lias suffered from Great Britain.
Having done this, and aroused the national pride
of our people, the gentleman turns round and says
that it is humiliating to treat with Great Britain.
I shall detain the House but for a moment
longer. I have not gone into the details of the
working of the treaty. I have presented a general
view of the subject, as it affects the North west, and
lask the Representatives of Ohio, Michigan, Indi-
ana, Illinois, Missouri, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
and the other States to look'to the subject,and
S£e whether that section of the Union would not
materially suffer by the abrogation of the treaty.
I propose at the proper time to move that so
much of the report of the committee as provides
for the giving of notice of the termination of the
treaty be stricken out, so that the resolution shall
simply provide for the appointment of commis-
sioners to meet such commissioners as Great Brit-
ain may appoint, for the purpose of considering
this treaty and making such modifications as time
and experience shall have shown to be necessary
No time need belostinmaking thisattempt. We
can make the attempt and see whether the evils in
the treaty may not be remedied, and if we fail in
that there will be time to give the notice termina-
ting the treaty according to the provisions of the
treaty itself. .
So nothing will be lost if this Congress at this
session passes a resolution providing for the ap-
pointment of commissioners. If those commis-
sioners should fail to agree upon something satis-
factory, then we can give the notice to terminate
the treaty. But I ampnwillingtoseetheadvant-
ao-es which I regard as coming from the treaty
destroyed without an attempt being made to pre-
serve them.
Sir, some of the gentlemen opposed to this
treaty think it wise to inflame as far as possible
the public mind against Great Britain. There
lias been much to provoke this in the conduct of
the ruling classes of that country. And yet, in
spite of all provocations, I believe the masses of
the English people sympathize with us in our
great contest against slavery; and I submit to,
gentlemen, in view of the horrors of war before
our eyes, whether it is not the duty of all to re-
frain from exciting those national antipathies and
prejudices that so often precipitate war.
I cannot forbear expressing the hope, in view
of recent events, that the sober second thought
of Great Britain will correct, to some extent, the
wrongs of the last three years, and that the state's-
men of both nations will remember that the true
glory of a people is in the triumphs of civiliza-
tion, intelligence, industry, and art.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, here received, by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary, informed the House
that the Senate had appointed Mr. Morgan a
member of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the hill
(H. R.No.40) making appropriations for the con-
sular and other diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30th June, 1865, in
the place of Mr. Cowan.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
15) to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Montana.
Mr. DAY1S, of New York, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. MORRILL, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at four o'clock and
fifty-five minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 20, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of John Er-
icsson, praying for such additional allowance on
his contract to constiuct the two iron-clad ocean
ships of war, the Dictator and Puritan, as will
enable him to complete them; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition ofGeorge
F. Nesbitt, of New York city, praying reimburse-
ment for losses sustained by him under his con-
tract to furnish the Post Office Department with
stamped envelopes and newspaper wrappers;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN piesented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying for a
modification of the joint resolution of the 29th
of February last, imposing an additional duty of
fifty per cent, on imported goods, so that goods
which already paid duty on April 29 and 30, and
those which remained in bond at the time of the
approval of the law, may be exempted from its
application; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented apetition of
citizens of Lawrence, Kansas, praying for the
abolition of slavery throughout the United States,
and for the adoption of measures for so amend-
ing the Constitution as forever to prohibit its ex-
istence in any portion of our common country;
which was referred to the select committee on
slavery and freedmen.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of Israel
Deming, praying to be relieved from the fulfill-
ment of his contract to furnish rations for the
maiines at Washington, Philadelphia, and New
Yoik for the year 1864; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT protempore. If there be no
further petitions and memorials, reports of com-
mittees are in order.
NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. GRIMES. On the 14th of March last I
introduced n bill in relation to naval supplies,
which was printed and referred:to tfitfCommittee
on Naval Affairs, and in the irfonth of April ft*
ported against. I have never liadan opportunity
to explain the provisions of the bill to the Sen-
ate", and I therefore move that the bill be taken
up with the report, in order that it may be mad®
the special order for Monday at one o'clock,
when I propose to address the Senate upon the
subject. - -
The-PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair *
will receive reports of committees according to the
rule.
Mr. GRIMES. I believe I am entitled to make
the motion. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The rule re-
quires reports to be called for, and the Chair will
put the question on the Senator's motion as soon
as the reports are through with.
•REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bill (Hi R.
No. 356) requiring proof of payment of duties on
foreign salt before payment of the allowances pro-
vided for by the acts of July 29,1813, and March
3, 1819, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (H.R. No. 63) to
settle theaccountof James Keenan,late consul
at Hong Kong, China, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
the subject was referred, reported a bill (S. No.
283) to abolish the collection districts of Port
Orford and Cape Perpetua, in the State of Oregon;
which was read,and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 426) to create an
additional supervising inspector of steamboats
and two local inspectors of steamboats for the
collection district of Memphis, Tennessee, and
two local inspectors for the collection district of
Oregon, and lor other purposes, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom the subject was
referred, reported a bill (S. No. 284) to increase
the efficiency of the staff of the Armyv which
was read and passed to a second reading.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 291) granting a pension to Esther P. Fox,
widow of Augustus C. Fox, reported adversely
thereon.
J. II. CLARK AND COMPANY.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 74) referring the claim of J, H. Clark & Co.
to the Court of Claims, have instructed me to re-
port back the lesolution and recommend its pas-
sage. 1 ask tjiatit may be put on its passage now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. * 1 should like to inquire
the character of the claim. Is it proposed to give
the Court of Claims a new jurisdiction ?
Mr. P0MER0Y. The committee did not in-
vestigate the character of the claim. The papers
were presented to the House of Representatives,
and they passed this joint resolution referring
the case to the Court of 'Claims. We merely pro-
pose to unite in passing the resolution of the
House of Representatives so that it may take that
direction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know that I have
any objection to it, but I think weoughtto know
whether it is a claim for damages on account of
the war, or to pay for slaves, or what it is.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee did not go
into an investigation of the claim.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not suppose that I
have any objection to the reference to the court;
but I think we ought to know before referring the
case what it is about. 1 do not ask for any in-
vestigation of it, but simply to know what the
claim is for.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the.
joint resolution lying over until to-morrow that
gentlemen may look into it.
ThePRESlDENTpro tempore. Thejointres-
olution will be postponed until to-morrow.
JULIA A. AMES.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 272)
for the relief of Julia A. Ames, have instructed
