1864.
THE
officials arc to take charge of the persons of be-
tween three and four million people. The Sen-
ator first said that they must do this accord-
ing; to the spirit of the Constitution; but feeling
that that was rather ridiculous, when itwassug-
fested by the Senator from Pennsylvania, he
•fo'andoned that, and he !ridw leaves the colored
people that may become free-to be'under the. su-
pervision, to a large extent ,under tire control, o*f
these superintendentsafrd I'suppose such agents
as they may-employ. And yettheyare To be
free! But what are these superintendents to do
in respect to these cplored', p6oplef They are
certainly to have a superintendence over them.
They are tp see to theircpmracts; they are to see
'liow they 4haH labor; they are to see how they
•ave treated by other persons, not only in respect
to the colored people theiris^ves, but in respect
to their relations with the wnite people these su-
perintendents are to be over them and above
them. Does the Senator like a government of
that kind where even the contracts that are to be
made by the colored people with the white people
are to be ^pervised by these superintendents ?
If the white people treat them unkindly or not,
'according t6 law, the Government of the United
States through these superintendent's is to appear
in the courts as the representative of this partic-
ular class of people. Thisisanew feature in,our
legislation. I think we have had nothing like it
before. I know that the States, following the
example of England, have provided for the rep-
resentation in courts by competent persons of
poor people; but has it ever occurred to the Sen-
ate of the United States that this Government
should assume to represent in fhe courts of the
United States every person who was not able to
represent himself? That is one of the duties of
these superintendents, to appear in court to man-
age the lawsuits and perhaps to employ attor-
neys to represent these colored people whenever
their interests shall be Controverted and contested
in the courts of the country.
Then, sir, the control of the persons of this
class of inhabitants, the control of their lawsuits,
the control of their contracts, the control of their
property, the control of their time, the control of
their labor is to be placed in the hands of these
superintendents.
Again, Mr. President, no measure of this kind
can be so carried out as that it will not lead to
oppression and fraud. I admit that some guards
have been thrown around this measure since its
introduction. The amendment of the Senutoi
from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] is a guard that
will perhaps to some extent prevent abuse and
fiaud; but surely Senators know very well that
it will not accomplish very much. Even the ter-
ror of a military court, the highest terror that can
be addressed to the mind of man in this country;
a terror almost equal to the Inquisition, which
shocked us all when we were more youthful as
we read of it—even that terror will not be suffi-
cient to prevent the frauds. Why, sir, what have
we heard within the last two yeais of the tians-
actions down the Mississippi river by officers in
your Army; by men that wore amenable to courts-
martial; by men that weieliable to be disgraced;
by men that were liable to have their offices taken
from them, arid to he punished in the severest
manner possible? Do not Senators know that
when the temptation was presented, more officei s
fell before that temptation than any of us expect-
ed? Cotton speculation to a cettuin extent has
corrupted your Army, and it has been chained to
have been the cause of a defeat of a \ei y ini poi t-
ant branch of the Army. A military court with
the terror of its punishment lias not been sufficient
to prevent speculation and fraud even among offi-
ceia of the Army.
Then, sir, if officers who stand upon honor,
who generally are honorable men, fall befoie this
temptation, what do you expect of these irie-
sponsible agents of a Depaitment—men who are
appointed because they are local or cioss-roml
iioliticians—men who never can secuie a high and
lonoruble office, but wish to get down South that
Jju-y may peculate and plunder? What do you
fexpeel from that class of" men who will tain- an
office like tins5 If honorable men, if the men of
your Artny who are controlled by the highest
scnument of honor, have fallen, until it has be-
come to some extent a displace to the whole
country, what do you expect from the politicians,
ihe meh who pull the wins for pnity, who arc
appointed to offices as partisan rewards? ' What
do you expect of them when they ge't down'into
the southern country, far removed -from the eye
of the Department, where the Secretary of the
Treasury can know very little about their trans-
actions? ' - ■
' -What check is thereupon them? Yo6 say they
are sworn. A man that will steal pays but little
attention to his oath. You say they will be pun-
ished by court-martial. By whom will you provp
alt this? Suppose they are guilty of frauds,; tfo
you expect to prove it-by the negroes that sur-
round them? Those negroes within three months
will fall under their control and be as afraid of
them as they were of their former masters. You
might as well expect to prove a crime against the
master by the testimony of his slave as to con-
vict one of these superintendents by the testi-
mony of the colored people under their control.
By the white population do you expect to con-
vict them? What population? By whom will
they be surrounded ? When one of these super-
intendents goes upon a plantation that is being
worked for the GovernnVentand takes the bales of
cotton from that plantation and disposes of them
and makes no fair and honest return to the Treas-
ury Department of the proceeds, by whom are
you to prove all that? The negroes do not go
with hitn to the market. Will you prove it by
the rebels in the neighborhood? The rebels in
the neighborhood take no interest in the ques-
tion whether the cotton is accounted for or not.
VVtil you prove it by the loyal people in the
neighborhood'1 It is my opinion you will not
find many of that sort of people in the neighbor-
hood. This piovision that was intended to pre-
vent fraud and plundeiing will be found practi-
cally to accomplish nothing.
But, sir, not only do you place the control of
three million people under a set of new officeis
sent from the North down to manage a class of
people that they are not acquainted with, not ac-
customed to, and thfttarenotaccustcmed to them,
but you place the Government property of the
southern poition of the country in the hands of
these men to manage and to conduct. It is my
purpose simply to allude to, without elaborately
discussing, these different features of the biil and
to call the attention of Senators to them and to ask
Senators if they are going to support a measure
containing so many dangeis and so few virtues.
Mr. President, there id a piovision m this bill
as it now stands to which i wish to advert very
briefly. It has been very maturely discussed in
the Senate, but I would not feel that I had done
my duty did i not allude to it. 1 refer to the
amendment adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.] Two years ago
next month a law was passed providing for the
confiscation of the propetty of rebels. That con-
fiscation, if Senators will recollect, was not to be
enforced by the Army. The officer that took pos-
session of a section of country could not enforce
that confiscation. It was by a judicial proceed-
ing; and 1 will rail the attention of Senators to
the provisions of the bill. By the fifth section of
that law it was provided that "to insure the
speedy termination of the present rebellion it shall
be the duty of the President of the United States
to cause the seizure of all the estates and prop-
e;ty, tnrmey, stocks, credits, &c., of the persons
heieniaUer named." Tins section of the bill pro-
vided fo£ the seizure of the propeity of persons
connected with the rebellion; but that was riot
sufficient, a seizntc did not vest in the Govern-
ment u title. Then the seventh section provided:
Tleit tn -t cMir" ? "• condemnation and sale of any ofs-ueh
piop'il} 'became "-luill ha\ e been seized, so mat it
may he wade a\ ulabie for the purpose ufoicsaid, proceed -
in Ida -h.'!l b. liHiuutuI m the name oi the United
Smk>> in any di<n tot eoiut thereof, or in any teriitoiial
court oi the L'mted States."
So that Senators will observe that the confisca-
tion was tin1 reMilc of a judicial proceeding, that
the seizure did not confiscate, but it became con-
fiscated upon the judgment ot the court. When
that bill went to the President of the United States
he was not satisfied to approve it. That bill did
not piovide in express tei tns that the judgment of
a couit should Cause a forfeiture of the estate in
fee, but it did not limit it to the life of the rebel,
and the President of the United States said he
would sign no such bill; and before the signature
of that bill Congress, I suppose, understanding
the'cnndilioh'afTK'e'lTxecmivFMm
vidt^ig': . % \
<* Nor shall any punishment or proceeding* un'de|*!f^1rd
act be so construed as to' wrirkta forfeiture of es^afe
oi the offender beyond tiis naiural life.3' U" . i
Before the ~Pt*esident 'returned the
'bill- to theHoffs'e of Representative's
tliis joint repblatioTi'efcplah^feofHfcg^'V^ t
tfr him, andMte,* si|nh g' thejn with, =sertt ;fheA
both' to 'the Senate'an^ 5Hdus4 of R&jfre&nt&h'fea
at the same time Vith hh? message. " jNoyiri Pwfsfi
to call the attentioft of the Senate'^o" the1 message
of the'Presided: / '
JTelbiv- Citizens ojlhe Senatetyid Househ.eptfscntal^i<p^i
Considei log the hill lor <vAn aej.to siipju'^s insurrec-
tion*, to ptrnlfh treason and rftbenion/trf'stfrzeftTUf coiffts-
efite the propei ty of" rebels, «Yfrd for'other' purposes," £nd
the joint resolution explanatory of snUi'aetj a  -i>eing sub-
stantially one, i have apptoveri a,nd signed bntli. ^
• Befoie f \v.w informed of the'iesofutioh, I hail, prepared
the iliaft oi.a message stating objections tovthe bill 1>QCVntt-
.-!${<? a law. a copy oMvhtcii dra.fr is lie'tSwitli mi-hmlfrnti.
ADJUIUM
; July .17,1803. s • :.v
The President of the United States wou4drnot
sign the bill until he signed-. the< joint resolution,
and m this message to Congress he said* that Jro
regarded the joint resolution andthe bill asone
measure, constituting one act, thejoiyt "resolu-
tion modifyingthe bill soasaccordntg toiusijudj*-
mentto remove the'constitufionaho6jec(-io?t. *!-Tn
the veto message which the Presiderrpsfe&l hfthcid
prepared, after giving many objections to'the
measure, approving some of.the sections of the
bill and disapproving some, he said:
"That to which I chiefly object pervades most'part
the act, but more distinctly appears m the first, second,
seventh, and eighth bc'ctions. it la the sum of tbo0e pro-
vwotis winch icfiiiib in the diverting of u.llti forever..
u For the causes of treason and ingredients of treason,
not amounting to the full ciime, it declares foifeHute ex-
tending beyond the lives of the guilty parties; wherena
the Constitution of the United States declares that 4 no at-
tainder of treason shall woiJj conuptioti of Wood, or for-
feiture except during the life of the pur&oii attainted.'
True, there i* to be no formal attainder In this Case J st'fll,
I think the greater punishment caunot be constitauoaaHy
inflict,<•(! in .i different louu for the same offense. -
" With gieat respect F am consuained to say I think this
featuie of'the act is unconstitutional. It would not be diffi-
cult to modify it."
It was modified by the joint resolution,and then
received the approval and signature of the Presi-
dent. With Senators in the majority this ought
to have weight. Two years ago the Senate
yielded to the judgment of the President on this
subject. Has the Constitution been since changed?
I know that the Constitution has been since
trampled upon, but in form'that "provision r<2-
-mains yet, that attainder of treason sh'alf not
work forfeiture of the estate beyond the life of
the traitor. The President said that in no focrn
of pioceeding, whether hi reni or in personam,
could you reach the estate of the person guilty
heyonti his life, and that after that it must go "to
his children. If I weie of the majority I should
not wish to present a question like this' to the
President of tffe United States. Senatdrs wlie'n
they support this measure are presumed to ex-
pect the executive approval. Do Senators who
say that it is my duty to suppoit the Executive
feci justified in presenting to him a measure which
they know he must veto? Do Senators do right
in presenting to the Executive that which" they
know in advance he must of necessity veto in a
time like this, and especially a'war measure? If
the President vetoes it there is a clash between
him and the Congress: either congressional in-
fluence is weakened before the country or the
position and influence of the Piesident are weak-
ened befoie the country, neither of which, in a
time like this, is to be desired. Then are Sena-
tors of the majority willing to send to the Presi-
dent a bill that they know in advance he must
veto?
But if he approve the bill, what then? More
unfoitunatc still, because then he approves a bill
which Ire has said was unconstitutional, and by
his own evidence he stands before the country
approving an act which the Constitution forbids
when he stands before God and man pledged in
the most solemn manner to protect and defend the
•Constitution. Are Senatois of the majority then
willing m a time like this for no good purpose, m
my judgment, to force the Executive into a posi-
tion like that ? It would be "quite bad enough for
