2372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
me to report it back and. recommend its passage. :
This is a very meritorious case, and I think the
bill vviil be assented to by every member of the
Senate without hesitation. Mrs. Ames is the
widow of a sergeant in the sixth regiment Mas-
sachusetts volunteers, who, on the 39th of April,
1861, lost his life in Baltimore. The regiment
had not been mustered into service. Those of
the regiment who were not killed or wounded in
Baltimore came to "Washington and were here
mustered into service; but this man, being wound-
ed, remained back and died; and he not having
been inust&red into service, his widow under the
law was not entitled to a pension. That is the
reason of her petition. The bill gives her the
pension of a private—eight dollars a month from
the 19th of April, 1861. I ask that it be acted
oil now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An amend-
ment is proposed by the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FOSTER. The amendment is merely to
correct a clerical mistake made by the engrossing
clerk in the House of Representatives. The ori-
ginal bill as introduced into that House and as
there passed described the individual as a ser-
geant, but the cngrossingclerk wrote " surgeon."
The amendment is to strike out the word " sur-
geon5' and insert " sergeant."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. It was
ordered thattheamendment be engrossed andthe
bill be read a third time; and the bill was read
the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 56) toauthorize the President to call
out men by draft for one year; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Aifairs and the Militia.
Mr. WADE asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 235) to
regulate the veto power in the several Territories
in the United States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Territories.
ItECOMMITTAL OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered^ That the hill (H. II. No. 43) for the relief of
Milo SutliiF and Levi H. Cus-e, with the accompanying pa-
pers, iHMecommittrd to the Committee on Claims.
. SEIZURE OF A MINE IN ARIZONA.
Mr. CONNESS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to in-
form the Senate by what authority the silver mine of Syl-
vpfeter Mowty, m Arizona Territory, luu? hc«in seized by
order ofGeneial Carlo ton, the commander of the militaiy
department of New Mexico, and by what authority the
HfUil mine is now being; worked, and what disposition is be-
ing made of the proceeds of said mine.
MJESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 477) to abolish the collection distucts of
Cape Ptrpctua and Poit Oxford; in which it re-
quested the concurrcncc of the Senate.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the bill (H. R. No.
15) to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Montana.
The message also announced that the House
of" Representatives had further insisted upon its
disagreement to i&e ninth amendment of theSen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 193) making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th June, 1865, and for other
purposes, insisted on by the Senate, and upon its
amendments to the seventh and eighth amend-
ments of the Senate to the said bill, disagreed to
by the Senate; and agreed to the further confer-
ence asked by the Senate upon the disagreeing
votes of trie two Houses thereon, and had ap^
pointed Mr. Justin- S. Morrill ofYermontjMr.
John F. Farjjsworth of Illinois, and Mr. John
A. Griswojld of New York, managers at the same
on its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED. j
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an en-
rolled bill (S. No. 267) to amend An act entitled
"An act to enable the people of Nevada to form
a constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an .
equal footing with the original States;" and it
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had yesterday ap-
proved and signed the following acts and joint
resolutions:
An act (S. No. 139) for the relief of Margaret
M. Stafford, widow of Reuben Stafford, of Co-
shocton county, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 197) for the relief of Charles
L. Nelson;
A joint resolution (S. No. 21) to provide for
the printing of official reports of the operations
of the armies of the United States; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 37) for the payment
of expenses incurred by the joint committee on
the conduct of the war.
NAVAL. SUPPLIES.
Mr.COLLAMER. I move thatallpriororders
be difpensed with and that we proceed to consider
House bill No. 407. I perceive that although
during the call of reports we are not allowed to
make such a motion as this, gentlemen making
reports from committees and asking for their im-
mediate consideration overslaugh any chance of
getting up any other bill.
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The Chair will
remark to the Senator that that is entirely within
the control of the Senate. One objection carries
over any report. If the Senator will pardon the
Chair, the Chair will first put the question on the
motion made by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] to take up the bill referred to by him
for the purpose of postponing it, as the Chair
ruled that his motion was not in order at the time
he made it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I yield to that as a matter
of courtesy.
Mr. GRIMES. My motion was to take up the
bill (S. No. 165) in relation to naval supplies.
vThe motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move that the bill be
made the special order for Monday next at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL SERVICE TO BRAZIL.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
407) to authorize the establishmcntofocean rrfhil
steamship service between the United States and
Brazil, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wilkinson to add the following
additional sections:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That whereas thf1 Gov-
ernment of Venezuela, by a contiaet entered into on the
1st day or May, l$63,by^imon Camancho, consul for Ven-
ezuela, in the eiry of New York, in behalf ot said Govern-
ment, of the one part, and c<ut:un citizens of the United
States of the other part, for the puipo-e of establishing aline
of sieamei- to carry the mails and ply between the city of
Sew Yotk and La Guayra, and othi-r Venezuelan ports,
the Postmaster General is lieiebv authorized and empow-
ered to'aceept the tewris theieol on the pan of the United
dtuto., so fat  •= the same may be applicable, and to enter
mm a eontr.ict With the paities theieto, upon their furnish-
ing good and sufficient feuietles for the taithlul performance
of such contract, tor canying the mails between the ports
of St. Thoimio, W'o&t Indies, and La Guajra, and such utiiei
Venezueii.au ports a-, may be deemed expedient, according
to the provisions of said contract: Proud ed, The expense
of t-ueii service to the United states shall not exceed the
sum of £40,01)0 per year, lor the performance of semi-
monthly tup^ between said ports, to be paid out of any
moneys appropriated for the service of the Post Office De-
partment: J'rovidcd Ju) ther, That theGoveinmento! Ven-
ezuela will apply and entry out in good faith the teims and
conditions of said eontractto the route between St. Thomas
and the ponj aforesaid, accoidmgto the conditions therein
• stipulated.
j Sec. 6. Jlnd be itfurthei enacted, That the two Govern-
I ment  shall be entitled to have transported, free of expense,
J on e.ieh and eveiy steamer, a mail agent to lake charge ot
! and anange the mail matter, to whom suitable accommo-
dations for that purpose shall be assigned.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, the bill
now before the Senate provides for the establish-
ment of a mail line between tlie ports of the Uni-
ted States and the empire of Brazil, it provides
for letting the Contract for carrying the mail in a
line of steamers that are described in the bill upon
the condition that the Government of Brazil will
join with this Government in raising an equal sub-
sidy for this purpose. It limits the amount to be
paid by the United States toward supporting or
subsidizing this line between the two countries
to §150,000. It requires the steamers to touch at
the island of St. Thomas.
The amendment which I offer proposes to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to enter into a con-
tract with certain parties who have heretofore
made a contract with the Government of Vene-
zuela for the purpose of running a. line of mail
steamers connecting with this one to Brazil at the
island of St. Thomas, and running to La Guayra
in Venezuela, and certain other ports that maybe
afterwards designated.
The object, 1 suppose, of subsidizing these
lines is to open and encourage a trade between
the United States and these South American Gov-
ernments. I do not know any other argument
that can be offered in support of this proposition
of the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
I am inclined to think that the policy is a good
one. That is the policy which the English Gov-
ernment has pursued, and pursued successfully,
and in my opinion the United States would have
been better off and more prosperous to-day in her
commercial relationsifshe had adopted thispolicy
more liberally some time ago.
But, Mr. President, if the argument is good in
favor of the original proposition, it is equally •«
sound as applicable to the amendment which I
have offered. If it is wise for us to open com-
mercial relations or to encourage them with the
slaveholding empire of Brazil, it is more proper
that we should encourage trade with the free re- .
public of Venezuela. This amendment calls for
but $40,000, and I hope it will be adopted. I do
not assail the principle of the original bill; I en-
courage and support it; and it is upon that prin-
ciple that 1 press this amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have made some remarks
in relation to this amendment heretofore,and I
wish to make them again or something like them
in order to recall the subject to the minds ofgen-
tlemen.
I do not wish to be considered as expressing
any opinion whether in due time and on proper
occasion we ought not to establish a line to Ven-
ezuela; but this bill for the establishment of a line
to Brazil has passed the House of Representa-
tives by a very strong vote; it was before the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads of this
body; and this project was then presented, and
the committee considered it, and thought it was
improper by way of amendment to this bill. Art
amendment, legitimately considered, is something
that shall be done to a bill to effect the purpose
of the bill, to make it perfect to its end. This
suggestion now of making a line to Venezuela
has no connection with, and is an entirely inde-
pendent matter, from this bijl. It is not perfect-
ing the biil or the enterprise, but it is for a dif-
ferent and independent enterprise, one perhaps of
some importance, but of infinitely less import-
ant than the other.
Hut, sir, I have other objections to this amend-
ment. In undertaking the initiation anew of this
policy, beginning on the small scale of this Bra-
zilian enterprise, which is only $150,000 a year,
there were two features in it which the friends of
this measure have been desirous to preserve. One
was that we would enter into this system only
with countries willing to join us in it, so as to
secure the success of the enterprise. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota insists that Venezuela is
willing to do that. I will come to that directly.
This project of a steam line to Brazil is put upon
that condition, which is made part of the bill.
The next feature was that this subsidy should not
be granted as were those to the Collins line, the
Sloo line, and all those, which were laws passed
for particular persons, granting a subsidy to par-
ticular persons or companies, against which very-
much of public exception was always taken—3.
very vicious species of legislation always. This
bill requires the Postmaster General to put out
proposals and receive bids, thus opening it to the
enterprise of all.
These important features of the bill are incon-
sistent with the amendment now offered. In the
first place the amendment, if it were adopted, is
