mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
on this bill, by their vote on this test question,
whether they are prepared to stand where they
have professed to stand heretofore—on the posi-
tion that they were opposed to the enslavement
of the negro race, but were unalterably opposed
to give to it political or social equality.
Mr. BEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I shall not fol-
low the gentleman in hisargument.onthismotion,
because it occurs to me that the position he as-
sumes is rather an argument against the action of
the Senate than against the action of this House.
1 do not propose, at the present time, to discuss
the question whether it is expedient to give the
elective franchise tp the colored race. I wish,
however, that the House may understand pre-
cisely what the question is. The Committee on
Territories reported a bill to this House to organ-
ize the Territoi y of Montana* Thatbiil provided
that all white male inhabitants should be elect-
ors there. The bill was passed by this House
and sent to the Senate. There it was amended
by striking out the words " white male inhabit-
ants, "and substituting the words " all citizensof
the United States." it is insisted by the gentle-
man from Oluo [Mr. Pendleton] that the efFect
of that amendment is to allow colored men to
vote. I shall not stop to inquire whether that be
the effect or not. Nor, as 1 before said, shall 1 in-
quire whether such legislation is expedient or not.
It is enough for me to say that the action of this
X-Iouse has precluded any supposition thatnegroes
are to be allowed t<&,fvote, because instead of adopt-
ing the amendment of the Senate this House has
non-concurrfd in it.
Now, howdo we stand here r We have passed a
bill excluding colored men from voting. That bill
goes to the Senate and is amended. 11 comes back
here, and we non-concur in the amendments; so
that, as the matter now stands, this House has
refused to consent to colored men voting. It
seems to me that the argument of the gentleman
is opposed to the position he assumes here, lie
saya he is opposed to colored men voting. Tins
House says it ia opposed to colored men voting.
It has passed no bill and has adopted no amend-
ment to allow colored men to vote. On tin- con-
trary, it has refused to adopt that amendment.
The gentleman stands up here, for what puipose?
To argue against i he action of the House? No,
sir; but to argue against the action of the Senate.
I am at a loss in say what sort of consistency
there is in the argument which lie ha:* assumed
here. Has the non-roncummeo in the amend-
ments, and the appointment, of a committee of
conference, the effect of allowing colored citizens
to vote? Notat all. So far as the matter stands
now, it is directly opposed to that. It is not lor me
to say whiitnetion the committee of conference will
take. I have no means of knowing what course it
will assume on this question. But I know that the
House has said that it would not concur m the
Senate amendments, and has asked a committee of
conference for the purpose of determining what
shall be done in the premises. I therefore move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask the gentleman
from Michigan a question, if he will withdraw
his motion to allow me to do so.
Mr. T3LAMAN. Certainly, sir. I withdraw
the motion tor that puipose.
Mr. COX. Who in the Territories would de-
cide upon^the qualification of these electors ?
Mr. BLAMAN. 1 do not understand the fren-
fclernan,
Mr. COX. Suppose-there is an ambiguity in
this full. Suppose we cannot toll here under our
legislation who will be the electors, 1 ask the gen-
tleman   opinion, what is the tribunal and who
are the poisons who are to decidc as to who shall
be the electors?
twf1'* .The judicial tribunals.
at on* a/t a\}e Judiciary of the Territory?
Mr. KEAiVTAN. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The House disagreed to the
three amendments of the Senate and asked for a
committee of confluence. Yesterday the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Pkndleton] moved to re-
consider the vote by which the House disagreed
to the Senate amendments and asked for a com-
miUeeofconference. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Beaman] lias moved that the motion to
reconsider be kid on the table.
Mr* HOLM AN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afftrmaative—yeas 63, nays 49*, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
ley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Be.unan, Blaine, Francis P.
Blair, Boutwetl, Bovd, Rroomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb,
Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dumont. Eckley, Eliot, Frank, Gooeh, Grin-
nell, Hale, HigbV) Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jenekes,
Julian, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Lougyear. Mcfinde, Mc-
Ciurg, Moorhead, Moinll, Aniosi Myers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Oith, Perhani, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H.
Randall, Alexander 11. Rice, Seofield, Shannon, Spalding,
Steven4?, Thayer, Tracy, Upaon, Van Valkenburgh, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,and Wood-
bridge—63.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Chanter, Clay, Cox, Dawson, Eden, Eldndge, Eng-
lish, Fmck, Gtider, Griswold, Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harrh, Ileriick, Holman, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
ibnsch, King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Malioiy. Marcy, Mc-
Kinncy, SMuldlctou, James R. Morris, Odeli, John 0>Neill,
Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson') Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Scott, John B. Steele, Strou^c, Stuart, Sweat,
Wlialey, Wheeler, Winfield, and Yeaman—49.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
During the vote,
Mr. THAYER stated that hia colleague, Mr.
L. Myers, was absent on account of illness in
his family.
Mr. STILES stated that lie was paired with
Mr. Marvin; and that otherwise he would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. HOLMAN stated that his colleague,"Mr.
McDowell, was paired with M r. McIndoe; and
that if present he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. O'NEILL stated that Mr. Miller, of
Pennsylvania, was confined to his room by in-
disposition .
Mr. McKINNEY stated that his colleague,
Mr. J. W. Wiiitk, was detained from the House
by illness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
MILITARY ROAD.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, submitted the joint resolutions of the
State of Kentucky in relation to the construction
of a military road; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
1 BOUNTIES.
Mr. YEAM AN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill m relation to the payment of boun-
ties in cartes of persons who have enlisted and died
before being sworn into service; which was rend
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mitter on Military A/fairs.
PENITSN'TTARYFOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA:
Mr. MORRIS, ofOhio, by unanimousconsent,
from the Committee for the District of < 'olumbia,
reported a bill authorizing the construction of a
penitentiary, jail, and house of correction in and
for the District of Columbia; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed with
the accompanying report, and recommitted to the
same committee.
UNITED STATES JURIES.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be In-
structed lo inquno into tlie expediency of amending ex-
isting laws m jelation to juries in Federal eouits, to as to
secure tair and impartial tnais therein ; and said committee
report by bill oi otheiwise.
COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that next Saturday be fixed for the
consideration of business from the Committee on
Public Lands. That committee has not been called
for three months.
The SPEAKER. Saturday next after the morn-
ing hour?
Mr- JULIAN. Yes, sir.
There was no objection, and It was ordered
accordingly.
NEW POST ROUTE.
Mr. BENNET, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to?
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instiucted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a post route fsojtf function City, Kansas, to
Denver City, Colorado*
CLERK FOR A SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask unanimous consent to in«
troduce the following resolution:
Resoled,That the seiectcommittee appointed under the
resolution introdu«edby Hon. F. P. Blair, Mareh'J3,1864,
to investigate, &c., during their sittings have a clerk to
take the testimony and keep the minutes of proceedings,
the clerk to be paid four dollars per day lor encii day such
committee shall be employed in taking testimony in said
investigation.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
KAILROAD TO NEW YORK*
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of House bill No. 307, to de-
clare certain roads military roads and post roads
and to regulate commerce; on which the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. PENDLETON being absent, the floor was
assigned to Mr. Sweat.
Mr. SWEAT addressed the House for an hour
in opposition to the bill. [His speech will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. WOODBRIDGE obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER stated that the morning hour
had expired.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr-STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself in to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
take up the national currency bill, which is the
special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended,andthe
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rollins,
of New Hampshire, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration, as a special order, of the bill
(li. R. No. 333) to provide a national currency
secured by a pledge of United States stocks, and
to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof.
The CHAIRMAN stated that when the com-
mittee rose last evening the forty-third section of
the bill was under consideration.
The Clerk read the section, as follows:
Sec. 43. be it further enacted, That the Treasurer,
on receiving from an association lawful money for the pay-
ment and redemption of its outstanding notes, as provided
ior m the preceding section of this act, shall execute du-
plicate receipts therefor, one to the association and tho
other to the Comptroller of the Currency, stating the amount
iceeived by him, and the purpose for which it has been re-
ceived, which amount shall be paid into the Treasury of
the United States, and placed to the credit of such associ-
ation upon ledcmption account. And it shall be the duty
of the Treasurer, whenever he shall redeem any of the
notes of said association, to cause the same to be mutilated,
and charged to the redemption account ot said association;
and all notes j-o redeemed by the Tieasurer shall, every
three months, be certified to and burned in the mariner
prescribed for worn-out and mutilated notes in this act.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to strike out the words
" for worn-out and mutilated notes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOBJER. I move to strike out the words
in the forty-fourth section "shall be for the same
sum as before," and in lieu thereof to insert,
"may be for the same amount, or as they were
before the conversion;" so that it will read:
And that ii is authorized to commence tho business of
ban lung under it, the association  hal! havethe*«me jmy.
ers and puvilegns, and shall be subject to the same duties,
responsibilities, and rules, m all respect*, except that the
shams of stock may be for the same amount, or as they
were before the conversion, a« is prescribed m this act (or
other associations organized under it, and sJiaJl be held and
regarded as an association under this# act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER* I move to add the following
to the en'd of the section:
Jlnd ■provided further, That any bank or banking asso-
ciation now organized in pursuance of the laws of any
State, under at tides of association which prohibit spocifiod
changes therein, may be changed and converted into a na-
tional banking association under the provisions of this act
without any such change in its articles of association aa
may be prohibited by the same, anything in this act to tho
contrary notwithstanding ; and its directors at the timo of
such change may continue in office, and their suoeassora
may from time to time be elected or appointed as provided
by its articles of association. '
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. Mr. Chair*
man, I desire to say a word or two in reference
to that amendment, and in order that the House'
may have a thorough understanding of the whole
matter I ask the Clerk to read the sixty-third sec-
tion of the bill as a part of my remarks*
