1864.
TgE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
southern confederacy by his votes,by his speeches,
by his action, by hi* whole course, &nd be a
worthy member of this Senate of,the United
States. That is what I.say; that is whati mean-;
that is what I affirm.
1 believe, sir, that this rebellion is to be crushed,
is to be exterminated, and I believe th,at every
jaart who favors it, whether he be a member of
this body or a member of the southern army, is
to be crushed and to be exterminated .unless he
repents. That is what-I believe. I believe, sir,
that this rebellion is to-day upon its last legs. No
matter for our little reverses, no matter for ourre-
pulses, no matter what may occur,! believe that
this Government is to be sustained and main-
tained, and carried through to eternity. That is
what I believe. I do not care whether you be-
lieve in the " nigger" or not; the Government will
stand, " nigger" or no " nigger." Sir, this Gov-
ernment was more bitterly menaced on the 4th
day of March, 1861, than it has ever been since.
At that time Captain Buchanan, afterwards com-
manding the.rebel monster Merrimac, was in com-
mand of our navy-yard here, was in commandof
our naval and military supplies, and every man
in command in this District was a traitor to the
Government,and John C. Breckinridge,yourpred-
ecessor, was here sustaining every man of them.
Sir, this Government went through its hour of
peril in 1861. It had traitors in every single De-
partment of the Government, everyone; traitors
in the navy-yard, and a traitor in command of the
police of this Capitol, who is to-day an officer in
the rebel army; traitors in every Department
of this Government, traitors in your Treasury,
traitors in your War Department. The rebel
traitor Lee was in your War Department on the
4th of, March. Thompson, of Mississippi, a
traitor and a thief, was in the Interior Department;
Floyd, a traitor and a thief, in your War Depart-
ment; all traitors and thieves in command in the
prominent positions under your Government.
Well, sir, we got rid of traitors and thieves. To-
day we have loyal men in command ofour armies;
"we have loyal men in our Departments; we have
loyal men in the Senate of the United States; we
have loyal men in every Departmentof this Gov-
ernment, and we no more rely upon the Loes or
the Buchanans to fight our battles. In 1861 we
had disloyal men in command of our aimies,
traitors; to-day they are all either dismissed or
laid on the shelf, every one of them. To-day we
have loyal men; men who will put down this ac-
cursed, damnable rebellion at the point of the bay-
onet, no matter who stands up in this Senate
for it.
Mr. President, I thank God that it is so. I
thank God that we are to-day very pearly at the
end of this accursed rebellion. I thank God that
this nation has risen to the point of using every
implement that the Almighty and common sense
have put in it, hands to crush the rebellion. To-
day we have more loyal men in the southern
States than there are disloyal traitors. Through
the disasters of this war, the rebels have lost many
men and they have brought every man that can
be brought into their ranks into them; and there
are more loyal black men than there are disloyal
traitors in the whole southern confederacy to-day,
and I thank God for it; and I am in favor of doing
as they have done, bringevery loyal man through-
out the whole South in to save this great Gov-
ernment, bring every man who is to-day raising
pork, and corn, and cotton, to fight the battles of
the Union, bring every man who can shoulder a
musket to crush and utterly destroy this accursed
rebellion. Sir, the elements are there, the men
are there, the implements are there; we do not
need another man from the north of the Potomac.
Let us bring the loyal men of the South in to put
dosvn treason in the South, and there are men
enough and more than enough to do it. Sir, we
have heard enough about not using black men to
put down this rebellion. I would use locomotives,
1 would use mules, f would use jackasses, I would
use every single thing that God and natuie had
put in my hands to put down this rebellion; but
first i would use the black element, bring every
negro soldier who can fight into the Army. A
negro, Mr. President, is better than a traitor. 1
say this advisedly, that I consider a loyal negro
better than a secession traitor either in the North
or the South. I prefer him any where and every-
where that you please to put him. A secession
traitor is> beneath a loyal negro. I would let a
loyal negro vote. I'would let him testify; I would
let him fight; I would 1-ethim do any other good
thing, and I would exclude a secession traitor.
Now,' Mr. President, 1 have said more than I
intended to say. I simply got up to make one
remark, but I have been led into three or four. T
say this deliberately, that in Kentucky, in Ten-
nessee, in Alabama, in Louisiana, in South Car-
olina, in every single rebel State I consider a loyal
negro better than a secession traitor, and I will
treat him better. Make the most of it.
Mr.t>AVIS and Mr. McDOUGALL Sought
the floor,which was awarded to Mr. McDocgall.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now take a
vote on this measure. We have spent five or six
days on it and we shall have no time to devote to
it after to-day. I hope we shall certainly finish
it to-night.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not with my consent
while I have die floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Califor-
nia allow me a minute?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not a moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I will haveit after you are done.
[ intend to answer this man. [Pointing to Mr.
Chandler.] „
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, the re-
marks of the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chand-
ler] do not, in my judgment, demund a partic-
ular reply, but concerning his vehement discourse
and its value, if the Senatorever could have been
the subject of prophetic vision it might be sup-
posed that an ancient poet and seer had him in
his mind's eye when he said or wrote:
(iA wipe man, when ho has occasion fair to speak hismtnd,
Finds wouW th.lt promptly flow to yraee his argument.
There aie those* who have the volubility of wisdom
But not her power. A dangerous man
Is that audacious sounding (Senator whose loose-cast words
J.TU-k all the qualities of judgment."
We have heard from that Senator many sounding
words; no particular thought. He would perform
the seven laborsof Hercules if words were equiv-
alent to the work; but words are but wind; they
have not even the substance of which shadows
are made.
I do not intend to discuss this question at length.
If time permitted I would be pleased to do so.
If I thought anything I could say would be of
present practical service I should feel bound to
venture upon n careful and fulldiscussion. ltis
one of immense magnitude. I do not think that
the experience, history, or policies of the world
ever had to do with such a proposition as is now
distinctly presented. It is now proposed tliatby
legislation we shall provide for the particular ad-
ministration of the personal affairs of four million
persons.
Who, Mr. President has ever heard or read of
any attempt at such an undertaking? Men who
have been dealing with abstractions, the theorists
and ismatics of the day, must now look stubborn
facts in the face and realize the fact that this is a
concrete rather than an abstract world; thatcon-
ditionsexistand must beconsidered as they exist.
If in regarding abstract speculations more than
palpable apprehensible human verities they have
evoked a condition more terrible than the tempest,
would it not be well if they should pause and in-
quire how they may control that condition? To
me it seems that there is a reckless, headlong dis-
position to rush wickedly and willfully into ruin
1 do not mean that Senators moving this meas-
ure advisedly contemplate great wrong, but I am
compelled to think that either from prejudice or
ignorance they persistently ignore the right. What
is evil for all must be evil for them, and ere long
they will hear the thunder and witness the light-
ning.
The daring attempt to'control the interests and
administer the particular affairs of four million
individuals scattered over a large division of a
great continent never came wiihin the conception
of any reasonable being, without in that category
we include the class of mad enthusiasts of the day.
The enthusiasts have provoked the occasion, it is
well that they should now look it 111 the face. They
have invoked the demon of the threshold. They
are not able to command or control his threaten-
ing countenance, arid they will be compelled to
return with trembling.
I have looked for this time, this development of
the policy of the Administration. This measure
is the full culmination of the policy indicated for
the last (wo years. I have looked for its pro-
duction -vta'th sad apprehcrision. I 'HnVe tfiolifclfl?
that it eould not, butThoped it mrglubebthW-5
wise. And now with art earnest aha kind 'regard
for every person whose syrfttee is colored by lb«
hot sun and burning eands of Africa, i say'to
them, farewell to hope. The bonda^eofthclegifl^
iative and governmental tyrants which this poiicy
will inaugurate will be more4errtbIe than thai of
any system of taskmasters the world has known
since Israel was captive in Egypt. For your pe-
ri em ption it will require S Moses and many mira-
cles. '
Mr. President, it is impossible fjut a Govern-
ment, as sacli, to administer the particular affairs
of four million people. It is a social as welt-as
a mathematical absurdity. Most particularly is
this true in a free Go'verrtmeht. It jy possible
under some order of kingcraft, the being
absolute and crafty. I said it was possible. 1
withdraw the observation; I do riot tftihk'it could
be done under the ukiase of the czar; ' - >
Mr. President, the substance, force, and effeet
of this bill is to not merely subject but to subjii*
gate the African race in all the States in rebellion.
They are called freedmen.
Mr. President, the term " freedman " is a delu-
sion. The law forces the so-called f>eedtWan be-
neath the condition of the sldve in the Sduth,
the peon in Mexico, and th& red man of the wil-
derness. The law if executed is tfee expression
of-a merciless power. Let those who propose to
extinguish all of African blood give it tli^ir sup-
port. My love for the entire human family will
not permit me to join with them.
Mr. President, I have already remarked that I
was a friend to the people of the African race. 1 am
too good afriendto willfully see them wronged, it
may be the policy of the friends of this measure to
extinguish the African as we have been extinguish-
ing the red men. With the history of the destruc-
tion of the aboriginal tribes all are familiar. It
may be thought by my humanitarian friends that
it would be well to dispose of the African popu-
lation in the same way. It is a very prompt pro-
cess. The exact manner I am not familiar with,
but I have observed some of the results. In the
year 1849 theire were in the valley of Napa, the
beautiful valley of Napa, twenty-five thousand
Indians, quiet, well-ordered, healthy,and strong;
there are to-day less than two hundred and fifty,
and they the mere wrecks of Indians. What is
true of the tribes in the valley of Napa has been
true of all the tribes that have.cotne in the way of
white oppression since the arrival of Columbus
and the vyar with the Narragansetts.
The policy proposed by this bill is an outrage
upon Christianity and humanity,and assueh, with
a severe sense of duty, I denounce it. A set <3f
Government appointees to command, control, and
govern four million people, they to fix the value
of their labor, and the surplus over and above the
value of their labor to be paid into the Federal
Treasury; they to be a special source of Fed-
eral revenue. The now slaves being called freed-
men are to be placed under hired political task-
masters to make bricks for the Republican tower
of Babel. Taskmasteis are badj hired taskmas-
ters are worse, hired political taskmasters are
worst. Senators, all pray for the poor negro!
The term "freedman'" was a term of valufe in
the old Roman'times. It has tio value n<SW. Then
it indicated the next thing to a Roman citizen; it
now indicates the subject of the smallest subal-
tern. The duty ofa soldierand his loyalty are by
our law to be ascertained, or rather determined, by
the oath he is called upon to affirm. '
Mr. President, it seems to me to be an inter-
esting question, not for the first time presented,
whether or not an oath has any binding obliga-
tions. In the less informed periods of Christian
civilization the adjuration which invoked God
to witness was held to be a binding obligation,
Other theorists may have found out that any oath
that promotes a present purpose is justifiable, and
is in all respects correct, so that it effect* its pur-
pose, and may rely upon Mr. Bentham for au-
thority.
1 heard not long since in this Chamber that
some gentlemen were afflicted with " Constitution
011 the brain." Allow me to say that when we
come up to the Great Gate and ask for Peter's
keys, that Constitution on the bram will not be
as dangerous a disease as perjury on the eofi.
