1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBjl.
*8
impracticable; it will not effect the purposes the
gentleman has in view; it cannot consistently. It
alludes to a certain contract which it is said was
made by Venezuela witli certain individuals in
this country offering to pay them so and so if they
would set up a line to run between the two coun-
tries. It proposes that this line from St. Thomas
to Venezuela shall be carried on under that cop-
tract. Any attempt of that kind is legislation for
particular persons; nobody else can get it; it is
to be done by the men who made this contract.
That is utterly inconsistent with the principle of
the bill.
In the next place, the contract alluded to in the
amendment was a contract made with Venezuela,
to run a line from Venezuela to New York direct.
It is not to go to St. Thomas. By that contract
they contemplated having a steam line running
direct from Venezuela to New York. This whole
contract was drawn upon that ground. This
amendment proposes to set up a steamboat line,
as under that contract, from Venezuela to St.
Thomas, which is not the contract at all. The
people ofrenezuela might be entirely unwilling to
make any arrangement by which they should have
a steam lipe to run from St. Thomas, which is
some six or seven hundred miles from the foot of
the Caribbean sea, and is nearly in a right line
from our eastern coast here, to the point of South
America, Pernambaco, thus going out of its way.
It would be seven hundred miles from there into
Venezuela, from the west coast of the Caribbean
- sea. They might be entirely un willing to have a
steamship line set up to run out to St. Thomas,
and make its connection there for New York, and
make the transhipment of all the goods, wares,
passengers, and everything else, and depend upon
its connection with that line. That is something
entirely different from what that contract with
Venezuela proposes. It is not carrying out that
contract at all. If anything was to be donctoset
up such a line to Venezuela when we get this in
operation from St. Thomas, it would require, to
carry out the principle adopted by the commit-
tee, that the matter should be left open to public
bids, and that Venezuela should join us in it, if
they have a mind to make a contract and enter
into an arrangement to go to St. Thomas, about
which there has been no arrangement, and is no
contiact whatever.
I-therefore say that the amendment as drawn
by the gentleman is impracticable; that even if
it is practicable, it is a grant to particular indi-
vidual persons, and it is an attempt to pursue a
contract that does not relate to that routg. Under
all these circumstance^ I think the attempt to put
it on this bill isjiot really a very great friendship
to the bill; but at any rate, it is not germane to it,
in no way amending it, and is entirely an inde-
pendent and substantive matter.
Mr. WILKINSON. In case this amendment
should be adopted, suppose these parties should
come in and underbid to the cxtentof §50,000 
Mr. COLLAMEB.. There is to be no bidding
on your proposition.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understand that; but
suppose they should under the original bill, under-
bid any other parties who should seek to obtain
the contract to transfer the mail from New York
to Brazil, and should connect their line, branch-
ing off at the island of St. Thomas, and run not
only with profit, so far as the carrying of the
mails was concerned,but should succeed in open-
ing trade with two countries instead of one. I
suppose that these parties who have entered into
this contract with Venezuela, if this amendment
should be adopted, will enter into competition
with the other parties who have been instrumental
in urging this bill upon Congress. I suppose the
real truth is, that those parties fear that these
others may come in and underbid them on that
contract if they are backed up by this proposition
to open a trade with Venezuela, connecting at the
island of St. Thomas. But if the Senate should
overrule this amendment, I have another propo-
sition to offer which will, perhaps, meet all the
(Ejections of the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
The honorable Senator says that we want to
open this matter to competition. We all know
very well that it will not be open to competition
very much; that the parties under his bill will
enter into an arrangement, and I doubt very much
whether it has not been done already; whether
negotiations have not already been entered into
between certain men who wish to put on a line
of steamers there with the agents of the Brazil-
ian Government for the very purpose of gettihg
hold of the contract with th^tGovernmentso that
no other parties unless they can get a contract
or enter into spme stipulations can come in and
bid in competition with these men. If my amend-
ment is not right, if it does not meet the case ex-
actly, the honorable Senator may propose an
amendment to it. If it is right to open a-trade
■with the empire of Brazil is it not equally right
to open a trade with Venezuela from which we
are importing coffee and many other of the ne-
cessaries of life and for which we have to pay
them in gold? I hope the amendment will be
adopted. I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays39; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Couness, Davis, Harding,
Howard, Howe, Lone of Indiana, Nesmitb, Powell, Ram-
sey, Richardson, and Wilkinson—19,
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Clark,
Oollainer, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foor,
Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Hariis, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Willey, and Wilson—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Hale, Hicks, Lane of
Kansas, MeDougall, Riddle, Wade, and Wright—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILKINSON. I have hero an amend-
ment that obviates all the objections which the
Senator from Vermont raised to my previous
proposition. It is to add as a new section to the
bill:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is liereliy, authorized and empowered to unite
with the Genera! Government of Venezuela, or such officer
of that Government as ha  been oi may be duly authorized
to act for that Government, m establishing direct commu-
nication between the two countries by means of a semi-
monthly line of fiist-class steamship*, of not less than six
bundled tons burden, to run and carry the mails between
La Guayra and such other Venezuelan port or ports as may
be deemed expedient, and the port of St. Thomas, con-
necting with the steamers of the main line herein estab-
lished ; and he is hereby authorized and empowered to
divert from the amount hoiem appropriated a sum sufficient
to defray the expense thereof: Provided, The same does
not e*ced the sum of $10,000 per annum ; and he is further
empowered to entei into a contract for that purpose, to
submit to or accept from the Government of Venezuela
proposals for the .same, in the same manner and under the
same restnctionsas are herein contained, so far as the same
may lie applicable, in relation to the main line to Brazil:
Provided further, That the period for advertising for pro-
j Jio>-als fertile seiviee created by this section shall term-
inate on or before the 25th day ot J une next.
This amendment does not increase the appro-
priation; it merely proposes to divert a portion of
it to the line to Venezuela. I do not see any ob-
jection to this unless perhaps it may be to the
taking of $40,000 out of the pockets of those who
expect to get and who will receive the contract
for the line to Brazil. That is all the effect it can
have. It certainly takes not one dollar from the
Treasury of the United States. It also obviates
the other objection which^the honorable Senator
from Vermontraised to my otheramendment, that
it was granting a subsidy to a particular party. I
hope this amendment will be adopted, because if
we enter upon the policy of encouraging trade
with the South American Governments, let us be
equally liberal with a free Government and a free
republic as with a slave empire. For my part,
Mr. President, I am not over-anxious to encour-
age the Government of Brazil; but if this policy
is to be adopted, let us encourage a republic, and
a free republic, instead of encouraging a slave-
holding empire in South America.
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not come here to-
day prepared on a subject of this kind to enter
into a discussion of the question of slavery. It is
new to me to ha^j that question brought in on
all occasions, and into matters of commerce and
trade. It has no connection whatever with the
bill, and can only be brought in for effect. _
1 again call attention to the fact that this bill
was very fully considered in the House of Rep-
resentatives before it was passed by that body.
It is a bill to set up steam communication with
Brazil. The Senator from Minnesota agrees to
the propriety of it. It is so good that he wishes
to put upon it a project of his own or of some of
his friends, so as to make that project go through
by the force of this to which he professes to be
friendly. The subsidy fixed in the bill for a steam
line between this country anil Brazil, the distance
being over five thousand miles, is exceedingly
low, ohly $150,000 For a year:'! We have limited
it to that, though we allow bidders to come 'ih
and make proposals within that limitation. This
Senator's proposition now is to take off $40,000
of that money and use it for setting up ft line to
Venezuela. The exact form in which his amenefc-
ment has been drawn I have not had time to con-
sider, having heard it read but once, ahdnot- Hav-
ing seen it. I believe that the Senator says the
line is to be put up to competition, but I did not
hear any provision of that kind in the amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. It provides that the lifie
is to be let under the same restrictions and limit;
ations as the main line in the original Bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. But without talking about
that, what is it that the gentleman proposes > It
is this substantially: " The bill is good; the pol-
icy ought to be sustained; the connection with
Brazil ought to be set up, and tht bill is rightly-
drawn for that purpose; but now I want to set
up another separate enterprise; and I desire, in
order to recommend it to the Senate on the ground
that it will not cost the Government anything, "to
take |40,000 out of the amount provided by the
bill for that purpose." That is it. It is that the
low amount fixed in the,hill shall be reduced
$40,000, in order to set up some other enterprise,
and thus defeat the whole. I do not wish to say
aifything more about it.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendment agreed to was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to" be read a third time. The
bill was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. On the passage of the bill I
desire to have the yeas and nays. I am not sat-
isfied that at this time the country is prepared to
embark in an enterprise of this sort, and pay out
$150,000 a year for the establishment of a steam
line between this country and Brazil. I desire,
therefore, to record my name against it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr.- TRUMBULL. I stated the other day
why I thought this bill ought not to pass. I have
no disposition now to repeat what I then said,\
further than to call the attention of Senators to
what the bill is—I hope sufficient attention has
been paid to it—to see that we are about embark-
ing in an enterprise which may involve the coun-
try in many millions of dollars. I submit whether,
if it be proper at any time for the Government of
the United States to undertake to maintain steam
communication by appropriations from the Treas-
ury between this country and foreign nations,
this is the proper time. I doubt the policy of it
at any time. We once undertook it in a time of
peace and failed and gave it up; and nowitis pro-
posed in the midst of a war requiring all the en-
ergies'of this people and Government to raise the
necessary means to cany it on, to embark in a
scheme of ocean steamships to South America,
and to appropriate money to initiate the enterprise'
;it thistime. I hope the Senate will notpass this
bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall occupy the time of
the Senate but for a moment. I am a little sur-
prised at the remarks of the honorable'Senator
from Illinois. We did once enter upoh this policy,
and we entered upon it in a very different manner
from that in which we propose to enter upon it
now. We gave a subsidy to a particular line, to
a particular man, and for a particular service.
The difference between that policy and this is,
that here we propose exposing this service to the
competition of our people by. giving the subsidy
to be granted to the lowest responsible bidder
I follow the remark of the Senator from Illinois,
that we once established this policy and we aban-
doned it, by saying that jve did abandon it, and
when we abandoned it we abandoned the com-
merce of the world to the English and French.
The commerce of our time iscarried by steam,
and the oceans and seas of the world are occupied
by the steamships of other nations and not ours.
We complain because there is to be a grant made
of $150,000 annually. Why, sir, your quarter-
master's department in any section of the coun-
try, I venture to say, consumes ten times the
amount without any account being made of it.
If we are to be restricted in our national policy,
in a policy comprehending the trade ana com-
merce of the-country, by considerations of this
kind, I submit that this is not the time, though
we be engaged in a war, to impose that restric-
tion. I hope that this bill will pass.
