1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE^
1#?
The Clerk read, as follows*
Sec. 63. Jind be it further enacted, That the Bank of
Commerce, in tlie city of New York, may, and authority
is hereby grunted to the said bank to, become a national
association under this act; and in &uch ease the articles
of association, and the organization certificate required by
this act, may be executed by a majority of the directors of
said hank. And a majority of the directors,after executing
said aitielo.-i of association, and oiganization certificate,
shall have power to execute all other papers and do what-
ever may be required to make its organization perfect and
complete as a national association; and the directors afore-
said may be the directois of the association until others are
elected ot appointed, in accoidanee with the provisions of
it? present articles oi association as a State hank; and the
personal liability of the shareholders for any contract,debt,
or cngageimnt of the association shall be the ,«ame as under
its present articles of association as a State bank. And
when the (Jomptioller fdiall give to t uch association a cei-
tificate, under his hand and official seal, that the provisions
of this act have been complied with, and that it is author-
ized to commence the business of banking under it, the
Biiid association thai! have the same powers and puvilcgi-s,
and s-hall be subject to the same duties, responsibilities.,
and rules, in all respects, except as aforesaid, as is pre-
scribed in this act for other associations organized under
it, and shall be heid and regarded as an association under
this act.
Mr. RANDALL,of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, any one who will carefully examine the
section which has just been read by the Clerk,
and the amendment moved by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] cannot fail to see
that the latter is for thepurpose of accomplishing
all that was designed by the former. It cannot
be successfully denied that this amendment, if
adopted, will bring the "Bank of Commerce of the
city of New York under the provisions of this
bill. What is accomplished by the sixty-third
section, can in like manner be accomplished by
the amendment; and the conclusion is inevitable
that the pending proposition was the result of the
Committee, of Ways and Means becoming satis-
fied of the hostility in the House to this special
and pet legislation. Now, sir, for the purpose of
showing what is the precise effect of this amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hooper,] it will be necessary for me to refer to
the powers and privileges of that corporation, the
Bank of Commerce of the city of New York, and
like corporations. I have only five minutes, and
I will be compelled to be as brief as possible,
with regard, however, to a clear understanding
of thesubject. in the first place, the continuance
of the bank is provided for until 1889. Then the
directois hold office during good behavior, or until
they cease to hold one hundred shares of stock.
You will observe that that makes it a close cor-
poration. It is provided, further, that the direct-
ors shall continue in office and reelect themselves.
What next? Why, sir, power is given to es-
tablish the banking business in the city of New
Yoik or elsewhere. I call the attention of mem-
bers particularly to that provision. It gives them
a roving commission to establish themselves any-
where as a banking association. That will be
found in the third article, sixth section, of the
charter of tlut bank.
Then, sir, it is further declared that the stock-
holders shall not interfere with the directors.
[I-Iere the hammer fell.]
Mr. GrRlNNELL. 1 move that the gentleman
have leave to proceed. [Cries of "Agreed !"]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move to
Amend the amendment by striking out the last
iwo words. The stockholders and directors are
exempt from all individual liability for any con-
tact ur debt or  
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to a point of order.
We must some time get through with this bill;
and when gentlemen move to strike out the last
word of a section or amendment, I shall insist
upon their speaking to the amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, ofPennsylvania. I am nearly
through.
Mr. STEVENS. I raise the point upon my
colleague, because I mean to take the same course
with every gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I was say-
ing that the stockholders and directors are ex-
empt from all individual liability for 
Mr. STEVENS. I call the gentleman to order,
because he is not speaking to his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
moved an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then his time is out, and he
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. He is speaking by unan-
imous consent of the committee*
Mr. STEVENS. When unanimous consent
wps asked I rose and objected.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, Thestock-
holders 
Mr. BOUT WELL. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the committee cannot give unanimous
consent. It is a rule of the House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. What is
the decision upon that point?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
Provided, however, That the stockholders of all other
banking associations organized under this act shall not be
personally liable lor ail amount exceeding the value of their
stock.
Mr. STEVENS. Perhaps the gentleman from
Massachusetts does not know that the question
has not yet been taken upon his colleague's
amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. This is an amendment to that
amendment.
The CHAFRMAN. The amendment is in
order.
Mr. STEVENS. This same provision is now
a part of the bill.
Mr. ALLEY. Notatall. The gentleman says
that this same provision is now in the bill. _ On
page 10, section twelve, is found this provision:
The shareholders of each ft^oeiation formed under the
piovisions ot thi^ act, and of each bank <>i bank-
ing association that may accept the provisions ot thus act,
shall be heid individual!} rt-hpon-ible, equally and l.itably,
and not one for another, for all contracts, debts, and en-
gagement-. of su'di association to the extent ofilu' amount
of "their slock therein at the pai value thereof, in addition
to the amount invested m &uch shares.
The reading of that section shows that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is mistaken in his con-
struction of the bill. I intended to have moved
the amendment while that twelfth section was
under discussion, but I happened to beout when
that section was passed upon, and this is the
earliest opportunity I have had to make the mo-
tion I now submit. And I will way that 1 do not
object to the amendment of my colleague, provided
thisaddiUonai amendment isadopted. If it'isnot
adopted I am entirely opposed to his amendment,
for, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
stated, it is but the repeal of the sixty-third sec-
tion. That is all it amounts to. Now, what is the
sixty-third section r That exempts the Bank of
Commerce of the city of New York, an institu-
tion with $10,000,000 of capital, I think, from this
personal liability clause.
The gentleman's amendment also.gocs further.
It exempts all similar institutions. In that 1
think jt is an improvement on section sixty-three,
which, of course, if hi* amendment prevails, will
be stucken out. But I think we should go fur-
ther still, and exempt all stockholders from per- j
sonal liability beyond the amount of stock which j
they own. 1 am opposed to making any distinc- j
tion in favor of any class of stockholder, and I 1
believe also this House is opposed to any suchj
proposition. Such manifest inequality and injus- j
ticeI cannot believe will be tolerated by this House, j
i cannot believe this House will consent to exempt j
such a mammoth institution from such a provis- i
ion, and hold all the stockholders m all the '
smaller associations throughout the country to a
ri^id adherence to that provision. But 1 am op-
posed to the whole principle of stockholdersMia-
bility where the redemption of the bills is provided
for by ample security. lam opposed to holding
stockholders liable in any c-asc cxccpt to protect
bill-holders, bocause I believe it works gross in-
justice, and is a great hardshipupon stockholders
generally. In my own State of Massachusetts
we have a similar provision in our banking law,
but it extends only to the protection of the bill-
holders. It never was conceived of tn that State
that the depositors should be protected in this
way by holding the property of the stockholders
liable, for the stockholders have not as good an
opportunity for protecting themselves against the
mismanagement of the banks as the depositors
have, for the reason that the depositors are gen-
erally men of business and are conversant with
the operations of the banks with which they deal,
and know generally whether the banks are well
conducted or not, or at least they have an oppor-
tunity to know.
[Here the hammer foil.]
Mr. ALLEY. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 object to its beipg with-
drawn, and I shall object in future to the with-
drawal of any amendments. I want to get fen
with the bill.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I am opposed to tfeg
amend men t of the gen tleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley,] not because I do ftbt consider it ail
improvement o-n the amendment of his colleague,
[Mr. Hooper,] but because, in my judgment,"it
strikes out of the original bill a feature which Uf
very important to the security of those who riiay
be so unfortunate as to have' any conn4£tiorr wkn
these institutions, or who may be so fortunate ap
to have money that they desire to deposit sotrte-
where for safe-keeping. I think the provision of
the original bill on this subject is right. I be-
lieve that in a bill of this character we ought t6
make the shareholders in banks responsible not
only to the amount of their stock but make them
individually liablq for the correct management of
all the money that may come into their hands;
we ought to make them personally liable, not
only for the redemption of their paper, but also
for the safe-keeping of the deposits committed to
their care, and for all bills of exchange drawn
upon them.
I am opposed, therefore, to the amendment'of
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley]
for the reason that it reduces the extent of their
liability; and for the same reason I am opposed
to the amendment ofhis colleague, [Mr. Hoopek.}
It proposes to confer upon certain corporations
privileges which will not be enjoyed by the great
mass of the corporations that go to banking un  .
dor the provisions of this bill.* It is an indirect
mode of obviating an objection which was certain
to arise against the sixty-third section of this bill.
Sir, inmanyof these incorporations there are pro-
visions which do not render the directors orshare-
holders individually liable for anything; and this
amendmentef the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] is an attempt to permit those bank-
ing corporations that are protected by their arti-
cles of association from this personal liability to
come in and enjoy the benefits conferred by this
bill upon those engaged in banking, and at the
same time relieve them from the liability imposed
on the great mass of the institutions that may be
organized under this bill, or may come in under
it, organized under the laws of the several States.
I do not understand how the Bank of Com*
mcice, or any other bank of like capital, can have
the hardihood to come into this House and ask
that they may be permitted thus to enjoy the ben-
efits of the bill without incurring the same liabil-
ities that you impose upon other similar institu-
tions throughout the country.
I repeat, then, that I am utterly opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Alley,] which reduces this liability; and
also to tlie amendment of his colleague, [Mr.
Hooper,] which seeks to enable the Bank of
Commerce and similar institutions to enjuy the
benefits conferred by this bill, while they are ex-
empt from the liabilities that you impose upon the
other banking institutions of the country.
Mr. ALLEY. I propose to modify my amend-
ment by striking out the last clause of it, so that
it will read:
Provided, houever, That the stockholders of ail other
banking associations organized under this act shall not be
personally liable.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I move to amend theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] by striking out all after the word 44 as-
sociation" m the sixth line, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following:
And the provisions of the charters of such banks granted
under State authorities shall be forthwith annulled.
Mr. Chairman, my reason Tor offering this
amendment is that I am perfectly willing to let
the State banks become national banks, but I want
to have them cease to be State banks the moment
they bccorne national banks. l^o not want to
have an association that shall be neither the one
nor the other, but such an admixture the,
that it will be difficult to see where to take horn
of it when you want to do anything with it. «
is financial miscegenation. [Laughter.! lam op-
posed to that kind of amalgamation, and as at least
