1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
one half of the House are opposed to all kinds of
amalgamation, I suppose that half at least ought
to be opposed to this.
'Mr, HOLMAN. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the effect of his amendment-would
not be to repeal the charters of these State banks,
and whether he recognizes the power in Congress
to do that?
Mr. BROOM^LL. The operation of it is in-
tended to be just this, that the moment a State
bank becomes a national bank and is incorporated
under the provisions of this bill, it ceases to be a
State bank: altogether.
I will give in short my reasons why I do not
like this mixing of jurisdictions and of laws.
Any one who will reflect on the cuiious kind of
compound such a bank would be will see at once
that there is reason in my objection. Iam not
willing that Congress shall enact a law which a
State Legislature may repeal, and a State Legis-
lature may repeal the charter of one of its own
banks the moment that bank undertakes to be-
come a national bank. 1 am anxious that we
shall provide for its becoming wholly national, so
that when the State leg i3 knocked from under it
it may not fall.
But I am opposed to the amendment on an-
other ground, and a material ground. I wantall
the national banks to be on the same footing.
This section is intended to give special privileges
to certain banks. I am unwilling to do that.
While I want them to be national banks I want
them to be wholly so. i am not willing for them
to come under our wing and become national
banks, retaining whatever they choose of their
own State privileges, aw this amendment provides
for, and as, indee<|  the section in part seems to
provide for. I am opposed to the section, but
not if it be amended m the manner proposed by
me. I want my amendment incorporated in the
section in order that these banks may become
wholly national banks, and may be on the foot-
ing with all other national banks.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Chairman, when I made an
effort the other day to lessen the rate of interest
that these banks could take, so as to allow banks
to take the rate of interest allowed by the States
in which they are placed, I was told that it was
contrary to the plan of this bill, which is to pro-
vide a uniform currency, and that the currency
could not be uniform unless every paitand parcel
of this banking bill, in all its epilations, was uni-
form. I suppose it is in pursuance of that uni-
formity that the gentlemen who have this bill m
charge pioposc now to incorporate associations
in all the States as they happen to be made up,
like the Bank of Comiuoi ce 0( any othei banking
institution, however exclusive Us privileges may
be or however obnoxious any of the provisions
of its charter may be, or however long it may
have been in opciation. Whatever may be the
condition of the association, it is incorporated,
by this sweeping amendment, if I understand it,
in this bunking bill; and if so, it would have as
many colors as the celebrated coat of antiquity.
The question was taken on Mr. Broomall's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BROWN,of Wj.scon.sin. I move to amend
Ihe amendment by striking out all after the fust
word. I wish to ascertain what (lie precise ob-
ject ol the amendment if?. I believe,.so far as this
House is concerned, that the best way of moving
toward any point is in straight lines; and when-
ever an amendment is proposed, I think it is due,
in candor, to the committee, that those who oiler
it or sustain it w ill let us know its precise obj' ct.
1 would ask the gcnilenian who proposes'this
amendment what banks there aie to which this
amendment applies. Ifihoreare no banks to which
it is to apply, it is better not to have the legisla-
tion. if the gentleman will answer that question
■—as to what banks this amendment is toapply 
ho will afford me a picce of information which
will perhaps affect my own action, and perhaps
affect the action of others.
Air. HOOPER. I am leady to give the gen-
tleman any information I have on that subject.
I know of no bank but the Bank of Commeice
m New York tfmt would be affected by u. That
bank has been one of the most loyal institutions
of the country. It has done more to sustain the
Government, since the rebellion commenced than
any other bank, its directors are desirous of
coming in under this law, but by its articles of as-
sociation no personal liability beyond the amount
of the investment in the stock can be put upon
the stockholders. That is one of the fundamental
articles of the association. The bank cannot come
in under any arrangement that increases the
liability of stockholders. It has a capital of
$10,000,000 paid up, and I believe it to be useful
to bring that bank under the provisions of this
bill.
"Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Then will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him one further question?
Why does he not abide by the sixty-third sec-
tion of the bill, which provides for this very bank ?
Why does he not do that rather than attempt a
general amendment, which implies upon "its fa'ce
that there are other objects to whic.h the legisla-
tion of the House will apply?
Mr. HOOPER. I will remark to the gentle-
man that it is a mere matter of taste. My only
reason for it was that this was a general law, and
that this should be a general provision applying
to any of the banks. As I have already stated,
I am not aware that it would apply to any other
than the Bank of Commerce. If it is adopted I
shall propose tostnkeout the sixty-third section,
which makes a special provision for that bank.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I am not dis-
posed to doubt anything the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts says in regard to the merits
of this particular bank; but for one, I believe in the
principle established in this bill,of personal lia-
bility, and I do not believe in any exceptions to
be made towaid any capitalists or any corpora-
tion. 1 can select individuals whom I know per-
sonally, to .whose mere word, to whose honor, to
whose judgment and skill as bankers I would
yield more of respect, more of faith, more of
credit, than 1 would to any corporation, without
the individual liability clause, formed under this
law.
Now, sir, when Congress passes laws it passes
them in regard to a whole class. It passes them
with a view of reaching general interests. I think
thus to establish a rule here which will apply to
a great majority of individuals, and then to make
an exception, will, by its very terms, seem to
imply a censure upon all others who may come
in and claim the same degree of loyalty, the same
degree of honesty, and the same degree of merit.
I think it would be highly improper.
Mr. STEBBINS. 1 lise to oppose the amend-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, whateverdmibtexists in regard
to the merits of the law of 1863, it strikes my un-
derstanding that there should be but little doubt
ill the future under a new system as to the pro-
pi icty of incorporating in the law of 1863 or in
the bill now before the House the amendment
offered by my colleague on the Committee of
Ways and Means.
I understand the object of this hill to be to per-
fect the existing law, the law of 1863,w hich during
the past year has been shown to be ineffectivb
and inoperative. The sixty-four sections of the
bill now before the House- are the result of the
thoughtful deliberations and reflections of the
Comptroller of the Currency for the past year.
Lie submits them to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the Committee of Ways and Means
to a sub-committee. The sub-cortimittec report,
after thoughtful care, on these suggestions, and
artive at the conclusion that in order to perfect
the law of [863, these amendments are necessary.
I regard this bill, therefore, as nothing more than
an act ameihiatory of that law to make if, efficient
and opeiaiive; and hence 1 have voted for every
one of these amendments of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and shall continue to do so,
and jf I am here when the vote is taken, I shall
vote for the bill. I will not perpetuate a law m
all of its recognized deformity. I will not perpetu-
ate a law that arrays in direct antagonism to itself
another system—the present local State system
—which is existing side by side and must con-
tinue to exist with the other.
I can regard this in no other way than as an
effort on the part of Congiess to render efficient
a Idw now inopeiative; and hence I feci it to be
my duty to vote for it. It becomes necessary in
oider to make it effective that the local bank in-
tcresls shall be properly protected and concil-
iated. One of the first difficulties we meet with
is in regard to the Bank of Commerce. It is a
large and powerful corporation of $10,000,000.
It exists under the laws of the State of New York.
It has a large deposit line. It has a brilliant rec-
ord in finance. It has a capital of $10,000,000,
with the right to increase it to $20,000,000, and
further to §50,000,000". Therefore, if it is left out
to operate under the action of State laws, it is
clear that:in three or four years it may be found
in a condition of antagonism to this system you
are endeavoring to establish, and be a very heavy
impediment in the way of this law.
That is one of the reasons why I feci it is the
duty of Congress to gather within the provisions
of this bill such a corporation as the Bank of
Commerce. But I beg leave to call the attention
of the committee to one of the sections in its or-
ganic law, the articles of association, to show, no
matter what may-be the feelings of the Bank of
Commerce, it would be utterly impossible forthem
to pass under the general law, and that it must
necessarily pass into liquidation unless it is taken
within the limits of this law. The article to which
I particulaily wish to refer is this-  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto-the following:
And that all the powers and privileges conferred by the
sixty-third section ot tlusact upon the Bank of Commeice
in the city of New York, on becoming a national associa-
tion, with the exemption horn individual liability of >hnre-
holdcrs, shall be extended to all other institutions organized
under tins act^
I concur in most of the remarks of the gentle-
man fiom New York, but I would extend this
provision to all otherbanks. I see no reason why
this provision should be given to the Bank of
'Commerce when it is impolitic or unwise to ex-
tend it to other similar institutions. If the prin-
ciple itself is wrong then it ought not to be adopted
and applied to the Bank of Commerce. My col-
league said, or I understood him to say, that the
Bank of Commerce was probably the only insti-
tution that would be affected by that provision.
He stated further that it was impossible for the
Bank of Commerce to organize under this actun-
less this provision is inserted. Now, if it is im-
possible for the Bank of Commerce to organize
under this act without this provision, then 1 think
there may be some force in the arguments which
have been educed in favor of extending this privi-
lege to that bank alone. But I do not so under-
stand it. I understand the Bank ot Commerce
occupies precisely the same position that any
other institution does that is already organized
under State laws. That it is more important to
that institution on account of its magnitude, on
account of its complicated interests, on account of
its extended connections, to have such a provision
as this applied to it, I admit; but that it is abso-
lutely impossible for that bank to organize under
this law i do not believe, any more than that it is
impossible for other institutions of a similar char-
> acter to do it. Therefore I am opposed to making
this exception in favor of tins bank.
I believe that if the members of this House
rightly apprehend the ( ffect of this liability clause
they would ccrfainly repeal the provision ma-
king stockholders liable beyond the amount of
their stock. Who aic protected by the law as
itstandsnow? Nobody but the depositors. You
have piovided that the billholdeis are to be pro-
tected. Who ought to be protected but the bill-
holders? You make the stockholders, who, m my
State, so far as the banking institutions are con-
cerned, are more than one third, as the statistics
show, composed of widows, orphans, and trustees
of trust funds, responsible and personally liable
f$K double the amount of their .stock under this law
as it now stands. And to protect whom ? The
depositors, and nobotiveise. And who are they?
They arc the business men; the men who receive
favots fiom those institutions; men who of all
others have the best opportunity for knowing
what is going on inside of banks and of protect-
ing themselves if they choose to do so. And these
innocent stockholders who have no voice in the
management of the bank, and who are not in any
way responsible morally for the mismanagement
ofthc institution, not only lose all their stock but
are compelled to pay double the amount for the
protection of these individuals.
Now, 1 cannot believe that this House means
to be so unjust to these innocent stockholders as
