2374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Mr. COLLAMER. I made some remarks the
other day in relation to the nature and character'
of this enterprise, and I do not* expect to com-
mand attention to any long remarks about it n<jw.
I do not believe in the idea that we are to aban-
don all possibility of doing any good by any sort
of legislation except as connected with this war.
We may still be of"some use to the country. The
enterprise which is now proposed is the most fa-
vorableonejand is recommended by men who best
understand the commerce of the country as being
the one which we can initiate with the least ex-
pense and which promises the greatest advantage
to the country. On that point I will present a
comparative statement from the statistics in rela-
tion to Brazil.
In 1851, at the time when the British set up
their steam line to Brazil, their exports to Brazil
amounted to $17,593,420; in 1360, after their steam
line had been in operation eight years, their ex-
ports to Brazil were $22,233,880. The exports into
GreatBritain from Brazil were in 1851 ยง14,468,755;
and in .I860, when they were carrying to Brazil
about $5,000,000 more than in 1851, their imports
from Brazil were $11,345,900, being a decrease of
$3,122,855 since 1851, making the difference in
favor of Great Britain in that trade (or that period
of eight years $7,763,315. y '
Now compare our tiade with Brazil with that
of England and see how it stands. In 1851 wc
imported from Brazil $12,525,304 and in 1860
$21,214,803, making an increase of $9,689,499, or
over $1,000,000 per year, in 1860 we imported
from Brazil $21,214,803 when the English im-
ported but $11,000,000. In 1851, when the Brit-
ish carried to'Brazil $17,000,000 of their manu-
factures and supplies, we carried $3,000,000. The
comparative difference against us m that period of
time on our trade with Brazil was $6,873,220,
whereas the gain to England in the same time on
her trade with Brazil was $7,763,315. When the
English line to Brazil commenced we stood very
near on an equal footing with them in the trade
with Brazil, and now we see the result. We take
coffee from Brazil and pay for it by drafts on Lon-
don, and we have to send the gold there to meet
them. The British pay for their goods from us
in that manner, so that the amount of it is that
we pay for their manufactured goods instead of,
their taking them from us, in consequence of
there being free, constant, and reliable intercourse
between England and Brazil. That is all there is
to it. Now, the question is, must we endure this
throughout the world and forever to the destruc-
tion of our commerce?
Mr.HOWARD. I call for the orderofthc day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must call up the order of the day at this hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. Cannot a vote be'taken
on this bill?
Mr.CONNESS. I hope we shall come to a vote,
Mr. COLLA.MER. 1 do not wish to take un
more time. Let us vote.
Mr. HOWARD. I am willing to yield for the
purpose of allowing a vote to be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This billmny
be proceeded with by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the Senatorfrom Vermont when hereadsthese
tables and tells us how much our commerce with
Brazil has fallen off 
Mr. COLLAMER. No; how much the bal-
ance is against us.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire if ho
is quite certain that it is all owing to the fact that
we have got no line of steamers to Brazil.
Mr. COLLAMER. I verily believe so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator believes that,
and he supposes that other circumstances regu-
lating the commerce of the world may not have
entered into this, but that it is all owing to the
fact that we have not had a line of steamers. I
am not disposed to take up time by going into a
discussion of such a question, but 1 suppose there
may be a thousa-nd causcs which increase or di-
minish the intercourse between different nations,
other than simply the convenience or advantage
which one nation may have over another by hav-
ing a line of steamers.
X am not disposed to protract this matter. My
only object was to call the attenti^ of the Senate
to the bill, that every Senator may decide for
himself whether he believes that this is the time
to embark in a scheme like this, which is the in-
itiation, we are told, of a larger scheme.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman puts his,
question to me as if he desired an answer. Now,
I can inform him that I have before me a letter
fiom our former con'sul at Rio Janeiro, stating
that the reason is what I have assigned; and I
believe, on that point, I may appeal to the per-
sonal knowledge of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buckalew,] who has been
there,and who has been familiar personally with
the condition of affairs in Brazil and of our trade
with that country. If the Senator from Illinois
would look over the book to which I have re-
ferred him before and which 1 have before me,
the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
New York on this subject, it must present the
question to him or any man who will condescend
to examine it in such a manner as to show that
this very thing is essentially and mainly the oc-
casion of the balance of trade being so greatly
against us.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Illinois
asked the question why we should embark in
this policy at this moment. There is one reply
which I choose to give now. We are about to
impose additional taxation upon the country. We
need all the resources we can command in our
Treasury; and in order to enlarge those resources
we must in every practicable way enlarge our
commerce. The Senator from Vermont has, by
his statistics, very happily explained to us that
at this moment we send to Brazil some six million
dollars a year and receive over twenty million.
Is not the Senator from Illinois desirous of filling
up that difference between six and twenty million
by exports from our country, thus saving our
gold at home, as the Senator from Vermont sug-
gests, and to that extent quickening our commerce
and enlarging the field of its operations, and by
quickening our commerce and enlarging the field
of its operations also enlarging the field of taxa-
tion? I allude to that now because the Senate
will in a few days enter upon the consideration
of the subject of taxation. We shall be looking
around to find new sources of income, and now
I suggest one very considerable source of income
which we can open by a very slight advance of
our commerce.
The Senator from Illinois, however, inquires
whether we are sure that by establishing a line
ofsteamerswe slmll enlarge-our commerce. 1
do not know that anybody can reply positively
to that question, but the reasonable inference is,
if we follow at all what has occurred in England,
wo shall in that way enlarge our commerce. I
believe we shall enlarge it very considerably. In
point of fact, Brazil and the United States, owing
to the absence of any steam line of communica-
tion, are now very far apart. The ordinary way
of reaching Brazil at this moment from New York
is by way of Europe. Only last week, the Bra-
zilian minister, leaving Washington on his return
to his own country, was obliged to go via Europe;
and our own minister there, when he left here
some three years ago, went in the same way, via
Europe.
It seems that the considerations in favor of this
comparatively small outlay, when I consider the
great good that may be secured, arc unanswer-
able.
Mr. GRIMES. The book to which the Sen-
ator from Veimont referred the Senator from Il-
linois, namely, the memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of New York, not only proposes to
establish this line, as I understand, but proposes
also to establish one to Australia, and a direct line
to China and Japan. If it be a substantial reason
in favor of the establishment^ this line of steam-
eis that our minister to Brazil is compelled to find
his port of destination at present through Eng-
land, is it not as substantial a reason in favor of
establishing a line to Japan, because Mr. Pruyn
is now obliged to go to Japan viaSuez or Egypt,
or some other foreign country? It seems to me
that the same argument that the Senator from
Massachusetts applies to the case of Brazil would
apply with equal force to the cases of China and
Japan, for neither Mr. Burlingame nor Mr.
fjruyn can go to Canton or Jeddo by an Amer-
ican line of steamers.
But, sir, what I rose for jKis to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads whether if this bill passes, as doubt-
less it will, it is to be followed by another bill,
in pursuance of the recommendation of the New
York Chamber of Commerce, in favor of those
two other lines of steamers. I should like to
know before we vote upon this bill, and I think it
would be desirable for the Senate and the coun-
try to know, how far we are likely to carry it,
and what is likely to be the annual expenditure
of the Government'in this direction for the pur-
pose of promoting commerce, and, as he says,
keeping gold atljome.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will say that if the gen-
tleman will read the memorial through I fancy
he will hardly think that it will furnish occasion
for what seems to be rather a captious objection
to this bill. He looked to one page and found
one or two projects that he lays hold of. It is
not true that the Chamber of Commerce recom-
mend establishing all those lines at the present
time. They do recommend this one as being
one which can be done now, opening our com-
merce with a very importantcountry, and where
we may have a fair chance of getting in a great
measure the control of the trade. 'Kiey think
this is one that ought to be begun now; and when-
ever we have tried the experiment antlcan show
by our own experience from this litSe experi-
ment we make here that there is a reasonable
probability in a similar condition of things to en-
courage us to begin other enterprises, probably
we shall begin them, but not until we have tried
this.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am in favor
of this bill, and I am somewhat at a loss to see upon
what ground the honorable members on the other
side can consistently be opposed to it. They are
apprehensive, I am told, that the appropriation
may lead to still larger and more important appro-
priations in the end, and they are particularly op-
posed to it because of the time when this measuio
comes before us. Why, sir, we have passed bills
at this session for the benefit ofthe West, giving
millions and millions ofacres of land away, which
might be made a fruitful source of revenue, which
it has been proposed even now should be used ex-
clusively for the purpose of revenue. We have
now before us a bill to make a railroad from here
to the other ocean, and I think they are almost all
in favor of it, and that gives millions and millions
of acres more; and it not only does that, but it
pledges the credit of the Government for millions
and millions of dollars. That benefits the West,
the whole country between the two oceans. Why
should not the Atlantic be entitled to some favor?
I feel, nationally, Mr. President, that our coun-
try is somewhat in dishonor from the fact that
it has no ocean line of steamers. The experiment
that we made for a time inured very extensively
to the credit of the Government. It was perhaps
badly managed; but the effect of its abandonment
has been that the whole steam navigation upon
the ocean is in the hands of other Governments;
even the trade which we have between our own
country and England and France and Germany
is carried on exclusively by foreign steamers, not
only inuring greatly to the benefit of the propri-
etors of those steamers, but inuring still more to
the benefit of the countries themselves whose pa-
triotism and whose enlightened enterprise have
led them to foster those lines; and a.t this time it
would seem to me to be particularly appropriate
that we should make some effort to do something
for the commerce of the country. There is hardly
now upon the ocean an American vessel cariied
by wind and tide because of this war, and the
only chance we have is to encourage lines of
steamers beginning with the project recommended
by the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
who will be enabled to escape from the corsairs
ofthe sea that are depredating on our marine.
I do not know how other Senators feel, but I
repeat, Mr. President, that I feel somewhat de-
graded in a national sense when I remember that
the whole trade of the world, as far as it is car-
ried on by means of steam navigation, is in the
hands of other Governments. Here is an appro-
priation of $150,000 a year. What is that? We
are spending every day, for projects not calculated
even to do as much good as this is sure to effect,
twice that sum. I think it is no answer to say
that we have the war upon us. We are in a very
bad condition if we are not able to carry on this
war and protect our own commerce. We are un-
able to protect it upon the sea because of the mag-
