1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1399
to compel them to make up the losses of depos-
itors. It has been a cardinal principle, so far as
the banks of Massachusetts are concerned, that
the stockholders shall be liable for the piotection
of the biliholders to the extent of the stock taken.
That has been the understanding which has been
carried out by statutory enactments in the State
of Massachusetts for many years. It compels
the stockholders to protcct the biliholders to the
extent of the stock by each holder, but nothing
beyond.
Mr. STEBBINfSi I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts to imply from his remarks
that if he were satisfied that the Bank of Com-
merce could not under its articles of association
pass from a State into a national institution, he
would be willing to withdraw his objection to
this provision so far as-that bank is concerned.
Mr. ALLEY. The gentleman misunderstands
me. I am willing to make the principle suggested
applicable to all banks situated as that bank is,
applicable to all State banks. But the particular
porntto which I was speaking was that the stock-
holders of these banks ought to be protected
against the depositors, though not against the
biliholders.
Mr. STEBBINS. In respect to the position
of this particular bank, if the gentleman will listen
foramoment to the fourth section of article twelve
of the articles of association, he will ace that
for ail practical purposes it is entirely impossible
for the Bank of Commerce to comply with the
terms of this bill and bccome a national institu-
tion in consequence of its special provjsions in
regard to personal liability. The section to which
I have referred reads:
"Sue. 4. No ehanjre thnli bp maihj in th<*<c article, nnf
shall tin; diP'ctois consent to or accept any act of mcoi-
poration, or h'jn-lntivc piovision, \\ heiehy the rights, reme-
dies. or seeui ity of the cxi-tuig creditors of the association
eholl bo weakened or mtpaiied, or whereby any  haie-
holdei -"dial] Do jemlejcd lnble in his individual capacity
for any comiaet. debt, or engagement oftiie association."
Nbw, Air. Chairman, these articles of associa-
tion wcte adopted about the year 1839. Every
gentleman will see that under this section it is
impossible for the Bank of Commerce by its
board of directors to accept of any change under
which the obligations of the stockholders shall lie
changed, as they would be changed by accepting
the terms of this law, without the unanimous
consent of all the stockholders.
This institution has been in existence now for
about twenty-six years, and this is now its finan-
cial condition. In the first place there-are ovei
twenty-two hundred khurclioldeis; about on®
third of the capital stock is held to-day in the .cix
New England States; but there rue shareholders
all over the world;f hey are in England and France,
in the British provinces, in Gieece, in Asia, m
Mexico, m South America, in twenty States and
Territories of the United States, and in fact in
every part of the globe. There are over seven
hundred female stockholders, widows, oiphnns*
trusts, &c., in small sums, and to enable the bank
to accept the conditions of this law it would be
compelled to dissolve and pay to its shareholders
every dollar of their investment, and then reunite
only by fragmentaiy portions of its old share-
holders into a national bank, or to obtain the as-
sent of eveiy shareholder, in the event, then, of
the adoption of any legislation bt caking down the
State institutions, it is perfectly clear that the only
chance there is for this bank to continue to exir>t
is under this law, and m the adoption of some pro-
vision such as is provided for under this section.
Now, sir, I understand that the Bank of Com-
merce is perfectly satisfied with its condition as
a State institution; there is no special desire on
the part of the stockholders to accomplish any
change, hut that, at the same time, they are will-
ing to pass into the new law. They arc willing
to show by their example what they conceive to
be the vafue of this new national system. So
that it is a question whether it is not for the in-
terest of this Congress, in case they adopt such
a system as to make it impossible for this insti-
tution to coine undei its general piovi&ions, to
make an exception in this instance by which they
will obtain the influence which such an institution
would exert.
There is another ground on which I present
this question. This bank presents such a history
in respect to its balance sheets as no other bank
in this country, or perhaps any other in America,
will .show. Its balance sheet for March 23, 1864, |
exhibits the following condition of it:
Amount of loans and discounted hills..... $9,G86,059 96
Remaining part of New \ork ^tate
stock deposited with bank department
foi redemption of old ciiculating
notes  00
Less forsuch notesoutstand-
ing...        1,705 00
Balances with hankers in London and Paris,
cxelu-ive of premium of exchange 
Real estate, banking-house and lot 
Investments in United States securities, at
par, namely:
7 3-10 per cent. Treasury notes, con-
vertible into 6 per cunt, stock of
1881  $4,246,000 00
6 per cent, stock, payable
m 1861  3.987,000 00
6 per cent, stock, payable
in 3867 and 1868  152,000 00
5 per cent, stock, payable
i„ 1863./  90,000 00
5 pel ernr. interest-bear-
ing legal-lender Treas-
ury notes...  4,-126,000 00
5 p^r cent, cei titrates of
deposit  3.16H.OOOOO
Cash items, namely:
Notes of oilier banks and
checks  ,®6.062.904 50
United States legal-temiei
note*........       1,'.>1.1.^9 00
Oleaung-housG certificates--. 120.000 00
7,295 00
107,017 59
300,000 00
1'1,061,000 00
r,934.063 50
Specie belonirinc to tho
bank $1,122,530 00
Specie belong-
ing to depos-
itors  'HI 9i0 51
1,531,442 51
Expenses since 1st Januaiy, 1?64.
9,40's,5"0 01
12 Ml 01
$2f),G42,160 47
Capital stock. Full phaie- and ali paid up. .,<$10,000,000 00
Discount and lnidot since 1-t January,
1SG1. and niofits     1,192.04/ 9S
Deposits. Individual <'12 ysy.l j0 09
Do <H other banks... 3.0o0 184 10
Dividends unpaid 
At the pic-enf (Tinent met kei vnlu'' of tiie
United Plates stock* ami < 3-1') Trensuiy
notes, the pn-miumon them may juMh Lie
estimated at an amount exceeding one mil-
lion dollar, in addition to the prolix, as
shown in this "italeuieiiT. No ppmnim 2s
estimated on the gold belonging to the bank.
15.41V  M 19
29.FS5J '<J0
&2().ni2.!S0 •
Bank or Commerce in Nnv York, lirrch 21, 180).
l/OH^ A. STLVCX^, Pi anient.
Hi:\liy F. VAIL, C'xshier
The amount of loans and discounted hills is
about two million fix hundred thousand dollnr#.
Almost the entire balance of their capital nnd their
entneyinkin^ fund and some portion of their de-
poffiia to the omount of fifteen or sixteen million
doliais arc now invested in Government socuri- :
lies, nnd they Sshow themselves to-day to be ana- i
tional institution in the broadest and most gunei-
OUS ,sen.->u, nod that, is a thing which [ think this
House ou^ht to keep m view in settling n ques-
tion of thia eheractur.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question incurred on the amendment,.
Mr, J. C. ALLEN, t mo\e to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following:
Provvlcd, That noiiuutfhciein cmua-m-d ;-hallbe so eon-
Mined a^ to exempt such incoipnr<uioti« from general lia-
bility under the thirty-sixth section of this lull.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment simply
for the purpose of replying to the argument of the
gentleman from Now "Yoik [Mr. Stebbi.vs] m
favoi of exempting the Bank oI Commerce from
the liabilities which this bill imposes upon ah
other State banks proposing to come in under its
provisions. His argument is simply this, that
the Bank of Commerce litis become a powerful in-
stitution, controlling to a very coiibiderablc ex-
tent, and to an extent equal to any other bank in
the w uild, the finances of thccountry. He under-
takes to show that the reason why it cannot come
in under the provisions of this bill, subject to the^
liabilities imposed by tU is that the business of
the bank lias becomc so diffused and so extensive
that it is impossible foi them, to get, under their arti-
cles ofassocintion, the consent of the share holders.
Wclljsir.if that be true, it is no argument why
the. bank should he exempted from the liabilities
imposed upon other banks.
Mr. STEBBINS. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I cannot yield; I have not
time. ,•
Sir, if the shareholders reside in South Amer-
ica, or in China, or in other parts of the world,
that is no reason why their assent to this act can*
not be obtained, provided the shareholders them-
selves are willing to incur the liability provided
for in this bill, if tlicy are not willing to incur
that liability, and will not give their consent to
the directors, then thsy ought not to be permit-
ted to enjoy the benefits of this bill.
Sir, the bill is designed to hold out to these cor-
porations inducements tocomcin under this sys-
tem; and the benefits it confers are sufficient to
induce the shareholders, whereverthey may live,
to agree that the association shall come in and
organize under it.
It is no argument to say that by their articles
of association tliey cannot come ui without the
consent of the shareholders. That consent can
bo obtained if the shareholders are willing to in-
cur the responsibilities imposed by this bill. The
question is not as to the difficulty in obtainingtho
assent of the shareholders, but as to their readi-
ness to incur these responsibilities, because, l re-
peat, their assent can be obtained. It may bo
somewhat difficult, and may put them to some
trouble, to get the assent of the bhareholders; but
whether the shareholders be men or women, it
can bo obtained in tune. Let them bide their
time, and take the necessary steps to obtain that
consent, and then come 111 under the law, occu-
pying the same position aS the other corporations
of the country occupy tinder the law.
It is no argument in favor of -conferring upon
them exclusive privileges that, as the gentleman
says, they wield a capital of $20,000,000 now,
witii the right to increase it lo $50,000,000, to be-
comc a mammoth cot poration controlling the
G ivermnent and the whole monetary interests of
the country. They get their dividends twice a
year and enjoy all the benefits and privileges
which any other corporation enjoys, and you in-
vite them in under tins bill, subject to the same
liabilities that you impose oil other corporations.
1 take it for granted that the fact that they wield
■ such tiemendous power, such an enormous capi-
tal, is no reason why they should come in with
. exclusive [Hivileges under this bill and swallow
up and bieak down all the smaller institutions of
the coun'ry. It is an argument which cannot
stand the testof reason. It is an argumoptf rather
that these banks should not be permitted to come
,,i here with privilege s which do not pe-rtain to
other banking institutions in the country.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, Mr. Chairman, I
think it is well to understand the precise character
of the amendment that we are debating, and which,
I IIIiIlk, has been perhaps a little misapprehended.
It is not a provision of an exceptional character.
It is one to provide for a particular class of csSes.
livery case similar to that of the Batik of Com-
merce is eoverod by the amendment. It is not the
exception of the Bank of Commerce from the gen-
eral provisions applicable to other banks; it is the
'■ making a provision applicable to a class of cases.
Whether they aie ono or many is wholly lmnia-
; tonal to the question. It provides that when the
] articles of any association prohibit a particular
i article to be changed, that that article snail not be
' changed by any thing in this law. There happens
: to be in the articles of the Hank of Commerce one
iue.h provision. There may ho analogous provis-
ions in the articles of association of other banks.
| Wherever there is such a prohibition on the di-
; Vectors, to accept any act of incorporation or make
i any modification of their nrtf.ies, Hiatus protected
1 by the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
! ehusetts, [Mr. Hooper.] There is, therefore, no
' inequality, and there is no exception. Exception
, means to take one thing out of the class to which it
1 belongs. ,
i The question, therefore, is whether, since the
i Bank of Commerce cannot, under its existing ar-
, tides of association, accept the benefits or assume
the burdens of the national bank law, which we
• ' are about to pass, we will J live that cotP0™'?"
into liquidation, thereby losing the benefits of us
t immense power and its immense capital as a eup-
!, r>oit to the national organization that we are now
