1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CARL1LE. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
allow us to have a short executive session for the
purpose of having a document printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 28, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James Freeman Clarke, of Boston.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled bills of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 190) authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to appoint a commission to select
a site for a navy-yard or a naval station on the
western waters, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 199) relating to the compensa-
tion of pension agents; and
An act (S. No. 335) to carry into effect a con-
vention between the United States of America
and the United States of Colombia.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. JULIAN", from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 109, to ex-
pedite. the settlement of titles to lands in the State
of California, with the recommendation that it
do puss.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF TIIE SMITHSONIAN REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, submitted the following resolution, on
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies nf tlie report
of the Smithsonian Institution be pruned ; three thousand
fur the use ofttie Institution, and two thousand for the use
of the members of the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TIIE CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I desire, by
unanimous consent, to make an inquiry. I notice
that we have one volume of the census report al-
ready printed and delivered. By reading the in-
troduction 1 discover that it is the purpose of the
Superintendent of the Census to have atleastfive
volumes, and perhaps more. It is stated that it
is the design of the Superintendent to arrange the
several parts so that each of the great interests
shall be represented fully and completely by itself.
This one is in reference to population; then there
will be one for agriculture, another for manufac-
tures, and so on.
I am ready to concede that the work appears
well prepared, but if it is to be extended, involv-
ingas itdoes so large a sum, I submit that it is a
question which ought to be decided by Congress
and not by the Superintendent. Itinvolvcs a Targe
outlay of expenditure, much larger than ever be-
fore; and if we are to allow it to go on in this
way we shall only be able to take a ccntennial in-
stead of a decennial census. It is nowfouryears
since the census was taken, and we have butone
volume of the report printed. 1 ask the chairman
of the Committee on Printing whether I am cor-
16 Mr. A. "VV. CLARK. In answer to the gen-
tleman fro in Vermont, 1 will say that Mr. Ken-
nedy, the Superintendent, proposes to publish
the census report in four volumes:
1 Population, (printed;) 2. Agriculture, (in
press;) 3. Manufactures; 4. Mortality, Educa-
tion, Taxes, Crime, Wages, Religion.
Mr MORRILL. The introduction states, if I
can understand it, that there are to be five vol-
umes. I think it is as likely to exceed six as to
fall below five. I call the attention of the House
to the fact and there leave it, so that it may take
whatever action it pleases.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ho[>e we will have a report
from the Committee on Printing on the subject.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE REPORT.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That three thousand five hundred extra copies
of tiie report on tlie New York custom-house be printed for
the use of the members of this House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT ON NORTHEASTERN DEFENSES.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committeo on
Printing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That three thousand extra copies of the report
of the special committee on the northeastern defenses be
printed for the use of the House.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING INTERNAL REVENUE LAW.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be punted for the use of the mem-
ber«5 of tins House two thou aud extra copies of the inter-
nal revenue bill a  it passed, with marginal notes.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE S15NATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey,
its Cliief Clerk, informed the House that the Sen-
ate agreed to the amendments disagreed to by the
House to the bill of the House No. 494, to in-
crease the duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses, agreed to the conference asked by the
House, and had appointed Messrs. Fessenden,
Morgan, and Pomerot the committee of confer-
ence on the part of the Senate.
LOAN BILLS.
Mr. HOOPER. The bill of the House (No.
540) to provide ways and means for the support
of the Government, and for other purposes, has
been returned from the Senate with a few amend-
ments of an unimportant character. 1 ask that
the bill be taken up that we may act upon the
amendments of the Senate at this time.
No objection was made, and the bill whs taken
from t]ie Speaker's table.
The first amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
On [>n«c 4, at the end of line fifteen, add :
Except so far as it may affect tiie 875,000,000 of bonds
already adveithed.
Mr. PRUYN. I observe that it is stated in the
proceedings of the Senate that the ^75,000,000re-
ferred to, I suppose, in this amendment is not
exempted front State and Government taxation.
Mr. HOOPER. That is a mistake in the re-
port. This has nothing to do with that subject.
It is an amendment to tlie third section.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding to it the following
proviso:
Provided, That nothing ill this act shall Impair the right
of 11)0 States to tax the bonds, notes, and othei obligations
issued under this act.
I hope that the amendment of the Senate will
be concurred m with that amendment. ^
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to inquire it" this
000,000 comes out of the $900,000,000 aPPf°P«-
ated by the last Congress, underiheact of March
3, 1863, or comes out of the loan of $400,000,000
that is created by this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
reading of the amendment.
Mr. "HOLMAN. 1 wish to modify my amend-
i ment.
; Mr. HOOPER. N the amendment of the genii
tleman from Indiana in order ? Both Houses h&vs
acted oil the first section of the bf!i, the last pajs
agraph of which is that nil bonds, Treasury notes^
and other obligations of the United Site's shall be
exempt from taxation, by on under state ©r -fflUr
liicipal authority. ' " ' v*
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the amendment is in order, but the pointof order
should have been made when the amendment Was
introduced. It was not made, however. ' •-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I called
the reading of the proviso for the purpose of nuik>-
mg the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The amendment was read
audibly by the Clerk, and was debated by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,} and by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The Chair does not think the amendment is in
order, but the point of order comes too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. I modify my amendment by
adding to it tlie words "as oilier property shall
be taxed."
The SPEAKER. The amendment is before
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I intended
certainly to make the point of order before there
was any discussion upon it.
Mr. HOOPER. I understood that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] rose only to
ask me a question. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the poit*
of order was made too late. It might have been
good at the time the gentleman from Indiana of-
fered the amendment, but tlieamendment wasde-
bated before the gentleman from Illinois called for
the reading of it.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman^Yom Massa-
chusetts will oblige me by answering my ques-
tion, whether this $75,000,000 loan cornea under
the $900,000,000 act of the last session, and js to
be credited to that, or is it a part of the new loan
of $400,000,000 created this session.
Mr. HOOPER. A large portion of this $75,-
000,000 loan has already been taken.
Mr. BROOKS. When?
Mr. HOOPER, it was issued under tho act
of last session. I move the previous question on
the amendment.
The previous question was seconded* ana the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ^
The question was taken; and it was decided m
tlie negative—yous 71, nays 77, not voting 34; as
follows:
YEAS—Mcasra.William J. Allen, Ancona. Bliss, Biooks,
Jam<'s 3. Btown, Chdnler, Coffroth, Cox. Cravens, Datve*,
Dawson, Denisou, Eden, Edgcrton, ISIdridge, English,
Fiiick, Gallon, Gilder, Griswold, Harding, Harrington,
Cliailcs M. Harus, lienick, Holinau, Uoiehkiss, UutehiiiH,
Philip Johnson, William Jnhn-son, Kalbfleisch, Kmian,
Knapp, Law, Lazenr, Le Blond, Lone, Mallory,
McDowell, M (-Kinney, Middieton, Samuel I« .Miller, Wil-
liam II. Miller, J.ium'.s 11. Morrib, Morrison, Noble, John
O'Neill. Pendleton, Peiry, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Radiord, s5an* 
uel J. Randall, Robinson, Ross, John K. Steele, William
G. Steele, Sules, fcsirou^c, Smart,Sweat, Thomas. I iacy,
Van Vulkenburgh, Wads'votth, Ward, Whaley, VV heeler,
Clhlton A. White. Joseph W. White, and Wmfield—7J,
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Blair, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Hroomall, William G.Brown, Cobb, Cole,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis ThomasT. Davis, Heinuig,
Dixon. Donnelly, Dugpps, EelUey, Eliot, Fenton, kaiheld,
Good)', Hnle, Iligby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Jolm
H Hubb.ml, Hulburd, Insersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kellej,,
Francis W. Kellogg, Oi?ando Kellogg, Uulejolm, Lorn,
Lonsiear, Mmvui, McBilde, MeClrng, Mclmloe Moor-
head, Daniel Mmrib, Anios Myers, LeonardiMycis, Noiton,
Chailes O'Neill, Ortil, Pcrhain, i'ike, Alexander IJ. Kice,
John H. Kice, Ed ward I). Rollins., Selienek, ocoflehl, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smither?, Spalding, Stevens lhayer,
Un=on Elilm K. Wnshburne, William li- W.islilmin, Web-
ster, Williams Wilder, Wilson, and Windom—77.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Ashley, Rally,
\u«rustu  C. Baldwin, Brandecee, Ambrose W.Clark, Fiee-
man Clarke, Clay, Dumont, Famswoith, Frank, GrlnneH,
Hall Benjamin G. Harris, Kassou, K.mg, Knox, McAllister,
Momli, Nelson, Odell, Patterson, Pi tee, William H. Ran
da.II, Rogers, Jaines S. Rollins, Scott, Starr, Stebbms,
Voorhees, Benjamm Wood. Fernando Wood, W7oodbadge,
and Yeainan—34.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the call of the roll, Mr. A. W.CLARIC
stated til at he had paiied with Mr. Rogers
The fust amendment of the Senat'e was then
concurred m.
Second amendment:
At the end of llie clause, "that the coupon and legis
i loreil l>nn<!"b!i!lbciii inch form and IwnrMi'h mscrlptlo.i?
