THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL KKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. O. ■
Thirty-Eighth1 Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 1864.
New Series.....No. 23 
by southern submission or success, by mediation
or by northern magnanimity, or by northern sense
of self-preservation. The war mustcease. There
mast be an end of it sooner or later from one cause
or from another. I think all will concede this.
Admitting, therefore, this conclusion, the next in-
quiry is how, and when? These are the proper
questions for this Congress to determine. When
shall this war cease ? What is the required meas-
ure of southern submission ? Will the party in
power, who have the responsibility before the
world, answer this question? Shall it be when,
in the language of the President in April, 1861,
we have " repossessed the forts, places, and prop-
erty seized from the Union?" Or in the language
of the resolution of Congress passed nearly unan-
imously in 1861, when we have " successfully de-
fended 'and maintained the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and preserved the Union with all the
dignity, equality, and rights of the several States
unimpaired," and that "as soon as these objects
are accomplished thenar ought to cease?" Or
shall it be when, according to the presidential pro-
gramme of 1862, thesouthern States, acting under
the nominal protection of the Constitution, shall
of themselves consent under duress to the eman-
cipation of their slaves; or under the more recent
proclamation of the same functionary, who, out-
side the Constitution, and in utter disregard of its
sacred provisions, the abandoned tenth of the pop-
ulation of the South shall consent to betray the
remaining nine tenths into a servitude more de-
graded than that which their own local institu-
tions entailed upon the blacks? Or shall it be when,
under the yet more recently declared doctrine of
the Republican leader of this House, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] the southern States shall be reduced to a
condition of abject dependence as a conquered
enemy entitled to no law or mercy except that
which the clemency of fanaticism may afford ?
Or, more dreadful, shall it be when the American
people, North and South, utterly broken down,
their national interests destroyed, their ancient
form of government subverted, their territorial
unity disintegrated, their lands laid waste, their
homes forever gone, and the fountains of the great
deepofnationaldesolation shall overwhelm them,
that thus, when all power of resistance or aggres-
sion shall alike be exhausted, shall we then have
Eeace ? Or, more fearful, shall it be when the iron
eel of despotism is firmly planted upon the sub-
missive necks of northern timidity?
Mr. Speaker, when shall the war cease ? 1 ask
the question in good faith. I ask it of the men
who govern the North. It is their duty to determ-
ine how and when it shall cease, that the coun-
try may know the extent of the demands to be
made upon it, the full measure required, and have
unfolded at least a glimpse of the dark and shad-
owy future.
I ask in the name of the American people, whose
blood and treasure is being pouredoutin this war,
in their name I ask you when shall this hellish
crusade of blood and famine cease? Sir, let the
war be of whatever character it may, it must
cease, and it must cease by negotiation. Early
in this session I had the honor to present to this
House a preamble and resolution, which i shall
read. They are as follows :
"Whereas the President, in hismessage delivered to this
House on the 9ih instant, and in his recommendation to
the people to assemble at then places ol worship and give
thanks to God lor weent viotoi ie*, claims that the Union
causc has gained important and F-nbstanrial advantages;
and wherea?, in view of these timmphs.iti^ no longei be-
neath oin digrutj , nor dangciouo to our safety, to evince a
generous niaynanimit} becoming a gieatand poweiful peo-
ple by offering to the insurgent-* an oppoitunity to ret inn to
the Union v\ .about imposing on them degrading or destruc-
tive condition-! ■ Therefore, *
"Resolved, That the President be icquestod to appoint
three commissioners;, who shall bu empowered to open ne-
gotiations with the authoutiob at Richmond, to the end that
this bloody, destructive, and inhuman war shall cease, and
the Union be lestored on terms of equity, fraternity, and
equality under the Constitution."
Mr. Speaker, if, as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says,we are at war with a foreign Power,
what has been the practice of our Government
with reference to the appointmentof commission-
23
era to treat with foreign Powers? Why, sir, as
early as 1795, when the Algerines made war in the
Mediterranean upon ourcommerce, pirates though
they were, wo did not think it beneath our dig-
nity to treat with them; the President authorized
the American minister to Portugal to appoint a
commissioner, who did proceed to a negotiation,
and did finally make a treaty of amity which lasted
until 1815. Again, sir, in the war of 1812, between
the United States and Great Britain, three very
distinguished men were appointed commissioners,
Henry Clay being chairman of the commission,
and they proceeded to Europe and made the cele-
brated treaty of Ghent.
But, sir, there is yet a later and more applica-
ble case, the war with Mexico. When General
Scott advanced with his conquering army from
Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico, the President
sent Nicholas P. Tristas a commissioner to tieat
with the Mexican authoiities. Sir, Mexico was
subjugated; we had conquered the whole repub-
lic of Mexico; we had won a series of victories
from Vera Cruz to the halls of the Montezumas,
and we were in possession of their capital; they
were a conquered people. Did we pass confisca-
tion laws then ? Did we apply the principle of con-
fiscation to Mexican soil? No, sir; we treated
with them, conquered as they were, and Mr.Trist,
acting in pursuance of the authority conferred
upon him by the President of the United States,
made the treaty ofGuadalupe Hidalgo on the 15th
of February, 1848. That treaty, which was sub-
sequently ratified by the Senate of the United
States, resulted in the accession of California and
our vast possessions of the Pacific. There was
no confiscation.
But it is said that this is a rebellion, and that it
will not do to treat with rebels in arms. Well, sir,
this is not the first rebellion we have had in this
country. We have had rebellions which, at
their commencement, were as threatening as this
was at its commencement to the pcrmanencc of
our institutions, and we treated by commissioners
in every instance, as I shall show.
In 1786 the fust rebellion occurred. Itoccurred,
Mr. Speaker, in New England. This was the first
armed rebellion against the Government. Sir,
although it is unpleasant to reflect upon sections,
candor compels me to declare that New England
has been in a rebellion against the institutions of
this country ever since the adoption of the Fed-
etui Constitution. She has not faithfully per-
formed her part of the compact made when she
came into the Union. In the Convention that
framed our organic law the sections came together.
New England had her navigation and her manu-
factures to protect; the South had her peculiar in-
stitution to protect. It is true, New England held
a few slaves: but when they ceased to be profita-
ble, she became philanthropic and benevolent, and
abolished slavery. But so long as money was
to be wrung from the sinews of the negio, New
England held men in bondage and furnished the
tonnage that brought slaves from Africa to the
southern States.
I repeat, sir, that the first armed rebellion in
this country occurred in Massachusetts, and that
commissioners were appointed to negotiate a
peace. I will read from a New England historian
to prove the fact:
"Tin1* wa* known as Rhay'srebellion. It commenced in
1785 and continued until the elo^e of 1787. The people took
up aim-, organized, <md collet led m large ma-.-e^ undei
the 1< ad of a popular ofiicei who had distinguished hinwlf
in the levoluliouaiv war. They bioke up eouits mailed to
tn and punish per.-ons implicated with them, and defied
the law- and the jutboi mo.-. The Governoi called out four
thousand iour iitiiuh ed nulitia. A declaration or rebellion
\va^ issued by the General Court or Legs-Jature in which it
was dcciaied that ' a honid and unnatuiai rebellion and war
had been openly and tiaitoiou-ly iaii<*d and levied against
this Commonwealth, and l^till continued and now
again>t the same.' Comimsstoneis were subsequently ap-
pointed by the Legi-lature, con-isting of General Lincoln,
who commanded the troops otdeied out h\ the Common-
wealthHon. Samuel A. Oti<s, and Hon. Samuel Phillip*.
Fiesulentof the Hou-e of Representatives. These commis-
sioners weie authorized to pionnse indemnity to-ueh who
might di'scoiitinue opposition to the government and return
to their allegiance as good citizens.''— Bradford's History
of Massachusetts,
Well, sir, we have bad other rebellions in this
country. We had the whisky insurrection in the
gentleman from Pennsylvania's [Mr. StevensJ
own State and vicinity. That rebellion was sp
serious'in its character that George Washington
sent two special messages to Congress on the sub-
ject, ordered out the militia of four of the States
of the Union—Pennsylvania,Virginia, Maryland,
and New Jersey—to suppress it, and appointed
commissioners to treat with the insurrectionists..
Nay, more; lie went in person, accompanied by
A lexander Hamilton, then Secretary of the Treas-
ury,and had a conference with the rebels at Car-
lisle. The Father of his country, in the true spirit
of patriotism, justice,wisdom, and policy, thought
it not beneath his dignity to treaf with rebels. H§
did treat with them successfully, and the result
was that the rebels laid down their arms, arid Con-
gress at the next session repealed the obnoxious
laws.
But, sir, that is not the only case. I come to a
later and yet more pertinent and significant cage
—the Mormon rebellion. These profligate out-
casts, who have been always hostile to your moral
and political institutions, were treated with by
commissioners.
It commenced early in 1857. The immediate
cause was opposition to the exercise of Federal
au thority and the appointment of a territorial Gov-
ernor. On the 15th of September of that year
Brigham Young issued a proclamation in the style
of an independent sovereign, announcing his pur-
pose to resist by force of arms the entry of the
United States troops into the Territory of Utah.
He proceeded to carry out this threat. He or-
ganized an army, declared martial law, seized
Governmentfortifications, destroyed Government
property, and put the Territory in a state of com-
plete defense against the Federal Army. The
Federal troops there at the time were overawed
or rendered powerless. The President sent a
message to Congress, which passed bills to meet
the case, large sums were appropriated, troops
were ordered there under command of General A.
S. Johnston in the spring of 1858, and in April of
that year Hon. L. W. Powell, now Senator of
Kentucky, and Major McCullough, were ap-
pointed commissioners on the part of the United
States, and Colonel Kane appointed on the part
of the Mormons. These commissioners carried
with them a proclamation of the President, in
which he offered a full pardon to all who would
submit to the laws. By the conduct and forbear-
ance of these commissioners peace was restored,
the rebellion put down, and the Federal authority
once more respected. The officers appointed by
the President were accepted by the Mormons,and
order and submission have reigned ever since.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, is there anything so
extraordinary in my proposition to send com-
missioners to tieat with the southern States ? We
aie told almost weekly that the rebellion is nearly
crushed out, that wo have every advantage over
these insurgents. Is it wrong, therefore, is it un-
wise, is it unpatriotic to pursue precedents that
have been set by the Father of his country, and
by his successors in office ?
Mr. Speaker, we will have to treat with these
rebels. This war, commenced without cause,
prosecuted without glory, will end in disintegra-
tion and destruction if carried on for another Ad-
ministiation. Peace must come. The President
told you so in his inaugural address. Then, sir,
he was uninfluenced by the fanatical teachings of
a desperate crew who have other objects at heart
than the welfare, the unity, the prosperity, the
harmony, the freedom of the American people.
God grunt that the day of peace may come soon.
That it will come sooner or liter, we all know.
The powers of aggression and of resistance are
alike failing. Instead of supplying our armiep
through patiiotic enthusiasm, oui Government is
lesortmgto bi ibery and force—bribery by thesys-
tem of bounties, force by conscription. It is de-
ducible by mathematical calculation that another
term ofthree years will find usinacondition where
it is impossible, cither by force or bribery, to in-
