2876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Senator from Illinois to make his remarks now if
he chooses.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I shall make no promises
in regard to the time that may be consumed in
this discussion. I did not intend to enter at any
leegth into the discussion of this matter, and am
not prepared to do so, and would rather have it
go over to enable me to look more thoroughly
into it; but if its consideration is to be continued,
I have something to say upon it now.
Mr. HOWARD. Under the circumstances I
must insist on proceeding to the orderof the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The order of the day, the Pacific railroad bill, is
now before the Senate.
PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. "HENDERSON. With the permission of
the Senator from Michigan having charge of that
hill, I desire to call up a resolution of inquiry that
I introduced on Tuesday last. It will take but a
moment to dispose of it. It is a resolution of in-
quiry callingfor information that I desire to have
before the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved,, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate a statement showing the full
amount of the public debt of the United States at the pres-
ent date; and that in making said statement he cause to be
arranged separately the several items of said Indebtedness;
under what law each item oe<?uircd, whether it bears in-
terest, and if so, whether 111 coin or lawful money; the
amount of Treasury nottjs, United States notes, fractiotfal
currency, certificates of indebtedness, temporary loans.
&c., and the rate of interest, if any, paid on each of said
items, with the date and title of the act under which each
class was i^ued.
The resolution was adopted.
BANK REPORTS.
Mr. HENDERSON. I offered another reso-
lution on the same day, concerning certain bank
reports, which I should be glad to have acted upon
now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That the riecietury of theTiensury be, and iio
is hereby, directed to communicate to the Semite copies of
the full repoits of the banks, associations, corporations,
and individuals doing a banking business, which aie re-
quired to be made to "the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue under the act entitled u An act to provide ways and
means, for the support of the Government," approved March
3, 1863 ; and that m communicating said report?- he be le-
quested to ctiu-se those required to be made within thirty
-days after the 1st day of October, 1863, and those required
to be made six mouths thereafter, to be arranged in sepa-
rate tables.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
that instead of the full reports abstracts will be
sufficient. We do not want the full reports. That
would cover all the letters from the banks, &c.,
which are entirely unnecessary. The Senator
can obtain all the information he desires in an
abstract.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe the Senator is
correct. An abstract showingjhe amount of cir-
culation, &c., is all that I desire.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The resolution
will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
LAND TITLES IN DENVER CITY. -
Mr. HARLAN. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Michigan, I will ask the Senate to take
up House bill No. 432, for the relief of the citi-
zens of Denver, m the Territory of Colorado.
The Delegate from that Territory tells me that the
people of that to,wn are on the point of civil war
on account of the difficulties in procuring titles to
their town property. This bill is intended to
enable them to do so.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to extend the provisions of
an act for the relief of the citizens of towns upon
the lands .of the United States, under certain
circumstances, approved May 23, 1844, so as to
authorize the probate judge of Arapgaho county,
in the Territory of Colorado, to enter, at the min-
imum price, in trust for the .several use and ben-
efit of the occupants of the town of Denver, the
following legal subdivisions of land, or such por-
tions thereofas are settled and occupied, for town
purposes, to wit: section No. 33, and the west
hall'of section No. 34 m township No. 3 south,
of range No. 68 west, of the sixth principal me-
ridian; but there are to be reserved from such sale
and entry such blocks or lots in the town of Den-
ver as may be necessary for Government pur-
poses, to'be designated by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office.
The second section provides that in all respects,
except as modified by this act, the probatejudge
and his successors in office are to be governed by
the provisions of the act of May 23, 1844.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with amendments, the first of which was in
Section one, line nine, to strike out the words
"occupants of the town of Denver" and to in-
sert " rightful occupants of said land and the bona
fide. owners of the improvements thereon, accord-
ing to their respective interests.5'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
thirteen, before the word " occupied" to insert the
word "actually," and in line fourteen after the
word " purposes" to insert " by the town of Den-
ver aforesaid;" so that the clause will read:
The following legal subdivisions of land, or such portions
thereof as are settled arid actually occupied for town pur-
poses by the town of Denver aforesaid, to wit, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
two, after the word " modified" to strike out the
words " the said probate judge and his successors
in office shall be governed," and to insert " the
execution of the foregoing provisions shall be
controlled;" and at the end of the section to add
"and the rules and regulations of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office;" so that the
section will read:
That in ull respects, except as herein modified, the exe-
cution ot the fotegomg provisions shall be controlled by
the provisions of said act of 23d of May, 1844, and the rules
and regulations of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concuried in and or-
dered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Senate, us in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
132) to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and
to secuie to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes," ap-
proved July 1, 1862, the pending question, be-
ing on the adoption of the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad as
amended.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to offer some amend-
ments relating more particularly to the phraseol-
ogy of the committee's amendment. In section
twenty, line sixty-four, I move to strike out the
words " being wholly or in part incomplete or
uncnnstructed," and to insert, "shall not have
constructed the number of miles of its said road
within the time herein required;" so that the
clause will read:
And in ca-^e, upon the completion by such consolidated
organization ot the loads or either of them, of the com-
panies so consolidated, any other of the road or roads of
eithei of the other companies authouzed as afoiesaid,
(and Ibinung or intended or necessary to form a portion
of a continuous line ftom each of the several points on
the Mir-sotm river, heieinbefore designated, to the Pacific
coast,) ^hall not have constructed the number of miles of
its Mud road within the time herein required, such consol-
idated oigamzation is heieby authorized to continue the
coiihtuictiou of its road and telegraph in the general dnec-
tioa and route upon which such incomplete or uncon-
airucted toad ia hereinbefore authorized to be built, &.e.
That will give perspicuity and clearness to the
language.
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In the same section, line
seventy-one, after the word "theiewith" I move
to insert the following words:
At the expanse of paid company which is in default, at
the actual value of such work, to be estimated by compe-
tent enigneers, subject to the approval of the Piesident of
the United Slates.
Mr. HARLAN. sI am opposed to that amend-
ment. I had prepared an amendment to this same
section that I will submit to the Senate, and ask
the Senator to allow his amendment to go over
until he hears the amendment I have prepared.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Michigan withdraw his amendment to
the amendment for the time being?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I move to amend the
amendment in section twenty, line eighty-one,
after the word "thereto," by inserting:
And said consolidated company shall pay the said de-
faulting company the value, to be estimated by competent
engineers, of all the work done and material furnished by
said defaulting company which may be adopted and used
by said consolidated company in the progress of the wjsrk
under the provisions of this section: Provided, neverthe-
less, That said defaulting company may at any time before
receiving pay for its said work and material as hereinbefore
provided, on its election, pay said consolidated company
the value of the work done and the material furnished by
said consolidated company, to be estimated by competent
engineers, necessary for and used in the construction of
the road of said defaulting company, and resume the control
of its said road.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move further to amend the
amendment in section one, line twenty, after the
word " from," by strikingoutthe following words;
A point on the one hundredth meridian of longitude west
from Greenwich, between the south margin of the valley of
the Smoky Hill fork of the Republican or Kansas river in
the State of Kansas.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
A pointon the western boundary of the State of Iowa,
to be fixed hy the President of the United States, if not
heretofore fixed, as the terminus of the so-called Iowa
branch of the Union Pacific railioad, under the law amended
by this act, upon the most direct and practicable route, to
be subject to his approval, to a point on the one hundredth
meridian of longitude west from Greenwich between the
south margin of the valley of the Republican river.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear some
reason given by the honorable Senator ftom Iowa
for this very important amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, two years ago,
when the bill was pending which is now a law,
after a protracted discussion, the Senate fixed on
the one hundredth meridian, between the south
valley of the Republican fork of the Kansas river
and the north valley of the Platte river, as a start-
ing point for the main line of the road. There
were Senators here at that time who desired to
have the starting point further south, and others
that desired to have it further north. There are
those in the northern States who believe that the
running water o*he hundred miles north of the
Platte would furbish a better line than either the
Platte or Kansas rivers. But after full discus-
sion, after hours of debate here, the Senate agreed
on the point which I have recited in this amend-
ment. This amendment proposes to leave the law
as it now stands, where the Senate and Congress
fixed it two years ago, giving the company the
latitude of country between the south border of
the Republican fork of the Kansas river and the
north border of the Platte river.
The other part of the amendment will make
the starting point of the Pacific railroad on the
western border of Iowa, where the Iowa branch
now is fixed by the President#under the law as it
exists. I see no propriety in'havingtwo distinct
laws embodied in the same bill for constructing
substantially the same road. As the bill now
stands, it provides that the Union Pacific railroad
shall build a railroad from the one hundredth me-
ridian of west longitude to the western boundary
of the Territory of Nevada, and from the one
hundredth meridian east to the eastern boundary
of Iowa. The point is fixed now by the Presi-
dent of the United States, under the law as it
stands. It seems to me it would simplify the bill
to embrace the whole line in the same provision.
This is all there is in the amendment that I have
olfered.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee that reported
this amendment or substitute to the Senate have
enlarged the line upon the one hundredth degree
of west longitude, which is to be the starting poinfc
of the mam trunk. Under the act of 1862 the
place of departure was to be upon that line of
longitude and was to be at some point to be fixed
by the President of the United States between the
north margin of the valley of the Platte<riverand
the south margin of the valley of the Republican
river. I do not know whether the President of
the United States has fixed and ascertained the
point of departure upon that one hundredth de-
gree of longitude. It may be that he has done
so; some Senator here perhaps will be able to
inform us; but it is immaterial whether he has or
not. The committee thought it best to allow a
larger space for the selection of the initial point
of the road upon the one hundredth <gLegree, and
for this reason: they were informed%y persons
