1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
creating-; or whether, by a modification which
does harm to nobody, we will allow it, and all
others similarly situated—without altering that
particular section—to take part in the benefits of
the law. I confess I foresee a serious struggle to
take place between the banks that we are provid-
ing- for and the existing State organizations. It
is impossible that the State institutions can be
allowed to stand side by side with those that we
are about to create. It is plain that either in this
bill or in the tax bill stringent provisions wilb'be
adopted to drive from existence the State institu-
tions,unless we mean that the increasing plethora
of currency shall bring on a desolating revulsion
like that of 1837. if we are to have that contest
I believe it is-the partof wisdom to secure to our
side the greatest and most powerful money cor-
E oration m the United States. When we are
aving war I am for getting on my side all the
allies that it is possible to get; and when I can
get this ally by simply providing for the whole
class of cases to which it belongs, 1 think we
should adopt that provision, unless there be some-
thing inherently improper in it.
Now, is there anything wrong in saying that
when persons have formed an association and
bound themselves not to allow a change in the rule
as to personal liability that rule may bo respected?
Is there any such great necessity for insisting on
personal liability of stock holders as that we should
refuse to modify it in a particular instance?
I agree with the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Alley."} I am opposed myself to the
principle of individual responsibility. It is a need-
less trammeling of innocent persons. But whether
right or wrong, 1 am willing to do anything that
may be thought best in favor of strengthening this
bill and the banks that are to be organized under
it in the impending conflict with the State insti-
tutions.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN withdrew his amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague by adding to it as follows:
Tlmt all the powoi-i and privileges conferied by the six-
ty-lit mi section ot tins art upon the B;uik ol Commerce, in
the ciiv <>( N'i \v Yu) k, on l)r iMtinin" a national a^oojatioti,
with tin1 eventption from individual h ibiliiy ol sharehold-
ers ami all oihei poweis ami privileges contained m the
aitirJes oi a-MX-Miion ol' the -aid Bank ol <'ommeice, in
tho city ol JVi'w V m k. he panted to ami ronirt ird ti[>on all
bank?, hunkim- a>-o,-i,iUon-, and emanations organized
and doimr htiMiie^ under fix- law ol any Mate, Terutoiy,
or o! the Hinted State* on becoming ar.s>oouiions
us provided liy this act.
Mr. ALLliY. It will be observed that this
amendment is very similar to the one which has
nlreadyibeen voted on, though not precisely like
it. 1 offer it in this form because several gentle-
men around me have said that they would have
voted for that piopositinn if they luul understood
it correctly, i did not think whui the vote was
taken that it was fully comprehended. I called
for a division upon it, but was told that it was too
late.
I will say, also, that 1 desire to see who in this
House is ia favor of granting tin's privilege to the
Bank of Commerce and of refusing it to all other
associations under this law.
. 1 can conceive, of course, how gentlemen may
be in frivoi of granting this privilege exclusively
to the Bank of Commerce if they cannot do any
better; but how any fair-minded man can now be
in favur of extending that privilege to the Bank
of Commerce and of refusing it to all other asso-
ciations ot a similar character 1 cannot under-
stand. It is (or these reasons that I again oiler
m substance the same amendment, and call for a
division upon it when the vote is taken,
Mr. PRICE. I did not conceive, Mr. Chair-
rnun, when this proposition was first presented,
that anything serious was intended by it. But
finding that i wat: mistaken I want gentlemen on
my right, who appear to be so much taken by the
proposition, to reflect for a moment on it. The
proposition simply is to establish two classes of
banks by virtue of the bill under consideration.
Mr. ALLEY, i rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is discussing the amendment of
my colleague and not the amendment immediately
pending before the committee.
Mr. PRICE, i am discussing the amendment
now before tiie committee.
Mr. ALLEY. My amendment involves no
such result.
Mr. PRICE. I repeat, Mr, Chairman, that the
proposition now before us is to make two classes
of banks under this bill. In the first place, I ob-
ject to this proposition because it is based upon
the supposition that the sixty-third section of this
bill will pass the House, which I do not believe
will ever occur. But, sir, if that section is not to
be stricken out, then this proposition may come
in properly as an amendment to it, and that is the
only point m the bill where it can properly come
in. If this favoritism is to be extended to one
bank, the amendment of the gentleman extending
the same favor to other State banks may be a
matter of justice as between it and them.
But, sir, I ask gentlemen to consider the prop-
osition which is before us. "VVe have organized,
or will have organized if we pass this bill, a class
of banks, the stockholders of which are individ-
ually liable to the extent of twice the amount of
the stock held by them. This proposition is to
give to a class of banks now existing in the States,
whose stockholder are held liable to only one half
the proportionate amount, the same privileges.
Now, I want to know if gentlemen are prepared
to go before the country with a law incorporating
a bank with a capital of §100,000, the stockhold-
ers of which are individually liable to the extent
of $200,000, and of organizing another bank on
the opposite corner of the same street, with the
same capital, the stockholders of which are indi-
vidually liable to the extent of only $100,000? I
am at a loss to understand how any such propo-
sition can be seriously entertained. I desire to
enter my solemn protest to be recorded here that
it may appear heicafter against any such propo-
sition as that.
Again, sir, no man or woman is compelled to in-
vest money in bank stock. No man is compelled
to become a stockholder in a national bank, and
therefore the question docs not anse, as it would
if they were compelled so to invest their money
in these particular banks, as to whether we do in-
justice by making them individually liable to the
bill-huklers and depositors of the banks. It is at
their option how they shall invest their money,
but I submit that Congress ought to provide that
if they invest in these national banking associa-
tions they shall be bound for their liabilities as
any other man in any other business corporation
iN liable.
[I iere the hammer fell.]
Mi. STEVENS. This thing has lt run emp-
tcus" for some time. [Laughter.] I move that
the committee rise for the purpose of closing-
debate.
On a division there were— \tyes 55, noes 44.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee inse: and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. 11olmnts, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union under consideration, and particu-
lai ly the bill (H. R. No. 333) to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof,and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
Mr. ST LIVENS moved that when the commit-
tee shall again resume the consideration of the
special order all debate shall be closed m one
minute on the pending section.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 69, nays 4%; as follows:
VE \S—Mo'Wk, Alley, Allison, Ames, \nder.-bn, Ash-
lo\, John i> Baldwin, Bauer, Beaman, Blame, Bout well,
Boyd, Btoomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W (.Mark,
Cold), Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Dtxon, Donnelly, Driggs,
j Cekley, Kiiot. Fiank. Uooeiu Grinned. Hale* Hi«by,
; Hooper. flotehkKs, Amabel W. Huhbaid, Hulbnrd, Jenckes,
j Julian, Ka&fon, France W.KeHog^OtlandoKcllosg, JLoan,
! Lon^year, MeBride. Me(-!ur<j, Hamuel F. Miller, iMoor-
, head, Moirill, Aimw >Iyci>. Norton, Charle> O'Neill, Oitb,
s Pattei^on, Pet hiun, Pike, Pomeroy, Pi ice, William H. Ran-
! dail, Alexander II. 1'icc, IMw.ud fl. Koilwis, Seofield,
I Shannon, Sp.ildtti?, Steven-, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van
1 Valkenhnrgh, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder,
i Wilson, Windom, and Woodlmdge—69.
NAYS—Messrs. James <\ Allen, William J. Allen, An-
: coua, Augustus C. Ikildwiti, Brooks, James S. Brown,
j Cnanfer, I).uv>on, Edett, Kfdruf^e, English, I'mck, Glider,
! Gnsswold, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, fienicU, Hol-
m.m, Philip Johnson, K.ilbflei,-,ch, Knapp, Law, I,o g,
MeKttmey, Middleton, James It. Morns, Odell, John
CrNeM, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers,
SeoH, Htfhbins, John B. Steele. Strong Sweat, Voorhees,
Ward, Wheeler, Wintield, and Yeaman~4&
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rollins,
of NewHampshire,in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration, as a special order, of the bill (H. R.
No. 333) to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States stocks, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption thereof.
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, debate has been ordered to be closed on the
pending section in one minute, and in that time
1 want to make one observation for the informa-
tion of members of the House. I think that we
should not create a distinction between the banks,
and in proof of the correctness of the position I
have taken, I beg to refer to the petition of forty-
seven other banks in the city of New York ask-
ing that this provision shall be extended to them
under this act. Then, sir, this House must re-
gard that petition as a protest against granting
the privHege to the Bank of Commerce only.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. ALLEY. I modify my amendment aa
follows:
Provided, however, That the stockholders of the banking
associations organized ulider this act shall not be person-
ally liable,
I demand tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Steele, of
New York, and Alley were appointed.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
the tellers having reported—ayes 45, noes 52.
The question then recurred on Mr. Hooper's
amendment. i.-
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hooper and
J. C. Allen were appointed.  
The amendment was agreed to; the tellers hav-
ing repoited—ayes 49, noes 32.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to add the following:
•And provided further, That the individual liability pro-
vided for in this act s-hall not be impaired.
On a division there were—ayes 40, noes 53.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Beaman were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 46; no quorum voting.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ames, Arnold, Baily, Francis P. Blair, Jacob
B. Iilair, Rlics, 13low, Brandegec, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Coflroth, Cox, Ciavcns, Creswell, Tlenry
Winter Davis, Dawes,'Denims?, Denton, Dumont, Edger-
ton, Farn-sworth, Fenton, Ganson, Garfield, Hale, Hard-
in?. Benjamin G. Hain-^Chailes M. Harris, Holman, John
H. Hubbard, flutehins, William Johnson, Julian, Kelley,
Ketnan, Knapp, Le Blond, Lntlejohn, Marvin, McAllister,
McDowell,Melndnp, Samuel F. Miilei,William H. Miller,
Daniel Morns, Monison, Leonard Myei«, Nelson, Noble,
Norton, I'endleton, Teriy, fiuyii, kadioid, John II. Kice,
Ros>, J^chenck, fcVotield, Sloan, Smith, Southern, Starr,
Stebbin-. William (J. Steele, Swear, Thomas, Van Vaiken-
burgh, Wad-*wortl>. F.lihu B. Wa^iburne, Webster, Chil-
ton A. White, Joseph W. White, Jienjamin Wood, and
Fernando Wood.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union under consideration, and particu-
larly the bill (H. R. No. 333) to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
Steves stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof; and the committee find-
ing itself without a quorum had caused the roll to
be called, and directed him to note the absentees
and report them to the House.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session.
The amendment was then rejected; the tellers
having reported—ayes 45, noes 57.
Mr. BOUTWELL, I move to insert the fol-
lowing:
And any State bartk which is a stockholder in any other
bank by authotity of State laws may continue, to hold its
stock, though either hank or both may be organized under
the provisions of this act,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the forty-
fifth section by inserting after the word "bonds,"
