1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
Mr. HIGBY demanded the yeas ai$J nays.
The yeas and pays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was passed; there being;, on
a division—ayes 79, noes 18.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed*, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISRAEL WAIT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House Sen-
ate bill No. 34, in favor of the legal representa-
tives of Israel Wait; winch was read a first and
second time.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Claims.
. The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON INSANE HOSPITAL.
The SPE AKERalso laid before the House Sen-
ate bill No. 49, relating to the admission of patients
to the hospital for the insane in the District of Co-
lumbia; which was read a fir.?t and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In this time
of war that bill is necessary. Ithas for its object
a beneficent regulation in reference to that hos-
pital, and I therefore hope that there will be no
objection to its being put on its passage.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask to have entered a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
yesterday referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union Senate bill No. 36, to
amend an act entitled " An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1863.
The motion to reconsider was received and
entered upon the Journal.
MESSAGE FllOM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. NicoLAYjhis Private Secretary, notifying the
House that he had on January 26, 1864, approved
and signed House bill No. 65, to change the place of
holding the circuit and district courts of the United
Slates for the district of West Tennessee, and for
other purposes.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the Hou.se resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the U-mon, (Mr.
Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 156) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 18G3, which had been previously
made the special order fortius day.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to go back.
Mr. BLAINE. I object.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To supply a deficiency m the nppropiiation for compen-
sation of the officeis, clerks, messenger^, and others re-
ceiving ail annual salaiy in the employ of the House of
Representative*., .$7,365 19.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after what has been
read:
For repairofco.il and landing wli.irf.it Key West, to
eiect a crane Thereon, and cover the extension of the ma-
chine shop at that point, §10,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I make the point of order that
the amendment is not germane to the item under
consideration. I would not make the point if the
gentleman did not have an opportunity to offer it
hereafter in the Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. This is to sup-
ply a deficiency. The work has already been done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the section by
inserting after line two hundred and twenty-one
the following:
Forthe payment to William Brindlo, latereceiverof pub-
lic moneys at Lecomptop, in Kansas, for lent and extra cleik
hire. $4,713.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is not germane to the section
upon which the committee is acting.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order upon the ground stated as well as
upon the ground that it is a private claim, which
it is not in order to put upon a general appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HALE. It is notaprivateclaim. Itwas
in pursuance of an act of Congress that the money
was paid, and I have a letter from the Secretary
of the Interior requesting an appropriation to pay
it. This appropriation passed the House last
Congress, under the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but it failed to pass
both Houses. 1 hold a letter containing a state-
ment of the settlement of the account, and asking
an appropriation to pay it. It is money actually
expended by Mr, Brindle for rent and extra clerk
hire some years ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HALE. Then I will offer it as an inde-
pendent section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that the com-
mittee has not yet got through with the bill. Af-
ter that is done, the gentleman can offer it.
Mr. KASSON. 1 move to amend by inserting
after line two bundled and twenty-one what 1
send to the Clerk, and I ask that a communication
from the Postmaster General be read in connec-
tion .with it.
Tiie amendment was reported, as follows:
For payment of letter-caniers to July 1.1804, to be paid
out oftherevenues of the To«t Office Depailnient,.$150,000.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Post Office Dfpaetment,
Washington, January 1&54.
Sir : Owing to the increasing amount of local mail mat-
ter find the inci casing demand for carrier^ to perfect the tree
deliveiy system in the several cities of the country, I have
dming'the past year largely augmented the number of car-
riers with very favorable re«ult* to the revenue.
The appropuatfon foi the cmrentyear having been made
for the amount of the leceipt- by earners under the former
svstem has pioved inefficient io covoi ilie expenses for the
time specified. I have therefoie to request that an addi-
tional appiopri.ition be made fiom the revenues of the De-
partment of ?$150,000 to cover the piobable deficiency.
I am, verv respectfully, your obedient M-ivant,
M. BLAIR,
Postmaster General.
Hon. ScneYiiFR Cot-fax,
Sjicakc> of the Home of Representatives.
Mr. KASSON. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer this amend-
ment, in connection with the reading of that let-
ter.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order. The
appropnation in line two hundred and twenty-
one is, for stationery for the House of Represent-
atives, $9«,00U. The proposed amendment is
$150,000 to pay letter-carriers in New York, Phil-
adelphia, Cincinnati, &c. The proper place, let
me suggest to the gentleman, for tins amendment
is the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. KASSON. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from New York, in answer to his objection,
to the fact that we are acting upon approptiations
under the head of miscellaneous items. There is no
special pait of the deficiency bill applicable to the
Post Office Department, it comes, theiefore, un-
der the general head of miscellaneous items, and
pioperly comes in here, in a general bill which
this House has already passed, we have made the
appropriations for the next fiscal year, which were
ncces&aiy as tesultingfiom this change in the sys-
tem. This amendment simply applies the requi-
site amount out of the revenue of the Post Office
Dei •jartmont, in pursuance of existing laws, to pay
the expenses for the current year. It is not pro-
vided to pay it out of the general Treasury, but
out of the revenues of the Department itself.
Mr. BROOKS. I stand upon my point of order,
that the matter of letter-carriers is not germane to
the matter now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, that the amendment is notgermane
to the present section of the bill.
Mr. KERNAN. I move to amend thig section
by adding thereto, as a proviso, the following:
Prodded, That no money hereby appropriated shall be
expended on the Capitol extension, or in continuing tiie
north wing of the Treasury extension beyond what maybe
necessary to protect the said buildingsfrom injuries.
I notice among the miscellaneous items we have
appropriated $250,000 for the purpose of carry-
ing on the north wing Treasury extension, and
§150,000 for continuing the extension of the Cap-
itol. Now, sir, I believe each of these buildings
contain abundantaccommodations for the present
public business. We certainly are engaged in a
stiuggie which taxes all the financial resources of
the United States, and it seems to me we may
very well postpone ornamenting the exterior of
one of these buildings, and the further extending
the other, until we have more means forsuch pur-
poses than now, and when taxation shall not be
as onerous as it necessarily is now, in order to
carry on this war. And i think, unless we be-
gin with bills like this, and cut down expendi-
tures by the hundreds of thousands of dollars
upon matters which are not of pressing import-
ance, we are hardly doing our duty to the coun-
try in the present state of things. If there be a
necessity of expending a poition of these sums
for protecting those buildings fro.m the effects of
the weather, no one will object, and I have put
the proviso in that form. But to go on doing
work, and putting it up for ornament more than
from any necessity, is not proper in the present
state of our country and of its finances.
Again, this money is being expended in times
when labor and materials are very high; and it
cannot be claimed that it is important to keep
these laborers in the employment of the Govern-
ment, because there is a great demand for their
labor, and hence no hardship will be done toward
them, i trust, therefore, we will limit this ex-
penditure to that amount which shall be found
necessary to protect the buddings, and let their
completion await a time when the Treasury can
more easily afford it.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand the amend-
ment, it seems to me to be out of order at this
point. We have passed the appropriation to which
11 Tlie^CHAIRMAN. The Chair would slate
that a proviso limiting an appropriation has al-
ways been held to be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment does not
apply to this part of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN, ltapplies to the en tire bill,
or to any part of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the amendment be read
again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. STEVENS. When we were upon the
question of continuing the completion of the Cap-
itol, a motion was made to reduce tho appropria-
tion from $150,000 to $50,000, and the House voted
down the amendment. I supposed that to be a
full expression of the wish of the House to con-
tinue the workflow under way to completion.
Shortly after the commencement of this war,
the question arose in Congress whether we should
stop all further progress on the public buildings
here until the war was over, and, after a very full
discussion in this House, the House, by a very
large majority, decided that as a question of econ-
omy, the hands being all here and the materials
here, it was betier to proceed with the work. Be-
sides that, it seemed to the House that it would
not look very well to stop the work on the public
buildings simply because there is an insurrection
in the South. They thought it best to go on
making appropriations for these purposes so as to
give confidence to the country that we were still
to possess this capital and complete these build-
ings. And now that this work is drawing to a
close, it seems to me that it would be very bad
economy to dismiss the hands now here and stop
the jvork. I hope, therefore, that the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the last word. I only desire to say
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kek-
nan] has saved me the trouble of offering this
amendment. I have examined this deficiency bill
with a good deal of anxiety. I am satisfied that
we are not legislating on these matters as our con-
stituents would desire, I undertake to say, and
