1864.*
THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOiBE.
mm
of my services duringmy last campaign previous
to my leaving the service; what my record is at
the War Department, and how the case stands
before the Senate Military Committee touching
this infamous charge, which should forever con-
demn me in the minds of all honorable men if
true, or consign to, everlasting infamy the man
who recklessly makes it if false. I ask the Clerk
to read the correspondence which.I send to his
desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:'
House of Rkpresentatives,
Washington City, June 21), 1864.
Sir : The accompanying extract is taken from a speech
of Mr: Jayne, late sitting Delegate for the Territory of Da-
kota, published in the Globe of the 16th instant, but which
was not delivered in the House, he having asked permis-
sion to print.
Mr. Jaync left the city before the issue of the Globe.
The. attack is so direct and personal that 1 beg to ask
your attention to it, und to iufouii me whether the charge
of rowaidice was evet alleged nsjninst me eithpr to your-
self or the Military Committee, while my name was pend-
ing before n fot eonfnmation as a bngadiergeneral, oi that
the fear of dioim^al from the Army on thio account was
the cause of my ie&ignation.
You will greatly oblige me by an early reply and place
me under obligation to you
I am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
J. B. S. TODD.
Hon. Henry Wilson, United States Senate.
Senate Chamber, June 21, 1864.
Sir: In reply to your note just received, asking me if
the charge of " cowardice'' was alleged against you when
3/our uanie was before the Military Committee for confirm-
ation as a brigadier general, or il the fear of "dismissal"
from the service on that account was the alleged cause of
your resignation, I have to say that [am !-ure kk cowardice"
was-not alleged against you, nor was it ever represented to
the committee that tlie fear of "dismissal" caused your
resignation.
Yours truly, HENRY WILSON.
Hon. J. B. 3. Todd.
House of Representatives,
Washington City, June "20, 1864.
Sir: The inclosed extract Is taken fiom a speech of Mr.
Jayne, published in thejGiobc o( the 16th instant, but which
was never delivered nube House of Representatives. Mr.
Jayne left the city before it made its appearance, and be-
fore f bad the means of knowing what it contained.
The charge, brought against me is a veiy grave one, and
if true, the records of the Adjutant General's oflice wilt
establish it.
I beg to ask your attention to the marked passage, and
to request that you will inform me if such a charge exists
against me in youi office, or whether the fear of dismissal
from the Army for covvauhce was the cau^e of my resigna-
tion in the year 1&>R.
I hope you will be explicit, and will favor me with an
early reply.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. B. &. TODD.
Colonel E. D. ToWnsend, Assistant Adjutant Geneial,
United States Army, Wa->hinglvn City.
War Department, Adjctant General's Office,
Washington, Jane 2>, 1834.
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 20th instant, melusing
a flip from a iiews-papi.*r, and a?kmg if chfuges exi^t agam^t
you m this office, or whether the fear of di*mis-ai was the
cause of yoyr resignation m 1855,1 have respectfully to in-
form jou that I can find no record of any charges against
you, and am not aware thatany have everbeenfiled in this
office.. Thcie is no evidence connceted with the record of
your resignation to show that it was tcndeied under any
fear or picture whatever. The regulations of the Army
requne that when an officer resigns under charges a copy
of the ehaige  shall be fiied vvitii his tesiguation. Thete
is certainly no such document with your resignation, nor
any evidence that «ueh a one evei existed.
In General Harney's report of the battle with the Indians
near Ash Hollow, Sioux country, in September, l&w, you
nre mentioned wnh your command in high teims of com-
mendation among "the company commaadeis whose po-
sition, either in tne engagement or pursuit, brought them
in closest contact with the Indians."
I am, sir, veiy respectfully, yom obedient servant,
E. D. TOWNSEND,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Hon. J. C. S. Todd, House of Rcjyresentativcs.
Mr. TODD. I ask the Clerk to lead so much
of General Harney's report of the battle of Ash
IIoKow as applies to the chaige.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Immediately aftei his [Little Thunder*] disappearance
fioni my mow 1 oideied theiiilantiy to advance., the lead-
in" company [Captain Todd's] as sknnu^hers, supported
by company It, sixth mtauiry, (under Lieutenant Me-
Cleaty,) the remaining companies oi the sixth being held
in hand for ulteiior movements. The skumi&hers under
Captain Todd opened their fire, eiowned the bluffs on the
ii^htb.u k ot the sitoam (wherethe Indians had taken up
their lest position) m a veiy spirited and gallant manner,
drivim' the savages iherei'iom into the snaie laid lor them
bv the°cavalry." * + * *,***..*
"" The eompanv commander?, whose position either m
the engagement or in the puisint btouaht them in closest
contact with the enemy, wne Captain Todd, oi the s).\tii
lutantiv, Captains Steele and Robertson. <n tiic sircoiul
diagooiin, and Captain Heth, tenth inbuilt/.''
Mr. TODD. Sir, what can be more conclusive
than'these letters refuting this charge ? And sure-
ly the commendation of soeminentand long-tried
a soldier as General Harney is worthy of consid-
eration,and should have shielded jne from so'<?ruel
an accusation. What shall be thought.of thp
man who knowing the truth dares choose the
falsehood, and then shirks the responsibility that
attaches to all honorable men when they assume
a charge, be it'true or false ?' It is true ! received
the appointment of brigadier general shortly af-
ter the breaking out of this cruel internecine war,
and accepted it with pride and pleasure. An eleve
of the Government, educated at its great national
school, fostered by its care, and honored with its
trusts, I owe all to it, all of manhood 1 possess,
"all I am and all I hope to be. In its school were
nurtured and cultivated and elevated the germs
of loyalty and truth implanted within me under
the sacred roof-tree that guarded my youth; under
the inspiration of that venerable and venerated
old man upon whose head rests the weight of
three quarters of a century, and whose deepest
reproach would be the dishonor of Iris son. In-
spired by these teachings and holding the senti-
ments thus early taught and long maintained, I
held it my duty to place myself again at the dis-
position of the Government,and o/i beingordcred
to the field repaired to my post with as true a
heart and prompt alacrity as any one of the mil-
lion men who rushed to arms in its defense.
The command of the sixth division of the army
of the Tennessee was intrusted to me by the re-
cent and continued by the present Command-
er-in-Chief of the Army. These eminent sol-
diers were the companions of my youth and com-
rades in maturer years*, and certainly they are not
the men to confide the well-being and safety of
an important di\ision to a man who would have
been so unworthy of that honor had there been
even the semblance of truth attaching to such an
atrocious imputation. This command I held until
the close of the session of Congress m 1862, when
my commission expired by limitation; since
which time I have not been in service. The fol-
lowing winter I was again nominated to the Sen-
ate, but for reasons known to itself was not con-
firmed. At the time i was in the field I was also
a Delegate to the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and I
am the man that Mr. Jayne declared both in Da-
kota and Springfield, Illinois, should not be con-
firmed unless I vacated my seat on this floor. I
scorned the threat and fell the victim to his vin-
dictiveness. Governor of the Territory, with
potential friends and relatives in high places, he
brought to bear upon me his boasted power, and
only too truly succeeded m carrying out his
threats.
The influences used to procure this appointment
were simple and quite foreign from those alleged.
They were simply a tender of the services of an
old soldier, occupied in the avocations of civil life,
and accepted by the War Department as gener-
ously as they were freely offered. No domestic
influences were invoked to urge a reluctant Exec-
utive to make the appointment; none other than
the desire on either part to render a service to a
Government imperiled, and which needed the
services of all her sons.
One word in regard to the name I bear artd I
have done. From the early settlement of Ken-
tucky to the present day it is honored wherever
known. On the bloody field of the Blue Licks,
where the flower of Kentucky fell, three brothers
were engaged and one of them there laid down his
life, the eldest, commandingthe troops on that dis-
j aslrous day. From thattime until thecloseof the
! war of 1812, the representatives of this name were
j found upon every western battle-field, and the
' heritage of its glory has been handed down to
1 the youngei membeis as the most priceless boon
I they could mheiit. None of the name have held
|j civil appointments or have been applicants for
|! them in my immediate branch for thirty years,
'j The position I hold is by the voice of the people
II I represent, and my youngest brother is a soldier
;i in the at my operating in Georgia, and in times
|| like these it is ceitamly no reproach for him to
!' bear arms. But a single branch of this family
1! are in the southern confederacy; three brothers
i1 were in its military service,and,howevererrone-
'! ous their opinions may be, it will not be denied
jj that they had the manhood to maintain their opin-
h ions, stnee two of the three have found soldiers'
graven C o ward s da no t se^k t
and: the irttptKattoas of 4ki6. him#
less uttered by one upon whose garmenfeTtht
smell 6f gunpowder
.whose brow the dishonor af.a^Jow re|T\ain^4mr
redressed. - - wt ■ - <• ■ >*
FOREIGN ASD DOMESTIC ' '
Mr. A.'WVCLA.RfC I noW resnittie the/floor
aijd. offer thefojfowing regotatio'f^o'p which Ttte'- ,
mand the previous questioin .. ... u:i'.
Resolved)' That there be printed fbr the usS-ofthW
eight thousand extra copies of the report-of the Secretary
of the Treasury made to the Senate wythe 12th ofcMiMrelf,
1863, relating to our foreign and domestic comtft'^rbe^
eluding as well that oftfie Pacific dbttsw' | f
The previous question was-seconded* and.\t$p
main question ordered to be px t;.and under the
operation thereofthe resolution was agreed to. !
Mr. A. W. CXiARK n^oved reconsid^.tlip
vote by which the resolution was agreqdUQ; jguftjl
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider o&4be
table. • -
The latter motion was agree# to.
CONSCRIPTION BILL. [
Mr. SCHENCK. I call f6r the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. TB& regular order of hUsi-
ness is the unfinished business son which the
House was engaged last evening, being the con-
scription bill. ! ft
Mr. BLAIR. I move torecon^iderthe voje by
which the House last evening disagreed to the
proposition of the gentleman from Delaware [Mi1.
Smithers] on the enrollment bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. BEAMAN. On that 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wae decided in
the negative—yeas 73, my* 85, not voting 24; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. WiTfiam J. AHeft, Aneona, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, ttiis*, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown, Chanler, Coffroth,' Cox, Cravens, Dawson,Deni-
son, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, English, JPinck, Ganson,
Grider, Griswolil, Utile, Harding, ll.tri ington, Benjamin G.
Harn*, Charles M. Harris, Uerrick, llalmttn, iHntehiii^,
Philip Johnson, William Jolui5on, Kaltrfleisch, Kerhan,
Knapp, Law, J^aaear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, ftlarcy,
McAllister, McDowell, McKirmey, MidcHeton, William H.
Miller, James R. Morris; Morrison, Nelson, Nohle, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pefiy, Pruyn, Hadi'ord, Samuel J.
Randall, Kobinson, James S. Rollins, Ross, John B. Stet'lc,
William G. Steele, iSteveus, Stilus, Strous# , Stuart, §weat,
Wadsworih, Ward, Webster, Whnley, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, and Winfield—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley,AltihOi), Allied, Artdereon, Arnold,
A«hley, John J). ilaklwin Baxter, Reanian, Blair, Blow,
Boutweli, Boyd, Broomnll, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,ThomasT. Davis, Dajves,
Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Drigg*, Eeklev, Eliot, Penton,
Gat field, Gooch, Higbv, ftoopcr, Ilotchkiss, Asahei' W.
Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Jencfte*,
Julian, lielley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox,
Littli-john, Loan, Longyeai, Marvin, McBrid.e, McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samnel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles
O'Neill, Ouh, Patteison, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Wil-
liam H.Randall, Alexander H. Rlee, John II. Rice, Ed-
ward il. Rollins, Sehonek, Scofleld, Shannon, Sloan, Snnlft,
Hnnthers, Spalding, Thayer, Thoma?, Tracy, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh, EiihuB. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Windoin—
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James O. Allen, Blaine, Kraft-
degee, Brooks, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Dnmont, Farns-
worth, Frank, Gnnnell, Hall,Kasson, King, Price, Rogers,
Scott, ritarr, Stebbins, Voorhees, Wheeler, Benjamin
Wood, 'Fernando Wood, Woodbridgo,, and Ycamatt—24.
So the House refused to-Jay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
During the roll-calf,
Mr. BLAINE stated that when the vote was
taken last evening on the substitute offered by
Mr. Smjthurs, he was paired with Mr. Pike;
that he (Mr. Blaine) would have voted against
it, while Mr. Pike would have voted for it.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 move the previous question
on the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, arid the
main question ordered to be put.
ARMY NEWS.-
The Speaker laid before the House for inform-
ation the following communication from the Sec-
retary of War:
J ' War Dsi'artmgitt,
wxsmn-gton City, June 28, 1864.
Sir* A df"patch fiom General Grant, dated yesterday,
27th, 3.30 p. uiy, at Ins head^iarterft, icports noopeiatio«s
in front, except from out4 own gun*, which fire into iho
