1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
who had been engaged in making explorations in
that region of country that the probable route pro-
ceeding westwardly from the point contemplated
by the act of 1862 would be found to be destitute of
timber, wood, coal, and iron ores, and that'this
destitution would be in fact a very great disad-
vantage to the company its el/, making it neces-
sary to transport the vasj, quantities of timber
which they would be compelled to use in the con-
struction of their road for a very great distance,'
and the same as to other heavy materials which
they will be compelled to use; whereas they seem
to have formed the idea that by selecting the initial
pointon that one hundredth degree of longitude at
amore southerly point they would go into a region
where they would find plenty of timber useful for
the construction of the road, and probably plenty
of coal and plenty of iron also. It is manifest to
every one that if this road could be built through
a region of country where there would be plenty
of these articles, timber, iron, and coal, it would
be a very great saving to the cortipany and would
enhance the value of its stock.
These are the only motives which have influ-
enced the committee in changing the initial point,
giving it a larger margin upon the one hundredth
meridian. It is for the Senate to say whether it
is best to allow them this additional margin. I
think it is, so far as I have been advised; but I
shall not make any point upon it. I leave that
entirely to the better judgment of the Senate.
One word, sir, as to the commencement of the
Pacific line of road. I believe the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Iowa contemplates
that the Union Pacific railroad line shall com-
mence on the western boundary of Iowa.
Mr. HARLAN. Just where the branch road
now commences.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment will
not be made. It will involve the necessity of
changing the phraseology of the bill throughout.
Itwill require a revision and almost a reconstruc-
tion of the bill in order to make its language and
provisions adapt themselves to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Iowa. There is
really no need of it whatever. • The corporation
created in 1862 by the act of that year is directed
to construct a railroad from the one hundredth
degree of west longitude westwardly to the Pa-
cific coast, or rather to the western boundary of
the Territory of Nevada. Then the same charter
proceeds to declare that the same corporation
shall be required to construct sundry branches,
and among these branches is the one running
northwestwardly and terminating upon the west-
ern line of the State of Iowa. It is very true it
will be a part of the Pacific railroad; but I object
to the introduction of that amendment because it
will derange the other provisions of the bill and
render necessary a complete reconstruction and
recomposition, pei'haps, of the bill itself.
I hope, therefore, that the honorable Senator
from Iowa will not press that part of his amend-
ment. It is a question of mere description and
phraseology.
Mr.POMEROY. That portion of the Senator's
amendment which makes the main line start from
the western boundary of Iowa, 1 think, is entirely
against the spirit of the bill as we agreed upon it in
the last Congress; because it was agreed that on
the one hundredth meridian the various branches
should come together; that eastof that one hun-
dredth meridian they should all be branches. It
would be manifestly very unjust to the branches
that have the right to connect on this one hun-
dredth meridian to construct and consolidate the
main line down to the State of Iowa. I know
very well that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany building the main line from the State of Iowa
and owning the main line from the State of Iowa
will of course feel a deep interest in having the
freight, passage, and travel continued throughout
the whole length of the main line; but we have
provided in this bill that these various companies
shall unite upon equal terms, and, in order to do
that, there should be some agreement that they
should unite; and the bill does make that upon
the one hundredth meridian. If you extend the
main line down to the State of Iowa it is against
the entire compromises in reference to these
branches that we entered into in the last Congress
and against the bill as it is now drawn. 1 cer-
tainly hope that that portion of the Senator's
amendment will be abandoned or voted down.
In regard to the other branch of the amendment
I have not much to say. I do not think it is of
very great importance. I have always thought
that the Saline river was the best one for, this
road to go up. I said so in the last Congress. I
think it is for the interest of my State, at any
rate, that the line should go up one of those
streams. The difficulty to which I wili call the
attention of the chairman of the committee is this:
we incorporate a company to build a road only in
the Territories. The Smoky Hill and the Saline
rivers are both in a State, and under the decision
that we made in the last Congress that Congress
could not incorporate a company to run through
or in a State we abandoned the idea of going up
the Smoky Hill or the Saline river and allowed
the connection to be on the Republican or Platte,
in a Territory. It was supposed that Congress
could not incorporate a company that should run
one foot of road in a State except by the permis-
sion of the laws of that State orthe consent of the
Legislature of that State. That was the reason
why we were defeated in this in the last Con-
gress.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Kansas,
or any other Senator, deems that part of the
amendment clinging the phraseology so as to
commence the roatf at the Missouri river instead
of commencing it one or two hundred miles out
in the plains objectionable, I am willing to return
to the old phraseology, if they will allow the
phraseology to remain throughout as it now is.
If they are willing to permit the law to stand as
it now exists in relation to the starting-point I am
content.
But, as the Senator himself has well remarked,
it was insisted here by some of the best lawyers
in the country, two years ago, that Congress had
no right to create a corporation to build u railroad
within the limits of a State. The law as it now
stands does not provide for the construction of
one foot of road by the Union Pacific Railroad
Company through any State. The amendment
to the bill as proposed by the committee does
provide that this road may start about midway
in the State of Kansas^and be built one hundred
miles or so through that State. It seems to me
that it would simplify the bill to provide for the
commencementof the Pacific railroad on the nav-
igable waters of the Missouri river; to provide
that they may build outfrom the river until they
airive at a point on the one hundredth meridian,
to be determined by the President of the United
States, between the south border of the valley of
the Republican fork and the northern border of
the valley of the Platte. It seems to me it would
avoid an absurdity in the language that strikes
the mind of every individual-, and as the same
company is required to build both ends of the
road, from the one hundredth meridian westward,
and from the one hundredth meridian eastward,
it seems to me it cannot damage any other cor-
poration in the least.
The suggestion made by the Senator from Kan-
sas, that the law requires that all branch roads
shall be lequired to connect on equal terms, will
not affect the interests of the east end of the Union
Pacific railroad line in the least, because it is to
be owned by the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany itself in either event, whether this amend-
mentshall prevail or not; though,as I have before
remarked, 1 do not deem it material and shall not
insist upon it, if Senators will permit the law on
that subject to remain as it now exists.
In relation to the pointof fact suggested by the
chairman of the committee, I beg leave to differ
with him. There may be more timber on the
Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas river, which I
understand is the main channel of the Kansas
river, than on the Platte river; but that is a ques-
tion that has never been settled. There is no body
of timber on either river. The timber that is to
be found is to be found on the lateral branches
of those streams. Away from the valleys, up in
the hills, you will find cedar and pine to some
extent in the vicinity of both these streams; but
one hundred miles north, on the running waters
of the Niobrarah, there is a large body of pine
timber; so that if the Senator is in search of
timber he ought to go one hundred miles north,
where the timber timber exists. But this whole
subject was discussed in the Senate two years
ago, and it was then the judgment of the Senate
and the judgment of Congress that the point of
departure should be fixfed on that margin between
the two rivers named in the law; This iff the
language of the law as it now stands:;
"And the said corporation is b?rfby authorized and em-
powered to lay out, locate, construct, fb'rnlsh, maintain,
arid enjoy a continuous railroad and telegraph, withytbe
appurtenances,from a point on the one hundredth meridian
oflongitude west from Greenwich, between the south mar-
gin of the Republican river and the north naarghrof ilie
valley of the Platte river, in the Territory of Nebraska, to
the western boundary of Nevada Territory."
Thus avoiding the question suggested by the
Senator from Kansas of the doubtful power of
Congress to organize a corporation to build a
railroad through a State, and also fixing the de-
parting point within reasonable limits so as to ac-
commodate the system of railroads through the
States east of the Missouri river. I think that a
question that has been thus settled after long and
protracted discussion in both branches of Con-
gress ought to .remain so. Nevertheless, if it is
to be thrown open,I am in favor of correcting the
whole evil, if an evil does really exist.
> Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understand the Sen-
ator from Iowa his objection is to extending the
boundaries to the Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas
river.
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He is willing to leave it
between the south margin of the valley of the
Kansas river in the State of Kansas and the nor A
margin of the valley of the Platte river; but his
objection is that we ought not to extend the limits
of the initial pointof this road.
Mr. HARLAN. Exactly. With the" leave
of the Senate, on the suggestion of the Senator
from Kansas that he is content to leave this ques-
tion as the law now fixes it, I will modify my
amendment by striking out in line twenty-three
of the first section the words "Smoky Hill fork
of the," and after the worA " Republican" to
strike out the word " or" and insert the words
"York of-the," and after the word "river" to
strike out the words " in the State of Kansas;"
so that the clause will read:
And said company is hereby authorized and empowered
to lay out, locate, construct, finish, maintain, and enjoy a
continuous railroad and telegraph, with the appurtenances
thereto, from a point on the one hundredth meridian ot
longitude west from Greenwich, between the south margin
of the valley of the Republican fork of the Kansas river
and tiie north margin of the Platte river, in the Territory
of Nebraska, &c,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not the way the
old law stood.
Mr. HARLAN. It is substantially the same,
I think.
'Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not put it in the
.very words?
Mr. HARLAN. I have no objection to that;
but I will remark to the Senator from Illinois that
it is repeated twice in the old law,and I think the
bill as I now propose to amend it will conform
to the phraseology in one of the places where it
occurs exactly. 1 am sure it does to the sense.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, as modified, to the amendment of th(y;om-
mittee.
Mr.-HOWARD. I do not wish to be strenu-
ous on this subject. I simply wish to calltheat-
tention of Senators to the fact, which I have al-
ready stated, that gentlemen connected with this
enterprise have regarded this extension of the
length of the initial line, so to speak, as of con-
siderable'importance on account of the probabil-
ity of their finding plenty of timber and coal on
a more southern route. I simply wish to state
this to Senators in order that they may know as
much as I do about it. If after that they see fit
to adopt the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
I have nothing further to say. It seems tome we
had better retain the language of the bill as it is.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 hope the amendment
proposed by the Senator from lowa^vill not be
adopted. When the Pacific railroad bill was
pending two years ago I proposed an amendment
which would have made that bill similar to the bill
now proposed by the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. I desiied then, if I possibly could, to
secure the possibility of building this road on the
Smoky Hill fork, and 1 will state my reasons.
I stated them then, and 1 will restate them no win
a very few words.
Mr. President, this is a proposition to fix the
eastern terminus of the Pacific railroad proper.
