2378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
That is the part of it that, is to be specially built
under a charter from the Government. I stated
then, and I restate the proposition now, that un-
less my information be incorrect, the proper route
on which to build that road is upon the Solomon
riv^r or the Smoky Hill fork. The difference
between the south margin of the Republican fork
of the Kansas river and the north margin of the
Smoky Hill fork would not vary more than
twenty-five or thirty miles; perhaps not over
twenty at several points. I ask the Senate then
in all seriousness, if the Smoky Hill fork should
be found to be the best route on which to build
this road, why should we confino it a little north
of that point? . I do not desire to confine it within
any given point. The fact is, if I had my way
about it I would leave a much larger margin on
which to build this road. If it be found best to
put it north, I certainly shall not object to it.
My impression is that this road will have to be
built ultimately by the way of Denver. There is
an immense settlement at Denver, in the Terri-
tory of Colorado. We all know the very great
importance in the construction of a road, if we
intend to build it cheaply, of building it through
settlements. Not only do we know the import-
anceof building it through settlements in order to
get it cheaply built, but the importance of so build-
ing it in order to give it business after the road
has been built. Suppose this road is builtthrough
the South Pass, Where are the settlements from
the Missouri river to California on that route,or
at least until you get to Salt Lake? Is it practi-
cable togo through Berthou's Pass? Our inform-
ation is that it is the very best practicable route
on which to build a road from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean. I assume it to be a fact that
the road ought to be constructed by the way of
Denver, and I assume that this road will ulti-
mately go by the way of Denver. Wo owe it to
that country to build the road there. An immense
country there is now being settled up very rapidly.
In the course of a very short time Coloiado will
ho a State in tho Union, Its population is rapidly
increasing. The mountains of Coloiado arc filled
with precious ores of every kind, gold and silver,
&c., and the lands are said to be very fertile and
of the very best quality. U is exceedingly desir-
able, if a "good route can be obtained at ail, to
build it upon that line. If we go by way of Den-
ver—and any Senator who will take up the map
and examine it can decide that question for him-
self in a moment—the road ought to go up the
Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas river. Theie
can be no question about that. Any gentleman
can satisfy himself in one momentas to the proper
location of the road.
Another question to be determined is, whether,
if located upon the Smoky Hill fork, the ma-
terial necessary to construct the road can be ob-
tained in equal quantities upon that route; and
another consideration is, whether the surface of
the country is such as to enable a road to be built
as well upon that as upon the other fork of the
river; that is, upon the Republican fork. Mr.
President, had we not better leave that to actual
survey? I do riot wish to fix it on the Smoky
Hill fork, because I really do not know wjiether
there is as much timber upon it as there is upon
the Republican fork. I do not wish to settle
that question. It ought to be settled by survey.
I understand that actual survey has settled that
point: that the timber is better, as stated by the
Senator from Michigan, upon that fork than it
is upon the other.
If you will look at the route you will find that
it is a much shorter route, provided you go by
the way of Denver. If you do not intend to go
by that route, you might as well put the road
north. I do not object to that; but ifactua! sur-
vey, if the necessities of that people, if the re-
quirements of the immense settlement around
Denver Ciur which is rapidly growing up, re-
quire that it should go by that route, it ought not.
to go up the Republican fork, but it ought togo
up the Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas river.
But, Mr. President, where is the necessity of
.fixing the point absolutely in this bill unless we
have fuither information on the subject than we
have at present?. What do Senatorsknowabout ,
it? I suppose they know as much as I do,and I j
know as much as they do, and all of us together 1
know nothing in regaid to ir. Then why not let ,
those gentlemen who are to build this road have a !
scope of twenty-five or thirty miles additional in
that country for their initial or starting point?
Every argument that can be advanced on the sub-
ject is in favor of retaining the bill as introduced
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad. I have
iio doubt they have given it the examination that
it needed in order to ascertain the proper terminus
of the road.
The proposition as originally introduced by
my friend from Iowa would have changed this
whole thing. Instead of making the initial point
on the one hundredth meridian of westlongitude,
he would have made the commencing point of
this road on the Iowa line. That would certainly
have been unjust to the other roads. Instead of
commencing at a point where all the connecting
roads from the East could meet upon a common
ground, one or two hundred miles west of the
Missouri river, and let each road strike its own
branch at that point, the proposition as first in-
troduced was to make the initial point on the Mis-
souri river, and to make the mam road absolutely
go through the State of Iowa. That would cer-
tainly have been unjust to the other roads; but if
it had been found to be the best route, if we were
in a condition to settle that point to-day, to de-
termine the fact that that was the best route for
this great Pacific railway, that itoughtto be com-
menced there, that the geography of the country
is such as to induce its location there for the ben-
efit of tho company and for the benefit of the
country, I, for one, would have made no objec-
tion whatever. But such is not the fact. We
have no such information as to induce us to be-
lieve that it would be proper to commence the
road there.
Mr. President, let this question be settled by
actual survey. Two years ago when this sub-
ject was under consideration I offered a proposi-
tion similar to the one now contained in this bill
as reported from the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad. It is true the Senate voted it down;
but subsequent expeiience has satisfied the coun-
try, it has satisfied the enterprising gentlemen
who have undertaken the construction of this
road, that that is the point, and that they ought
to have the benefit of the*Smoky Hill fork. If
it is not agreed to at this session it will be the
next. The country will demand it. We shall
find that it will be necessary m the end to build
the road by the way of Denver. The immense
settlement of people gathering there and constantly
and rapidly increasing there will demand of the
Government that this road pass by them. Why,
sir, it is the direct and straight route from the
Missouri river to California. It is the best route
to Salt Lake,as 1 have understood. TheBerthou
Pass is a practicable route. It is further south,
and attended with less frost and snow during the
winter, and is the proper route on which to build
this railroad.
But, sir, whether it be the proper one or not
is not for us to determine. Let us leave it to
actual survey and give a proper scope for the
commencement of this great work. We are in-
terested only m having such a point as will give
to the country the very best practicable route
fro fa the Missouri liver to California. We can-
not get the best route by confining it within cer-
tain limits. If I had my way, as I have said be-
fore, I would extend these limits; give us broader,
room, give us greater area of country in which
to select Jhe point to commence this great work.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that this ques-
tion is opened up again in the Senate for discus-
sion. I was not aware that the committee had
made this change in the bill. I was called away
from the city and was not present to attend all
the sessions of the committee. Being a member
upon it I ought to have known of this change,
and probably should have known of it had I been
present. JWe had a great deal of discussion and
a great deal of difficulty two years ago in settling
the route of this Pacific railroad, and Congress
after spending a great deal of time upon itagreed
that the road should start from some point on the
one hundredth meridian of westlongitude between
two river?, leaving a considerable margin between
these streams, m which to select the point whence
the road should start. It is now proposed to en-
large these boundaries, and instead of limiting the
starting point of the road to the Republican liver
on the south, to extend it to the Smoky Hill
bianch.
I am opposed to opening that question, and I
trust that the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa will prevail. I have no such information
that satisfies me, as the Senator from Missouri
communicates to the Senate. He says it will be
better to take this road further south. It may be
so. v Congress did not think so two years ago.
He made then the* same proposition that he is
pressing to-day. * The Senate voted it down then,
and I am sorry that we have opened up the ques-
tion. I trust that the amendment suggested by
the Senator from Iowa will prevail and that we will
stand by the bill as Congress originally passed it
in this respect. The object of this bill is to rem-
edy certain defects in the old law and enable the
parties who are taking hold of this measure to
construct the road, lhat is what Congress de-
sires; it is what the nation desires; and I d<i.not
think it was intended to open up'this controversy
again as to the location of the road. I hope the
Senate will stand by the bill in this respect as we
had it before.
Mr. HOWARD. As I remarked before, I feel
no anxiety on this subject one way or the other.
I felt it a duty to state to the Senate the reasons
which influenced the minds of many gentlemen
connected with this enterprise forallownigancx-
tension of this mutable point, so to speak, as the
initial point of the road. I have done so. Hav-
ing done that, I have nothing further to say, ex-
cept in reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois, that this is as much an open question
before this body as any other point connected
with this Pacific railroad; and if he did not want
this question opened his .duty was to have at-
tended the sessions of the committee, with a view
there to express his opinions and have them em-
bodied in the form of a bill. I do not feel that
he has any peculiar privilege of calling me, as
the chairman of that committee, to task for insert-
ing this thing, that thing, or the other in the bill,
so long as I have actcd in good faith and under
the advice of so many of the members of (he com-
mittee as I was able to £et together. 1 do not re-
gard it as u very gracious mode of tieating the
bill or the commit tee. I have nothing further to
say upon this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why, Mr. President, I
made no attack on the chairman of the commit-
tee. I said I was called away and was not pres-
ent at the different meetings of the committee, and
did not know of this change, i made no attack
upon the chairman of the committee or the com-
mittee at all. I excused myself for not knowing
of the change because I was necessarily absent
from the city, and was not present at the meet-
ings of the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator resorted to
rather a censorious tone against the committee for
introducing a subject-matter into the bill which
they saw fit to introduce, and it was that censo-
rious tone to which I desired to reply.
Mr. MORRILL. When the bill to which this
is an amendment was before the Senate two years
ago I gave the subject some consideration with
a view of obtaining some definite ideaof the gen-
eral character of this enterprise, and I have, I
think, a pretty distinct recollection of this p.'irr-
ticular question, and I think it was very carefully
considered at the time with reference to two or
three points. The question was fo find a point of
departure on the one hundredth meridian. How
should that be determined? It seemed to be set-
tled that we should take our departure on that
meridian. What shall determine it? It was very
evident there were a great many piivate wishes
on the subject. Looking for facts which would
determine the point of departure, it was said that
to this one hundred th meridian the railroads of the
States east of it would seem to conspire, and I
think that that fact contributed somewhat in fix-
ing that as the point of departure. But beyond
that it was stated that the general features of the
country determined this to be the proper point
of departure; and it was stated that these features
of the country indicated that on that meridian,
within one hundred miles between two points,
one point on the north and another on the south,
you might find a place where it was perfectly
practicable to commence the point of departure.
Above that and below that it was said not to be
so well defined; that the natural features of the
country were not so accessible, were believed to
!l offer obstacles, and that if yuu went above or
