856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
I believe that in saying so I express the sentiment
of three fourths of the gentlemen upon this side
of the House, that every dollar's worth of„work
upon the public buildings which is not necessary
and essential ought to be stopped until this rebel-
lion is over. We go on here making large appro-
priations for these objects when we have not yet
made appropriations to pay the pensions of the
men who have lost their legs and arms in the de-
fense of the country, and who are sitting at home
to-day, with their helpless tamilies around them,
without any means of support. There is no earthly
necessity for this appropriation at this time. 1
want gentlemen to look into this matter. I want
to see who here is ready to vote hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars for these purposes, when we all
know that the work can be dispensed with until
the war is ended and the rebellion crushed. I do
not believe that this country is bankrupt. It never
Will be so long as there are stout hearts and brave
arms in the country. I know that the country is
full of money. I am willing to appropriate for a!i
proper purposes, but I am opposed to making ap-
propriations at this time for these purposes. Let
us wait until the war is over. Let us put the
money wheie it is needed. Let the wives of our
soldiers who have been made widows, and the
children of our soldiers who have been made or-
phans, know that we care for them while we hold
up a defiant front to the villains in the South and
their sympathizers all over the country. Let us
not vote a dollar here that is not essentially neces-
sary for the carrying on of this war and for the
support of the Government. Let us show to the
country that we are earnest and honest in our pur-
pose to carry on this war to its completion.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I wish to inquire if the clause
to which the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kernan] relates ran be amended
so us to strike out a portion of the $150,000?
The CHAIRMAN. It cannot without unan-
imous consent. The committee has passed from
its consideration.
Mr. SCOPMELD. Then it seems to me that
the gentleman from New York might as welt with-
draw his amendment, because they would cer-
tainly spend the $150,000 in protecting the build-
ing.
Mr. ICERNAN. My amendment is that they
shall not expend more than $50,000.
Air. SCOFIKLD. If we can limit them to a
specific sum, I will vote with the gentleman from
NowYoik for lus amendment; Gut if we leave
them sufficient latitude to enable them to spend
the whole amount in merely protecting the build-
ing, I am afraid every single dollar of the appro-
priation will be used for that purpose by some
hook or crook.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York by striking
out the last word. I do it for the purpose of saying
to the committee that, having watched with such
cure as I could the proceedings <«f the House with
reference to the appropriation of public money,
I think the time has come when all friends of the
country should establish a principle for the guid-
ance of this Government. That principle, in my
judgment, should be that there should be no ex-
penditure of public money that is not absolutely
necessary for the maintenance of the Government
and the prosecution of the war. Weareexpend-
ing somewhere from four to six hundred millions
a year, which can only be met by taxation on the
people; and this Congress cannot adjourn, with
safety to the financial reputation of the country,
without imposing a still more onerous system of
taxation than has been yet introduced. While
this country is not on the verge of bankruptcy, it
is impossible for us to laise a sufficient sum of
money on credit for the prosecution of the war.
It must be done by taxation.
Now, while I am here prepared to vote taxation
which shall absorb the last dollar of the property
of my constituents for the purpose of prosecuting
the war, I am resolved not to incur knowingly the
responsibility of voting for appropriations not ne-
cessary to the existence of the Government and
the maintenance of the integrity of the Union. I
say that the time has come when this House shall
so express its judgment, and when all its commit-
tees shall understand, that no sanction is to be
given to an appropriation not based upon neces-
sity. I submit with all deference to the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and to
other committees of thp House, that it is our duty
to the country to insist on the recognition and en-
forcement of that right which exists primarily in
this House as the guardian of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRIS, ofOhio. Mr. Chairman,there
is an old adage that we may be penny-wise and
pound-foolish. Having been a member of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds last
Congress, my attention was somewhat directed
to the question of the completion of these public
buildings. These public buildings are incomplete;
they are in such a condition as renders it abso-
lutely necessary that they should be protected
from the weather; and if an appropriation of
§150,000 or of $500,000 be required for the com-
pletion of these buildings, what comparison would
either sum bear to the entire annual expenditure
of the Government? I therefore repeat that, in
these questions, we may be penny-wise and pound-
foolish.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. KERNAN. The appropriation to which
my amendment applies is not one of $150,000,
but of $400,000. I know very well that there are
cases in which we might be penny-wise and pound-
foolish; but I submit that it is not such a case
when we simply propose to stopspendingmoney
for the raising of marble columns around the pub-
lic buildings, when the columns that support this
Union—the States—are in danger of being over-
thrown and destroyed. I trust that wc will hus-
band our resources to do what is necessary to
protect these buildings from injury, and let their
completion he deferred till an appropriate time.
This would not discommode anything; it would
not prevent us having proper buildings for the
public service. It would simply stop this expend-
iture of money by half millions, on mere orna-
mentation, at a time when we require all the finan-
cial means of the Government to preset ve it by
prosecuting: the war.
Mr. BROOKS called for tellers on Mr. Ker-
nan's amendment.
Tellers wero ordered; and Messrs. Kernanand
Ortii were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 71, noes 37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing in the clause for an additional Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury the words "for one year."
I suppose it is not intended to make this a per-
manent office. There seems to be no necessity
for it except during the present war. I trust the
policy of increasing Assistant Secretaries of the
various Departments to so large an extent will not
be adopted. It has been the policy of the House,
heretofore, to impose some limitation on the crea-
tion of these offices, especially in connection with
the War Department. It seems that it should
also be so m this Department. My amendment
proposes to limit the term to one year.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the followingamend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. j. And be it father enacted) TU.it the lemalnder or
unexpended balance of §21.907 5G for engraving, olcotro-
typinsr, and lithographing,be, and the same is hereby,trans-
ferred to the miscellaneous items of the contingent fund of
the House of Repie^entativcs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now offer my amendment as a
separate section:
Fur the payment to William Brindle,late receiver of pub-
lic money at Leoompton, Kansas, ior rent and extra clerk
line, $4,713.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I make the point of order
that the amendmentisprivate legislation upon an
appropriation bill, and is not therefore in order.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Clerk to read a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
"Washington, January 23, 1801.
Sir: At the request of William Bundle, Esq., receiver
of public moneys at Lecotupton, Kansas,I have the honor
to inclose to your committee his. claim for rent and extra
clerk hire under tho provisions of the act of Congress of
18th August, 18,-56.
XJnder thafrlaw I recommend the allowance of Ms claim,
as follows:
Office rent January 1,1857, to September 30,1860. .$1,145
Extra clerk hire of G. Wynkoop during public sale
in 1859  240
Special clerk hire of H. P. Pettitson in 1857, as per
vouchers 3 and 4  200
Clerk hire, one clerk, from October 1, 1857, to April
30, 1860, two and a half years, at $4 per day dar-
ing days of work, or,excluding Sundays, 782 days,
at $4 per day  3,128
Total   $4,713
Mr. Brindle claims elerk hire during the period of two and
a half years, at the rate of $1,800 per annum, as the amount
he has actually paid; but, although he present in the ac-
companying letters strong reasons in favor of the amount
as claimed by him, as the recommendations of the Depart-
ment in similar cases heretofore have not exceeded the rate
of four dollars per day, and the length of time covered is
considerable, L have deemed it proper to base my recom-
mendation for an appropriation on that rate. I have the
honor, therefore, to recommend the appropriation of the sum
of .$4,713 to pay his claim for rent and eleik hire.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
MOSES KELLY, Acting Secretary.
R. W. Johnson, Chairman Committee on Public Lands,
United States Senute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is not a deficiency, nor, as in-
dependent legislation on an appropriation bill, is
it in order.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved the fol-
lowing as an' additional section:
Sec. 4. And It it further enacted, That there shall be
appropiiated to supply deficiencies forthe repair of the coal
and landing wharf at Key West, to erect a crane thereon,
and to cover the extension of the machine shop at that
point, $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move the following, to come
in as an additional section:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That there be appro-
priated for the payment of letter-carriers to July 1, 1864, to
be paid out of the revenues of the Post Office Department,
$150,000.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this
amendment now, because I do not think that we
have sufficient facts to justify us in making this
appropriation at the present time. I am sorry to
learn, sir, from the statement of the Postmaster
General that letter-carriers in the cities do not
pay, or rather have not paid, by some $150,000.
I think that 1 can furnish the names of parties
who would be happy to take contracts from the
Government to distribute the letters in the cities
of Cincinnati, Chicago, Philadelphia, New York
and its surroundings, and give at least $200,000,
if not $500,000, for the privilege of doing so, and
carry the letters at the rate of one or two cents
each.
We are told by the Postmaster General that
there is a deficiency of $150,000 in this appro-
priation. After proper examination, if this turns
out to be a deficiency, and is necessary to carry on
the letter-carrier system m the cities of the coun-
try, it may be that 1 shall agree with the gentle-
man from Iowa. But the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has the subject now under
consideration. They have asked the Postmaster
General for information in reference to the system
of letter-carriers in the cities, but that information
has not been furnished. When that is laid before
the House, and we ascertain this to be a proper
sum to be appropriated, then we can act. Lotus
wait for the facts. It is impossible for the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to know everything.
Look to the abundant subjects they have before
them, embracing finance, taxation, the war, the
Army and the Navy, political economy, and
others, and it will be seen that they cannot give
them all the attention that they ought to have. I
beg the gentleman to leave this subject to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and I
assure him that if this appropriation be found ne-
cessary it will be made.
Mr. KASSON. I think that tho gentleman
from New York will agree to the propriety of this
amendment as soon as I correct him in the mis-
take under which he is laboring in reference to
the manner in which appropriations are made for
the Post Office Department. This is not an ap-
propriation for a deficiency in the sense in which
the gentleman uses the term. The law of the last
session, which went into effect on the 1st of last
July, established a system of free delivery cor-
responding to that of every post office in the world
which approaches a perfect system. Prior to that,
