1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
done under banks of $300,000,000. I have sub-
mitted my proposition in good faith. It may be
voted down as my other amendments were voted
down, and by a like sort of mechanism. But, we
shall have a record hereafter, if not in two or
three years, then in five or six or seven years,
if these banks shall have so long existed.
The question being on Mr. Brooks's amend-
ment,
Mr. BROOKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 43, noes 51.
The Clerk read the forty-sixth section.
Mr. HOOPER. 1 move to amend by inserting
before the word "shall," the words "whose
notes are presented for payment, or the president
or cashier of the association at which the notes
are redeemable;" so that it will roach
Sec. 46. .find be it further cnactcd, That If any such as-
sociation shall at anv lime fail to redeem, in the lawful
money of the United States, any of its cnculatmg notes,
when payment thereof shall bo lawfully demundod, dui mg
the u-ual hours of busiii'^, at the office of such acsooia-
tion, or at m place of redemption in one of the cities afore-
said, the lioldej may cause, the same to be protested, in one
package, by a uotaiy public, miles>« ihe pi evident or cashier
of the association, whose notes are presented for payment,
or the president oi cashier of the association of which the
notes are ledeemabte. shall offer to waive demand and no-
tice of the proiest, and shall, in pursuance of sueh offer,
make, sign,and deliver to the party making such demand,
an adim^ion m writing, stating the tune of the demand,
the amount demanded, and the fact of the non-payment
thereof?
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to amend the section
by striking; out the words "in one of the cities
aforesaid,"and inserting- in lieu thereof the words
i( in the city of New York or Philadelphia or Bos-
ton."-
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 move that the committee
do now use.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The forty-seventh and forty-eighth sections of
the bill were read.
Mr'. BROOKS. I hope that the gentlemen who
have chaise of the bill wil! let us go home'now.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a very sensible prop-
osition. I move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committer rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union under consideration, and particu-
larly tjie bill (H. It. No. 333) to provide a na-
tional currency secured by a pledge of United
States stocks, and to provide for the circulation
and redumption thereof,and had come to no con-
clusion theienn.
And then, on motion of Mr. ANCONA, (at
fouro'clockand thirty minutes, p. m.,) the House
adjourned till Monday at twelve, rn.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jlpril 4, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Ilev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of Fnday last was read and ap-
proved".
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a repoit of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a i evolution of the Son-
ate of the 30th of March, information in relation
to a telegraphic dispatch or order from Major
General Dix to Provost Marshal Dodge, of Balti-
more, dated November 5, 1861, concerning elec-
tions in the State of Maryland on the following
day; winch was ordered to he on the fable.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a repoit of the Attorney General, commu-
nicating, in compliance with the joint resolution
approved March 3, 1S63, information in relation
to property devised to the people of the United
States by Captain Uriah P. Levy,deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PETIIIOXS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE pie.U'ntcd a memorial of the Board
of Trade, whip-owners, and ship-masters of Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin, praying for the improvement
of Frankfort harbor, on Lake Michigan; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Missouri, praying^hat the officers and crew of
the iron-clad gunboat Essex may be suitably re-
warded for theirgullantry in capturinganddestroy-
ing the rebel ram Arkansas; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin in favor of the extension of
the mail route No. 13184, from Ephraim to Wash-
ington Harbor, in Door county, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of Al-
phcus Fobes, of the city of New York, United
States agent for the payment of pensions in that
city, praying for the passage of a bill making pro-
vision for the indispensable expenses of his office,
to the end that pensioners may be promptly paid
and the business thereof may be transacted in a
suitable manner; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of
eighty-five merchants of Pennsylvania, praying
for the taxation of the circulation eft all banks
chartered by State Legislatures to such an extent
as will compel them to call in all their issue, and
for a uniform national currency; which was-re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FIIOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 154) to provide for the better
organization of the quartermaster's department,
reported it with amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. It. No. iSl) to regulate the
dismission of officers in the military and naval
service, submitted an adverse report, whioh was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was icferied a bill (8.
No. 191) for the relief of Baptistc Peoria, reported
it adversely.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 1!)S) to aid the Indian
refugees to return to their homes in the Indian
territory, reported it with an amendment; and
notified the Senate that, as the bill was one of
piesstng importance, he would call it up to-mor-
row during the morning hour.
CLAIMS FOR FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
. Mr. SUMNER. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred a petition of
sundry citizens of New Yoik presented at the
present session, nmi also numeious petitions and
lesolutions ofState L' gislatures and individual.4',
taken fiom (he files, asking j1 tot compensation for
individual claims on France appropriated by the
United States to obtain a release from important
national obligations, havo had the same under
consideration, and have directed me to report a
bill (S. No. 5213) to piovide for the adjustment
and satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations committrd by the French prior to the
21st day of .1 uly, 1&6I, with an accompanying re-
port, winch I ask to have printed.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the repoit was ordeied to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER subsequently said: I desire to
complete a repot t which I made dui mg the morn-
ing hour from tlv- Committee on Foreign Rrln-
tions. I have already repot ted a bill m reference
to the French spoliation.'!; but I have been di-
rected by the same committee to report back to
the Senate a bill (S. No. 14) to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
Fiench prior to the 31«t clay of July,! 1801, with
a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned ; and I ask for anion on that now, so that
the bill may be out of the way.
The report was concurred in.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr* IIay, his Secietary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on the
1st instant an act (S. No. 108) relating to acting
assistant paymasters in the Navy, and regulating
the appointment of cadets in the Naval Academy.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution; in which the
concurrence of t4ie Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 6Q) fixing certain rules and regula-
tions for preventing collisions on the water;
A hill (No. 119) to regulate the admeasurement
of tonnage of ships and vessels of the United.
States; and
A joint resolution (No. 58) relative to the sub-
stitution of monarchical for republican govern-
ment in Mexico under European auspices.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed an
enrolled bill (S. No. 80) to provide for the better
organization of Indian affairs in California.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
214) relative to the .steamboat International on the
Reel liver of the North; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
BUSINESS OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr.TRUMBULL submitted the following ieso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolvd, That the Secretary of the Interior bo diioeted
to inform the Senate what number of eases wete pending
in each circuit and diMrict couit of the United States the
1st day of January, 1^61, and the number of ca«-es com
mcnced m each of said courts duung the year ending on
that day.
LAW OF NEUTRALITY.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations he
ins>tiacted to inquire into the expediency of so amending
the* neutrality l.iw m to make it tooipme.U to each (iovi'i n-
nient, extendineentnr neutrality to iho-so which lemintiio
same, and to others the exact measure of nentiality that
they extend to us.
PRINTING Off A BILL.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered That the hill (S. No. 63) establishing a Bureau
of Emancipation he punted.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolution, re-
ceived from the House of Representatives, were
severally read twice by their titles, and ieferted
as indicated below:
A bill (No. 62) fixing certain rules and regula-
tions for pieventing collisions on the water—to
the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 287) to change the name of the dis-
trict and port of Presque Isle to the distnet and
poit of Eric—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 119) to regulate the admeasurement
of tonnage of ships and vessels of the United
States—to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (No. 373) to appoint an appraiser and
assistant appraiser for the port of Portland, and
for other purposes—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
A bill (No. 371) for the u-ltef of the seulcfs
upon certain lands in California—to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 374) to exempt certain vessels there-
in named from enrollment and license, and from
the payment of tonnage duty, and for other pur-
poses—-to the Committee on Commerce.
A joint resolution (No. 55) granting certain
privileges to the city of Des Moines, in'the State
of Iowa—to the Committee on Public Lands.
TERRITORY Of MONTANA.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. LLoyju, its
Chief Clerk:
Mr. President,! am directed to inform tho Sen-
ate that the House of Repiescntatives has refused
to reconsider its action on the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House of Representatives
(No. 15) to provide a temporary government for
the Territory of Montana, and to return the bill
to the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 15) to provide
a temporary government for the Territory of
Montana, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives*, and",
