1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Congress had made the usual appropriation for
thi' paymentof the letter-carriers. Under the old
system it had been the usage to estimate the
amount of the receipts from local postages, the
whole of which went for the pay of the car-
riers. The carriers retained every penny; and
they were obliged to stop at every door to coilect
on«i or two cents before going on with the delivery
of the other letters. The consequence was that
it required neaily twice the time to deliver the
same number of letters that it does now. That
system was done away with, and Congress re-
quired the prepayment m all cases of local post-
age, which went into the general revenue. The
Postmaster General was authorized to extend the
new system, and this is needed because the ap-
propriation was made in reference to the old sys-
tem. The appropriation was only for §180,000.
The benefits of the new system have largely in-
creased the receipts for local postage, but they are
in the Treasury, and cannot be paid out beyond
the amount of $180,000. Hence these men can-
not get pay for their services until an additional
appropriation shall be made for the time when the
present one shall be exhausted. It is indispens-
able that a further appropriation shall be made,
not our. of the Treasury of the United States, but
giving the simple authority to the Postmaster
General to pay these men.
Mr. BROOKS. Let there be added a proviso
that the money shall be paid out of the post
office fund.
Mr, KASSON. That is there already. I wish
also to state to the House that the Post Office De-
partment is to-day self-sustaining for the first time
in fifteen years, and that is due to the legislation
of the last Congress.
Mr. ALLEY, is this deficiency of §150,000
to be paid out of the fund accumulated fiom drop
letters?
Mr. KASSON. So far as that fund goes. It
is to be paid in all cases out of the incomes of the
post offices at which the carriers are employed,
and the revenue of no other post office can be used
for the payment of these carriers. Until the sys-
tem is perfected and the increase expected is real-
ized, there may be a small deficiency.
Mr. ALLEY. I move to strike out the last
word of the gentleman's amendment, merely pro
forma.
1 concur fully with the remark of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] m reference to
these matters, so far as having these matters in-
vestigated by committees. I regard itas a seiious
evil that matters of this kind should be brought
into the House and ingrafted into a deficiency
bill without any previous investigation by a re-
sponsible committee, it does seem to me that it
is all wrong. I feel, for one, we have more to fear
from the disposition many m this House seem to
hav« to take any amount of money out of the
Treasury to be spent for every purpose which can
be imagined: I think we have more to fear from
that than from anything else. I have no fear
about this rebellion; 1 have no fear that it will not
he crushed hy the armies of the country; but I
do fear greatly for the Treasury of the country.
And I say to gentlemen m this House that unless
we are mote careful than many incline to be, the
elTect nf tmr legislation upon the Treasury must
be most disastrous.
{ do not, however, apply these remarks partic-
ular!}' to the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Iowa, for from what I understand or
the, position of the matter at this time, I fully con-
cur with him that it is necessary that this appro-
priation should be made. I only find fault with
the manner m which it has been biouglu forward,
it should have been referred to the appropriate
committee, and been fully investigated by them
before being presented to this House. As that
has not been done I will say, from some knowl-
edge I have of the matter, 1 entirely concur with
the gentleman from Iowa in the opinion that this
appropriation should be made. As the law now
stands, it must be paid. If there is any objec-
tion to the law let it be modified or repealed. But
existing as it does upon the statute-book in its
present form—and i express no opinion upon the
law itself—1 see no other alternative than to pay
tj) > amount asked for. I think the committee
would be compelled, jf the matter were cent t<>
them, to come to that conclusion; and tnerotoro
I make no objection to the adoption of the amend-
ment.
I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment offered by Mr. Kasson was
adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay aside this bill
for the present,and to take up bill No. 151, mak-
ing appropriations for the naval service.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 151) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30,1865.
The bill having been first read in extenso, the
Clerk proceeded to read it a second time by par-
agraphs, for amendments.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move to amend the fol-
lowing clause:
Forpay of commission,wan ant, and potty officers and sea-
men, including the cngmeeienrpsof the iNavy,$19,423,241,
by adding thereto the following:
And that the same he paid in gold or its equivalent: Pro-
vided, That the illative value of any paper curiency tend-
ered shall be ascoiiamcd by the Sccretaiyof theTieasury,
and his certificate shall he conclusive evidence theicof it
dated thirty days befoie payment is made.
1 have offered this amendment with the hope
that this committee, and the House, Avhen the bill
shall come to it, may adopt it. 1 have offered it
believing that the pay of our officers and seamen
in the naval service is not adequate, and is not to
them a fair compensation. In reference to those
who are in our Army and our Navy, a reason ex-
ists for the adoption of this amendment that will
not apply to individuals in the ordinary offices of
the Government. Their pay and emoluments were
fixed at a period in our history when everything
was comparatively low, and when the currency in
which they were paid—if they woe paid in cm-
rency—was equal to gold. The compensation was
fixed at what at that period was considered a fair
equivalent for the services rendered. It was fixed
at a sum which gave to them and to their families
a reasonable support. Rut to-day, under the effect
of the important changes which have occurred in
the commercial world, in the increased price of
every article they have to consume, that compen-
sation, especially in the depreciated currency in
which they are paid, is not a sufficient compensa-
tion.
It is known that the Government, paper in which
they are paid in lieu of gold and silver has depre-
ciated more than thirty-three and one third per
ccnt. It is also known that every necessary of
life has increased m price to a point unprecedented
in our modern history. The pay now given to
our sailors and soldiers is not sufficient for the
comfortable support and maintenance of the fam-
ilies of those who have such incumbrances. When
their wages were fixed by Congress the costofall
the necessaries of life was comparatively low. To-
day the price is increased more than threefold.
The pound of coffee that formerly cost the wife
of a sailor fiom eightto twelve cents, to-day costs
her forty cents. Every yard of domestic that she
uses in her family that could formerly be pur-
chased for from eight to ten cents a yard, to-day
costs her from forty to fifty cents per yard. The
price of the candles or oil consumed in the family
is increased more than a hundred per cent. The
very prints with which she clothes herself and
her family, which formerly could be purchased
for from eight to ten cents pci yard, arc to-day
worth from eighteen to twenty and twenty-two
centsperyard. And so it is with all articles into
the manufacture of which cotton enters. And the
same thing is true with reference to woolen manu-
factures, as well as all else that enters into family
consumption.
Mr. STEVENS. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but I would like to hear the amendment
to which he is speaking read.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I mustmakeapointoforder
uoon that. I do not think that itis m order.
'The CHAIRMAN. The point of order comes
too late. If it had been made at the time the
amendment was introduced, the Chair would have
i uic d it out of order
Mr. J.C. ALLEN. I was proceedmgtoshow
when inter; upted that all these things which are
necessary to feed and clothe the wives of oursail-
•1 ors have increased in cost at least threefold since
the compensation of our sailors was fixed, and
that the currency in which they are now paid is
atadiscountofmorethan thirty-threeandonethird 5
per cent. Now, sir, either the Congress that fixed
that compensation paid the sailor threefold more
than what was a reasonable compensation for his
services, or else the compensation which he now
receives is inadequate to the support of himself
and family.
I remarked a while ago that a different rule ob-
tained in reference to the pay of sailors from that
which obtains in the pay of the civil employes of
the Government. Their entrance into thenaval
service, in which for the last two years they have
been engaged, in the very dangerousand import-
ant operations of the Government, was voluntary
upon their part; but their continuance in this dan-
gerous and arduous service is notvoluntary upon
their part; hence their relations toward the Gov-
ernment are different from those of persons en-
gaged in ordinary civil pursuits. They are com-
pelled to remain in this service, and to undergo
all its hardships, while their families are com-
pelled to submit to the deprivations consequent
upon the depreciation of the currency of the coun-
try, and the consequently enhanced price of the
necessaries of life.
It may be said that the same argument should
induce us to increase the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress, of clerks in the Departments,
and of all who are engaged in the civil branch of
the public service. But the same argument does
not apply. Our service here is voluntary. The
service of the gentlemen engaged in the various
Departments of the Government is voluntary.
They can leave their positions, and return to other
pursuits in life whenever the compensation they
receive is insufficient for the support of themselves
and families. It is not so with our seamen and
our soldiers, even when they enter the service vol-
untarily. Once there, they must remain, and their
families are compelled to submit to all the priva-
tions incident to this depreciation of the currency,
and the increase in the price of the necessaries of
life. Now, if the pay heretofore given to these
men was but a fair compensation, is there any rea-
son why we should not pay them now an amount
equivalent to what wc have heretofore paid them?
Then a dollar was worth a dollar, and the price
of the necessary articles of consumption was low;
but now, when our currency has been so much
depreciated, it does seem to me that those who
uphold our flag upon the sea, and peril their lives
m defense of that flag, that they and their wives
and children ought to be taken carc of by our
Government, and ought to receive a fair equivalent
for their services, their exposure, their labor.
But, sir, I do not propose to consume the time
of the committee. I have thus hastily laid this
question before them, and 1 ask for it their candid
consideration. What I propose in my amend-
ment is simply this: that hereafter sailors shall
be paid in gold or its equivalent. I presume that
this country is rather too destitute of the precious
metals at this time to pay them m gold; but the
amendment provides a method by which that dif-
ficulty may be obviated, the Government having
the. option of paying them either in gold or its
equivalent, which equivalent is to be fixed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. If the ten or fifteen
dollars a month paid thom three years ago was
but a fair compensation for their services, is it
not right that they should still receive what is
equal m value to ten or fifteen dollars in gold?
Especially is it not right when we consider the
vast increase m the price of the necessaries of ex-
istence5 Js it not, fair and right that we should
protect the snilorfrom ilie consequence of the de-
preciation of cunency and the enhancement of
prices, and guaid his family against want and
destitution? I think it is, and therefore I have
offered the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment hy striking out "gold or its equivalent''
and inserting in lieu thereof the words " lawful
money of the United States." Mr. Chairman, I
never heard of any officer of this Government ob-
jecting to loceiving lawful money of the United
'States for his services. I am sine that no soldier
or sailor has evei objected to it. I am sure that no
patriotic citizen has ever objected to it; and as for
the others, I don't care what they object to.
[Laughter.] But I pre&umutheobjeclofchegen-
