1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it obliges the point to be in Nebraska even thougli
the river does not run there.
below you would find difficulties in the natural
configuration of the country.
I remember very distinctly that these were the
considerations whieh inHuenced my mind, and
which I think were stated then to be the control-
ling considerations in fixing this line of departure
on the one hundredth meridian and between the
two points indicated in the original bill. If that
was so, they were certainly substantial reasons,
and they ought to obtain now. I have heard no
new facts stated which contravene those general
propositions. For that reason, according with
the original convictions 1 had, which were then
quite definite, I shall be inclined to vote for the
proposition of the Senator from Iowa to amend
this bill so as to confine it to the original point of
departure.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish only to add^this addi-
tional observation: if the amendment fhave sug-
gested should prevail it will not prevent the com-
pany from building the road to Denver. The
route up the Republican fork isknown to bequite
as good as that up the Smoky Hill fork.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD. In the twenty-fifth line of the
first section, after the word " river," I move to
strike out the words "in the Territory of Ne-
braska." As the clause has just been amended,
it reads:
From a point on the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude west tiom Greenwich, between the south margin of
the valley of the Republican fork of the Kansas river and
the north margin of the valley of the Platte river, in the
Territory of Nebraska, to the western boundary of the Ter-
ritory of Nevada.
I understand t-hat a part of the valley of the
Platte river lies in the State of Kansas, and I de-
sire to have the whole of that valley within which
to fix the starting point, if necessary.
Mr. POMEROY. It is a part of the valley of
the Republican that may bp in the State of Kan-
sas. £am in favor of the amendment of the Sen-
ator to strike out those words, " in the Territory
of Nebraska," because as the clause now stands
kaaventh
Mr. HOWARD. That is the dimity.
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot by any law of
Congress make the river in Nebraska if it does
not he there. It is very near the line; but as the
country has never been surveyed, and as the river
has never been surveyed, we do not know cer-
tainly wlue.h side of the line it is on; so that if we
strike out that phrase we shall have to commence
on the river.
Mr. HARLAN. Personally I have no objec-
tion to the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Michigan; but it raises the question whether
Congress has the right to organize a corpoiation
to build a railroad through a State without the con-
sent of the State. That is the only question.
Mr. POMEROY. There will be no difficulty
practically. The State of Kansas will give the
right if there is any trouble about that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope these words will
not be stricken out for the reason that I suggested
before. I am for leaving the starting point of
the road as we left it in the old bill. I do not
think there is any demand for changing it. This
is the language of the old law. It is the way the
law is now.
Mr. POMEROY. Let me remind the Senator
that .when the old bill was under discussion a
map was produced in which it was thought tlmt
the Republican was all in the Territory of Nebras-
ka. It has since been ascertained that the south
margin of the Republican will probably'fall a lit-
tle within the State of Kansas, and we cannot
make the point in the bill if we say that it shall
< be m Nebraska, because the river, it is thought,
does not a!! lie in Nebraska.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas will observe that it is the " north margin of
the valley of the Platte river, in the Territory of
Nebraska," that is here spoken of.
Mr. POMEROY. That phrase, " in the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska," applies to the point, not to
the river. I admit that the Platte river is in Ne-
braska; there is no question about that; but that
phrase, "in the Territory of Nebraska," refers
to the point of connection.
Mr. HOWARD. The starting point must be
in Nebraska according to the law as it now stands,
and according to this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; I do not so un-
derstand it. Let me read to the Senate the way
it will stand as amended, and as the old law is.
The clause now reads: .
From a point on the one hundredth meridian of longitude
west from Greenwich, between tUe south margin of tbe
valley of the Republican fork of the Kansas river, and the
nortli marein of the valley of the Platte river in the Terri-
tory ofNebraska.
Somewhere between those two points the road
is to start. It is not necessarily to start in the
Territory of Nebraska, but it is to start between
the north margin of the valley of the Platte river,
which reaches into Nebraska—everybody knows
that—and the south margin of the valley of the
Republican river. I think it should remain. That
is the old law, I believe.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think the Senator is en-
tirely mistaken as to the meaning of the phrase,
if he will allow me to say a word. The words
"in the Territory of Nebraska" are to have some
meaning. They were inserted in the connection
in which they stand in the law for the purpose,
undoubtedly, of avoiding the difficulty which has
been alluded to by the Senator from Kansas; that
is, the impossibility of Congress taking land lying
within a State and applying it to make a railroad.
The object of Congress in this'ena(itment in 1862
was to commence the work of this railroad with-
in the Territory of Nebraska and notin the State
of Kansas. That was the purpose of inserting
the words; There can be no doubt about that,
and I think the Senator from Illinois on reviewing
the language will see his mistake? He has mis-
apprehended the meaning and intent of the ex-
pression.
As to the right of the Government to take land
for the purpose of constructing a railroad, I hold,
and 1 think there can be no dissent from that
principle, that the United States has the same
power of eminent domain over the lands lying
within a State for the purpose of constructing a
railroad in order to carry out the objects of a cor-
poration as is*possessed by the State, and I have
m my mind not the slightest difficulty as to the
power of the Government to seize and to con-
demn the lands of private persons lying within
a State for such a purpose. Wc have plenary
power for that purpose, if we have power t©
erect a corporation for such a purpose; and I
think rro one will deny the power of Congress to
crect a corporation for such a purpose.
Mr. POMEROY. These fands are all public
lands of the United States, both in Kansas and
in Nebraska. There are no settlers there. But
the Senator from Illinois will bear in mind that
this phrase " in the Territory of Nebraska" has
the same meaningas though it occurred after the
word "point" in the twenty-first line so as to
read, " from a point in the Territory of Nebraska
on the one hundredth meridian of longitude west
from Greenwich," &c.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Between these lines.
Mr. POMEROY. But the idea that this bill
intends to convey is not to confine it necessarily
to Nebraska, but to confine it to those two rivers.
If those rivers do not both happen to be in Ne-
braska—and nobody knows at present anything
about it; there has been no accurate survey—we
want the privilege of making connection on the
Republican, even thou&fr-it falls within the State
of Kansas; and by striking out the words " m
the Territory of Nebraska" we accomplish that
object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No doubt that object will
be accomplished if these words arc stricken out,
and the load may then be commcnced in the State
of Kansas; but Congress thought proper two
years ago to fix the boundaries within whieh this
road should be commenced between these two val-
leys, the south margin of the valley of the Repub-
lican river and the north margin of the valley of
the Platte river. I am not for extending it.
Mr. POMEROY. This does not extend it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does extend it if it
shall be found that any portion of the valley of
the Republican river lies in the State of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. But you gave us the whole
of that valley.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We gave yon that whole
valley provided the whole of it lay in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska, otherwise we did not; and now
you propose to unsettle that matter. It is the
same question over again. It involves this other
question that I think need not be brought up now.
as to whether the Government ?f the United
States has authority to charter acompany to con-
struct railroads invthe States." That is o, Question
that I do not think we need go into.. Thers is
no necessity for raising it now on- this point*
There will be-'nro difficulty in finding sufficient
ground upon which to build this road. Therejs
margin enough as the law stands. I a#i for abid-
ing by the law of 1862 in that respect. I hope,
the amendment will not be made,
Mr, DOOLITTLE. 1 should like to inquire
whether the law of 1862 says the " Republican
river or Kansas river" or the u Republican fork
of the Kansas river?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read what the law
of 18G2 says:
* " From a point on the one hundredth meridian of longi-
tude west from Greenwich, between the south margin of
the valley of the Republican river and the north margin of
the valley of the Platte river."
The bill before us has already been amended
to conform exactly to' the law of 1862. The mo-
tion now pending is to strike out the words " in
the Territory of Nebraska," so as to extend ihe
limits within which to start this route, if the
amendment prevails. If it does not prevail we
shall stand by the law of 1862, about which we
had so much discussion when it passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have the
Secretary report the clause as it now stands as
amended. 1 want to hear the language as it is
now.
The Secretary read, as follows:
And said company Is hereby authorize^ and empowered
to lay out, locate, construct, finish, maintain, and enjoy a
continuous railroad and telegraph, with tiie appurtenances
thei(ito,liom a point onthc one hundiedth meridian of lon-
gitude west from Greenwich, between the south margin of
the valley of the Republican fork of ihe Kansas river and
the north margin of the valley ol' the Platte river, in the
Terntory of Nebraska.
Mr. HENDERSON. My friend from Illinois
certainly maintains this proposition by tlft most
remarkable argument. Ho says that he wants to
stick by the bill of the last Congress, no matter
■whether it has any sense in it or not, as I under-
stand the argument. Every inch of the Repub-
lican fork of the Kansas river may be in Kan-
sas, and yet he will stick to. the bill of the last
Congress, whether there can be any initial point
upon the Republican fork or not! I am very
fond of that which is consecrated by the past; I
am very fond of precedent; I am very fond of
sticking to the letter of the law; but if the letter
of the law turns out to be improper I have no
such prejudice as will prevent me from amend-
ing it.
Now it is stated here that at the last Congress
we supposed the Republican fork of the Kansas
river was entirely in the Territory of Nebraska.
Any gentleman can take a recently published
map and ascertain for himself that the southern
margin of the Republican fork of the Kansas
river on the one hundredth meridian of west lon-
gitude is in Kansas. Why then shall we stick
to the law of last Congress, provided the meaning
is such as is intimated by the Senator from Illi-
nois, whether we can get an initial point on it or
not? Suppose the north margin of the Repub-
lican fork turned out to be in Kansas, how would
the law be executed? Suppose they wanted to
commence on the Republican fork; that would
prevent themcommencingon the Republican fork
at all.
I am free to confess that my construction of
this law is as the Senator from Illinois originally
stated to be his construction; that is, that the
words " in the Territory of Nebraska" were sim-
ply descriptive of the Platte river, and not of the
point of beginning; but certainly sonic doubt has
arisen in the true constructidh of the law as to
whether it defined the initial point of beginning
or. whether it was descriptive of the Platte river.
If descriptive of the Platte river the phrase need
not be in. Was that the intention of the framers
of the law originally? If that is the casethereis
no harm in this remaining, provided such may
be made the construction.
But. suppose the river be found to be in the State
of Kansas as now intimated, and suppose the
proper construction of the law turns out .to be
that the words" in theToriitory ofNebraska"are
descriptive of the initial point, then we cannotget
an initial point there at all. I ask the Senator
from Illinois if it ought not to l^e amended so that
