1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
1403
On motion of Mr. WADE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the paid bill disagreed io by the; House of llepresenta-
tives, and agree to the coufrmiep u^kod by the House on
thcdi-agreying votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice Provident.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Wade, Lane of Kansas, and Sprague.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE SECEDED STATES.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
up for consideration House bill No. 261, which
now lies on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 261) to provide for the vol-
untary enlistment of any persons, residents of
certain States, into the regiments of other States.
It provides that any persons resident in the States
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louis-
iana, Texas, or Arkansas, who may voluntarily
enlist in the military service of the United States
for the term of three years or during the war,
shall be entitled to the benefits and privileges of
existing laws, and such persons shall be mustered
into the regiments or other organizations of what-
soever State they may elect, or in the case of col-
ored troops shall be assigned as now provided by
law, and the States or subdivisions of States pro-
curing such enlistments are to receive credit for
such persons, in accordance with the laws in other
cases; but such enlistments as are authorized in
any State under the provisions of this act are only
to continue until such State shall have been made
subject to a call for troops; and no enlistment is
to be made of any soldier, either in or out of any
State, except those enumerated in the act, unless
full credit is given to the State to which the en-
listed soldier belongs.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, if this bill had
been submitted to the consideration of the Senate
to receive a final vote when it catne from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I apprehend that very
few votes would have been recorded in its favor.
I suppose that at this time it will probably pass,
for I know the amount of persuasions and im-
portunities that have been addiessed to members
of the Senate in order to induce them to assent
to its being passed; and indeed so strong and per-
suasive have been the political and personal argu-
ments which have been addressed to me, that
there have been moments when I almost felt in-
clined to let the bill pass by default. But, sir, I
believe it to be my duty to put myself on record
on this subject, that it may be known hereafter,
•when the evils thatare to spring fioin tiie passage
of this bill shall be patent, that I had no part or
lot in it.
Now, Mr. President, what is the bill? A call
was made originally upon the States in propor-
tion to the people, and now in proportion to the
number of men who are capablc of bearing arms,
to rally to the standard of the country in its de-
fense. All the States have patriotically responded;
but some have been able to fill up their quotas
completely, while others have not been successful
in doing it. This bill proposes that those States
which have not thus been successful in fillingup
their quotas under the President's proclamations
shall be permitted to go into certain States in re-
bellion and there secure the enlistment of colored
men who have hitheito been slaves, induce them
by bounties or otherwise to enlist in their behalf,
and apply the men thus enlisted upon their quotas.
That is what the bill now under consideration
is, and to that I have a great many insuperable
objections. In the first place, if you poss this bill
you will demoralize, in a great degree, your
Army, and you will render" confusion worse con-
founded " in every one of your armies along the
line. Every State that is now in arrears, and
many that are not in airears but who anticipate
a future draft, will send their agents into those
several States for the purpose of recruiting in an-
ticipation of future drafts, to be applied upon the
quotas that are anticipated in those States. You
will have a cloud of men rushing into your Army
lines; they will be the representatives of States,
subordinate to their States, but not subordinate
to the military authorities within w hose jurisdic-
tion they may be. The priccs paid for these on-
listed men will be run up to exorbitant figures,
precisely as the competition of your various agents
raised the prices of arms during the first twelve.,
months of this war, when they went to foreign
countries to buy them; and I suppose in the end
a proposition will be made here, and-doubtless at
some time or other will pass, to have the national
Government assume the payment of all the boun-
ties thatare now to be paid by the States for the
purpose of filling up their respective quotas.
We have acknowledged the belligerent rights
of the rebels. One of the rights incident to that
condition of things, I understand, is to recruit
within their own limits. We have denied them
the power of recruiting within our limits, and
hung two of their men because they were engaged
in recruiting within the lines of our armies. Now,
what is to restrain the agents of Massachusetts
or Iowa or Connecticut or any other State from
going beyond our lines? If they happen acci-
dentally to be caught beyond those lines and are
hung by the rebels, is the Federal Government
to become responsible for it and to establish a
system of reprisal and retaliation? Who is to
have control of these agents? How is itpossible
that you will be able to control them yourselves?
This bill had not passed the House of Represent-
atives fifteen minutes before two citizens of my
State came to me and desired me to assist them
m procuring permission to go down into the rebel
States to recruit men in behalf of my own State;
and if I had not told them that I was utterly op-
posed to the bill and did not believe it would re-
ceive the sanction of the cool judgment of a ma-
jority of the Senate, I presume that even from that
State, although its quota is more than full, a cloud
of men would have sought to be agents to go down
South to recruit, m the anticipation of any draft
that might hereafter be made.
Now, let us see how fair this is to the States.
Under the calls as they now stand—and I only
use the States which I shall name by way of il-
lustration—under the calls that have hitherto been
made, the State of Iowa has more than filled its
quota, not counting the reenhsted men. So has
the State of Vermont; so has the State of Con-
necticut; so have several other States. Now, sup-
pose that the laige States of New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Ohio have not filled their quotas by
thirty thousand each, making a gross amount of
ninety thousand; the Government discover that
they want ninety-thousand more men. You al-
low New York and Pennsylvania and Ohio to go
down South and recruit these men from this res-
ervoir which we have in reserve with which to
meet that call for ninety thousand men, and then
there will be a call upon the State of Vermontfor
three thousand of that ninety thousand, upon the
State uf Connecticut for four thousand, and upon
the State of Jowa for six thousand. But if, on
the other hand, you require of the States of New
York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio to fill uptheirquo*
tas as they best may, and the States of Vermont,
Connecticut, and Iowa have filled up their quotas,
then here is a reservoir to which the national Gov-
ernment can come, and from which they can sup-
ply the ninety thousand men that may be neces-
sary to meet the requirements of the Government.
Is it just that these States should be permitted to
go down and expend their wealth and recuperate
their quotas by drawing into their forces these
colored men that belong propei ly to all of us
jointly? I think not.
Suppose the State of Massachusetts—and I
illustrate it by the State of Massachusetts only
because the chanman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is right before me and represents that
State—suppose the State of Massachusetts is now
behindhand in her quota of twenty thousand men,
and with her immense wealth she goes down into
South Carolina and Louisiana and there fills up
her quota from colored men. I do not know how
well the troops from Massachusetts reenhst; but
suppose the men who enlisted less than a year
and a half ago and who have not had an oppor-
tunity to recnlist do not reenlist when the op-
portunity is offered them, and Massachusetts con-
tinues to fill up her quota by enlisting colored men
to supply the places of these outgoing men who
fail to reeniist, what will be the condition of its
troops before the end of two years? Why, sir,
Massachusetts will be found fighting for the Union
with an armed body of colored men by the side of
my State furnishing as many troops as she docs,
if not more, but not one colored man, or not over
a few hundred, and they all raised at home. Does
anybody suppose there would be a.very amiabl®
and fraternal condition of sentiment in the A*myi
when it is known that one "State is represented
entirely., or almost entirely, by. colored troops
bought up, to our disadvantage, within the coutv
try that is in insurrection against us, while we are
fighting with the best blood that we have within
our jurisdiction?
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in^
dulge me for a moment, Massachusetts may iill
up, as he calls it, that is, obtain black troops to
replace the'white troops who go out, but those
troops will not be Massachusetts troops. They
will be officered'by the United States Govern-
ment and placed in the United States colored regi-
ments. They will not be Massachusetts troops,
but \yill be credited to her; so that finally we may
be without Massachusetts troops altogether.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the little circular which
has been placed on our tables to-day by the ad-*
vocates and friends of this bill seems to convey
the idea that they are to be officered by the re-
spective States in whose interest they are raised.
Mr. COLLAMER. No; it is the other way
as I read it. They are not officered by the State.
Mr. SHERMAN* Undoubtedly they are offi-
cered by the State, if white men in any of thes§
States enlist, because they go into any regiment
they select, for instance, a Massachusetts regi-
ment, and become a part of the quota of Massa-
chusetts; but if negroes are enlisted, they go into
the United States colored regiments and are offi-
cered by the United States Government.
Mr. COLLAMER. The statement in this cir-
cular is this:
"Although, tho regiments thus raised on account of north-
ern quotas will not be officered by the Governors of tbo
.Slates to which they are credited, any disadvantage which
may be thought to attach to that consideration will, it Is
believed, be more than counterbalanced by the fact that
they will be enrolled in the national Army," &.c.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as I am concerned, it
matters not who furnishes the officers, or how
they are furnished, or where they come from. It
is enough for me to know that under the provis-
ions of this bill a wealthy State can go, by its
agents, into the States that are m rebellion, and
there, with the aid of its money, purchase sub-
stitutes for its soldiers, while the citizens of my
State, not being in a condition to buy soldiers,
are compelled themselves to fight.
But it may be said that if we do not adopt this
method, ail these States that are now in arrears
will pay the §300 commutation money. Grant
it. That is bad enough; but it is a great deal bet-
ter that they should pay the $300, and we shall
procure these colored men, that we should bccome
responsible for them, that we should teach our
people to feel an interest in them, that we should
protect and defend them, than it is that they should
be considered, as they will be, as the mercenaries
of any State that sees fit to hire them.
Mr, SHERMAN. The Senator from Iowa
in discussing this bill seems not to draw a dis-
tinction made here between the negro troops that
may be enlisted by the agents of the other States
and the white troops. If negro troops arc enlisted
by the agents of the northern States, they enter'
into the iegiments(of United States colored troops.-
They are credited to the State holding out the in-
ducement to them to enlist; but they enter into
the regiments of United States colored troops.
But if white men are enlisted m the southern
States by the operation of northern bounties, they
enter into northern regiments. Take the State
to which the Senator has already alluded, or take
my own State, for instance: if Ohio sends agents
into the southern States, under this bill, and en-
lists white men, they will form partof our white
regiments, to be officered by the Governor of the
State of Ohio; but if Ohio bounties induce black-
men to enlist, they enter into the United States
eolored regiments and are officeied by the United
States.
There is some justice in this bill when applied
to white men. There is no serious objection to
allowing the agents of the northern States to go
into the southern States where we have no Gov-
ernors, no officials to enlist for us, and recruit
white men to enter the service of the United
States in northern regiments. There is no great
harm in that. If there are loyal men in those
States who are willing to serve in the Army, there
is no organization in which they can enter unless
they can erUer into northern regiments, because
