1864.
T0E COSFGRESSID5T:AL
ordered; and also moved to lay the motioii to re-
consider on tlie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CRAVENS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question being on Mr. Pike's amendment
to the amendment,
Mr. COFFR.OTH. I suggest a mollification
to the amendment. ''
The SPEAKER. 'It js not amendable.
Mr. PIKE called for the yeas and nays on his
amendment. ' . *
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in j
the negative—yeas 47, nays 102, not voting 33; !
as follows: j
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley. |
'Augustus C. tSaldwin, Baxter, Blow, Broomall, James S. !
Brown, Clrahfrr, Freeman Clarke, Ooffioth, Cre^well, j
Henry Winter Davis, I)awof>, Doming, Donnelly, Garfield, ;
Gooeh,Gns>wold, Hale, Apahel W. Ilubbaui. John II. Hub-
bard, Ingersoli, Julian, Mttlejofon, Marvin, McBnde, Me-
Clurg, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Nelson, Oifh, Patterson,
Pendleton, Pike, Pomeroy, Alexander fl. Riee, John N.
Rice, Smith, Stevens, Ttaey, Van Valkenhmgh, Wads-
worth, IShhu B. Wat.-hbuine, and Chilton A. White—47.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, I aily, John
D. Baldwin, Boainan. Blaine, Blair, BIins. Boutwell, Boyd,
William G. Brown,Cobb, Cole, Cravens,ThomasT. Davis,
I)aw?on, Denison, Dixon,Driggs, Keklev, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldndge, EUot, English, Finelc, I-Vank, Gannon, Grider,
llaiding, Ilaiiingfon, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M.
Harris, Hisbv, llolman, Hooper, llotchkiss, Ilulbnrd,
Ilutchin*, Jenekes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalb-
flei&ch, Kelley,Fjanci5i W.Kellogg,Oilando Kellogg, Ker-
nan, Knapp, Knox, Law, Le Blond, Loan,Long, Loncvear,
Mnllory, Marey,McAllister,McDowell, Melndoe, McKiu-
ney, Middleton, Samuel l\ Miller, William H. Miller,
James It. Morns; Morrison, Amos Myers, Leonaid Myer>,
Noble, Norton, Odell, (Jhniles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Per-
ham, P 'rry, Piuyn, Uadford. Samuel J. Uandall, William
H Uandall, Robin-on, James S. IvoHins, Itovs, Sehenek,
Shannon. Sloan. Snmher?,Spu]din<r,S?i!eH.Strouse Stuait,
Thayer, Upson, Ward, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph W. Whit*3, Williams, Wilder,
Wihon, Windoni, and Wmfield—102.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson,
Btuudegee, Biooks, Ambio^e W. Claik, Clay, Cox, Du-
inout, Farnsworth, Fenton, Grinnell, Hail, llerrick, Kas-
tsoti, King. Lazeai, Motrill,Puce, liogeis,Edward II. Rol-
lins Scofield, Scott, Starr, Stebbms, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Swciit,Thomas, Vooihecs?, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbruige,and Yeaman—133.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment pro-
posed by Mr. Stevens.
M \ MALLORY. 1 rise to a question of order.
Will this amendment enable everybody who is
opposed to the war to become exempt? Will it
apply to peace Democrats?
The SPEAKER. That is not a question of
order.
Mr. MALLORY. Then it is a question of in-
forrmUmn. I wnnt to know.
The SPEAKER. The question is in the na-
ture of debute.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tiie question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 64, not voting 39;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ashley, Baiiy, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boutweil,Broom-
all, Ch.inSer, Cre&well, 'Pimm i&T.DavN, l)<twes, Dawson,
Drilling, Dixon, •Donnelly, Dnggs Eckley,Edgerton,Eliot,
Kenton, Finck, Frank, Gannon, Goocli, Guder, Gn^wold,
Hale, Chain's M. Haifis, timby, Hooper, Hotchkibs, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, John H. Uubbatd, Uurchins, Incer-oll,
Jencke-, Julian, Kolioy, Francis W. Kellogg,OrlandoKel-
loffg, Kertian, Knox, Loan, McAllister, McCiurg, Middle-
ton, Mooiln-ad, Daniel Mom*-, A mo-a Wyer-, Leonaid My-
eis, Norton, Chaile^OWeill, Pcrham, Perry, Pike, Radtord,
Alexander 11. Rice,John H.Rice,iM\vani H. Rollins,Sloan,
Smithers, Spalding, bteven>, fctuait, Sweat, Thayer,
Thomaf-j Hp-oil, Van Valkenbmgh, Elihu B. Washbuine,
Web-tei. Wheeler, Wilder, Wilson, and Wmdoin—79.
NAYS—Messrs William J. Allen, Allison, Ancona, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, James S.-Brown, William G.
Blown, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cobb, (Joffroth, Cole, Cra-
vt lis. Denton, Eden, Eidii(lge,EngIi>h,Gar(ie:ci,Haiding,
Tlamntrton, Benjamin G. Ham*, Heinek, llolman, Hul-
bmd, Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisoh, Kn'app. Law, LeBIond,
Littlejohn, Long, Longyear. Marcy, Maivin, McDowell,
Melndoe, McKuinev, Sai u« 1 F. Miller, William II. Mil-
ler James II. Moms, Mo-ri-on, Noble, John O'Neill, Orth,
Pendh'ton, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, James
S Rolling Ross, Schenck. Shannon, Smith, William G.
Steele, Stiies. Stiou=e,Tiaey, Wadsworth, Ward, William
B. Washbuiu, Whaley, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, and Williams—61.
NOT VOTING—Messis. JamesC. Allen, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Blair, Boyd, BramK'-'e, Brook*, Ambrose W. Clark,
Cox, Uenrv Winter Pavi*, Dunioni, Farnsworth, Grinnell,
Hall, William Johnson, Kns-son, King, Lazcar, Mallory,
McBride, Morrill, NeIsor\, Odell, Patterson, Prlcc, Pruyn,
William H. Randall, Roger?, Scofield, Scott, Starr, Stob-
bins, John B. Steele, Voorhecs, Winficld, Bt*njamiti Wood,
Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeanian—39.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. ANCONA.
Engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The. bill has not been en-
grossed, and goes therefore to the Speaker's table,
ADMIRALTY PROCEEDINGS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the bill of the House (No. 184) to facilitate
proceedings in admiralty and other judicial pro-
ceedings in the port of New York, and for other
purposes, reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
conscription bill-—again.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to reconsider the
vole by which the enrollment bill was ordered to
be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
quartermaster's department. -
Mr. SCHENCK. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No.,
154, to provide for the better organization of the
quartermaster's department, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I withdraw the
motion to reconsidcr, and report the bill back to
the House.
MILITARY OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call up the report
of the Committee of Elections in the case of the
military appointments of Mr. Blair and Mr.
SciieS'ck.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
call up the report by unanimousconsent, two mat-
ters of business being already before the House.
Mr. DAWES, lliope there will be no objec-
tion to this report being called up now. I pro-
pose to call the previous question on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I desire to know
if the admiralty bill cannot be called up now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair called it up, but
the gentleman from Ohio called up a question ot
higher privilege—a motion to reconsider, if there
be no objection the resolution of the Committee
of Elections will be reported and voted on as if
under the operation of the previous question.
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 object.
QUARTERMA&TER's DEPARTMENT AGAIN.
The question reeuned on Senate bill No. 154,
| to provide foi the better organization of the quar-
! tcrmaster's department, with the amendments of
the Committee on Military AlTair.s.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the amend-
ments are some thirty-odd m number,and before
they are read perhaps the House should have
some explanation of them.
The first amendment is to strike outthe words
" under such rules as maybe prescribed by the
Q,uai tennaster General, with the approval of the
Secielury of War/' and in lieu thereof to insert
the words " under the direction of the Quarter-
master General;" so that it will then provide—
That there shall be established in the office of the CAuar-
f'lmastei General of the Arinv, to exist duungthe picsent
rebellion and one year thereaiter, the following division^,
each of which shall be placed in the eharge. of a competent
officer of the quat tennaster^ depaitment, to be assigned to
Mich duty by the Secietaiy of War, who bliall, under the
direction of the Q.uartei master Gcneial, transact the bu&i-
nes=i of such division as hereinafter provided, &c.
The object of that is to leave- the Quartermaster
General at the head of his department as now,
with a general supervision on the part of the Sec-
retary of War, without calling on the Secretary
of War for assignment of each officer who is to
serve at the head of any division in that depait-
ment.
The Committee on Military Affairs propose to
strike out the second section of the Senate bill,
for whatever is provided m that section is con-
tained in other sections of the bill, with this dif-
ference: that section provides that " such officers
of tiie quartermaster's department so authorized
to make purchases, shall not inspect, measure,
weigh, or receive the articles purchased."or con-
tracted for by them, but such inspecting, measur-
ing, weighing, and receiving, shall be performed
by the quu^Terniastprs .atuj^be^ to
or depots for whose,use the.^ticles ate.pu^cha^^d
or contracted foi;,** The effect .of* thai ^tlj be Cp
render it difficult, impossible eyen', to carry o^t
the la\y under whicli supplies can be furj^rslfeil
at alt to the Army. Jt.wiir^rev.erU contracts and
prevent competition.' "For insta^—and £; jptin
explain myself better J5y iUus^a-feion-rif n qqa'rter-
master purchases.supphes from a contractor
Cincinnati, that cpntcactor furnishes them to rtxe
officer at the point \yliere they are'to b$ sept, ap
that the contractor would have to wait until they
went down to Chattanooga or Marietta or Somp
other distant point, and would have no settlement*
no payment, no adjustment of his 'contracts, aiid
there would be no adjustment of the .quarter-
master's own accounts until return was made
.from the inspector at one of those points.
The only argument in favor of the Senate bill
in this particular is that it may be said here is* ja
check, the purchase being made at one place and
the inspection at another. The Committee on
Military Affairs of the House have thought the
only proper way is to secure the; good conduct
under proper inducements and proper penalties of
the officers themselves. They have extended-tjO
inspectors the penalties which apply to o'thejron-
cers. They are held liable totrialbycourt-m^c-
tial, and punishable in the same way as contract-
ors. This has not been the case in regard to in-
spectors. It leaves the inspectors to act a.&ji
exercise their functions at the,places where tfie
purchases arc made. They arc held to a stricter
accountability, and these checks are thrown
around them.
In the third section it will be discovered that
the word "by" is stricken out and the words
"under the direction of" inserted. This may
seem to be an unimportant amendment, as it is
merely to strike out a single word and insert four
others; but instead of being unimportant it is the
key to all of the amendments proposed by the
committee of the House to the Senate bill. That
bill contemplates the idea that the head of. each
division in the quartermaster's department shall
live here at Washington, where all thepurchases
are to be made. In other words, the scope of the
Senate bill is for centralizing the whole matter at
Washington. The Committee on-Military Af-
fairs of the House believe, and they have come
to that conclusion after conference with the Quar-
termaster General, who agrees with them, that
centralization in Washington will be to build up
a great monopoly orcontrolling company to sup-
ply everything,and which would putdowa every
sort of competition. They have preferred, there-
fore, instead of this centralizing system which the
Senate bill contemplates, to rely -on the system
which now prevails of having the purchases made
near the places where the farmers bring in their
supplies. The drovers, and those who raise
or are the puichasers of cattle, will have con-
venient access to those who make contracts, and
they may have an interest in contracts of small
amount without being subject to the overshadow-
ing influence of central monopolies which would
take possession of the whole system at the seat
of Government. •
, The Committee on Military Affairs regarded
I this as a very important change in the general
! features and principles of the bill, and if ger.tlc-
men will lake the tiouble to run through the bill,
\ they will find that most of the amendments of the
i Senate merely provide for tlie restoration of that
principle by which contracts and purchases may
| be made near the place of production. This
' attempt to centialize the whole matter here as
j: the Senate bill would do is bioken up; in other
! words I might say that the tendency of the Sen-
!, ate bill is centripetal, wlule the tendency of the
I; amendments of the House committee are centrif-
|! ugal. We wish to drive off professional cou-
; tractors and to get contracts where the formers
'! and producers and manufacturers of goods Ciyi
i enter fairly into competition with others, and wltere
; they will not be subjected to the overshadowing
j and grasping power of any central company that
! may be built up at the seat of Government, l'ol-
' lowing up that idea, in the latter part of the sam«
section it is provided that depot q,uarternsasU'ra
shall retain the contracts, but they aie required
to report all contracts to the head of division arul
to keep a check hereafter on all contracts that
may be made; not only the contracts, but all the
