14M
'MM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
April 4,
there are no State organizations of white men in
the southern States, I believe, according to law.
If I am mistaken in thisi;l shall be glad to be cor-
rected; but I understand there are no white Lou-
isiana regiments, no white South Carolina regi-
ments, no white North Carolina regiments, and
consequently'the only way in which a loyal man
in the southern States, who chooses to do so, can
enter the military service of the United States, is
to enlist in one of the northern regiments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to inquire if there are not in
Tennesseeand Arkansas regiments of whitemen?
Mr. SHERMAN. Tennessee is not embraced
in this bill; Arkansas is. I do not know that
there are any white Arkansas regiments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood that there
■were some regiments raised in Arkansas.
Mr. WILSON. Some regiments have been
raised in Arkansas by General Steele, commander
of the department; but the officers, 1 suppose,
have been appointed by the Government.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state to the Senator that
there are white regiments in Alabama, one of
which was raised nearly a year ago, and is com-
manded by a man from my State.
, Mr. SHERMAN. As soon as these States
are received back into the Union and are repre-
sented on the floor of Congress, they cease to be
embraced 111 this bill, as I understand the terms'
of it. The objection 1 have to the bill is, that it
will allow agents from the northern States to go
down into the southern States and enlist black
men in United States regiments, and yet the credit
of those black men is to be given to the State that
enlists them. It will create a competition that
will be discreditable, and I think injurious to the
public service. The State of Ohio, for instance,
is said to be deficient a certain number of men,
and she may have to enforce a draft in order to
raise that number. "We send our agents into
Louisiana and into those other southern States
for the purpose of recruiting black men. We
meet there the agents from all the different States.
It will create a competition which, in my judg-
ment, will be injurious to the public service. I
believe that all the black men who are enlisted ill
these seceded States ought to be entered by them-
selves in United States regiments separate and
apart from tin; State organizations. There is no
reason in the world why the notthern State that
scuds money to these southern States to recruit
black men should be credited for the men recruited
there. The bounties and inducements now held
out by the Government to black men are sufficient
to get them into the service of the United States
without inviting this cooperation from State
agents.
In my judgment, every State ought to fill up its
quota. If it cannot do it in any other way, let
it be done by a draft, and not send competing
agents to the southern States for the purpose of
inducing black men to enter our service and hav-
ing them credited to their quota. I think every
State ought to be compelled to fill its quota.
I shall, therefore, vote against this bill unless it
is confined to white men alone. I have no ob-
jection whatever to the bilkif it is confined to the
enlistment of white men. Where white men in
the southern States choose to enlist in any of the
northern regiments, I think the State to which the
regiment belongs should be credited with those
enlistments; but-to extend that principle to black
men, when there are United States regiments in
which they can enter, 1 think would be unjust.
I shall vote against the bill unless that change is
made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I un-
derstand one portion of this bill. I should like
to inquire of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs what is meant by the provision
in the tenth and eleventh lines that these colored
troops "shall be assigned as now provided by
law?"
Mr. WILSON. It means tliat they shall be
assigned to the United States colored regiments
officered by the Federal Government. By the
existing law, the Government of the United States
enlists colored men and the President appoints
theofficeis; and this bill provides that if the States
shall enlist colored men they shall go into such
colored regiments as may be designated, and bo
officered by the Federal Government. That is
the intention of that clause.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
to me that the passage of this bill will have a very
bad effect upon the public service of the country.
As the Senator from Ohio has very justly re-
marked, it is introducing a competition between
the different States in the enlistment of these col-
ored troops in the South; and it is also inaugu-
rating a competition between the Government of
the United States and the various States.
I have thought from the early stages of this
war that a very great mistake had been made in
giving the large bounties that liave been offered
by to wns and counties and States and the General
Government for procuring soldiers. I think it
would have been much better if, when this rebel-
lion commenced, we had passed a law forbidding
the giving of these bounties to raise troopsin any
of the States. In my judgment, it would have
been much better if the people of the States had
expended the sum they devoted to bounties in
providing for the families of the soldiers, in taking
care of those who were dependent on the soldiers
that volunteered or who were drafted into the
public service of the country. But, sir, that policy
has been adopted, and we have created a vast debt
by giving these very large bounties—not only a
national debt which is now pressing severely upon
us and affecting the credit of the Government,
leading to expansion in all directions, inflating
the currency, and besetting us with many dan-
gers, but the States and counties and towns have
also incurred vast debts.
It is now proposed to authorize the States which
have not filled up their quotas to go down into
the southern States where our armies march, and
compete with each other and with the Federal
Government in filling up the ranks of our armies
by offering bounties. This will have no applica-
tion tomyState. Wehave furnished all the troops
required by all the calls, and that without any
draft in the State of Illinois; and almost every
man who has gone to the war from that State is
a white man. There has been an attempt to raise
a colored regiment, and I believe a part of a col-
ored regiment has been raised in Illinois; but we
have more than furnished all the troops called for
from that State from white persons.
This measure will produce confusion. Of course
it will be the end of enlisting troops into the ser-
vice of the country by the Federal Government if
this bill passes, so far as the enlistment of the
colored population of the southern States is con-
cerned. Men are now enlisting and being brought
into the service of the country theie through the
agency of the Federal Government. Pass this bill,
and that will cease, because the States will pay a
laiger bounty than the Federal Government pays;
which, as I understand it, does not propose to
continue the bounties that have been hitherto paid
for any considerable length of time.
Mr. WILSON. They are stopped now.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. fhe payment of those
bounties is stopped already, the Senator informs
me.
Again: as has been truly said by the Senator
from Iowa, you exhaust the fund, so to speak,
which belongs to all the States; and if half a
million men should hereafter be required, the
State of Illinois would have to furnish her pro-
portion of that half million men; whereas, if
this bill does not pass, there may be no occasion
for a future draft, because the Federal Govern-
ment may be able to keep up its Army to the re-
quisite standard by the enlistments which it may
make in .the southern States. The enlistments
that are to be made under this bill will go to fill
up the callsalready made. Itexhausts the num-
ber of men from which the Government may
draw by placing them in the ranks and ciediting
them to those States which have not furnished
their quota. It seems to me that this is unjust
to the States that have furnished their quotas. I
think the effect of it would be bad in every
way. lam sure it would be bad ill my State if
we go home to Illinois and tell the people of that
State, who have sent their sons and the best young
men of the State to aid in putting down this re-
bellion, that other States have not furnished an
equal number in proportion to their population
with the State of Illinois, but have taken their
money and have gone down into the regions of
country conquered by our troops, and hav'e hired
negroes to enter the service, and that they here-
after are td carry on the war in company with
these hired troops in the South and not in com-
pany with the quotas furnished by the other
States from their young men, as the State of Illi-
nois has furnished hers.
I can seenothing butevil in this bill. I seeno
possible good to result from it. W^hy pass it ?
What is the object of it? What are you to gain
by it? Have we not already a law authorizing
the Federal Government to organize and arm
these colored troops? I ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs what possible ben-
efit can be derived from this bill? Do you dis-
trust the Government? Is not the Federal Gov-
ernment competent to manage this thing, that
each State must take hold of it? I cannot for
the life of me see what possible benefit is to accrue
out of this bill, unless you assume that the Fed-
eral Government is incompetent to discharge its
duties and each State must go to work to raise an
army for the Federal Government. The only
thing I can see about it is that it will enable cer-
tain States which have not supplied their quotas
to fill up their quotas with money instead of with
men. 1 think the effect of it would be bad. I
hope the bill will not meet with the concurrence
of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, this bill comes
from the House of Representatives, having passed
that body by a vote of about two to one. It was
introduced into the House by a gentleman who
has been m the military service, commanding a
corps in the Southwest, and received the cordial
support of several other gentlemen recently con-
nected with the Army. General Garfield said,
when- the bill was pending, that hS believed it the
best bill which had been introduced into Congress
during the session, or words to that effect. The
Senator from Iowa telle us that if a vote had been
taken at the time it came from the House few
would have voted for it, although he thinks a ma-
jority will vote for it now; and I hope he is right
m his anticipation. But, sir, the Senator from
Illinois does not see any good that can come from
passing this bill.
1 believe there are some twelve or fifteen States
that have not filled their quotas, and the large
bounties having now expired, they will have to
draft to fill their quotas. It is an easy thing for
the Senator from Illinois and for a few Senators
to speak in high commendation of the action of
the people of their States in promptly responding
to the calls that have been made upon them; but
I venture to say to the Senator from Illinois that
several of the States that have not yet completed
their quotas have quite as many men m the Army
and in the Navy in proportion to the number of
men liable to do duty as have the States of Illinois
and Indiana. Those States have filled their quotas
more readily than other States, and the reason is
a very plain one— 
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire what States the
Senator refers to?
Mr. WILSON. I refer to several.
Mr. GRIMES. To several that have more
men now in the Army and Navy than their quota ?
Mr. WILSON. That have more than filled
their quota?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr.WILSON. My pointwasthatStates which
it is said have not filled their quotas have really
in the service, including the Army and Navy,
more men than some of the States that have over-
filled their quotas, for the reason that the latter
Stales have a vast number of young men. Take
the States of Indiana and Massachusetts as an
illustration. They have in the State of Indiana
118,000 more inhabitants than Massachusetts, and
of that 118,000 103,000 are males; and it is so in
most of these young western States. The young
men of the country have thronged there.
The vast number of foreign immigrants in the
country counts against the old Atlantic States.
Large numbers of that class of men are enrolled,
but when you come to draft them they do not
respond to it: they are not liable to do duty.
Mr. HOWE. We have two to your one.
Mr. WILSON. You have a great many I
know in some of your western States; but the for-
eign population, scattered over the agricultural
parts of the country, go I think more readily into
the service than those in our large cities, and have
been more enthusiastic in support of the war and
the policy of the country.
The Federal Government has enlisted during
