2380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
the initial point may be had. If the bill is liable
to such a construction why not amend it? Why
cling to the language of the original bill? The
way it is at present amended is not the language
of the original bill; but I do not object to it. The
language of the original bill was the " Republican
river/' It is now the " Republican fork of the
Kansas river." The Senator makes no objec-
tion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mistaken.
There is no mention of any " fork'* in the bill as
it is amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. It was so read by the
Secretary just now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Idid not understand him
to read it so. I will ask that it be reported again*
The Secretary read, as follows:
And said company is hereby authorized and empowered
to lay out, locate, construct, finish, maintain, and enjoy a
continuous railroad and telegraph, with the appurtenances
thereto, from a point on the one hundredth meridian of
longitude west from Greenwich,between the south margin
of the valley ot the Republican iorJt of the Kansas river
and the north margin of the Platte river.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is right, because the
name of the branch of the Kansas river is the
Republican fork.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not object to it be-
cause itchangesand makes properthe description
of that which was uncertain before; bur. I believe
there is a river in that section of the country called
the Republican river.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is sometimes
callcd the Republican river, and sometimes the
Republican fork.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not object to it; but
it is a change from the law of the last Congress.
The description here, perhaps, is proper; but
why does the Senator from Illinois object to mak-
ing that clear and plain which is now in doubt?
Four or five Senators have spoken, and they all
differ &bout the construction of the law of the last
session. Then why not make it plain? Why
should" we be so tenacious about the words that
were adopted by the Senate two years ago, as to
lose sight of the main principle of the measure?
1 think the Senator, on ^consideration, will let
these words be stricken out.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The language of this bill
is very peculiar, and so was that of the original
bill in defining the points between which this rail-
road was to begin. They used these most ex-
traordinary words, "the south margin of the
valley of the river," not the south margin of the,
river. 1 should like to know where the east mar-
gin of the valley of the Mississippi is? It is the
Alh'ghany mountains; and the west margin of
the valley of the Mississippi would be the Rocky
mountains. This language, i( the south margin
of the valley," is the most indefinite and unde-
finablo language that could be used'in describing
the valleys of ttoc great Hvers of this country. It
takes a sweep of hundreds and thousands of miles.
The-reason why these words, " m the Territory
of Nebraska," were inserted was to give definite-
ness to that which was otherwise exceedingly in-
definite.
Now, if you look upon the map the river itself
on the one hundredth met id urn is in the Teintoi y
of Nebraska. It is not in the State of Kansas,
nor within forty miles of the State of Kansas. 1
repeat that the Republican fork of the river on
the one hundiedih meridian is in the Territory of
Nebraska, forty miles and n\orefrom the State of
Kansas.
_ Mr. POMEROY. It is not five miles from the
line. The only question is whether it is five miles
or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE.' The south margin of the
valley would extend into Kansas. It would ex-
tend as a matter of course to the highlands which
separate the waters that flow into the Republican
fork from the waters that flow into the Solomon
fork, which is the next one south.
Mr. POMEROY. I was not talking about the
valley, but about the river itself, which is very
near there.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, The base line of the sur-
vey by the maps shows that the Republican fork
rums away up into the Territory of Nebraska. It
is true, when you go two or three degrees of longi-
tude further west there is a little lake in Kansas
which seems to be the head of this Republican
river; but this river takes a direction running
northwest across up into Nebraska, and then
down again into Kansas. Thatisthe way it evi-
dently is on the map. There is a lake in Kansas,
and then from that the river runs up into the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska. The words " in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska" were inserted in this clause on
purpose to say that the south line should be the
limit south to which they might go in fixing this
starting point on the hundredth meridian of longi-
tude, and to avoid the other question, which was
very much discussed heretofore, whether it was
within the constitutional power of Congress to
create a corporation to build a railroad within a
State. We avoided both questions by inserting
these words, " in the Territory of Nebraska,"
which fixes the south line to which it could go.
Now, I will say, in relation to this matter, and
I think we have some right to speak upon it, rep-
resenting, as we do, the western States, though
none of the States west of Michigan happened
to be represented on the committee; we had no
voice in this business 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iowa is represented.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. None of the northern
range of States is represented. We thought that
as we had interests in this matter, as we had a
great many railroads that were pointing in this
direction, we had about as good a right to be rep-
resented on the committee and have something to
say on the subject as the States that lie just on
the central line—Kansas, Missouri,'Illinois, and
Iowa. We think now that the committee ought
to be satisfied set least to leave this matter of the
starting point of the railroad where it was fixed
two yeais ago. We are satisfied to let that stand ;
and if there is an attempt to change the starting
polpt, I confess, for one, I am not entirely satis-
fied. This bill undertakes to change the starting
point by runningdown to what is called the south
margin of the Smoky Hill fork of the Kansas
river, winch is down next to the Arkansas river,
for the Arkansas river is the next river which lies
south of the Smoky Hill fork; and when you
come to the south margin of the valley of the
Smoky Hill fork you get just to the dividing
line between the Smoky Hill fork and the Ai-
kansas. It changes the starting point more than
one hundred miles.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Oh, no.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainty it does by the
map. I do not desire to take up the time of the
Senate. I simply "say to the committee that I
hope they will leave the starting point to stand
where it was fixed when the matter was discussed
before.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oideied.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to make one
statement befoie the vote is taken, and 1 will not
detain the Senate. Senators will see by examin-
ing Johnson's map recently published that the
south margin of the valley of the Republican fork
of the Kansas river is some twenty-five or thirty
miles in Kansas; that the main road that runs
from Atchison, in Kansas Territory, to Denver,
in the valley of that river, is some twenty-five
miles inside of the State of Kansas at the point
of the one hundredth meridian. If these words
be retained it will make it almost utterly impos-
sible for the company to obtain an eligible posi-
tion if they go on the south bank of the Repub-
lican fork. That certainly was not the intention
of the original bill. It was a mistake at the time,
and those words ought to be stricken out.
Mr. DAVIS. I am requested by my colleague
[Mr. Powell] to state that he is necessarily ab-
sent at the Departments.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 17; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Conncss, Davis,
Dixon, Harding, Heiideison, Howard, Lane of Karibas,
Moiq.m, Pomeioy, Richardson, Saulsburv, Van Winkle,and
Willey—15.
NAVS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Col lamer, Doohttle,
Fevsendi-Mi, Foot, Fosler, Fiale, Harlan, Hams, Howe,
Itamsey, Sherman, Suinaer, Trumbull, Wade, and Wil-
kinson—17.
.ABSENT—Meters. Brown, Carlile, Cowan, Grimes,
Hendricks, Hicks, Johnson,Lane of Indiana, McDougali,
Morrill, Nrsnnth, Powell, Kiddie, Sprague, Ten Eyck,
Wilson, and Wright—17.
°  
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HARLAN. I have another amendment
that I wish to present. Before doing so, how-
ever, I desire to remark that, as far as I under-
il stand it, the phraseology of this bill was never
fixed by a vote of the committee. I say this that
I may be understood by the Senate and more par-
ticularly by the chairman of the committee. The
committee, at a meeting at which I was present,
decided on the principles that should control in
drawing up the bill, and having great confidence,
as every member of the committee had, in the
ability of the chairman of the committee, they
directed him to draw up the bill on those princi-
ples; so that if we discover or suppose we dis- *
cover some defect or want of congruity in the
language, I trust it will not be construed as op-
posing a decision of the committee, for, as I before
remarked, at no meeting when I was present was
the phraseology of the bill ever decided on by a
Vote of the committee. I move, on page 5, line
one hundred and three of section one, after the
word " shall," to insert:
On which the assessments provided for in this act, not
less than ten per cent, of the par value, have been actually
paid in money.
The purpose that controls me in offering this
amendment is this: on the following page, the 6th
page, there is this provision:
And every person now a subscriber to said capital stock,
for each share of $1,000 heretofore subscribed and on which
there has been paid not less than ten per cent., shall be
entitled to a ceitificate for ten shares of $100 each on the
surrender of his oiigmal certificate.
So that no person now a member of the corpo-
ration, who holds stock on which he may have
paid less than ten per cent., can vote on a share.
The phraseology as it now stands unamended on
the 5th page, would entitle a new subscriber to
vote before he had paid anything on the new stock
thus subscribed. That would enable individuals
now coming into the organization to take control
of the organization without paying in any money,
taking it out of the hands of those who originally
organized the company under the law as it now
stands. This, of course, was not the intention of
the committee, or of the chairman of the commit-
tee. If this amendment shall prevail it will place
the holders of the new stock hereafter to be sub-
scribed iujftlie same situation precisely with the
holders ofthe old stock.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will turn to
the 3d page he will see that no new subscriptions
can be made until ten per cent, is paid in. In the
forty-seventh and forty-eighth lines, after speak-
ing about books being opened in these various
cities to receive new subscriptions, it is said that
before the subscriptions arc taken the subscriber
"shall pay to the treasurer of the company an
amount per share subscribed by him equal to the
amount per share previously paid by the then
existing stockholders." That is precisely the
same provision, but 1 have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to the
amendment. It does not change the meaning at
all.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment: on page 6, line one hundred and twenty-
three, section one, after the word " paid" insert
" or may hereafter be paid according to the pro-
visions of this act."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move to amend on the
8th page by inserting in line one hundred and
sixty-eight of section one, after the word "paid"
these words, " as such directors each." The
text is," they shall, while tibsent from home at-
tending to their duties, be paid their actual trav-
eling expenses and compensation at the rate of
eight dollars per day, for the time thus actually
employed." I suppose the object is to pay each
of these Government directors eight dollars a *
day, but the phraseology as it now stands I think
might be construed to limit them to the amount
of eight dollars for the services of both persons.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. On page 11, commencing in
line forty-four of section three, I move that the
following words be stricken out:
And shall aIr<o deduct from the damages to be awarded
to the applicant for the same any xncrea?.e in the value due
to the construction ot the road, of the premises letamed by
him, provided such premises foimed a portion of those taken.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. That provision is nothing but
a reenactment of a clause which is found in al-
most every railroad charter in m odcrn times.
