358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
II em flu from Illinois in offering his amendment
was lo prevent, the payment of our soldiers and
sailors in the depreciated currency of State banks
—of western and middle States banks.
t suppose that is what the gentleman is desirous
of getting at. I am quite sure he does not mean
to say that when the Government of the United
Slates employsanybody it is not fair to pay him
in the money of the United States. I have there-
fore attempted to avoid the difficulty which the
gentleman seemed to anticipate from the payment
of sailors in the depreciated currency of western
banks—for that is the only depreciated currency
in the country—by requiring that they shall be
paid in lawful money of the United States. I
know of nobody who will object to that, except
the gold speculators and bullion gamblers of New
York and parts adjacent.
Mr. BROOKS. Ioppose the amendment to the
amendment. This is a question, Mr. Chairman,
which deeply interests my constituents, many of
whom arc in the naval service. There are dis-
tinctions already drawn by the United States and
by the laws of the United States in regard to the
mode and manner in which public creditors shall
be paid. The greatest of the creditors, the noblest
of the creditors, the most patriotic creditors of the
Government, are those who bear the country's
flag upon the ocean, protect her commerce, and
aid in preventing the interference of France or
England in the rebellion now existing. There are
no cieditois like these, none so patriotic, none so
well deserving of their country. If preference is
to be given to any class of men it should be given
to that class which, on the ocean, in tempesi and
in calm, by night and by day, on all occasions and
at all times, not only protect the vast coasts of this
country, but are in a position to resist all aggres-
sions threatened from abroad. But there are other
classes of public creditors already jtfotected by
the legislation of the country; and the only ob-
ject of the amendment of the gentleman from Illi-
nois is to bring the sailors and seamen and com-
missioned officers of our Navy into that category
of preferred creditors.
* Now, who are these preferred creditors? Our
ministers at England, at France, and at all the
other courts of tlie world; our consuls whocover
the East and the European continent. They arc
not content to receive their pay in what the gen-
tleman denominates " lawful money of the Uni-
ted States," but they receive fiorn this Govern-
ment gold and silver only in payment for their
set vices in foreign lands.
In what attitude does ihe United States itself
stand to all the importers of this country? Gold
was yesterday 158 per cent, in New Yoik. The
tariff of ihe United States, imposed for the pro-
tection of domestic manufactures ant! forthe sup-
port of the Government, when it fixed the rates
of duties on foreign goods at thirty, forty, or
fifty per cent., makes these rates payable, not in
lawful money of the United States, but in gold.
The Government has insisted upon the letter
of the law, has insisted upon its importers paying
forevery^dollar of duties exacted upon their goods
in New York fifty-eight cents premium upon what
the law intended at the time that law was made.
No article can be impoited from abroad, not even
the arms and munitions of war, not even the iron
plating for our naval vessels so necessary for the
defense of our coast and the protection of our
commerce, without paying at the custom-house
its tariff in specie or in gold.
The Government of the United States, then, in
this distinction which it draws for itself in the
payment of its duties and the payment of a cer-
tain class of its ci editors, recognizes the principle
for which the gentleman fiom Illinois contends,
that in the same desciiption of funds which the
Government exacts for itself, it should pay the
gallant defenders of the country and the soldiers
who are upholding with their lives the honor and
flas of the country.
What is the next preference which the United
Stales Government gives lo its creditors? A loan
of $.>00,000,000 has just been taken by the capi-
talists of the canary. It is nominally a six per
cent, loan, but the e< tual interest upon it m the
lawful money of the country is nine per cent.; and
while you are borrowing this money ftom the
capitalists—who, be if •••poken to their credit and
their honor, are pouring it out into the Treasury of
the country without stint—while they are receiv-
ing the payment of their interest in gold and silver
upon that debt, all the gentleman from Illinois
asks is that what you do to the capitalists of the
country, that the preference you give to them in
the loan, the interest of which is paid in gold and
silver, you shall also do and give to the sailors of
the Navy. I do not mean necessarily that you
must pay them in gold and silver, but that you
pay its equivalent in the lawful money of the Uni-
ted States.
The principle advocated by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. J. C. Allen] is right, that where
there are preferred creditors, and preferred modes
of doing business, the soldier and the sailorshould
have the first preference.
In point of equity, too,, it is also right. It is but
proper that we should pay out the sums of money
we receive, of the same description of money
which we receive, or its equivalent, tothesailors
of the Navy. We are now paying them in acur-
lency greatly depreciated, depreciated to an ex-
tent of requning 58 to make the equal of adol-
lar ot the money you contracted to pay them. It
is impossible for the sailors of the Navy to live
upon that pittance, and much less is it possible
for them to provide for the support of their fami-
lies. No bounty is given them; no three, four,
five, six hundred dollars, which you pay to the
volunteers of the Army, is given to them. The
gallant tars ofNew England and New Yoi k which
man our vessels-of-war for the defense of our
coastsand the protection of our commerce, these
men have volunteered without bounty, but these
men have expected fiom the United States that
preference m the payment of their wages, that
equal and exact jusiice which is given to the foi-
eign minister, the foreign consul, the bondholder,
and which the Government of the United States
exacts for itself. They have expected this, and
they demand thatequal and exact justice shall be
done them.
Mr. Chairman, there is no terrifying sum in-
volved in the amendment of the gentleman. There
is nothing alarming m it. The appropriation of
this section is only §19,000,000. The sum is not
large. The United States by economy elsewhere,
such as I hope may be practiced, is entirely able
to pay this amount in gold and silver to the sail-
ors who are now in our Navy. It will not im-
poverish this Government; the sum can easily be
saved elsewhere. We have saved $900,000, al-
most a million, of it to-day in curtailing the ap-
propriations for this Capitol, and we can save it
all by economy in other matters. Buteconomy,
a sordid economy, is not proper m the payment of
the gallant defenders of our country.
Mi. A. MYERS. I hope, Mr. Chairman,the
country, which reads the recoid of our proceed-
ings, will not come to the conclusion that we have
had a bill before us to increase the pay of our
sailors and soldiers; because, upon that assump-
tion, from the little debate that has taken place,
the inference might be drawn that this side of the
House was against such increase.
I do not know, I am notsufliciently acquainted
with the laws thatregulate otti Navy Department,
to know whether we have, m this way, the power
to lnciease the pay of our sailors oi not. Per-
haps that belong;, to the head of the Department.
But, whether we have that power or not, we have
certainly the power, at the proper time, to increase
the pay of the soldier. And we have the power
to do both; and the other side of the House may
discover, when the proper time conies, that, we ore
willing to exercise it.
I ask the pardon of the committee for saying
one woid or for occupying their time for a mo-
ment. I do not know that this is the place to
make stump speeches, though ! havenearly come
to the conclusion that some of us think it is.
This bill, as I understand it, appropriates lar°-e
amounts ot monry for certain specified purposes,
and 1 am opposed to these propositions of inde-
pendent legislation upon such a bill, when we have
it within our power to consider that legislation
legitimately and directly at another time" and in
another way.
I have noticed on several occasions like this
that several honoiable gentlemen whose experi-
ence in pailiamentary proceedings is far greater
than mine, take occasion to raise points, make
aigumcnts,and state facts, the tendency and effect
of which is to leave upon the public, mind the im-
pression that this side of the House are opposed
to any increase in the pay of the soldieror sailor.
Now, I do not know that these are the motives of
the honorable gentlemen; I behove that to charge
that upon them would be unparliamentary and
perhaps unkind; but, sir, when the proper time
arrives they may find that we upon this side of
the House will be ready to introduce propositions,
and in the proper manner sustain them, that will
do full justice both to the sailor and to the soldier,
to the full extent that the necessities of the Treas-
ury will permit. Ifgentlemen upon theotherside
will only wait until the loyal majority which con-
trols the action of this House are ready to take
action in this matter, we can avoid all this trouble
on unseasonable occasions about the poorly paid
sailor and soldier, and the necessity of the increase
of their monthly pay.
Perhaps the honorablegentleman from Illinois,
who offers this amendment, might include Con-
gressmen in his charitable list. Well, sir, I do
not say that I would object to that, though I am
well aware that it is an unpopular proceeding for
a man to advocate the increase of his own pay.
However, I will not express at this time an opin-
ion upon that subject; nor will I say whether, in
my judgment, it is necessary or not. I preferfor
the present to keep quiet upon that point. [Laugh-
ter.]
I understand the object and the sole object of
the bill under consideration to be the appropria-
tion "of a certain amount of money for certain spe-
cified objects relating to a particular branch of the
; public service; and I ask why it is that upon such
| a bill it is sought indirectly to increase the pay of
: persons in the employment of the Government?
| Let us legislate upon the matter legitimately
! before us, and when the proposition of increased
| pay comes up legitimately we can consider it and
! vote upon it. Why, sir, in listening to this de-
; bate, if not a member of the House, I should al-
! most suspect the motive of the gentleman who
j ofiered thisproposition. Knowing the arguments
that have been advanced upon other subjects, list-
ening to the kind of propositions that have been
made, and watching the character of the votes
given, I say I am almost ready to suspect the
motives of gentlemen who pretend, or say, they
sincerely entertain a desire to pay the soldier and
sailor in gold and silver. I do not know but that
the motive may possibly be that gold and silver
are so difficult to procure that if members can
only get a law passed accomplishing that object,
it will tend greatly to embarrass the Government,
which they greatly desire above all things.
I hope no one entertains such a desire; but when
we look at the course pursued by some gentlemen
in relation to other matters and the motives which
seem to actuate them—when we see, for instance,
the dislike they have to taking the property of the
rebels to replenish the public Treasury—it is diffi-
cult not to suspect the motive which led to the
bringing forward of this kind, charitable, loyal,
patriotic, sailor-loving, sailor-reverine proposi-
tion.   f f
Sir, this side of the House is behind that in
nothing that relates to love for the soldier and the
sailor and his payment in the best way the Gov-
ernment can pay him; and when that question
conies properly before the House we shall make
our intentions manifest in that respect.
But, Mr. Chan man, I am not sure that the
sailors are so very poorly paid now if the prizes
that are taken are properly distributed among
them. I may be wrong in making that sugges-
tion, for it may lead to the submission of an
amendment to the gentleman's proposition now
before us. But 1 say, nevertheless, that it may
be, after all, that if the prizes taken are properly
distriouted among the sailors and the brave offi-
ceis who command them upon the seas it may
turn out that our sailors are not poorly paid.
J am under the impression that our soldier's do
not take many prizes that inure to their benefit,
in fact, about the only land craft that runs with-
out grounding is the negro, and in him we do not
recognize any kind of property that we can di-
vide. [Laughter ]
iiut I come back to this inquiry: is the motive
which prompts this amendment at this time and
to this bill, to pay the soldier and the sailor in
gold and silver, one having reference to the benefit
