1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S8I
Mr. HARLAN. The cleCuse as it now stands
provides—
And said commissioners, in their assessments of dam-
ages, shall appraise such premises at what would have been
the value thereof if the road had not been built.
That I propose to leave in the bill, so that the
railroad company will not be compelled to pay
the holder of real estate the enhanced value of the
property growing outof the work that they them-
selves do; but it seems to me to a great hard-
ship to deduct from the original value of what is
left in the hands of the holder the 'supposed en-
hanced value of what the railroad arbitrarily takes
from the owner. It may be that if a man o-wns
ten acres of land on the liiae of this road, and the
railroad company chooses to take five of those
acres, thereby the remaining five acres may be
enhanced in value double the original amount;
and if they take the five acres, paying nothing
therefor, the original holder will bo as rich a man
as he was before. That would be true if he de-
sired to sell his lemd; but if he desired to culti-
vate the remaining five acres for the purpose of
supporting his wife and children, they would not
produce any more bushels of potatoes, wheat, or
corn than they would before the railroad was
built; so that if he retained his property he would
receive no additional advantage from the con-
struction of the road growing out of the enhanced
value of the property which he would not desire
to sell.
It seems to me that with these words stricken
out these companies will have secured all they
have a right to claim, to pay for the property
they take at the value of that property assessed
at a standard which existed preceding the con-
struction of the road. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 do not know but that
the railroad charters in the State of Michigan and
some other States may contain a provision like
that here proposed to be stricken out; but I am
quite sure that the provision contained in this bill
is against the railroad charter's in the State of
Wisconsin and the State ofNew York, andagainst
thedecisions of the courts in the estimation of the
damages to which parties are entitled. I do not
understand that in estimating the damages done
to the private property of an individual by taking
a portion of it for railroad purposes the railroad
company is authorized to offset against the dam-
ages that general enhancement of the value of
property which arises from the construction of a
railroad in that section or region of the country.
That has never been held with us; but it has al-
ways been held that if there were any direct ad-
vantages created to the land by the building of
the railroad, as, for instance, the draining of the
land by the construction of the railroad ditches,
the land being enhanced in value in that way, the
enhancement could be offset as against the dam-
ages resulting from the value of the land taken.
Never have the courts gone to the length of say-
ing, nor have any acts of legislation gone to the
extent of saying, that the enhancement of the
value growing out of the creation of such an im-
Erovementin that section, neighborhood, or town,
y the building of a railroad or a canal, should
be taken from the damages to which an individ-
ual is entitled for land actually taken from him.
This question has arisen a hundred times;
when I have been acting as judge in the State of
Wisconsin it hasbeen befoie me. Myown opin-
ion, of course, on the subject 1 do not claim any
particular consideration for; but it has been in
the higher courts of our State acted upon fre-
quently. This question of the appraisal of rail-
road dangers I understand to be very clearly set-
tled and very well defined by the decisions of
the courts; and if this clause were left out of the
bill the general law and the decisions of the
courts in leference to such damages would be the
rule that would prevail. Take the case which
has been put; suppose that a man has ten acres
of ground located, if this railroad is not con-
structed, perhaps a hundred miles from a railroad;
it may not be worth over twenty dollars an acre;
build a railroad by it, and take half of it, andthe
building of the railroad probably \weuld make the
rest of the land worth fifty dollars an acre. So
the general rise and enhancement in the value of
the land by the building of the railroad would be
more than the whole of the damages that this in-
dividual would suffer from the taking of his land.
But here are large numbers of persons whose
lands are not taken, whose lands are in the im-
mediate neighborhood, and whose lands are dou-
bled and quadrupled in their value by the build-
ing of the railroad, and the railroad does not
damage them; it does them just as much good,
and inflicts no damage; and yet to the man tvhom
you damage you say, " While we damage you
by taking away one half pf your land, you shall
have nothing, because the remainder of the land
has been doubled in value because of the building
of the railroad in that section of the country."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to inquire
of the Senator from Wisconsin if he calls that
damaging a man to make the balance of his land
worth four times what it was worth before.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One man has just as good
a right to thegeneral impiovement of the country
produced by the building of a canal or a railroad,
and tlje general enhancement of property which
he happens to own, as another, and it is an
injustice to a particular individual if you take
half his land and do not touch the land of the
man.adjoining him: you put thousands of dollars
into the pockets of one man and you take the
other man's land from him. There is an injus-
tice in that; and I tell my friend from Illinois
that the courts do not sustain any such doctrine.
It has been decided in a hundred cases. The
effect of this provision is that a man whose land
is taken cannot enjoy'the general benefit which
arises from the construction of the road.- My
friend from Illinois had better examine the cases
bearing on this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I confess I cannot appre-
ciate how the man is damaged who is better off
than he was before he received the damage; but
the Senator from Wisconsin thinks the injustice
consists in this: some man owns a tract of land
just off the railroad, that is not touched, and that
is quadrupled in value, and he makes a fortune;
and then the man whose land is touched is dam-
aged wonderfully because somebody else has made
a fortune, because the other man whose land was
not taken is going to make more than he whose
land was taken; therefore he is greatly wronged;
it hurts his feelings because his neighbor makes
more money than he! I do not know what they
have decided in the State of Wisconsin, but it is
the commonest thing in the wtorld in my State.
When we lay out streets in- the cities and take a
portion of somebody's lots of land, the jury that
assess the damages always take into considera-
tion the benefits that the party is to derive from
the opening of those streets and ways through his
land. That is the practice in my State, and the
courts sustain that practice. I think if my worthy
friend from Wisconsin will look into the law-
books he will find a great many decisions sus-
taining that doctrine.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will my friend allow me
to state that the Constitution of the United States
says that you shall not take from a man his prop-
erty without giving him compensation.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very true.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You must pay him for
the property that you have taken. You do not
pay him for that property by saying generally,
" We built a railroad somewhere in the country
by means of which indirectly we have doubled
the value of the property." That does not pay
him a dollar, does not pay him a cent. Your
provision is unconstitutional, and the courts will
so hold it, if you go beyond the direct benefits
which you confer by the drainage upon the land,
by the direct act of the company in cutting its
ditches through the land. You may drain a piece
of land that is a swamp, you may drain a piece
of meadow, if you please, and the direct benefit
that the land may receive from the putting of your
ditches through the land [gay be taken into the
account, but you can go no further.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 quite agree that you
shall not take a person's property without paying
him for it, and we propose to do that; we propose
to have a jury sworn and to assess and ascertain
whether Ije is not paid for it; and if he really gets
more by reason of what you do to ins land than
he had before, I think he is paid for it. That is
the very question the jury is to be impanneled to
try. He may be made rich by the building of
your road, and the jury is sworn to asceitain that
very question. We do not propose to take his
land without paying him for it. If he isdaro-
aged in the lea^st he is to be paid-far it; but when
he is not damaged the bill proposes not tp pay him-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to put a cfise tp
the Senator from Illinois, if he will
Suppose a man has a piece of land consisting of
five acres by itself,*ana he has unconnected with
it a piece of land consisting of fifty acres: you
buila a railroad and in building it you take the
whole of the five acre piece; the fifty acre Jot;
which does not adjoin with it, has no connection
with it, by means of the building of a railroad ij 
that section of country perhaps is doubled in
value: do you give him anything for the five acres?
Mr. TRUMBULL. . The difficulty with the
Senator's proposition is that that is not the bift
The bill provides, "and shall alsodeduct from
the damages to be awarded to the applicant, for
the same any increase in the gglue, due to the
construction of the road, of the premises retained
by him, provided such premises formed a portion
of those taken." All the'difKculty with thecasg
put by the Senator from Wisconsin is that it Apes
not happen to be the provision of the bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is there any difference in
principle whether the five acres happen to join
another five acres which he owns or whether
there is a ten acre lot between ? There is no dif-
ference in the principle; and it is because the gen-
tleman stands on a foundation of sand that he.is
getting into this difficulty. I wish he w&'utd ex-
amine the cases on the question.
Mr. HARRIS. I did ngt intend to interfere in
this discussion; but I am persuaded that this pro-
vision is unconstitutional, and I will state in a-
word the reason why. The railroad company
can only acquire the title to land for the purposes
of the company by paying for it. This pro-
vision does not provide for Such payment. What
is it? It simply declares that these commission-
ers shall award to the owner of the land what it
would have been worth if the railroad had not
been made, not its value. It is not proposed to
pay its value as it is when it is taken, as the
owner has a right t<f have, but what the land
would have been worth if a certain contingency
had not happened. That is not complying with
the provision of the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Those are rrot the words
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is to strike
out the latter part of the clause.
Mr. HARRIS. The clause reads that in the
assessments of damages the commissioners shall
appraise the land "at what would have been the
value thereof if the road had not been built."
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is no motion to
strike out those words.
Mr. HARRIS. I am stating what this pro-
vision is, and I insist that this is an unconstitu-
tional provision. It will not give to the railroad
company title to the land. If the commissioners
assess the damages according to the provisions of
this bill as itstands, the company will not acquire
a valid title. But there is this further provision
which it is sought to strike out, and which is
equally objectionable, that after the commission-
ers assess the value of tfee land taken they shall
deduct from that the amount of the advantage
which they shall deem that the owner of the land
has acquired in respect to other land not taken.
Such a set-off wasnev^r yet alio wed, I apprehend,
by any intelligent court. It cannot be done. In
order to acquire a valid title, under the Consti-
tution, the railroad company must give to the
owner of the land its present value, as it is esti-
mated by commissioners or a jury. I admit that
in assessing those damages where there is 110 such
provision as this, a jury or commissioners will be
very apt to estimate and measure the amount of
the value by taking into consideration the col-
lateral advantages'which the owner will reccivc;
but that is a matter for the commissioners or the
jury, a question of fact m the valuation, and not
a constitutional question. -
Mr. HOWARD. It is rather late in the day,
sir, to discuss so dry a question of constitutional
law, and I am not disposed to enter upon it at
this time; but I shall feel very much obliged to
the honorable Senator from New York if be will
state to the Senate upon what principle of the
Constitution it is that he rests the assertion that
either one or both of these clauses is obnoxious to
