1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the soldier and sailor, or to the embarrassment
of the Government? When this kind of argument
is mude«and these speeches delivered here, I can-
not help inferring that the object is to put this side
of the House in the wrong; and when I saw what
seemed to me to be such an effort, I did not like
to keep my seat without attempting to look to the
bottom of the matter.
The soldier and sailor,when looking at the source
from whence this proposition comes, and at the
efforts which have heretofore proceeded from that
source, will be constrained to feel a little as De-
mosthenes did when, in the midst of an eloquent
oration in the Athenian Senate, all at once those
.who had been his lifelong opponents in every
measure and every proposition commenced to
clap their hands and stamp their feet. The earnest
old man raised his eyes and exclaimed, "Ye gods!
"what's wrong? My enemies applaud." [Laugh-
ter,]
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desire to say two or three
words in reply to the gentleman who has just taken
his seat. 1 have offered a simple proposition to
amend a paragraph in the naval appropriation bill.
I offered it in good faith, and in my humble way
accompanied it with such reasons as suggested
themselves to me why it should be adopted,
I do not profess, like the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. A. Myers] who has just taken his
seat, to be able to look into the human heart and
read motives. I have been taught all my life to
believe that there was but One, and that One not
of us, who could read motives. It may be that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is gifted with a
power and prescience beyond that of his fellow-
men in this respect. It may be that he is endowed
with a power of penetration and of vision beyond
that vouchsafed to others, for it is said that the
Almighty can, and does sometimes, select the
weakest of his creatures to confound the mighty.
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. Chairman, I repeat that the proposition
which I submitted was offered in good faith; it was
offered for the purpose of taking the sense of this
committee as to whether they would pay to the
seamen and sailois a compensation adequate to
their support and the support of their families.
And without coming at once boldly up and meet-
ing the question involved in that proposition, gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House have at-
tempted to defeat the proposition by discussing
questions not involvedin the amendment and not
gecmane to it.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania who first re-
plied to me, [Mr. Stevens,] attempting to evade
the force of the proposition, suggests that per-
haps we were looking to the payment of our sea-
men and sailors in the worthless bank currency
of the West. I tell the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania that I know of no officer of the Government,
no soldier, sailor, or seaman, that has ever been
paid in anything other than the lawful money of
the Government, until certain agents were sent to
us in the West who did endeavor to swindle the
soldiers by paying thorn in worthless bank cur-
rency instead of the lawful money of the Govern-
ment. For that we are not responsible.
Sir, we have no woithless bank currency in cir-
culation in the West, unless all the currency we
have is worthless. The currency of the banks
which circulate at all is equal in value to the
greenbacks.
Mr. ORTH. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I desire to ask him who are
the western agents he makes reference to that
came there to swindle the soldiers?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I am not able at this mo-
ment to furnish the gentleman with the names. I
recollect a good deal of complaint was made of
the matter. If the gentleman will look over the
war records he will be able to find the names of
some of the parties to whom I refer; and if he will
go to the Old Capitol prison I think he will find
some of them there.
To return to the point from which the intcraflga-
tory of the gentleman from Indiana led me, I was
proceeding to say that the bank currency in circu-
lation in theWest is equal in value with thegreen-
backs;iiirj received and paidout withoutdiscount;
it is redeemed at the banks in greenbacks, and we
know no difference iu its value and that of the
currency of the Government as a circulating me-
dium.
But, sir, I reply to the gentleman fro^ Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stlylns,] that 1 had not in contem-
plation at all the payment of our soldiers or sailors
in any currency other than thatof the Government,
that which the Congress of the United States de-
clared should be received and paid out in payment
of debts, although they may have been contracted
for in gold and silver, that which was declared a
legal tender for that purpose.
Now, sir, I shall not undertake to make or re-
peat an argument to prove that the legal-tender
currency is not equal in value to gold and silver.
(Quotations of the gold maikcts make that appa-
rent. Nor docs this proposition come from me
as a gold speculator, i have not been speculating
in gold. We have no gold left in the western
country to speculate in.
Mr. STEVENS. I think ithe gentleman from
Illinois misunderstood what! said upon that point,
i did not say the proposition came from a gold
speculator. 1 said I thought nobody would com-
plain of the medium of the lawful currency of the
Government except the gold speculator of New
York. I did notatall include the gentleman from
Illinois. 1 should not have done it if I had known
he had gold to speculate with or not. 1 do not
know whether he has or not.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. It is very possible I may
have misunderstood the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, for I heard him very indistinctly upon that
subject. What I desire especially to say is this:
that if the pay of the sailor or seaman is inade-
quate, it is the dutyjpf this committee, and it is
our duty, when we go into the House for the final
consideiation of this bill, to say so upon record;
it is the duty of gentlemen upon the other side of
the House, as well as upon this side, if they do
not like the proposition I have suggested—and it
is the best that occurred to me at the moment—to
bring forward some other proposition better ma-
tured for the accomplishment of the object, and
not require all the dangerousand arduousservices
of our sailors, our seamen, and our soldiers, to be
rendered for a pittance en tuely inadequate for their
support, and wholly inadequate to support their
families, to prcventtheir wives and children from
being driven to destitution, and to beggary, to
avoid starvation.
Sir, I bring this proposition home to this com-
mittee, and I am willing to make it a test of loyalty,
whether gentlemen are willing to provide a re-
muneration that will furnish a competence for the
families of those who bear our flag upon the wa-
ters, as well as those who bare their breasts upon
the battle-field. 1 do not intend that gentlemen
upon the other side of the House shall escape by
bringing into it questions of my loyalty and pa-
triotism of my motives in submitting this amend-
ment.
Mr. Chairman, if we are abletopayany of the
officers of the Government, if wo are able to pay
ou rselves from the public Treasury ,in God 'snarne
let us pay those who are performing the more
dangerous and the more arduous duty of defend-
ing our rights and the homes of our wives and
children. Let us give them a fair compensation
ft>r their time and for their labor. I do not intend
thatthis comnuttec shall be diverted from the pur-
pose of my amendment by these appeals to party
prejudice, or by these insinuations against the
loyalty of those who see fit to offer such propo-
sitions or advocate them.
Mr. STROUSE. I did not intend to tako any
part in this controversy whatever. I am entirely
too much indisposed to do so satisfactoi ily. Still,
I believe it to be my duty to say a word at this
time. My own judgmentaccords to a very great
extent with the position assumed by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. J. C. Allen.]
A remark was made by my colleague, who spoke
some moments since, [Mr. A. Myers,] about the
loyalty of the majority which controls the action
of this House; that they would legulate this mat-
ter.
Mr. Chairman, there should be no party dis-
cussion upon the subject of a necessary appro-
priation of money to pay the men employed in the
public service. Sir, it is unfair and ungenerous
to indulge in partisan language of that kind, at
this time, upon a matter like the one at present
before the House. I claim, as a Representative
of the Keystone State, which I have the honor, m
part, to represent upon this floor, with my col- |
leagues upon the other side of the House, to be
quite as loyal as they are in every respect, and
under any and all circumstances. What their
definition of the term "loyalty" is,-1 may hot
know, but when my colleague talks of loyaltjr,
loyalty to the Constitution, loyalty to our insti-
tutions, and loyalty to our laws made in pursu-
ance of the Constitution, I claim the right to say
here upon this floor of the national Congress thai
I am the peer of any of these loyalty gentlemen in
everything that is in fact loyalty^
If I choose to criticise the acts of the Adminis-
tration, 1 am exercising a right which pertains to
the loyalty of a member of the American Con-
gress. And when we ask that our seamen, sol-
diers, and marines shall be paid a larger amount
than they now receive, whether to be paid in gold
or its equivalent in greenbacks, I say that, in my
humble judgment, the proposition should com-
mend itself to the sense of right and justice of
every member of this body.
Now, sir, I do not say we should pay the sail-
ors, seamen, or any men in the employ of the
Governmentingo!d,orin specie, because, as was
remarked by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, we have not the gold to pay
them with. There is not enough gold in the hands
of the Government to pay them. Circumstances
have placed us in a position which renders it im-
poss ible.
But, sir, ! think it is right and proper that at
this time there should be an increase in the pay
of the men who peril their health an$ their lives
abroad m distant lands and seas sufficient to fur-
nish not only a support to the men themselves
but to support their families athome. And when
a pioposuion is submitted thus to increase the
pay of the men who aie doing service for the
preservation of the country and its institutions,
1 care not whether u comes from this side of the
House or from the other side, I protest against
its being made the ground for an attack upon our
loyalty.
The term in modern phraseology I know has
a peculiar significance; but, sir, 1 say here, as I
will say it always, that we hurl back any insinu-
ation or inference against our loyalty in the teeth
of those who make it. Our patriotism requires
no trumpeting. We do not belong to the "lat-
ter-day saints," and can look complacently upon
these modei n loyal philanthropists, who denounce
every conservative and Democratic member who
is not, like themselves, fatally bentupon uncon-
ditional loyalty" and crazy on abolitionism.
We advocate this proposition in good faith for
the benefit of those who are fighting for the pres-
ervation of the Union. We want that they
shall have an increase of pay so that their fami-
lies may be saved from ruin and destitution. If
they cannot be paid in gold, let there be an equiv-
alent increase of pay. We ought to recollect
that many of our sailors and naval officers are
upon foreign stations where the currency of our
Government cannot be called a circulating medi-
um. It isrightand proper that somethingshould
be done so that they shall receive what was prom-
ised to them, and not one half or one third the
amount. When we appropriate millions and
hundreds of millions, it is proper that we should
be just, if not generous, to these brave men to
whom we are indebted for the victories of our
arms, and the greatness and glory of our country,
past and present.
M r. MORRILL obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. STEVENS, who moved that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the special
order, being bill of the House No. 156, to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the seivice
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864,
and had directed him to report the same back with
sundry amendments; and also that the commit-
tee had had under consideration the Navy ap-
propriation bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed
