2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
constitutional objection. Which clause is it that
violates the Constitution of the United States,
and what is the clause of the Constitution that is
violated? I.do not understand, I confess, I sup-
pose the honorable'Senator refers to that clause
of the Constitution which declares that private
property shall not be taken without just compen-
sation; if I misunderstand the Senator I should
like to have him correct me.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly, that is it.
Mr. HOWARD. "Without just compensa-
tion." The only question between the Govern-
ment of the United States and the private person
when the property of the private person is taken,
is what is a just compensation to be made by the
Government to tha private person who was the
owner of the property. "Just compensation."
I do not understand that the Constitution requires
such a questioiftHo be settled by a jury ad quod
damnum at all, but that it is quite sufficient if the
Government in the exercise of its powers shall
appoint an impartial commission to determine
what shall be, under the circumstances, a jast
compensation; and certainly a just compensation
will be such as shall place the owner of the land
in such a condition as that he shall not upon the
principles of equity be a loser by the taking of
his property. Will the honorable Senator from
Jfew York say that the effect of this clause will
be to dq such an act of injustice to the private
owner of property ? Does it not propose to give
him a just compensation ? Certainly it proposes
to give him what his lands would have been
worth if the company had rfot const!ucted the
road in the first place. That we must give him.
We propose to pay him that, that is to allow it
to him, m every event. Suppose, then, his prop-
erty which wc take was worth $,1,000*, and sup-
pose at the same time that while we take this
property that is worth $1,000 we do by t.he con-
struction of the road increase his adjoining prop-
erty, property belonging to the same' parcel, to the
amount of $4,000 actually: «re we bound under
the Constitution to allow to the owner actually
his $4,000 worth of enhanced value? It seems to
me that that is not a just compensation. It is
surely unjust towaid the Government, because
it is the act of the Government in the constiuc-
tion of the road that imparts the enhanced value
to the remaining part of the property; so that all
that remains to he done by the Government in
such a case, it seems to me, is to strike an account
between the Government and the private person,
to charge him with the benefit which the construc-
tion of the work is likely to confer upon him,
and to credit the Government with the enhanced
value of the romainderuf his piopeity. It seems
to me to be a very simple pitneiple. I cannot
see that there it* anything here in violation of the
Constitution. On the other hand, 1 think I dt>
see a very plain rule by which common justice is
administered.
Mr. JOHNSON. If I had not heard the Sen-
ator from New York so confidently express an
opinion as to the unconstitutionality of this pro-
vision, 1 should have supposed it was fiee of all
doubt upon that point. The provisions in all the
railroad charters which Maryland has granted,
and as far as 1 know offtll the charters that have
been granted in the States this side of New Eng-
land, contain a provision similar to this.
The constitutional limitation on the power of
Congress that piivate property shall not he taken
for public use except for just compensation, is the
same limitation which is to be found in all the
State constitutions, and would be a limitation if
there was no provision upon the subject in either
constitution, ihtt the construction of that clause
has been that no man's property shall be taken
without placing him in the same situation pecu-
niarily in which he would have been if his prop-
erty had not been tuken; and wc have always
supposed in Maryland that if you take one acre
of a man's land for the purpose of an improve-
ment of this description, aiui the effect of the im-
provement is to add to* the value of his own land
more than the original value of the acre taken, he
is entitled to nothing; and m the absence of pro-
visions on the subject, winch I understand is the
case in some of the New England States, the jury
oi the commissionets who are to decide upon the
question do the same thing. If the acre that is
taken was worth $1,000 at the time, they will
not give the owner §1,000 if they are satisfied that
his adjoining acres are increased by force of the
improvement more than the thousand dollars.
We have gone further in our city, though we have
notgone to thatextentin thecountry. The streets
in the city of Baltimore are opened under the au-
thority of acts of the Legislature, and we have
directed, without any doubt at all as to the con-
stitutionality of it, that the expense of the im-
provement shall be defrayed by all the property
that the commissioners who are authorized to act
shall decide is benefited by the improvement, and
the owners are taxed the amount of the benefit.
That happens every day in all the recentimprove-
ments in the city'of Baltimore; I mean by ♦'re-
cent," improvements for the last twenty or thirty
years, in the opening of streets and widening of
streets, they have been made under provisions of
that description.
Mr. HOWE. How is it as to property taken
by a private corporation ?
Mr. JOHNSON. The original difficulty as
to the authority for a private corporation was
whether that was appropriating the property to
public use; in other words, whether the Govern-
ment had a light to authorize a private corpora-
tion to take private property; but that lias been
decided over and over again. It has over and
over been held that that is u proper exercise of
the right of eminent domain, and all that the
courts have held is that these private corporators
are authorized to do precisely as the Government
is authorized or is supposed to be authorized to
do, to see justice done as between the corporation
and the individual whose property is taken.
My own opinion, therefore, is that the provis-
ion itself, whether politic or not, is clearly con-
stitutional.
Mr. HARRIS. I agree with the Senator from
Maryland that in the case of opening streets the
rule is as he states it. There the propei ty is taken
for public use; it is for a public purpose; and the
owners of adjacent property are assessed for the
purpose of paying for that improvement, so that
if a part of a lot is taken for opening a street and
the remaining part is benefited by it, the author-
ities award to the owner of the lot the value of
that pai t of it which is taken, and then assess back
upon him the amount of benefit that he derives
from the property not taken.
That is a very, different question from this.
Tins is where property is being taken for private
use. It is being taken by a railroad corporation
from the owner for private use. I understand the
rule to be well settled that full compensation must
be made under the provisions of the Constitution
or else no title passes. It must be compensation
for the property as it is at the time it is taken,
not as it would have been if the improvement had
not been made. That is the difficulty with this bill,
in my judgment. The commissioners who stand
in the place of a jury arc required to assess the value
of the property upon a mere abstraction. They are
to guess what the property would have been worth
in a state of things which does not now exist. It
is not making compensation for the property as
it is, but it is making compensation for the prop-
erty as it would have been if the improvement
had not been made, an improvement which is al-
ready in existence, which is contemplated at least.
Here is a rule prescribed for the commissioners
which isnotin conformity with the Constitution.
That is the difficulty in the case. In my judg-
ment that provision cannot be upheld.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. 'President, I think the ques-
tions involved in thisargumentare plain and have
been settled by the courts in a hundred decisions
in different States. I understand that private prop-
erty may be taken for public use under the exer-
cise of the power of eminent domain, and that pri-
vate propei ty may be taken by authority of law,
to be appropriated by a corporation such as is
proposed to be incorporated by this act. But, sir,
to authorize private property to be taken for pub-
lic use, the law itself must declare that it shall be so
taken; and unless the law in its provisions de-
clares that private property shall be taken for the
use contemplated by the act of incorporation, it
cannot be tuken at all; and the courts have so de-
cided again and again. If gentlemen expect to
take private property withoutan expiess author-
ity in this act, to be appropriated to this road, and
it is resisted by the owner, they will find that the
resistance will be successful in any intelligent and
impartial court. The only mode fcry which they
can effect that object is for the act of incorpora-
tion itself to provide, as the express law of the
Congress of the United States, that this property
shall be taken for that purpose; and unless the
act of incorporation contains such a provision it
will be ineffective to subserve all the purposes that
gentlemen who are friends to this project contem-
plate.
When private property is thus provided by the
law of a State, or by a law of Congress consti-
tutionally passed, to be taken unci to be usee!
either wholly and exclusively by the Government
orbynn incorporated company acting by author-
ity of law, the question then is, what shall be the
rule of compensation? That has been settled
hundreds of times, and upon this plain principle,
that the value of the property taken at the time
it is taken shall be paid. You may assess that
value by a jury or you may assess it by commis-
sioners, but you must prescribe the mode in the
act itself by which it shall be assessed, whether
by a jury or by a commission; and the courts of
the States have decided again and again thatcither
mode is constitutional and valid; but it is an in-
quiry in the nature of a judicial proceeding
whether it is in the one form or the other.
Now, in relation to incidental advantages re-
sulting to contiguous property by a proposed im-
provement, it is decided uniformly and always
that that shall not dimmish the assessment of the
value of the property that is actually taken from ,
the owner. The actual value of that property at
the time it is so taken, without any consideiation
of the enhanced value of contiguous property, is
to be assessed and is to be paid to the owner be-
fore you can deprive him of his property. You
have to pay the full value of the property, but
you are not bound to pay a prospective, increased
value that will result as one of the indiiect con-
sequences of the construction of the improvement.
You take the property without regard to the im-
provement and the effects that the improvement
will have on contiguous property belonging to
any neighboi; and you just assess the value of
that property at the time you take it, without any
regaid to the effects that the construction of the
improvement will have in the enhancementof the
property. 1 think tliat the principles decided are
perfectly plain.
It is not analogous to the taking of property for
public improvements in cities and in towns.
There the corporation may compel the owners of
property to improve, and they exercise that as a
police power of their town or city corporations.
But there is no analogous power that can "be
claimed in relation to this or any other act of in-
corporation for a railroad company. You here
simply propose to take a mail's private property
for public use. You may by a jury or by a com-
mission, after the law as.proposcd has invested the
company with powerto take the privatepropeity,
go upon the premises, and ascertain and asses*
the value of the land so taken, without any regard
to the enhanced value of contiguous property by
the construction of the work of internal improve-
ment, and you simply pay for the oiigiiml value
of the property as thus ascertained.
I think that this section of the clause secures
everything that the company would-be bound to
pay to the owner of the property and everything
that the owner of the property would be entitled
to claim, namely:
And said commissioners, in their assessment* of dam-
ages, shall appraise suehpiemises atwhat would have been
the value theieof if the road had not been built.
I think that is an ample provision, both to pro-
tect the interests of the company and to remuner-
ate the owner of the property for what portion of
his property is taken from him. The other words
I think are wrong and ought to be struck out,
which go on to say:
And shall ateo deduct from the damages to be awarded
to the applicant tor the &aiue any inereur«e in the value dun
to the eoii-muction of the roud of the promises returned by
him. piovided such premise* formed a pouion of tho*e
taken.
That endeavors to establish a principle that
has uniformly been determined against by the
courts. Their uniform decision has been that the
incidental enhancement of contiguous property
by a work ofltoternal improvement shall not di-
minish in any degree or to any extent the value
of the property that is actually taken for the
work. Property that is actually taken is to be
paid for by the corporation or by thcGovernment,
