1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2i3
if the Government takes it for its own purposes,
at the price which it would be worth regardless
of the construction of the^vork of internal im-
provement.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that when the Senate
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ,The motion
can be received at this time only by unanimous
consent. „
Mr. POMEROY. We can finish this bill to-
morrow if we sit.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall proceed to
finish the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better finish
the biy first.
_ Mr. GRIMES. I will not insist on the mo-
tion now.
Mr. HENDERSON. We are discussing a
question and making no progress, is it in oider
now to move an amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, it is not.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] will give me his ear, 1 think we
can arrange this section so as to accomplish what
hedesires, and in such a way that there will be no
objection on the part of the committee. With
that view I suggest an amendment which will
make the clause lead thus:
And said commissioners! in their assessment5? of damages
Fhall appraise Uie piemhses so taken at the reasonable vuiuc
* thereof, arid shall also deduct fiom the damages to be
awatded to the applicant for the panic any inerep^e in the
value, arising fiom the construction of the road, to the
f whole tract remaining, ovei and above thegenciali!ierea<>e
ill the value of otliei land* in the vicinity.
I think that will accomplish all that is desired,
and it is in accordance, 1 am satisfied, with the
decisions of the courts throughout the Umted
States on this subjcct of damages.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 think the amendment su_
getsied by the Sanatorium Missouri meets the
point 1 had in my mind, and I therefore accept it
as a modification of my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in the
power of the Senator from Iowa to modify his
amendment, the yeas and nays having been or-
dered on it. it can be modilied only by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missoui i will not pre-
vail.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the modification cannot be made. The
question is on the amendment of the Senator fi om
Iowa to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have taken occasion
since 1 was last up to look for a moment at some
of the cases on this subject to refresh my recol-
lection, and I find an almost unbioken series of
decisions. It js true that in some of the States
under special statutes, as, for instance, m the
State of Illinois, where I apprehend the Senator
from Illinois got his education on this subject,
under a special statute somewhat similar in its
provisions to this, the courts of Illinois did once
hold to the doctrine for which he contends here;
but the courts in Massachusetts, in New York,
in Ohio, in Iowa, in Wisconsin, and in most of
the States have held the contrary doctrine. I, of
course, have not had an opportunity to look
through them to a sufficient extent to state them
ali. So manifestly unjust is the pro vision contained
in this bill to appuuwe a man's lauds as wild
lands without any nulroad near them, then take
a portion of his lands from him, and appraise
that portion as land having a railroad constructed
in its neighborhood, and deduct from what you
appraise as wild lands the enhanced value of the
improved land, indirectly improved by the build-
ing of the railroad, that in the State of New Yo k,
by statute, it is expressly forbidden that the courts
shall take any such thing into consideration; and
in the State of Ohio it is put into the constitution
of the State that in estimating the compensation
which is to be made for a man's property taken
the court and the jury eshali not consider the en-
hanced value of the lands which are not taken.
It is unjustm every way in which you can viewit.
The true rule of damages as established by the
courts generally is that you appiarse the land m-
dependentof the enhanced value that the improve-
ment may produce to the lands of the country
generally; appraise the land as you find it, inde-
pendehtof theconsideration of the enhanced value
caused bjy the construction of an improvement in
that section of the country. Such is the general
doctrine of the courts, and such is manifestly the
justice of the case. The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States says that a man shall have " compen-
sation," payment, for what you take from him,
not indirect benefits, but compensation for what
you take. As to the mode of ascertaining that
compensation I have before me a case arising in
the State of Iowa, Sator vs. The Buvhngton and
Mount Pleasant Plank Road Compan'y, and I sup-
pose a plank ro'ad company taking lands is gov-
erned by the same principle as a railroad co.u
pany. In that case the court said:
"In ascertaining what that compensation shall be we
see no more practical lule than fim to ascertain the fair
maikctablc value of the piemises over which the proposed
improvement is to pas-s, irrespective of such improvement,
ana ateo the like value of the piemises in the condition in
winch they will be after the land for the itnproveiiienth&&
been taken, nrespectivc of the benefit which will result
from the improvement; the difference in value to constitute
the measure of compensation."
1 hat is the rule there laid down by the court
after full argument; and that is only one case.
This principle of common justice and common
honesty in dealings between the Governmentand
individuals in condemning and taking their prop-
erty from them by this powerof eminent domain
is so strong that it is even incorporated into the
constitutions of many of the States. Ohio 1 have
mentioned as one, Kansas as another; and we
know that the constitutions of thn new States
usually embrace within them all the improved
clauses of the other State constitutions as fiom
time to time they arise and are established. The
provision in the constitution of Kansas is:
'• No right of way shall be appiopriated to the use of any
corporation untilfull compensation thoieforbc first made in
money, or secured by a depo-u of monoy, to the owner,
irrespective of any boneiU from any improvement proposed
by such corpoiation."
I am confident that the principle contended for
by my friend from Iowa is the correct principle.
Mr. MORIULL. I am satisfied that the gen-
eral current of authority is against this provision,
and 1 am pure that thojustice of the case is equal-
ly clear. Now lot us considcrthe provision for a
moment. "And shall also deduct from the dam-
ages to be awarded to the applicant for the same
any increase in the value, due to the constructor
of the mad, of the premises retained by him,
provided such premises formed a portion of those
taken*" That is the proposition: you arc to es-
timate the land, and then you are to deduct from
it any supposed value due to it from the con-
struction of the,road; What value? That value
which is added to this in common with prop-
erty in the country generally; property situated
with reference to the road as this is. I think it
would be very difficult to find a decision in any of
the courts to justify that. I understand the rule
never to have gone further than this: if there be
any paitieular benefit to the residue of the land
connected with that which is taken, you may es-
timate that, but you may not estimate as against
the owner's damages any general benefit which is
common to him and the whole country; that is
no set-off.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator from Maine
allow me a word?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr.DAVIS. 1 think theutmostextenttowhich
the couits have gone in the assessment of inci-
dental damages is that where there is a claim set
up for incidental damages, incidental profits or
advantages may be set oft' against the incidental
damages. But the position of the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine, that m relation to the positive
and absolute value of property that is to be taken,
there is not and cannot be any set-off, is a well-
established principle.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I disagree
with the proposition of the honorable Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose not.
Mr. MORRILL. My proposition is that you
can only deduct as a .set-off against theownei's
damages such direct and peculiar advantages as
accrue to him in the particular case; but the gen-
eral improvement which is common to him and
to all those situated aVound him, is not a proper
consideration for the estimation of a jury. That
is wi«\t I mean to say, and I think the authori-
ties on that subject are entirely uniform, so far
as I have observed, unless where the courts are
controlled by some special statute. I will read
from the Massachusetts Drg^ki oHe decision cm
this point: * : '■' '
" In estimating damages for lanfl taken £oe a highway or
railroad, any direct and peculiar benefit or increase of
value accruing thereby to land of the sanrfc owiierftdjOifi -
nig or connected with-the land taken, and fbmilQ&pttft of
the'same parcel or tract, is to be considered by the, jury
and allowed by way of set-off; but not any general benefit
or increase of value received by such land in •common with
other lands in the neighborhood, nor any benefit to otfcer
lands of the same owner, though in the same town. And
when the sheriff instructed the jury that if tha owner of
land Which, by reason of the benefits derived from the tall--
road, was as valuable as before, wz£s entitled to no dam-
ages, the verdict was set aside as having been assessed
upon erroneous principles."
Mr. JOHNSON. What was the law in that
case ?
Mr. MORRILL. This was under the general
statute of Massachusetts, in conformity with the
provision of the Constitution cited here, securing
to the land-owners compensation for land taken
by the construction of a railroad. I am sure that
this provision of the bill is directly in contraven-
tion of this principle.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, for the
purpose of reconciling these differences as far as
possible I beg to offer an amendment". ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A further
amendment is not in order at tne present time.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state it then, as a mere
suggestion, if the Senate will allow me to do so.
I propose so to amend the clause that it shaft
readj "and said pommissioners, in their assess-
ments of damages, shall appraise such premises
at such sum or price as shall when paid be a just
compensation to the owner for the pi*perty so
taken," adopting the language of the Constitu-
tion itself, and leaving it to be settled by the
courts ultimately, it* any question is to grow out
of it. [Agreed.]
Mr. HARLAN. Does the Senator intend that
to be in lieu of the whole clause?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir, to strike out all the
rest.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that if the pending amendment be
agreed to, strikingout.the worJs proposed by the
Senator from Iowa to be stricken out, it wjII be
competent to move the a-mendmentnowsuggesled.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask leave of the Senate to
accept the suggestion of the Senator from Michi-
gan as a modification of my amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
done by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays
having been ordered. Is there any objection to
the Senator from Iowa modifying his amendment
as proposed ?
Mr. HOWE. I object; and if the Senator from
Michigan will indulge me, I will state why 1-ob-
ject to it. It is my opinion that if Governments
in the exercise of this right of eminent domain
had never made the owners of private property
poorer, it would never have been felt as a public
abuse; and if it had never been felt as an abuse,
there never would have been this constitutional
restriction on the exercise of the right. But it
having been found ordinarily to make men poorer
instead of richer to take their property for public
use, it was deemed necessary to put some restric-
tion upon it. That restriction was not a prohibi-
tion against the exercise of the right, but it was
subjecting it to this condition, that private prop-
erty should not be taken without making just
compensation.
Now, what is " just compensation ?" I should
have said, independent of judicial interpretation,
that if a man is not made poorer by the taking of
a part of his land but is made richer, he gets just
compensation by the mere act of taking. Ifu is
put to a use which makes him as well off as he
was before or better olF, he has just compensa-
tion^ he has recompense, which is just compen-
sation. But I do understand,as others have said
here, that the courts have not taken that view of
it. They have not put that interpretation upon
it. I understand that the courts have said that if
property is taken,apiece of laud for railroad pur-
poses, the value of the land taken must be assessed
by commissioners or a jury, and that must be
paid for.
Mr, JOHNSON. What court has so held?
Mr. HOWE. I am not quoting anyparticular
decision, but 1 understand that to be the doctrine
of the courts generally. I am going to put a
qualification on it presently. This must be paid
