1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•i m
by the gentleman from New York, and demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and-also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
, The latter motion was agreed to.
J. S. AND E. A. ABBOTT,
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, Intro-
duced a joint resolution in favorof J.S.and E. A.
Abbott; which was read a first and second time,
and refeired to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Tho SPEAKER stated the nextbusiness in or-
der to be the calls on the Executi\e Departments
for information which were laid over under the rule.
STATE DEBTS.
The first was a.resolution submitted by Mr.
Blaine on the 7th of January last, directing the
Secretary of the Treasury to report the amount
of debt incurred in the several States in their ef-
forts in suppressing the rebellion.
Mr. BLAINE was not present, and the resolu-
tion was laid over.
PAYMENT OF TREASURY NOTES IN COIN.
The next was a resolution submitted on the
7th of January last, by Mr. Scofield, request-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury to inform this
House whether, under existing legislation, the
seven-thirty Treasury notes will be paid in coin.
Mr. SCOFIELD was not present, and the res-
olution was laid over.
STATE QUOTAS.
The next was a resolution submitted by Mr.
Afinotd on the 14th of January last, directing
the Secretary of War to furnish a statement of
the number of men called into the military ser-
vice of the United States since March, 1861; the
quota of each State u6dcr each call; the number
furnished and also the number tendered under
cacli call; the length of time for winch iltcy were
accepted; what State or States furnished an ex-
cess over its quota; and how many and what State
or States did not furnish its quota, and the num-
ber deficient.
Mr. STEVENS. It will take a long time to
do that work.
Mr. ARNOLD. The substance of the inform-
ation called for has already appeared in the news-
papers. The object of the lesolution was to
ascertain what States were behindhand in their
quotas under the different calis.
Mr. STEVENS. Say, if not incompatible with
the public inteiest.
Mr. ARNOLD. I agree to that.
The resolution was then adopted.
MAJOll N. II. M'LEAN.
The next was a resolution submitted by Mr.
Pendleton on January 18 last, requesting the
President of the United States to communicate to
this Mouse the reasons why Mr.jor N. II. Mc-
Lean, lately stationed at Cincinnati, wasoiderctl
to report at Fort Vancouver; also, whether any
charges affecting the capacity or fidelity to the
Constitution of said McLean have been filed in
any of the Departments.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to insert the words il if
not incompatible with the public interest," and
demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; and then the
resolution was adopted.
ARREST OF A CONSUL GENERAL.
The next was a resolution submitted by Mr.
Garfield on the ISth of January, requesting the
Px'esident of the United States to communicate to
this House such information as may be in tlx*
Slate Department touching the arrest of our con-
sul general to the British North American prov-
inces, and such ollicial communications touching
Canadian commerce as may have been made by
the Colonial Secretary, or other Canadian or Brit-
ish officer, since" the 15th of November, to our
Govern ment.
A similar resolution having^beeri already adopt-
ed, the resolution was laid upon the table.
SHELBY RAID IN MrgSOttRI.
The next resolution in order was absolution
offered on the 8th of Februar-y by Mr. King, di-
recting the Secretary of Wat* to lay before the
House the official report of Brigadier General E.
B. Brown', of the department of Missouri, of his
military operations in October last against what
was known as the Shelby rebel raid into Missouri.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting the usual words, " if not incom-
patible with the public interest."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was adopted.
AMOUNT OF COMMUTATION MONEY.
The next resolution in order was a resolution
offered on the 8th of February by Mr. Eldridge,
directing the Secretary of War to furnish to this
House information as to the amount of moneys
received up to this time for commutation by draft-
ed men ; also, what disposition has been made of
said moneys; if substitutes have been purchased
fordrafted men, how many; where and who have
been procured as substitutes; what sum has been
paid for each, and whether for white or black,
and how much for each.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand thepreviousques-
tion upon the passage of that resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. ( suggest to the gentleman
the usual amendment by inserting the words " if
not incompatible with the public interest."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 accept that modification
of the resolution.
Mr STEVENS. This resolution will call for
a great deal of labor, and unless there is some use
for it——
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
demanded, and debate is out of order.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will withdraw it for a
moment.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot see of what use the
resolution is. It will require a great deal of labor
to answer it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I cannot see that the reso-
lution calls for a great deal of labor.
Mr. STEVENS. Furthermore, it wilt furnish
information to the enemy. If the gentleman will
not consent to let it go over, I shall move to lay
it on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The resolution is so mod-
ifi v] that it does not require an ansvverif it should
be inconsistent with the public interest. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas GO, nays 46; as follows:
YJj \S—Alley, AHWon, Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Baxter, Beaniau, Blame, Blow, Boyd, Broomall, VVii-
ii.im 0. lhown, Ainbio-e \V. Claik, Cobb, Cole, Uenrv Win-
ter Daws,ThomasT. Davis,.Dixon, Donnelly, Drig^, Eliot,
Frank, Grmneil. Hale, iligbv, Hooper, IliitUikies, A-aliel
W flu hbnt (i, J cuckoo, Julian, Kinney W. Kellogg, Orlando
Kellogg, Longjear, McBrtde, McClunr, Monrhead, Amos
Myer-i" Laniard Myers, Chaiies oWeill, Orth, Perham,
Pike, William il. Randall, Alexander II. Rico, Edward II.
Ilolhn-, Shannon, Spald'Mg. Stevoiw, Thayer, Tracy, Cp-
son, Van Valkenhingh. Eiihu B. Wnshburne, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom,
and W<H),l>.ruigf—1')0.
NAYS—.Messrs. James C. Alien, Anconn, Augustus C.
Baldwin, lilies, Bi00k«, James £«. Drown, Chanler, Clay,
Cox, Cravens, Dawson. D<'ni<on, Eden. Eldridge, EF^itsb,
Fmck, Coder, Grisovold, Ilamngton, Benjamin G. Harris,
Ileriiek, llolman, I'iulip Johnson, Kalbfleis-ch, King, Law,
La/.ear, Long, Malloiy. Marcy, MeKumcy, Middieton,
James II, Mom-*. Moiri^on, NWs-on, Odi ll, John O'Neill,
Price, Piuj n, Robinson, John 11. Steele, Strouse, Wheeler,
Chilton A.'White, Wmlield, and Xeaman—46.
So the resolution was laid on tho table.
During the cali of the roll,
Mr. KEilNAN stated that he was paired off
with Mi. M orris, of New York.
Mr. JOHNSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stiles, had gone home on pressing business, and
was paired off with Mr. Marvin, of New York,
until to-morrow; that Mr. Stiles, if here, would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN stated that Mr. Harris was
confined to his room by sickness, and was unable
to attend the sittings of the House.
Mr. GRIDER stated that Mr. Harding was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Mid-
ler, of Pennsylvania, was still confined to h*s
room by indisposition. • - '
Mr. McKINNEY stated tliatMr. J,W.White
was detained from the House by illness.
Mr. STROUSE stated that Mr. Coffroth was
detained from the House by the severeJHness' of
hie wife in Philadelphia, " ; ..
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
NJEGKO REGIMENTS.
The next resolution in order was a resolution
offered on the 8th of February by Mr. Brown,
of Wisconsin, directing the Secretary of War tp
communicate to this House: 1. The number of
regiments of negro troops already enlisted, the
time when each regiment was organized, and the
number of privates in each regiment. 2. The
amount paid for bounties, pay, and equipments
of each regiment, and all other sums parid out in
connection with their organization. 3. In what
battles negro regiments have been engaged, and
what regiments have been .so engaged, and how
many belonging to such regiments have been
killed, and how many wounded in such battles,
discriminating between the different battles.
Mr. STEVENS. This is furnishing a muster-
roll to the enemy. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw, his motion. The resolu-
tion calls for information which is very necessary
at this time. If the motion is insisted on, I de-
mand the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered. !.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 64, nays 42; as follows: *
YEAS—Mescrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaint ,
Blow, Boyd, Bioomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.
Claik,Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davie,Dixon, Donnelly,
Urtggs.Eckley, Eliot,Frank,Gunnel. Hale, Higby, Hooper,
Iloichkiss, Asahe! W. Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Orlando
Kellogg, Longyear, MeBride, McCluig, Saimlel F. jVlillei,
Moorhead, Morrill, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers. Charles
O'Neill, Orth, Peiham, Pike, Price, Wihiam II. Randall,
Alexander H, Ilice, EdwardH. Roll ms, Shannon. Spalding,
Stevens, Thajer, Tiucj, Upson, Van "Valkenburgh, EUlrn
B. Washhtirne, William B. Washburn, Wliaiey. Williams,
Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbndge—^04. ;
NAYS—Messrs. James, C- Allen, Aneoiui, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blifcs, Brook*,, James S. Brown, Chanter, Clay,
Cox, Ciavens. Dawson, Denton,Eden, Eldridtrti,English,
Fmck, Benjamin G. Harris, Herrick, Hoiinan,.rlnhp John-
son, Kalbflet-sch, King, Law, Lozcar, Long, Mailory,
Marcy, MnKinney, Middleton, James R. Morris, Morrison,
Nelson, John (•Xeill, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Robin-
son. Roger*, John B. Steele, Sirou&e, Chilton A. White,
Winlieid, and Yeaman—4-2.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
SHELBY RAID IN MISSOURI,
Mr. KING. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution offered by myself in relation
to tho Shelby raid in Missouri was agreed to. I
have no use for the report now.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. KING. I now move to lay the resolution
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CASE Off JAMES M. IIUNT.
T3ie next resolution in order was one offered
on the 7th of March by Mr. Morris, of Ohio,
requesting the Secretary of War to communicate
to this House all the testimony and proceedings
before a military commission which convened at
Norfolk, Virginia, on the 28th day of December,
18G3, for the trial of James M. Hunt, late master
of transportation and superintendent of vessels in
the quartermaster's department of the depart-
ment of Virginia.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. As I introduced a
subsequent resolution which covered that ground,
and which was adopted, I move to lay that reso-
lution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
POLITICAL PRISONERS.
The next resolution in order was one offered
on the 21st of March by Mr. Eldridge, request-
ing the President of the United States/ and direct-
ing the Secretary of State and the Secretary of
War, to report and furnish to this House the
names of all persons, if any there are, arrested
and held in prison or confinement in any prison,
fort, .or other place whatsoever, for political offen-
ses, or any other alleged offense against the Gov-
