THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
June 29.
•jXr.. ANTflONY. It is hardly possible for me
to tell. . . .
VMn; WADE. .jttght how mach>.. •. i
Mr. ANTHOnpapt should thiA sontewtare
between-six hundretTand a thousand dollars,
air. WADE; I thiuk the,publication is worth
tfeatii) !i.t !■- t - • < * .l';: *■ •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then motion
to print the ciocumeivt mnai be referred'Xo the
GoMirtittM on Priming. ■ ■'
Mr;-€ONNESS. ■ Is- that the case where the
tttitiori is tfc jwint (be usual number only ?
- The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. The
naotioii wHi go to the Committee on Printing un-
der therules. • '
, senators from arkansas .
ITRUMBULL. I rise to what I suppose
tft,tosa,{juestiojv. of privilege, to ask the Senate
toconsiderthe resolution reported by the Com-
mittee pn the Judiciary, declaring ihpt Messrs.
Baxter.and Fishback, whose credentials were, re-
ferred to, that Committee, are not entitled to seats
as^Senators from the State'of Arkansas. 1 will
state 'to the Senate that tne conclusion of the com-
mittee was unanimous; there was no disagree-
ment i>). committee, and I do not suppose it will
le'at) to discission in the Senate. I think it due
to tjie gentlemen who have presented themselves
here that we should vote upon the question and
settle it,and as. there was no difference in thecom-
mjttee, I trust it will not lead to any extended re-
marks in Uie Senate.
I tfheEUKSlDING OFFICER. The Chair will
pyt tj.he question on the motion of the Senator
fr^m Illinois to tala#iup th# resolution indicated
by him.
The motibp was agreed to.
MILITARY RAILROAD TO EAST TENNESSEE.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to be allowed to make
a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive it, if there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 83) authorizing
the President to construct a military railroad from
tlje valley of the Ohio to EastTennessee, reported
it" without amendment.
Mr. POWELL. 1 hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will ask for the present consideration
ot that joint resolution.*"
ftjr. TRUMBULL. I cannot give way for that
purpose.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the letter of the
Secretary of War addressed to the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mili-
tia, with the inclosed tetter of General Halleek on
the subject of that joint resolution, be printed for
the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
; BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked,and by unanimous con-
Bent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
339) to repeal a joint resolution to grant additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department!,'and for
• other purposes; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
340) to provide for the survey and sale of the
mineral lands, and to extend the right of pre-
emption thereto; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say that this is a
bill of great eonsequence to the State which I rep-
resent here and to the country generally, and my
purpose in introducing it now is that it may be
made the subject of public consideration.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE J?ItOM THE IIOL'SIS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 203) authorizing a grant to the
State of California of " Yosemite Valley" and of
the land embracing the "Mariposa Big Tree
Grove;" and
A bill (No. 226) to aid in the settlement, sub-
sistence, arid support of the Navajo Indian cap-
tives upon a reservation ia the.Territory of New
Mexico;
The message also announced that the-House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 184) to facilitate proceedings'in ad-
miralty and other judicial proceedings in the port
of New York, and for other purposes;
A bill (No. 559) to quiet the titles to lands
within the Rancho Laguna de Santos Calle, in
the State of California; and
A bill (No. 561]f'to authorize the United States
to acquire land in Wallabout bay, belonging to
the city Brooklyn, and to authorize the ex-
change of other lands therefor.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
483) granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from Lake Superior
to Puget sound, on the Pacific coast, by the
northern route, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr. L. D.
M. Sweat of Maine, and Mr. Ignatius Don-
nelly of Minnesota, managers at the same on
its part. MLLg BEC0ME LAWg_
The message also announced that the President
of the United Slates had approved and signed, on
the 25th'instant, the following acts and joint res-
olutions:
An act(H. R. No. 192) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive,,,and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 1865;
An act (H. R. No. 240) making appropriations
for the currentand contingent expenses of the In-
dian department and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes fur the year
ending June 30, 1865, and for other purposes;
An act (II. R. No. 247) granting lands to the
State of Wisconsin to build a military road to Lake
Superior;
An act (H. R. No. 434) to authorize the bailiff
of the orphans' court in the county of Washing-
ton and District of Columbia to serve processes
issued by said court, and for other purposes;
An act (II. R. No. 453) to increase the pen-
sion of Isaac Allen;
An act (H. tt. No. 545) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property destroyed m the mili-
tary service of the United States;"
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 87) amendatory
of an act to provide for the deficiency for the pay
of officers and men actually employed in the West-
ern department or department of Missouii;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 95) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to amend the contract
with John Ericsson for the construction of two
impregnable floating batteries, the Dictator and
the Puritan; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) for the re-
lief of Major Morris S. Miller, of the quarter-
master's department.
And on the 23th instant, the following acts and
joint resolutions:
An act (I-I. R. No. 450) to provide for the re-
pair and preservation of certain public works of
the United States;
An act (H. It. No. 512) to repeal the fugitive
slave act of 1850, and all acts and parts of acts
for the rendition of fugitive slaves;
An act (H. R No. 519) repealing certain pro-
visions of law concerning seamen on board pub-
lic and private vessels of the United States;
An act (II. R. No. 537) to incorporate the
Young Men's Chiistian Association of the city
of Washington;
An act (H. U. No. 551) to incorporate the Col-
ored Catholic Benevolent Society;
An act (H. It. No. 554) to provide for the im-
provement of the grounds of the Government hos-
pital for the insane by an exchange of lands;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 109) correcting
a clerical error in the award of the emancipation
commissioners;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) to declare
the construction of a joint resolution for the relief
of W. B. Matchett, approved June 20, 1864; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 115) to continue
in force the joint resolution entitled "Ajoint res-
olution to increase, temporarily tb,e duties on im-
ports," approved April 29,1860.
A message from the President of the United
States, by.Mr. Hay, his Secretary,, announced
that he had,approved and signed, on the 27th in-
stant, the following acts: : ,
An,act (S. No. 55) in relation to the circuit court
in and for the district of Wisconsin, and for
other purposes; - "
An act (S.No. 187) to carry into.effect a treaty,
between the United States and her Britannic. Ma-
jesty for the final settlement of the claims of the
Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound Agricultural
Companies',
An act (S. No. 266) to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 296) in relation to the fees and
emoluments of the marshal, attorney, and clerk
of the supreme, court of the District of Columbia,
and for other purposes.
northern pacific railroad.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to'the bill of the House (No.'483) granting
lands to aid in the construction of a railroad and*
telegraph line from Lake Superior to Puget
sound, on thcPacific coast, by the northern route.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it ljjas
Renlved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the said bill disagreed toby the House "of Representatives,
ami agree to the conference asked by lhe House on tllft
disatrn'cing votes oftbe two Houses thcreoil.
Oulercd, That the eonfeiees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by tiie President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Doolittle, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Nesmith.
NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to make
a report at this time. [" No objection."] The
select committee on naval supplies have instructed
me to make a report, which I submit and move
to have printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to print the report. ' .
Mr. CONNESS. Just such a motion a tittle
while ago the Chairdccided should be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
a committee can be printed for the use of the Sen-
ate without that reference.
Mr. CONNESS. Was not the report of the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] a re-
port from the Committee on Foreign Relations?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He did not re-
port a motion to print, but reported back certain
papers from his committee; a motion to print
them was made,and that motion wentto the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BUCICALEW. I desire to accompany
this report by a motion to print two thousand
extra copies, which motion 1 suppose will go to
the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. DOOLITTLE subsequently said: In my
absence this morning I understand that the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire assumed to make a
leport as coming from the committee of investi-
gation in regard to certain matters connected with
the furnishing of naval supplies. When that
Senator comes in I shall have something to say
on that subject. I will only say now that by the
understanding of the committee no report has yet
been made; and I shall wait until the Senator
comcs in before I venture to allow myself to
speak what I think in relation to what has oc-
curred.
SENATORS rilOM ARKANSAS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion taken up on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That William M. Fishback and Elislia Bax-
ter are not entitled to seats as Senators Irom the State of
Aikansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to postpone
the consideration of the resolution until the first
Monday of December next. ' I
The question was put; and it was declared that
the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rose in time to ask
for the yeas and nays on the postponement of the
resolution and addressed the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it not suit the Sen-
ator just as well to take the yeas and nays on the
