362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
sire to hear what vindication ran he made of this
section. It seems to me to be so clearly a viola-
tion of the Constitution, that I feel confident the
Senate will not for a moment hesitate to sustain
the motion I have made to strike it out. It is pal-
pably wrong in every respect. It deprives men
of their property, and declares free the slaves of
men who live in loyal States, who have been al-
ways loyal, and whose property has not been used
in any way to promote or to aid the rebellion,
merely because the kindred, perhaps in some other
States, of one of their slaves has joined the Army
of the United States.
Mr. HENDERSON. Is it in order to move an
amendment to this section before yie vote is taken
on striking: it out?
The YlfcE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then I move to amend
the section by striking out the woids "his mo-
ther, and his wife and children," in the fifth line;
and after the word " notwithstanding," in the
seventh line, to insert " and his mother, his wife
and children shall also be free, provided that by
the laws of any State they owe service or labor
to any person or persons who have given aid or
comfort to the existing rebellion against the Gov-
ernment since July 17, 18G2."
Mr. GRIMES. I believe the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Missouri is substan-
tially the law as it stands to-day. Any person of
African descent now held in bondage, and whose
scrvice is claimed by a person in rebellion, or who
has furnished aid and comfort to the rebellion, if
he enlists into the service of the United States he-
comes a free man. The proposition in the third
section of this bill is to extend that existing law
so as to set free any colored person, whethjw* he
belongs to a loyal citizen or to a disloyal citffien,
if he shall enlist into the service of the United
States and shall remain in the service for the pe-
riod of three years,
Mr. JOHNSON. Without compensation to the
owner?
Mr. GRIMES. That is a question which is not
provided for in this bill, but which will undoubt-
edly come up hereafter. If the Government sets
free a person to whom some one lias a legitimate
and legal claim, recognized as such by the Gov-
ernment, unquestionably he would be entitled to
pay. The reason why I shall vote for this sec-
tion is that I am exceedingly anxious to pass a
law by which it shall be declared that if a man
who has periled his life for me and for the insti-
tutionsof my country at Port Hudson—I care not
what kind of a claim may be set up to his service
or who may set it up—is claimed by any one,
that claim shall not be regarded. I am unwilling
that after he has thus periled his life and been
wounded in my defense, he shall be taken off to
slavery by any person or under any sort of insti-
tution. 1 think that such a proposition as this
will meet the approval and commendation of the
country, and I rejoice that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts and the Committee on Military Affairs
have given us an opportunity to record our votes
in favor of it.
Mr. WILKINSON. There is no necessity for
the adoption of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri. The thirteenth section of
the actof July 17,1862, " to amend the act calling
forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress msutroctions, and repel invasions, ap-
pioved February 28, 1795, and the acts amenda-
tory thereof, and for other purposes," contains
the following pioviso:
" Proi That the niothci, wife, and children of such
man or boy of African decent shall not lie madefico by the
operation of tins act except wheic such mother, wile, or
children owe service or labor to some petj-on who, during
the present rebellion, has borne arm" asjainbt the United
States or adhered to their enemies; by giving them aid and
comfort."
That is the law as it now stands; and if the
Senator from Missouri wishes to carry outthe pur-
pose or to retain this provision of the existing law,
all he has to do is to oppose this section entirely.
1 think, Mr. Piesiduit, that the clause I have just
read is the most disgraceful legislation ofthe Con-
gress which passed that law. It is a disgrace to
the nation to pass such a law, end I am very
much rejoiced that the Committee on Military
Affairs have introduced this bill wiping it out.
What are the facts? We muster a man into the
service of the United Slates and free him if he
serves in the armies of the Union to put down this
rebellion, but we suffer his mother, his wife, and
his children to remain in slavery. What is free-
dom worth to a man who has served in the armies
of the Union to put down this rebellion, if you
take his family away from him and keep them in
slavery ? 1 believe that the public sentiment of the
country requires the adoption of this section; and
I should be very much surprised if this Congress,
after providing for mustering men into the service
of the country, and after declaring that those^who
serve their country shall be free men, should decide
that their wives or their children should remain in
slavery. I hope the amendment offered by the
Senator from Missouri will not prevail.
Mr. HENDERSON. I certainly, so far as the
mere question ©f the existence of slavery is con-
cerned in any one of the States, care nothing in
regard to this amendment. I believe that the
amendment adopted m the law from which the
Senator from Minnesota read was offered by my-
self, and I regret very much that the Senator
should think that the legislation of itself was dis-
graceful legislation. That is an opinion of his,
an opinion in which I do not concur.
I do not desire that any Senator shall suppose
that I have offered this amendment with a view
of protecting, in any one of the States, the insti-
tution of slavery. I have not been engaged very
recently in the protection of that institution; and
so far as I can go constitutionally to abolish the
institution throughout the country, I most unhes-
itatingly would do so. I have offered an amend-
ment here to the Constitution in order to get rid
of it not only in the border States, but in every
State in the American Union, and I shall most
cheerfully vote for it, because in that way, in my
judgment, we can constitutionally do this thing
which seems to be so desirable.
But, Mr. President, the proposition contained in
the third section of this bill is, that when a slave,
or one who is held as a slave under the laws of
one of the States, shall be mustered into the scr-
vicoofthu United States,the relatives of that slave
shall all be free. I ask the Senator from Minne-
sota, and the Senator from Iowa, who have ad-
vocated this proposition, and 1 desire them to
answer, if Congress has the power by the mere
fact of a slave serving for an hour or two hours,
or a day, to emancipate all of his relatives, has it
not also the power to-day to pass a law emanci-
pating the slaves in Kentucky and Missouri, en-
tirely upon the broad ground that slavery stands
in the way of our peace, that it is an institution
which has originated the rebellion, and that in
order to put down the rebellion it is necessary to
get rid of it, and therefore we have the power to
pass it?
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator desire an
answer?
Mr. HENDERSON. I do.
Mr. GRIMES. I will say very frankly that I
have not any doubt of it at all, and I shall be very
anxious to have an opportunity to vote for the
passage of such a law as that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the Senator has
answered very properly, because his answer now
is the proper sequence of the remarks that he has
made. I differ from him in that respect. He may
be correct; he may be advocating the true and the
proprrdoctrine;but, sir, 1 differ from his position,
and I must say that this doctrine is certainly a
very new one. It certainly never has been advo-
cated before in the Congress of the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. For the reason that we have
never had a civil war before.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to assume the ground that this power would
not exist in the Congress of the United States but
for the existence of the present civil war? Is that
his position? I understand that it is. He assents
to it. Well, now, Mr. President, of course, upon
an amendment of this character, I am not disposed
to go into a discussion of the extended or enlarged
powers of the Government during the existence of
a civil war. I see no necessity whatever for the
legislation proposed in the third section of the bill
before us. If I could vote for it I could vote for
the proposition which the Senator from Iowa says
he is prepared to vote for and which he desires to
vote for. That question ought to be tested; and
if it be desired to abolish slavery throughout the
United States by an actof Congress,let the prop-
osition be made and let us meet the question
boldly and manfully. I am no advocate for the
institution, and most cheerfully will 1 listen to the
arguments of the Senator from Iowa to demon-
strate to me, if he possibly can, that it is within
the power of Congress to pass such an act. This
proposition involves that very question, for such
a measure is but the necessary logical result ofthe
passage ofthe third section of this bill. The prop-
osition contained in that section is simply this:
that no matter how loyal a man may have been in
one ofthe slaveholding States, no matter whether
he may have most willingly given the privilege to
any of his slaves to enlist in the service of the
United States, no matter whether he may have
himselfentered the service and given his own sons
to the service, you will take his property, that
which by the laws of his State is regarded as his
property. I speak not of a man in one of the se-
ceded States, but of one in my own State of Mis-
souri for instance, which I deny has ever adopted
any act whatever to indicate any purpose of leav-
ing the Union. It is true we have had a great
many boisterous spirits that have provoked much
difficulty in the State, but I deny thatin any proper
sense of the word it can be considered a disloyal
State. SoofKentucky;soofMaryland. Sir,there
are thousands of as loyal men as live who happen
to be slaveholders in those respective States. I am
satisfied of it; but I know very well that the mere
expression of this opinion is calculated in the minds
of some gentlemen to cast suspicion upon even my
own loyalty. Sir, if I did not know it, perhaps I
should think differently, perhaps I should believe
as'the Senator from Iowa and the Senator from
Minnesota do; but I know the fact; I have wit-
nessed it; and knowing it, I cannot speak other-
wise than as I have done.
Let me say to the Senator from Iowa and the
Senator from Minnesota that my impression is
that when you put this rebellion down, slavery
forever dies because of the fact that they have or-
ganized this rebellion on the existence of the in-
stitution; and if the rebellion goes by the board
the institution itself goes. I can further state to
those gentlemen that I believe no State will again
take its place in the Union without first by the
action of its own people abolishing slavery. That
is my opinion. I have' never doubted, I do not
to-day doubt, that the very first intimation of this
rebellion was the destruction of slavery in this
country. 1 have never changed my mind on that
point. I have said it repeatedly. But I do pro-
test against legislation which is calculated, unne-
cessarily as I think, to irritate loyal men. I see
no necessity for it, because our States are coming
to the emancipation of slavery, and we are now
in my own State putting into the service every
man that can serve. We have adopted an actof
gradual emancipation, and I think an act of im-
mediate emancipation will be passed in the course
of a very short time. Why not let the people
themselves take action on this subject without
incumbering bills of this character with uncer-
tainties and difficulties as to who may be made
free under it?
It is unnecessary for me to repeat what was so
ably and eloquently said by the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] at the time this very
proposition was under discussion here before. It
is one of the misfortunes, one of the difficulties
of the institution of slavery that a slave has no
wife ; and, sir, unless you can determine that fact
under the laws of the respective States, I do not
see how you are properly to get along with a pro-
vision such as is contained in the third section.
Besides, the States themselves are marching up
to this great work. I have no doubt that within
the next twelve months Arkansas will abolish
slavery foreverand ever; and even if South Caro-
lina, if North Carolina and Virginia should be un-
willing to adopt emancipation, and there should
be any danger of their returning to the Union with
the institution of slavery, the proposition that I
submitted a few days ago will rid us of that difficul-
ty. Three fourths of the States can be obtained to
vote for the proposition amending the Constitu-
tion such as I have submitted, and that forever
abolishes the institution of slavery in the remain-
ing one fourth. It oughtto be adopted. We ought
to get rid of it in this way. I sec a determina-
tion manifested on the part of the loyal people of
this country that slavery shall cease to exist. I
do not object to that determination, I am notgo-
ing to fight against it. Perhaps it is the blessing
of all others that is to follow the curses of this re-
