2384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
for; but if the owner of that land which is taken
has received any special benefit by the taking of
it to his other land i.> the way of draining, if his
bogs or swamps have been drained, orany special
advantage has been conferred on property not
taken, that may be offset against the value of the
land which is appropriated to the building of the
road. As far as the courts have gone, I believe
they still insist—that is my recollection; I have
not looked at a law book in reference to this
question for a long time—that the commissioners
must appraise the land taken at its value at the
time of appraisal; and therefore when lands have,
"been enhanced in value by the mere prospect of
building a road, the mere proffer of building a
road, commissioners have been compelled to make
the assessments upon that new basis.
The language which the Senator from Iowa
proposes to strike out of this bill is language put
in there in order to make the commissioners adopt
a rule of assessment which the courts have, as I
understand,uniformlyrepudzated and rejected, to
make them assess the general advantages derived
from building the road to the land of a man who
has some land taken, as well as to other lands in
the neighborhood, and to offset that against the
valueof the land taken. 1 shall vote to strikeout
these words, because 1 do not believe the courts
will abandon the position they have taken upon
that question. I am in favor of the wordy pre-
ceding these, which call upon the commissioners
to assess these lands at the value they had irre-
spective of the building of the road. I want to
see those words incorporated into a law and placed
before a court, to see whether they will recognize
that rule or not. I beiievc they will, I believe
it is a just rule. I believe the other is just, too,
but the courts, I understand, have so uniformly
rejected it that I do not think they will acquiesce
in it. Therefore 1 want to retain these words.
Rut the Senator from Michigan now proposes
to incorporate just the language of the Constitu-
tion. That language of course is incorporated,
let your bill be as it will, it leaves the question
for judicial interpretation just as it always has,
and the commissioners will be governed by the
body of the adjudications as they now stand. The
law is just as all other laws have been; it uses the
language of the Constitution, and that language
will be the controlling language, let the words
employed in the bill* be what they may. For that
reason I ventured to object to the substitution of
the amendment suggested by the Senator from
Michigan for that offered by the Senator from
Iowa. I think we had better strike out the words
proposed to be struck out by the Senator from
Iowa, because they have been so often rejected by
the courts. I think we had better retain the other
woids, for I do not understand that the courts
haveeverexpressly ruled upon them when found
in a law. I think wc had better experiment on
them.
Mr. WILSON. It is necessary to have an
executive session to-day, and I therefore move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. RAMSEY. "Will the Senator give way
for a motion that when we adjourn to-day it be
to meet on Monday?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
can only be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. FOOT. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall come to a
vote on the proposition before the Senate. I do
not wish the discussion renewed again on a fu-
ture day so as to consume another day. I hope
we shall come to a vote.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think we could got through
the bill to-day if we only addressed ourselves to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Iowa to the amendment of the committee,
on which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs?. Buckalew, Carhle, Chandler, Clark.
ColUm.T, Conner, Cowan, Davis, DooUtUe, Fessenden,
Foot, Grimes, Halo, Harding, Harlan, Ilartis,
Henderson, Hendricks Howe, Lane of Kansas, Moriill,
Ramsey, Suulf-bujy, Sherman, and Sprague—26.
NAY^ —IVfessi'F. Anthony, Dixon, Howard, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Pomerov, Powell, Richardson,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, YVilley,
and Wilson—Jti".
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Hicks, McDougall, Nesmith,
Riddle, Van Winkle, and Wright—7.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope not. I think we had
better go on and finish this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I inquire of the Senator from
Massachusetts if there is any pressing business
in executive session.
Mr. WILSON. We have nominations before
us that I think the Senate owes it to the country
to confirm to-day.
Mx*. HOWARD. Only a very few officers
whose nominations are pending before us, except
paymasters and quartermasters. There are very
few generals, I think. I think the country can
well dispense with action on them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The question being put, there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 22, nays 7. So the motion was
agreed to; and after some time spent in the con-
sideration of executive business, the doors were
reopened.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had disagreed to
the amendments of the Senate to the bill of the
House (No. 381) to amend an act entitled u An
act making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State," approved May
15, 185G, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. William B. Allison of Iowa, Mr.
John A. J. Creswell of Maryland, and Mr.
Charles A. Eldridge of Wisconsin, managers
at the same on its part. ^
Oh motion of Mr, HARLAN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments to the bill of
the House (No. 381) to amend an act entitled
" An act making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State," approved
May 15, 1856, and *
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
to the said bill, dnueieod to by the Ilou<e of Repiesenta-
tives, and agree to the oont'eience finked by the House on
the dit-agu'enijj votes ot' the two Hou.-es thereon.
Ordered, That the managers on the part of the Senate
be appointed by tiie President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Foot, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Powell.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to have the ques-
tion taken on my motion to reconsider the vote by
which the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. IIowe]
was excused from service upon the Committee on
Finance.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. IIOWE. 1 beg leave to withdraw my mo-
tion to be excused.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there con-
sent that the motion may be withdrawn ? The
Chair hears no objection.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 21; as follows:
V CAS—Messrs Buckulew, Carhle, Chandler, Cowan,
Davis Crimes, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Harris, Henderson.
HendricKs, Johnson, Moriill, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson^
Suulsburj, Wilkinson, and Wilson—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clatk, Collamer, Conness,
Dixon, Doohttle, Foot, Foster, Howard, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, of Kansas, Morgan, Pnmrroy, Sherman,
Spraifue, Sumner, Ten £yck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wii-
ley—'21.
ABSENT—-Me^rs. Brown. F^ssenden, Hicks, MeDou-*
gall, Nesmith, Kiddle, Van Winkle, and Wright—8.
So the motion was not ageeed to.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fiiida^ May 20, 1864.
The House met ax twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Hosmer, of BuffMo, New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
QUALIFICATION OF A MEMBER.
On motion of Mff WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
Mr. E. C. Ingersoll, a member-elect from the
State of Illinois in the place of Owen Lovejoy, de-
ceased, appeared, was sworn to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, &c., as prescribed
by the act of July 2, 1862, and took his seat in
the House.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OKEGON.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Secre-
tary of theTreasury hassenttothe.Committee on
Commerce a little bill which does away with a
couple of p&rts of delivery in Oregon as ports of en-
try, and recommending that they be attached to the
collection district of Oregon. As this is legisla-
tion in the right direction, reducing offices and the
expenses of the Government, and is promotive of
the public interest, I ask that the bill may be in-
troduced and put upon its passage now.
No objection being made,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill to abolish the collection districts of Cape Per-
petua and Port Orford, Oregon, and to attach the
same to the collection district of Oregon; which
was read a first and second time, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to Jay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO IOWA.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, the bill (H. R.
No. 381) to amend an actentitled "An act making
a grant of land to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State," approved May 15, 1856,
with the Senate amendments thereto, was taken
up for consideration.
The Senate amendments to the bill were not
concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON. I move that a committee of
conference be appointed on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Allison, Mr. Creswell, and Mr. Eldridge as
such committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the remainder of the day
be devoted to the consideration of private bills,
with the exception of reports from conference
committees.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. COFFROTH. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that when the House adjourns to-
day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. WILSON. On that motion 1 demand tell-
lers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Spalding and
.Mr. Coffroth were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 trust the House will con-
sider the importance of giving us one day of this
week for visiting the hospitals.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 42.
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeasand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COFFROTH. I withdraw the motion.
It can be renewed when the House is fuller.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the motion that
when the House adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. SPALDING On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 49, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Bliss, Boyd, Brooks,
James S. Brown, Colfroth, Cox, Crave us, Cresweii, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawson, Donnelly, Edgerton, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Oriswold, Hale, ijali, Harrington, Charles
M. Harris, Holman, Notch kis*;, John II. Hubbaid, Uutchins,
