THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,D. C.'
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1864.
New Series No. 231.
adoption of the resolution? I have no objection
to the yeas and nays on the postponement if he
desires them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will state what my
object is. I do not want to say anything or do
anything to discourage the Union men of the
State of Arkansas. They have a State govern-
ment in motion; they have sent their Senators
here, and I hope by the meeting of the next ses-
sion of Congress they will be able to satisfy the
Senate that their Senators are entitled to seats.
I desire, therefore, to record my vote, if I am the
only one, in favor of postponing the question
until December next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were rydered.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. NESMITH. I-hope this resolution will
be postponed. 1 am not prepared at present to
vote either for the admission or the rejection of
these claimants, for the reason that the matter has
not been presented to the Senate and investigated
here, and 1 have had no opportunity to read the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary. I
think it is a subject of sufficient importance to
be pretty thoroughly investigated. If it be de-
ferred till December, no injury can arise from the
postponement, and I would much prefer that
couise. I do not iiketo vote to receive or reject
Senators until 1 have had an opportunity to in-
vestigate all the cncumstances of the case.
Mr. HALE. If theie is a single question that
this Congress ought to settle before it adjourns
it is this atul questions cognate to it affecting the
presidential election, for they are pregnant with
great danger to the peace of the country. If Con-
gress adjourns and goes home leaving them un-
settled it will, I think, neglect Us plainest duty.
If the state of the poll at the coming presiden-
tial election should be such that the question who
is to be President of the United States would de-
pend upon the votes of States in the situation of
Arkansas and Louisiana, if the votes of Slates
thus situated should be such as to decide the re-
sult, do you believe, sir, does the Senate believe
that in the present state of the country the party
who would have elected their President but for
the admission of those votes would submit to
such a result? I believe that this question is
pregnant with civil war, and that if such a state
of things should occur we should be in very
great danger of Slaving another rebellion on our
hands. We can settle it now without difficulty,
without ( mbarrassment; and i think we owe U
to the country, we owe it to ourselves, that the
simple question of what arc States of the Union
for the put poses of the next presidential election
should be settled by law or joint resolution be-
fore we separate.
Mr. TEN EYCK. If there is any person in
this body who feels a stronger anxiety and desire
that the loyal men of these States who have been
under the piessure of rebellion should be recog-
nized and encouiaged, fostered and ptotected, I
should like to see that man; but, sn , we must not
suffer our feelings to get the better of our judg-
ment. We cannot disregatd the fact which is ad-
nutted by thegentlemenaskingseatson this floor,
that the State of Aikansas is still in a condition
of rebellion. We cannot disguise the fact that the
President of the United States has, m pursuance
of a law of Congress authonzmg him so to do,
published his pioclamation declatmg tins State,
among otheis, in a state of insurrection and rebel-
lion. And while that statute and tins proclama-
tion exist, I myself, notwithstanding my anxiety
and my desire, my most earnest wishes, cannot
see niy way clear m voting to admit these respect-
able gentlemen to seats upon this floor. That, and
that alone, restrains my hand and controls my
vote.
1 think, sir, we need some authoritative acton
the part of Congress or the Piesident—I do not
myself go so far as to say that it is necessary to
have an act of Congress—declaring the condition
211
of these States. I think the same power which
binds can unloose, so to speak. I think that as
we authorized the President by his proclamation
to dcclare certain States under certain circum-
stances to be in rebellion, and to intermit or pro-
hibitintercourseand trade with those States, when
such a state of facts shall exist under the progress
of our arms as to authorize the President of the
United Statesorthe Congress (as may be determ-
ined) in declaring that the rebellion lias been put
down, and when the loyal people in those districts
or States, they being in my opinion still in the
Union, have organized a new constitution, or or-
ganized themselves under a constitution having a
republican form of Government secured by "it,
then, and then for the first time, can we as a Senate
under the law admit to seats on this floor persons
appointed orelected as Senators from those States.
1 do not mean to take up time, bu^with my
feeling strongly biasing me, I am yet restrained
by my consciousness of what the law is to vote
for the resolution as itcame from the Committee
mi the Judiciary, and 1 think we ought to decide
it now. I agree with the Senator from New
Hampshire that it is one of the most important
and engrossing subjects that can occupy the at-
tention of this body, and calls for our action now
over and above anything else, save the stern, se-
vere duty of passing bills to appropria e mo\iey
and raise men for cairying on the war.
Mr. NESMITH. As I said before, I am not
prcpaied to vote on this question. I do not know
that I shall vote for the admission of the gentle-
men claiming seats from Arkansas under any
cucumstanees. Foi the admission of one of them
1 ccitamly would not vote if the statement which
has been made heic be couoboratcd in relation to
his vote for secession. I have never believed in
the legality of'secession; I have never been dis-
posed or inclined to recognize it in any way; I
have nevei believed and 1 do not believe to-day
that the State of Arkansas or any other State of
this Union has gone out'of the Union. I have
never recognized the doctrine that a convention
of disorganized and rebels could hgunmuely as-
semble within the boundaries of any State and
abolish the Constitution either of the State or of
the United States. I believe that the State of Ar-
kansas is to-day as much a Srafe of this Union
as the State of JNew York, and there is no power,
in my opinion, that can place her beyond the
pale of the Union. If 1 am correct in that doc-
tiine (and I do not think it can be controverted)
as to the illegality of a State going out of the
Union, if the State is in the Union she certainly
hns a u^ht undei the Constitution to representa-
tion in Cnngiess, and whenever that representa-
tion present.* itself here under the forms prescribed
by the Constitution of iheUmk-d States if should
be adimttid if there is no objection to the men;
and when I sa^ objection to the men, I mean
they must be men who have not committed acts
which would preclude them from taking the
oath necessary to be taken m older to entitle them
to seats on this floor. 1 intend to vote foi the
admission of Senators undei every uieumstunee
when they come here as authotizcd by the Con-
stitution. What may be embodied in the leport
of the Committee on the Judiciary m this case I
do not know. I certainly should have very great
respect h r anything emanating from that com-
mittee, but I have not hud time to lead it, and I
merely piesent this as my own view of the ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fostku.)
The Chan inu&t announce the fact that the hour
husairiv.d for the considt. ration of the hpeuul
oi del*, being the uniin 5*.hod business of yesti-i day.
Mr. TRUAI BULL. This being a question of j
privilege, m reference to the seat of membeiS on j
the floor, 1 suppose must be continued. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A question !
relating to the constitution ol the body is a ques- i
tion of privilege, and, unless the Senate otherwise i
ordei, the discussion wiil proceed on this question. [
It was, however, the duly of the Chair under the 1
rule to state the fact that the hour had arrived for
the consideration of the special order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 shall detain the Senate
but a single moment, and I would not that long
but for some remarks which fell from the Senator
from Oregon. The Committee on the Judiciary
were aware of this controverted question as to
whether Arkansas was a State in the Union or
out of the Union, and as to what would be neees-
saiy to put a State i,n the Union if it were out,
and they have avoided the expression of any
opinion on such points. The committee have
confined themselves entirely to the question re-
ferred to them, the credentials of the gentlemen
claiming seats from the State of Arkansas, and
the question discussed by the committee was
simply this, whether they were elected by the
Legislature of Arkansas; and the committee state
that from the facts before them they are not satis-
fied that the body which returned these gentle-
men here is in a legal sense,in the constitutional
sense, the Legislature of Arkansas which would
have authority to elect Senators. The report was
hud on the tables of Senators yesterday, and I
am sorry the Senator from Oregon has not
looked it over. Although there was some differ-
ence as to whether a law was necessary in the
first instance before a Legislature could be organ-
ized that could elect Senators, the committee for-
bore to exptexs any opinion upon that; but
whether a law is necessary in the first instance,
the joint action of Congress, to organize a Lcgis-
latute which would be authorized to elect Sena-
tors, or whether it is not, the body sending these
gentlemen here, the committee were of opinion,
was not such a Legislature as was authonzcd to
elect Senutoi s to the Senate of the United Slates,
because the committee from the facts before them
did not believe that the body of men who assumed
to elect these gentlemen was a body of men selected
by the loyal inhabitants of Arkansas entirely
unrestrained by military authority; and we were
of opinion that, until a state of things existed in
Arkansas so that theloyal inhabitants could have
an opportunity freely to express their opinions
in the selectio'l/f^f a legislative body no legis-
lative body coufu convene having authority to
elect Senators. However anxious we all weio
to encourage the loyal sentiment of Arkansas,
yet knowing the fact that part of that State is in
the possession of hostile armies, that those ar-
mies exercise supienv authority overaconsider-
ahle portion of the State at this time, a laigQ
portion of the State being in the possession of
the em my, the President's proclamation declar-
ing the inhabitants of the. State to be in a state
of insuirecLion being unrecailed, we wcie of
opinionthat the body which assembled theie and
the government which had been set up by it was
not that republican form of government which
the Constitution lequnes the United Slates to
guaranty to each State m the Union; that to be
a republican form of government such as the
Constitution contemplates, it must be a civil
government paramount and not subordinate to
inihtai y authoi ity.
These were the considerations in a general view
that occurred to the committee as conclusive upon
the nght of these genilemen to seats. I forbear
to go into a geneial discussion of the question. I
was in hopes we could have a vote without dis-
cussion, because we have sought to avoid in ihe
report the contioverted point to which the Sena-
tor from Oiegon has alluded, whether Aikansas
be a State m the Union or a State not in the- Union.
Mr. NESMITH. L will state to the Senator
fiom Illinois that 1 merely suggested that point
as a reason why action should be dufersed until
the next session. 1 stated that 1 was not pie-
pal ed to vote for or against the admission of these
gentlemen at present. 1 did not raise it with a
view of provoking any discussion whatever.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to say that it
would matter not whether Aikansas weie in the
Union or out of the Union; if in either event she
has not such u body of men as a Legislature us
would be entitled to elect Senators, the persons
