364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
to whom it applies, you will find it applies to
everybody in that whole country who in anyway
whatever have participated in the rebellion, or in
any way given aid and comfort to it.
Then again, sir, at a little later period I find the
honorable Senator,who it is now said is so shocked
at the exhibitions of arbitrary pow«r and the pur-
pose of the Government in carrying on 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the Senator aHow me to
interpose a word ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. If he will read through that bill
he will discover that the question and fact of for-
feiture there is referred expressly to the civil courts
of the country, and is not to be decided by the
President or by military tribunals. That is my
recollection.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is so; but that
does not affect the force of my argument.
On the 13th of February, 1862, the honorable
Senator introduced a series of resolutions in the
Senate. In the first place they go on to say what
the duty of the Government is in putting down
this rebellion; and then the concluding paragraph
of the last resolution is in these words:
"And if the people of any State cannot, or will not, re-
construct their State government and return to loyalty and
duty, Congress should provide a government for such State
as a Territory of the United States, seeming to the people
thereof their appropriate constitutional rights."
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Maine what is the date of that resolu-
tion; if it was not before the President's emanci-
pation proclamation?
Mr. MORRILL. Long before.
Mr.CLARK. Thereis "a nigger in the wood-
pile" now. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORRILL. The resolutions were intro-
duced February 13, 1862.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator al-
low me another word?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I hold this to be the correct prin-
«iple: if a State is in rebellion and has expelled
the authority of the United States and herpeople
will not organize a government for themselves, as
a matter of right and as a matter of necessity it
devolves upon the military commander who has
possession of the military departmerit to organize
a military government for the time for thatcoun-
try. That, I hold, is the correct principle.
Mr. SUMNER. The resolution says, " Con-
gress."
Mr. DAVIS. We know what the resolution
says. It has been read, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. The resolution appeals to the
power Congress in such a case. But what I
am introducing here is no part of the argument
which I intend to address to the Senate by and by
on the subject of these resolutions. It is byway
of repelling or replying to the argument of the
honorable Senator from Maryland that possibly
out of the patriotic ardor of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, out of his apprehensions of the
exercise of arbitrary power on (he part of this
Government, in the ebullition, so to speak, of his
patriotism, he had been drawn into these declara-
tions. My object is to show that among those
who have been most sweeping in their proposi-
tions of confiscation and emancipation and the
i eduction of States to Territories, nobody on this
floor begins to compare with the honorable Sena-
tor from Kentucky. When the future historian
of this country shall seaich the records of this
Senate to see who was first and foremost in the
invention, as it is supposed, of this dogma of
reducing States to Territories, if the honorable
Senator from Kentucky is disposed to assert his
rights, I am sure from the examination I have
made he will have the right to patent it as the first
discoverer. At any rate ho is the first man who
promulgated the doctrine in this Senate. The
right to reduce a State to a Teiritory is asserted
here, and that it will be the duty of Congress to
inaugurate a policy which shall reduce States to
I erritories and govern them as Territories, to the
end that the people may have the rights of self-
government and the rights of republican govern-
ment. Iam not quarreling with the Senator about
that. I approve it. 1 congratulated the Senator
then when he introduced it. I stand by it now.
I wish to God he did. But I suggest that this
is an answer to the argument of the'Senator from
Maryland, that this ebullition of feeling and this I
strong denunciation in these resolutions grow
out of the fact that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky has been shocked by the exercise of
arbitrary power on the part of the Government.
Sir, from the time- the honorable Senator came
into this Senate, he has introduced more bills and
more resolutions containing propositions for the
exercise of power in all these directions, Confisca-
tion, emancipation, and the reduction of States,
sovereign, independent States, if you please, to
Territories, than any other member of the Senate;
and it is altogether too late now to talk about him
being shocked at the policy of the Government;
and it is altogether too late to recite such a fact in
defense and as an apology for such an exhibition
as is made in these resolutions.
Mr. President, I say that this is a question of
privilege, and the question is whetherthe Senator
from Kentucky is privileged, according to the
principles of parliamentary law, according to the
course of proceedings in this Senate, to offer to
the Senate of the United States, and to procure
the printing and the entry upon its Journals of
such resolutions as these. I suppose the pro-
vision of the Constitution which confers the im-
munity, if it be conferred at all, is that provision
which declares that no member of either House
of Congress shall be held responsible efsewhere
for words uttered in debate. The first proposi-
tion which naturally rises upon the consideration
of a question of this kind is, are these resolutions
to be regarded as words spoken in debate ? Sure-
ly, sir, there was no question before the Senate
wiicuthe resolutions were offered which they were
calculated to elucidate. It would not be pretend-
ed that there was any occasion outside of the res-
olutions for the introduction of the resolutions.
They bore upon no question before the Senate
when the resolutions were introduced, and they
were not calculated to bear upon any question
which the Senator himself then, or at any time
after, introduced. If there was no question be-
fore the Senate, then there could be no debate be-
fore the Senate.
But I do not put myself in the attitude of saying
that it ie not the privilege of a Senator to intro-
duce resolutions. I understand it to be so; that
he may introduce resolutions. That is one of the
methods by winch the legislation of the country
is conducted, and therefore it is legitimate and
proper at all suitable times for Senators to intro-
duce resolutions, but they must be resolutions;
they must tie legislative resolutions, if I may be
allowed the expression; they must pertain to
legislation; they must raise a question either by
asserting a principle or by proposing a question.
If these resolutions are examined, they will be
found to do neither. They neither declare prin-
ciples of any kind, nor do they propose a question
for the consideration of the Senate. Therefore
my first proposition is that they were not in order,
and that it was not the privilege of the Senator to
introduce them at all. He does not bring himself
within his privilege, because the resolutions are
not of a legislative character. They neither de-
clare principles, nor do they state a proposition
for the action of the Senate.
Gut, sir, I desire to be a little more specific on
this question of privilege of a Senator. Surely it
will not be pretended that it is the right of a Sena-
tor, under the constitutional immunity that he is
not to be held responsible for words spoken in
debate, to say in the Senate whatever he chooses
on any subject? That would be license. That
would not be constitutional privilege. That would
not be in any sense what is understood to be par-
liamentary privilege. That would be license. That
might be indecorum. It might be indignity; it
might be an insult to the body, and very likely it
would be. What is understood by privilege, as
I understand in a parliamentary sense, is that the
Senator is privileged to speak in debate and not
to bo held responsible for it elsewhere, to proceed
according to the principles of parliamentary law.
He is to observe duedecorum m his propositions,
in his language, and m his debate.
I have one or two authorities before me to
which, with the permission of the Chair, I should
like to refer as to the limitations of this privilege
of debate. I read from an English work, May's
Parliamentary Practice, page 111, upon this sub-
ject, the privilege of debate:
"Liberty of speech is granted you, but you must know
what privilege you have; not to speak everyone what he
listeth, or what cometh in his brain to utter; but your priv-
ilege is 'aye' or' no.'"
Further:
" But, although by the ancient custom of Parliament, as
well as by the law, a member may not be questioned out
of Parliament, he is liable to censure and punishment by
the House itself of which he is a member. The cases in
which members have been called to account and punished
for offensive words spoken before the House are too nu-
merous to men lion. Some have been admonished, others
imprisoned, and in the Commons some have even been
expelled."
Again:
"Taking care not to say anything disrespectful to the
House, a member may state whatever he tlunks fit in de-
bate, however offensive it may be to the feelings or injuri-
ous to the character of individuals, and he is protected by
iiis privilege from any action for Ube] as well as from any
other question or molestation."
Within these limitations, I do not question,
nobody questions, that the member is privileged
to say what he pleases, and to discuss with what
freedom he chooses any question wWch is legiti-
mately before the body. I have another work,
an A merican work on parliamentary law, to which
I will also refer. I read from Cushing's Lawand
Practice of Legislative Assemblies, page 259:
{l Misconduct of members toward one another consists
of insulting remarks in debate, personal assaults, threats,
challenges, &c., in reference to which, besides the ordi-
nary remedies at law or otherwise, the apsemb!\ interferes
to protect the member who is injured, insulted, or threat-
ened. Offenses by members toward other persons, of
which the as:>euibly lias cognizance, consist only of inju-
rious and slanderous assertions, either in speech or by writ-
ing, which, as there is no other remedy, the assembly itself,
if it thinks proper, takes cognizance of and punishes."
It is to this doctrine that I desire to call the
especial attention of the Senate, for the question
here relates, not to language spoken of members
of the Senate particularly, but applicable to per-
sons outside of the Senate—strangers, the Presi-
dent of the United States and those in authority;
and the doctrine maintained in the text is that it
is an offense for a member of Parliament or a mem-
bers of the House of Representatives or of the
Senate in his place to utter words or publish by
way of resolution anything of an injurious and
slanderous character, either in speech or by writ-
ing, which, as there is no other remedy, the as-
sembly will take cognizance of itself.
Wow, Mr. President, the question naturally
arises, is there anything in these resolutions of
the character to which I have referred ? Do these
resolutions, in other words, contain injurious and
slanderous assaults against parties outside of the
Senate, either the President of the United States
or other parties ? If any one has the curiosity to
examine these resolutions, he will find that the
first twelve of them are simply descriptive. They
are descriptive of the powers of the Government.
When you come to the thirteenth resolution, you
find the following language:
" 13. Resolved, That at the beginning of the war, under
the panic of the defeatof Bull Run, tbo party in powcrpro-
fessed to cariy it on for the Constitution, and to put down
the lebellion and vindicate the laws and authority of the
United States in the insuigent State*, < nd when that was
ellectcd it was to cease, lint mote than a year ago another
and a paiamount and unconstitutional one, the total sub-
version Of slavery, was inaugurated by thein ; and at length,
to cairy on the war in this augmented and pel verted form,
the annual expenditure, oil the part of the United States,
has swollen to one hundred thousand lives, a much larger
amount of personal disability, and a thousand millions of
money, and yet tile wisest cannot see the end of the war.
Verily, the people North and the people South ought tore-
\olt against their war lcadeis, and take this great matter into
tlleir own burnt.-,, and elect member to a national conven-
tion of all the States, to terminate a war that is enriching
hundreds of thousands of officers, plunderers, and spoils-
men in the loyal States, and threatens tile masses of both
sections with irretrievable bankiuptey and indefinite slaugh-
ter." °
Then inlhe fourteenth resolution the Senator
proceeds:
" That the present Executive Government of the United
States has subverted, for the time, in laigc poitions of the
loyal States, tbo freedom of speech, the fiuedom of the
press, and free suffrage, the constitutions and laws of the
States and of the United States, the civil courts, and trial
by jury."
Now, the question I desire to propound to the
Senateis this: is that true? Will it be pretended
that it has the semblance of truth ? As a histori-
cal fact, I suppose nobody will pretend that it is
true. If it be not true, is it the privilege of the
Senator from Kentucky to rise in his place in the
Senate, under permission of the Chair, to intro-
duce a resolution which is supposed to he a reso-
lution with reference to legislative proceedings, to
put upon the records of the Senate and send out
