2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
lowing words: "That nvery free white male Inhabitant
above the age of twenty-one years, who shall have been
an actunl resident of saiti Territory for thirty days pnor
to the first election and insert in lien thereof, " al! citi-
zens of the United Stares and those who have declared
their intention to become such, and who are otherwise de-
scribed and qualified under the fifth section of the act of
Congress providing for a temporary govemmentfor the Ter-
ritory of Idaho, approved March 3,1863and in line five of
the said section, after the word "said/' insert the word
"first."
That the Senate recede from its second amendment to the
said bill, and that the Senate recede from its third amend-
ment to the said bill.
M. S. WfLKfNSON,
L. M. MORRfLL,
CHARLES K- BUCICALEW,
Managers on the part of (he Seriate*
EDWIN U. WEBSTER,
WlLLfAM IIOLMAN,
Managers on the part of the Howe.
Mr. WEBSTER.. With the consent of the
House I will make a short explanation of the re-
port. It will be noticed by the House that the
report is not signed by all the Mouse committee.
I will state that it is a unanimous report of the
committee; one of the members failed to sign it in
consequence of his absence from the city He
concurred in the report. It will be seen that the
report refers to the fifth section of the act pro-
viding a temporary government for the Territory
of Idaho.
The bill as it now stands, with the report of the
committee of conference, is precisely as it passed
the House, with a single exception.
The committee of conference in its report re-
stricts that in this manner—not in this language,
but this is the meaning of the amendment—that
eery free white male citizen of the United States
and those who have declared their intention to
become such shall vote.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is the word "white" in
the bill ?
Mr. WEBSTER. The word "white" is not
in the bill, but the right of voting in the Territory
of Montana is to be the same as under the fifth
section of the act for the organization of the Ter-
ritory of Idaho.
Mr. HOLMAN. The inquiry was made
whether the word " white" was incorporated in
the bill us a qualification of voters. 1 desire to
suggest that although the word " white" is not
incoi poratcd, yet that as amended by the com-
mittee of conference it is inserted by icference to
the fifth section of the act for the organization of
the Territory of Idaho.
Mr. WEBSTER. I ask the Clerk to read that
fifth section.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. fj. Jiml be xtfmihei enacted, That every free white
male inhabitant above the ago ol twenty-one years, who
shall hav ! been an <tctn.il resident of said Territory .it the
tlmo ot' ih ' parage of tlu< aor, Miall bo entitled to vote at
the fust election, and shall be eligible to any office within
the said Teirifory ; but the qualifications of voteis, and of
holding office, at all subsequent elections, '-hall be such as.
shall be prescribed by the Legislative Assembly."
Mr. STEVENS. Is that the way it will read
under the report of the committee of conference ?
Mr. WEBSTER. The word " white" is not
in the report of the committee.
Mr. STEVENS. It is in the biTl as amended
by the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is in the bill by reference
to the Terntoiy of Idaho.
Mr. WEBSTER. The report of the com-
mittee of conference says that every citizen of
the United States, and every person who shall
declare his intention to become such, who shall
be qualified under the fifth section of the act to
organize the Territory of Idaho, shall be entitled
to vote. That section provides that the voters
shall be white persons. The voters under this
bill must be white citizens of the United States,
or white persons who have declared their inten-
tion to become such. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded,and the
main question ordered.
The question being on the adoption of the re-
port, the House divided, and there were—ayes 79,
noes 21.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yras 102, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS — Messi-s. James (\ Allen, Baily, Beamun,
Blaine, Jacob 13. Blair, Brooks, William G. Blown,
Chanler, Coflioth, Cox, Cravens, Crcswell, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawson, Donnelly, Driggs, Eden, Edgerton, Eld-
ndge, Fainswoitb. Fmck, Glider, Hale, Hall, Harding,
HaVungton, Charles ITT*. Ilarrjs, Heirick, Holman, Hotch-
kiss, A&dhel W. Hubbaid, liutchiiis, Ingersoll, William
Johnson, Kalbfleish, Kas^on, Francis W. Kellogu, Kernan,
King, Law, Lazear, Long, Longyear, Mallory, Marcy,
McAllister. McBride, McDowell, Mclndoc, McKinney,
Samuel F. Miller, James It. Morris,Morrison, Amos Myer*,
Nelson, Noble, Norton, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill,
Ortli, Pendleton, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruyn, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander
II. Ilice, John II. Rice, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Scofield,Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse, Stuait, Sweat,
Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Vooihecs, Elihu
ft. Wa«.hlmrne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Wilson, Window, Fernando Wood, Wood-
bridge, and Yeaman—102.
NAYS—Messts. Alley, Allison, Ames, John D. Baldwin,
Boutwell, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Dixon,
Eliot, Gooch, Gnnnell, Iligby, John H. Hubbard. Julian,
Kelley, Oilundo Kellogg, Loan, Moorhead, Monill, Price,
iidwaid VI. Rollins, Spalding, Stevens, and Wilder—26.
So the report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the House comply
with the request of the Senate, and agree to
another committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Houses on the Army
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Mohiull, Farnsworth, and
Griswold as such conferees on its part.
The House then resumed consideration of pri-
vate bills on the Speaker's table leported from
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
CIIAllLES M. WKTIIEIUXL.
A bill (H. R. No. 34G) for the relief of Dr.
Charles M. Wetherill.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Dr. C. M. Wetherill the sum of $750,
in full for his services as chemist of the Agricul-
tural Department, out of any money in theTreas--
ury not otherwise appropnated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it wasaccord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid npon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA JANE SKAGCS.
A bill (II. R, No. 347) for the relief of Martha
Jane Skaggs.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mattha Jane Skaggs, widow
of Alfred Sykes Skaggs, late a private of com-
pany E, of the twenty-seventh regiment of Ken-
tucky, and who died at Elizabeth town, Kentucky,
on the 27th of January, 18G2, upon the pension
roll from the 27th of January, 1862, to continue
during her widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the hill was passed; and also moved that
the morion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLOMON PARSONS.
A bill (H. R. No. 387) for the relief of Solo-
mon Paisons.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Solomon Parsons, of West Virginia, the
sum of $125, m full payment for twenty-lour hun-
dred pounds of beef fui rushed United States troops
at St. George station, Virginia, by older of Cap-
tain Horace Kellogg, commanding post.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
i a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
; mgly rend the third time, and passed.
! Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote last
i taken; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
; consider on the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
; MARY SIIIIlCLIFI1.
! A bill (H. It. No. 389) for the relief of Mary
[ Shircliff.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary Shircliff, widow of John
Shireliff, on the pension roll, and pay her a pen-
sion, at the rate of eight dollars per month, during
her widowhood, from the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote last
taken; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EMILY A. LYON.
A bill (H. R. No. 390) for the relief of Emily
A. Lyon.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Emily A. Lyon, widow of Al-
fred M. Lyon, late a sutler in the twenty-third
Iowa regiment of infantry,.and who died 111 the
service of his country the 17th of May, 18G3,upon
the pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, from the 17th of May, 1863, to continue
during her widowhood; provided, that proof sat-
isfactory to the Commissioner of Pensions be
made of the material facts of the petition.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the words " of the petition" and
insert the words " above stated."
Mr. HOLMAN. I think theamendmentought
not to be adopted. The bill only requires that
proof shall be made of the facts stated in the pe-
tition.
Mr. CRESWELL. All the necessary facts are
set forth in the bill itself—that she was married,
and that her husband died in the service of the
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that the facts
set forth in the petition should be established.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Indiana that this amendment has been
offered at my suggestion, because the petition is
not within the cognizance of the Commissioner of
Pensions. Under the order issued by General
Grant prior to the commencement of the cam-
paign against Vicksburg, all unnecessary lumber
was to be left behind. The husband of this wo-
man took a musket in his hand and fought in all
those battles until he was killed at the charge fit
Black river, which resulted in the capture of a
large number of prisoners. He died, leaving his
family destitute. Those facts, together with other
unnecessary facts, are stated in the petition on
file with the committee, but which is not before
the Commissioner of Pensions. The bill states
all the necessary facts, and those only,and hence
the proposed amendment, in order that it might
not be necessary to prove unessential facts.
Mr. HOLMAN. The objection the gentleman
raises, that the petition is not before the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, is obviated by the fact that
the petition is a public record. That petition goes
into the record as a part of this case. Upon the
facts set forth in that petition, this lady, nodoubt,
should have a pension, but those facts are not ill
the bill.
Mr. KASSON. "Hie only trouble is that this
petition will have to be withdrawn from the files,
certified,and sent to the Commissioner ofPcnsiuns.
And there may be unnecessary facts set forth in
the petition. This lady is a neighbor of mine,
and I am acquainted with all the facts. Under
the circumstances I think the proviso is entirely
unnecessary.
Mr. HALE. Move to strikeout the proviso.
Mr. KASSON. I am entirely willing that it
should be done, but I do not wish to interfere
with the action of the committee in that respect.
Mr. HALE. I will move to strike out the
proviso.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will not make that motion. The
whole ease rests upon the petition in this case.
Mr. KASSON. I hope no variation from the
general rule will be made in this case. I wish the
Commissioner to ascertain thatthis man was killed
in the service of the United States on the 17th of
May, 18G3,and that this woman was his wife and
is now his widow. Those are the material facts,
lam perfectly willing that the proviso shall stand,
but I hope there will be no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw my motion to stuke
out the proviso.
