1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
336B
solution of the question than gentlemen apprehend.
If it be true that according to the theory of our
Government a President can make a State or re-
duce a State into a territorial dependency, then,
sir, have we misread the teachings of the fathers;
then have the illustrations of our system of Gov-
ernment proved false; then, indeed, shall we be
reduced not to the condition of a Federal Union,
but of an absolute, central, consolidated Govern-
ment. I wish the Senate of the United States to
determine this question now and immediately,
and not take up the bill reported by the honorable
Senator fiom Ohio, because it is utterly impossi-
ble to get through with the discussion of that bill
at least during the present week, The questions
which it raised are so momentous in their conse-
quences that it is impossible for the friends of the
Federal Union to sit here quietly and allow it to
be passed without discussion.
Sir, when peace,heavenly peace, shall return—
for peace dcsccnds ftom heaven; war springs from
hell—when the days of peace shall return, what
is the attitude that the present Executive of the
United States will find himself in ? Suppose that
this bogus government in the State of Arkansas
be recognized; suppose that the President of the
United States attempts by the military arm to
cause the behests of such a government to be
executed, what is the position m which he places
himself? When peace returns and law prevails
and the courts of justice are open, he is liable to
trial for treason for levying war against the Uni-
ted States of America, and because Aikansas is
a constituent member of that Government, liable
to an indictment for treason in making war upon
a sovereign State of this Union by attempting the
establishment of a government unknown to the
constitution of thatStateand unrecognized by the
Constitution of the United States.
1 protest, therefore, m the face of the American
people against a policy destructive not only of our
State but of our Federal system. When you get
possession of the State of Arkansas, if you ever
shall, it will be time enough then to recognize
their representatives in this body. While that
State, through all the fottns of legislation known
to a State, discards yourauthority, although you
and I know that by so discarding it they violate
then- duty to the Federal Government, admit no
representative into this Chamber or into the
House of Representatives coming from them; but
when like ening members of the Fedeial system,
by the voluntary action of their people they come
and recognize your authority, recognize the su-
piemacy of the Federal Constitution and Federal
laws, admit them into participation in your coun-
cils; but until they do so lecogmzc yout authonty,
admit them not here to participate in your do-
bates or in your counsels.
Sir, Aikansas rightfully, constitutionally, le-
gally, by all the honorable ties that can bind a
State to this Union, is in the Union,and no ordi-
nance of secession on their part and no action of
the Federal Congresscan give validity to any as-
sumption on then* pait that theyare not members
of this Union, and by no vote of mine will 1 ever
lecognize the rightof a State to secede; but 1 will
say this: the flag of my country has a light to
wave over every foot of our teiritory, and you
have got no right to discard that relation of the
State to the Fedeial Government; you haw no
right to treat them as outof the Union as you will
do if you admit these Senators from that State.
You have got no right constitutionally to recog-
nize the validity of a ptesideniial pioclamation
which substantially treats them as out of the
Union, and undertakes to i eadmit them as States.
1 knovv theie is a provision of the Federal Con-
stitution that new States may be admitted into this
Union. What does it mean? New States may
be admitted outof territory that was not origin-
ally a State; but how do you reduce an onginal
State into a tenitoual dependency, a terntoriai
condition r No such provision exists, and I charge
upon the majority of tins body, if they do admit
these men, that they recognize the doctrine of
secession, they proclaim by their votes that it is
in the power of a Siate of this-U-mori to dissolve
its connection with out Federal system; and they
go futthet, they assert the power of making a
new Statu out of an existing State, and to make
U by ;i presidential pioclannUion. 1 protest
against such a dociime.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will take occasion to remark that the motion be-
fore the Senate is the motion of the Senator from
Ohio to postpone all prior orders for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of House bill
No. 244; and a motion in regard to the order of
business does not open the merits of either ques-
tion for consideration. The remarks of Senators
should be'confiued to reasons stated as briefly as
may be, according to the rule previously laid
down by the Chair, for proceeding with the one
or the other, not discussing the merits of either
question.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will withdraw his motion and let us get a
vote on the resolution before the Senate. It has
been discussed to the end; there can be no ques-
tion as to the manner in which the Senate will
decide it, and i hope we shall have a vote this
morning on it.
Mr. WADE. If I had any indication that the
question of the ad mission of these Senators would j
not he further debated, I would withdraw my ;
motion. I do not believe it.
Mr. TRUMBULL, and others. Try it.
Mr. WADE. Very well, I withdraw my mo-
tion; but if debate arises I will renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
undeistand the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to be withdiawn ?
Mr. WADE. No; I stand by it. I think on
reflection 1 had better insist on my motion.
Mr. BUCKALEW. Mr. President, by the
Constitution the Senate is made the sole and ex-
clusive judge of the election, returns, and quali-
fication ot ii£ members. An application is made
in regular form, in the usual manner, on behalf
of two gentlemen from the State of Aikansas,
who chum that they have been duly eho.sen mem-
bers of this body by a competent Legislature of
that Slate. This subject was debated in the Sen-
ateupon both sides with much of earnestnessand
at length, it was then refeircd to the law com-
mittee of this body, has been considered by it,
and reported upon at length; and by thatieport
it is shown that this case can be i iglrtfully determ-
ined without going into the general question of
the status of the seceded Stales with leferenee to
the Union.
Now, sir,at this stage of the proceeding, when
a judicial question over which we have constitu-
tional juiisdiction, and over which we alone have
jurisdiction, is made up, when the discussion has
'taken place, when a committee has considered it
and leported upon it, and when every public in-
terest and every consideration of private right in-
volved demand its discussion, what is proposed
by the Senator ftom Ohio, [Mr. Wade?] That
we should abdicate tins judicial function com-
mitted to us by the Constitution, and in connec-
tion with the [louse of Itepi eson tati ves enter
upon our legislative functions, upon the discus-
sion of a general measure involving not the decis-
ion of tins ease at all, involving no determination
of any point connected with this inquiry, but
launching us abioad upon the genera! ocean or
upon the wide public field of debate in which po-
i lineal considei atnms and considerations of ex-
! pediency aie mainly invohed, instead of those
I which le^itnuuU ly pertain to this question.
! Sir, we are sitting, so far as the present point
, is involved, in a judin.il character, and we are to
i decide this case, not upon considerations of ex-
' pediency or of policy, but upon the principles of
1 justice and of legal ri<jbt as applied to these claim-
ants. The lull which H is pioposed to substitute
for this nioaMtie is prospective. It relates to the
: future, it it i stabhsh anything it will establish
• a law, a i u it: foi out fu tare conduct. J t will have
Do application to the question of the rightfulness
' of a past act as to the legulaiity or lawfulness
: of the proceeding it, the Slate of Arkansas by
! which these gentlemen were chosen. That is a
; question upon which the legislative department
! cannot pass by bill ot bvjoint resolution. It per-
tains to the judicial function ot this body with
icfetenec to its members and of the House of
Representatives m a similar capacity with lefer-
ence to application for seals in that body. I say,
thei efoi e, Mr, tlicit as 1 view th lo c>ubji.ct it is our
appiopuate business, nay, u u our duty, a,!d-uty
charged upon us by the Constitution, to proceed
to detel ri.ine this ease now as all the preliminary
t steps necessary to its decision have been taken.
| The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] pro-
poses to postpone this subject until the month of
December next. I shall proceed, in addition to
what I have already said, to state two consider-
ations which stand opposed to that motion. In
the first place, I presume the only practical re-
sult, so far as these claimants are concerned,
would be that the Treasury of the United States
would be obliged to make compensation to them
for a year. If we keep them dancing attendance
upon us, waiting our sovereign pleasure in regard
to their cases, we cannot afterwards very well re-
sist an appeal to compensate them for the time
expended and expenses incurred by them; and I
suppose that is really the only point involved in
the motion to postpone. That motion raises the
question whether we shall charge these gentlemen
on the Treasury of the United States for tins ad-
ditional period, or by determining their case now
conclude that interesting point.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I beg to interrupt the
Senator from Pennsylvania. The idea of remu-
neiating these gentlemen for the time between
now and December never entered my mind, and
I presume has not been entertained by them.
Mr. UUCKALEW. I spoke not of motives;
1 spoke of results; and the result which I have
indicated will probably be the only effect of the
motion of the Senator from Kansas, to keep this
question of membership open until December
nexf. It will then be decided precisely as we
shall decide it now if we proceed to its decision.
But, sir, there is a general consideration which
stands opposed to this dilatory motion, and op-
posed also to the proposition made by the Senator
from Ohio; in short, which stands opposed to all
motions and to any action of the Senate by which
the immediate decisionof this impouantquestion
will be avoided. Sir, do you desire to interject into
the debates of this year throughout the United
Stales another and a most dangerous element? Do
you desire to fix publicattentio n and toarouse pub-
lic passion by an issue of the description which
will be presented by the proposition now before the
Senate? Does itcomport with the public interest
that you should send that issue down to the peo-
ple to agitate and to disturb them when theyare
engiossed with other questions legitimate and
proper for their decision, and when this is really
your business and your question upon which the
Constitution commits power exclusively to you,
an-d which it demands that you should decide? It
sccius to me that this consideration controls the
case, and should rule the action which is taken
upon it by the Senate.
We know, sir, that this is fi most dangerous
question in certain possible aspects of the future,
i hope, foi one, that the Senate by proceeding to
decide it now will relieve the debates of the pres-
ent year fiom this question. There is no diffi-
culty in deciding jt now. t do not doubt what
the Senate will do if they proceed to its decision
at this time. Hut leave it open, allow the pas-
sions of the country to take hold of it, and allow
the party interests of the country to become con-
nected with its decision at some future time, and
no man can foresee the consequences, no man is
entitled to pronounce with certainty and assurance
of mind that a contested presidential election will
not be the source of civil war and convulsion in
this coun ti y, as it has been m every other republic
which has been established in the New World.
I have been in the South American republics; 1
have contemplated their career; and of all the
questions which can divide a population in a re-
public, which can lay the foundation of civil war
and convulsion and debauch the whole political
society permanently,a disputed piesidential elec-
tion is chief and foremost. Sir, the slightest pos-
sibility of such a condition of tilings m this coun-
try should cause Senators to decide at the eai liest
moment the question outof which such difficulties
may arise, to decline any permission to any party
or interest to raise such an issue before this peo-
ple.
Mr. WADE. From theaigumentof the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, I am a little at a loss to
know whether he is in favor of taking up my
mect-.uie oi the other. He says these questions
aie exceedingly dangerous, some of them. Now,
sir, w hat is the question ? Here m a bill that has
been pending longer than almost any bill before
the body. It was passed very early in the House
of Representatives; it has been a long time before
us here. The otherquestion has been a long time
