1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the country that which is known to this body
and to the country to be false and scandalous, and
which if it was uttered upon the streets, uttered
by any person who would not shield himself by
his privilege, would be held to be libelous, and he
might be punished accordingly? Does it not be-
come the duty of the Senate, as it respects its dig-
nity, and as it desires the respect of the country,
to say that it is not a privilege which a Senator
shall feel himself at liberty to exercise, to assail
the reputation and character of persons who are
strangers to this body, and who can have no
remedy against such assaults? Further on the
resolution proceeds:
" It has ordered ad libitum arbitrary arrests by military
officers, not only without warrant, but without any charge
or imputation of ciinie or offense, and has hurried the per-
sons so at rested fiom home and vicinagc to distant piisons,
and kept them incarcerated there for an indefinite time;
some of whom it discharged without trial and in utter igno-
rance ol the cause of their arrest and imprisonment, and
others it caused to bo brought before courts created by itself,
and to be tuedVnd punished without law; in violation of the
constitutional guarantee to the citizen of his right to keep
and bear arms and of his rights of property, it has forcibly
deprived as well the loyal as the disloyal of both ; it has
u«ui pod the power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus, and
to proclaim martial law, and establish military tribunals 111
States and parts of States where there was no obstruction
to the due adniiui^tiation of the of the (huted estates
and the States by the civil courts and authorities ; and or-
dered many citizens, who were not connected with the
Army or Navy, to be dragged before its drum-head courts
and to be tried" by them for new and strange offenses, de-
clared by itself, and by undefined and indefinable law, being
but the arbitrary will of the court."
Either that declaration is true or it is false. If
it is true, it is the gravest offense that any set of
men in this country or elsewhere were ever guilty
of. If it is false, is it the privilege of a Senator
to stand on this floor, and invoking his privilege
and sheltering himself behind his privilege, to
utter so grave an accusation against those who
are outside of the Senate and who have no pro-
tection against it? Is it not the duty of the Sen-
ate as it regards its own dignity, and as it would
claim the respect and confidence of the American
people, to say that such is not the privilege of a
Senator of the United States?
And so, Mr. President, to the end of these res-
olutions, being eighteen in all, the remark I make
is that they abound with historical statements
which are incorrect, recitals of events which are
imaginary, fictitious, or wholly false; and the
appeal which I make to the Senate is, and the
proposition which I submit to the Senate is,
whether in any fair sense that can be said to be
the privilege of an American Senator.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, in all the stages
of the history of the Senate, they have been ex-
ceedingly careful and jealous of the freedom of
debate. While the House of Representatives have
had various rules and various expedients by which
debate may be limited and restrained, the Senate
without exception from first to last have resisted
the whole of them. We have had attempts to in-
troduce the previous question, to introduce a rule
by which at a certain time and under certain lim-
itations debate might be terminated, but the Sen-
ate of the United States, with smgularconsistency
from first to last, have said that the discretion of
every member in this matter should be his rule,
and his only rule. I confess that there have been
times in my experience in the business of this
body when I have wished and thought that it
should be otherwise; but such has not been the
temper of the Senate; and while other bodies, and
even the House of Representatives, have seen fit
at times, and at the present time, to limit, and to
limit very considerably, the freedom of debate, it
has been attempted here, when it has been at-
tempted, in vain. Andthe Senate have said that
on any question any member may talk when he
pleases, how he pleases, and aslong as he pleases*,
and such has been the temper of the Senate and is
at the present day.
And, Mr. President,! am not sure, notwithstand-
ing all the inconvenience that sometimes may have
been experienced, that the Senate have not been
wise in this peculiarity of theirs; that in this tri-
bunal, in this high courtof the nation, where such
interests are at stake as are here discussed by the
representatives of sovereign States, the discretion
and the judgment ofthose whom the States send
here to represent them should not be thelimitand
the sole limit regulating the mode and manner and
the length to which the right of free discussion
shall be carried. Sir, I look upon this attempt,
in flie present instance, as an indirect attempt to
do that which the Senate have directly refused
to do.
I need not say here that I have no sympathy
with the resolutions of the Senator from Kentucky;
nor do I think that the question whether we have
or have not any sympathy with the resolutions
of that Senator has anything at all to do with the
question that is now before the Senate. The ques-
tion I understand now to be the amendment pro-
posed by the honorable Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Howard] to the resolution proposed by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson.] 1 think, with all deference to gentle-
men around me, that the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Michigan would be more mischievous
in its character, more mischievous in the results
which it would work out, than the original prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts; and
for this reason: it requires a two-thirds majority
of the Senate to expel a member. I believe in the
history of the legislation of this country there
never has been a case where a vote of censure has
been passed upon any member of either House,
where the member has not felt compelled, by the
moral weight of that vote, to resign his place in
the body which censured him. I believe that is
without exception. Of course, I have not exam-
ined the Journal for the purpose of ascertaining
that fact, though I do remember some instances
where it has been done. If, then, a majority of
the Senate may ccnsure a man for the expression
of his opinions, and thus indirectly work his ex-
pulsion, it seems to me that it would be the most
fatal stab at that freedom of debate which is ne-
cessary for a wholesomeexercise of the functions
of a Senator that could possibly be given. Sir,
let me tell you where it would go. Once estab-
lish the precedent that for the utterance of any
sentiments, I care not how obnoxious they may
be, a majority of the Senate may censure a mem-
ber, and what will be the result? It may be a fla-
grant case^o'day; it may be a case flagrant as has
bden represented by any of those who have com-
mented upon the Senator from Kentucky; in a
little while (the ferocity of party spirit will not
have been tamed in the meanwhile) somebody else
may utter sentiments not quite so exceptionable,
not quite so glaring, but stii! offensive to a major-
ity, and the result will be that in a short time your
boasted freedom of debate will amount simply to
this: that no man on this floor will dare utter sen-
timents obnoxious to a majority of the body with-
out entertaining the fear that for the utterance of
those sentiments he may be expelled from the
body. That will be the inevitable history of it.
Now, Mr. President, for myself I confess that
I feel peculiarly sensitive on this subject. I came
into this body some sixteen years ago or more,
without the sympathy of a single member on this
floor; and I hardly ever met a responsive glance
from the galleries. I stood here with nobody in
the Senate or out of the Senate to sympathize with
me; and if this doctrine had prevailed that for the
utterance of sentiments obnoxious to the ma jority
of the body a man might be censured, I should
have been censured the first month that I was upon
this floor. Sir, I have denounced the action of
this Government, of the Senate, and of the House
of Representatives, and of the President, as being
such as was eminently calculated to provoke the
scorn of earth and the judgment of Heaven. I
have said that, and I have said a great deal more
than that, and under like circumstances I would
say it again. But, sir, I will do the credit to the
party that then ruled the Senate to say that the
idea that for the utterance of those sentiments I
was subjecting myself to expulsion or to censure
never entered into my head or my hcait.
In a few years there were others who came here
who occupied the same position that I did. We
were under the ban and the opprobrium and the
reproach of both the political parties that were
contending for the majority here and in the coun-
try. My honorable friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] came. Who more obnoxious than
he? Nobody, unless it might have been myself;
and that not because I was a worse, but an older
sinner than he was. Notwithstanding thai., we
were joined sooi^ after by one ur two others; the
honorable Secretary of the Treasury first, and
then the honorable Secretary of State, who came on
this floor " almost persuaded to be a Christian,"
[laughter,] bccausc he was ready to go with usin
every measure of opposition to the slave power
and to its encroachments, when it did not con-
flict with the policy of the Whig party. [Re-
newed laughter.] I had no such qualification,
and my honorable friend from Massachusetts had
none such. We stood up alone here, ami we battled
as we might for that freedom of debate which is
the birthrightof an American Senator, and which
the great orator of New England, on a memo-
rable case d uring the last war with England, whet)
he thought he saw in the then dominant party a
disposition to check the freedom of debate, said
was a home-bred right and a fire-side privilege;
living he would defend it; and by the blessing of
God, if he could leave no other inheritance to his
children, he would leave them the inheritance of
free principles, and of a manly, independent, and
constitutional defense of them.
For the mode and the manner in which a man
may advocate and defend the principles which he
believes it to be his duty to advocate and defend,
he should be responsible to no power but the
Power that gives him the faculty of speech. When
L say that, i do not mean that he may wantonly
trespass upon the rules of the Senate; I do not be-
lieve that he may wantonly insult the feelings of
any one; but I will say this—I do not know who
said it before me; probably those that are better
read than I am know who—you must forgive
somethingto the spirit of liberty. You must not
be too censorious, too much inclined to find fatilt,
too much inclined to visit your censures and your
denunciations upon those who differ from you.
Senators, I know what the value of this right
is. I have felt in my own bitter and my personal
experience on this floor something of tne value of
that privilege which a man exercises when he
standsuptoutterobnoxious sentiments and looks
around in vain for a sympathizing countenance,
and has no hope or confidence that any but God
and his own conscience will sustain him. Know-
ing that, sir, I confess, for one, while I sympa-
thize with the patriotic and fervent impulses of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts that
prompted him to offer the resolution; and while I
could but admire the eloquent, able, and search-
ing analysis which the honorable Senator from
Michigan gave to these resolutions when he in-
voked the judgment of the Senate for the censure
which he proposes; and while I yield my earnest
admiration to the fervid eloquence of the honor-
able Senator from Maine, yet after all I confess
that they fail to convince myjudgment that this
Senate has any right—ay, sir, i use the word
" right"—to utter an expression of censure upon
the Senator from Kentucky for what he has done.
As 1 said at the beginning, the question whether
we agree with him, whether in our judgment his
resolutions are true or false, whether they tend to
sedition, or what not, is not for us to say. Itwas
a declaration of the great apostle of American De-
mocracy that error might be safely tolerated while
truth was left free to combat it; and, sir, in my
humble judgment, the truth,and the simple truth,
wielded by the able rq^n who sit around me, is
tlie appropriate and legitimate and the senatorial
manner and the senatorial weapon with which
the errors of the Senator from Kentucky, if errors
he has committed, are to bo met.
Mr. President,! have said thus much, and I do
not mean to say more, because I lu>ve felt from
the beginning of my entrance on this floor that
the freedom of debate in the Senate should be
maintained at all hazards and under all circum-
stances; and no matter if, with the fastidiousness
of a lawyer, we may pointouteverything that has
been pointed out in the resolutions of the Senator
fiom Kentucky, I ask you at last, what are you
going to censure him for? Not because he has
uttered sentiments that tend to revolution and that
tend to sedition, but because in your judgment he
has done it. In his own Judgment he has not done
it. Now, sir, it is the first time 1 ever heard that
anybody in a publicassembly having made state-
ments upon which a construction was put, was
not at liberty to disclaim the attempt to put a
meaning upon his words which he disavowed.
We had an instance of it but two days ago. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sum-
ner] in some remarks which he made was sup-
posed to reflect upon the honorable Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] and some remarks were
made which he considered severe and unjust. But
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, with
