1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
wm
The amendment offered by Mr. Creswell was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which-the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william burns.
A bill (H. R. No. 391) for the relief of William
Burns.
The bill directs the name of William Burns, of
Richland county, Ohio, first lieutenant in Captain
Flannegan's company of Pennsylvania volun-
teers in the war of 1812, to be placed on the roll
of invalid pensioners, at four dollars per month,
during his natural life, commencingon the 1st of
January,1860.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time;and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
edwaud williams.
A bill (II. R. No. 392) for the relief of Edward
Williams.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Edward Williams, of , in
the county of , New Jersey, upon the list of
three-fourths-pay pensioners at the rate of $11 25
per month, to commence from the 1st of January,
1861, and to continue during his natural life.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
peter anderson.
A bill (H. R. No. 419) for the relief of Peter
Anderson.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Peter Anderson the
sum of $1,128, being in full for back "pension, at
the rate of six dollars per month, from the day he
received his wounds to the day his pension com-
menced, under award of the Commissioner of
Pensions, that is to say, from November 7,1847,
to July 13, 1863.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBECCA SCOTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 436) granting a pension to
Rebecca Scott, widow of Major John B. Scott,
late of the United States Army.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Rebecca Scott,
of Maryland, widow of the late Major John 13.
Scott, of the United States Army, on the pension
roll, at the rate of twenty-five dollars per month,
and to pay her a pension at that rate from the 22d
of November, 1860, during her widowhood.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third, time; and being engrossed,.it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY SCALES ACOARDI.
A bill (H. R. No. 394) for the relief of Mary
Scales Accardi.
The bill directs the name of Mary Scales Ac-
cardi to be placed on the roll of invalid pensioners
at the rate of six dollars per month, commencing
at the date of her husband's death.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john c. m'connell.
A bill (H- R. No. 461) for the relief of John
C. McConnell.
The bill appropriates $2,000 in full for money
advanced by John C. McConnell for raising troops
in the State of Maryland.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was according-
ly read the third time.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would like to make some
inquiries about this bill. I believe it comes froRj
the Committee of Claims, and probably the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hale] will ex-
plain the basis upon which this appropriation is
sought to be made. 1 believe it is a claim for
the arming of the first, second, and third Mary-
land regiments.
Mr. HALE. It appears from the facts which
were before the committee that Colonel McCon-
nell has raised a large number of troops and has
paid a large sum of money out of his own pocket
for the subsistence of those troops, for which he
never received any compensation. The committee
} believed that the Government of the United States
ought justly to compensate him for his expenses.
He claimsamuch larger sum than this, but this is
the amount which we thought we ought to allow
him. It is a very long story and it is not worth while
to repeat it now. The committee were satisfied
of the justice of the claim, and that he really ex-
pended the money in raising troops. I demand
the previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the biil was passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
margaret l. stevens.
A bill (H. R. No. 195) for the relief of Mar-
garet L. Stevens, widow of General Isaac I. Ste-
vens. The bill provides that theproperaccountin°;
officers of the Treasury Department be directed
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Margaret L. Stevens,
widow of Isaac I. Stevens, late Governor and
superintendent of Indian affairs for the Territory
of Washington, such sum per annum for the time
he served as superintendentas was allowed by law
to the superintendent of Indian affairs for the Ter-
ritory of Oregon by the act of Congress approved
June 5, 1850; provided the sum shall not exceed
the sum of$4,000.
Mr. HALE. I move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish the
gentleman from Pennsylvania would withdraw
the previous question, in order to have the re-
port in this case read.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw for that purpose.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire also that the letters
from the Secretary of the Interior and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs be read.
The report was read, as follows:
"The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial oi Maigaret L. Stevens, widow of General
Isaac I. Stevens, make the loilowing icport:
"That said Kaac X. Stevens was on the 9th of May,
1853, appointed Governoi of Washington Territory, and**
ofjicio feupcrinrendent or' Indian afiUirs, in which capacity
he served until the 3ist day of May, A. D. 1857; that dar-
ing that time, under instructions of the proper officers of
the Government, he negotiated many important treaties
with various Indian tribes; that, by, the treaty with Jbe
Flatheads gnd other Indian'^,tiro Government Obtained a
title to.14,720,000 acres? of-land, and by the-treatf with the
Nez Perce? 15,400,000 acres were acquired; treat by the
treaties with the Qutnaieitand QuUIehate Maka|i, Dwapi-
ish, Walla-Walla, Nisqually, and other (iuiia &«immense
quantities of land were acquired by the Government; and
that in 3855 ho was paity to making the treaty with, ilte
Ulackfeet and other Indiana east of the Rocky mountains;
His labors weie-varied, extensive, important, dl(6cu!t,aud
dangerous, and were always performed with ability utid
fidelity to the Government. He received as Governor a
salary of $1,500 per annum, and as superintendent of- In- ■
dian affairs a salary of $] ,500. By the act of Congress ap^
proved June5,1850, the superintendent of Indian affairs for
the Territory "of Oregon received a salary of $2,5Qfr per an-
num. Your committee believe that the duties performed
by General Stevens were far more arduous and important
than those performed by the superintendent of Indian affairs
in Oregon, and as much of General Stevens's labor was,
under instructions of the Government, performed outside
of the limits of his superintendency,your committee are of
opinion that he is justly entitled to receive the additional
sum of $1,000 per annum for said services.
" General Stevens was killed at the battle of Chantilly,
on the 1st day of September, 1862, at the head of the divis-
ion which he was commanding, and while in the act of
beanngthe colors and successfully rallying ,the regiment
in advance.
" Your committee, therefoie, report a bill for the relief of
the petitioner,and respectfully askits passage by theHouse."
Mr. UPSON. I would inquire of the gentle-
man who reported this bill whether—General Ste-
vens having been paid his regular salary as In-
dian agent and as Governor of the Territory—
this bill would not establish a precedentfor every
Governor of a Territory making a similar claim ?
Mr. WINDOM. That precedent has been al-
ready established, and this bill only follows a pre-
cedent established in Oregon Territory. I wish
to have the other papers read.
Mr. UPSON. If 1 am rightly informed the
widow of General Stevens is already receiving a
pension of ijfty dollars per month, being twenty
dollars more than the regular rate allowed by the
pension law. I am not aware that General Ste-
vens himself ever in his lifetime claimed com-
pensation for these services, or deemed himself
entitled to it.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not lenow what pension
Mrs. Stevens is receiving. But with regard to the
other point, that General Stevens never made this
claim dnringhis lifetime, I have to say that among
his papers was found a bill prepared for this very-
purpose. It is well known that General Stevens
devoted far more attention to the public business
than he did to his private business. I am satis-
fied that this bill should pass. It is strongly urged
by the Secretary of the Interior and by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and some gentlemen
were willing the other day to vote a large amount
of money on their recommendation.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Itis a very
ungracious thing at all times, J^Ir. Speaker, to
oppose these private bills; and it is by me con-
sidered particularly so in this case. I knew Gov-
ernor Stevens well, and served with him many
years in this House. He was an accomplished
gentleman and a brave officer. He was Governor
of Washington Tertitory and ex officio superin-
tendentofIndian affairs. Hedischaigcd hisduties,
I believe, faithfully and well; but did no more
than his duty. He received his salary and went
out of office. He has since died nobly on the field
of Chantilly. But I do not see on what possible
ground this additional salary can be given* I do
not see what good reason there can be in this case
for voting to the widow of General (Stevens, whom .
I know to bean excellent lady mall the relations
of life, this additional salary.
Mr. NELSON. As a member of the commit-
tee, the same question suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois occurred to my mind—that General
Stevens teceived his salary; and I desired to know
why this additional salary should be voted. The
answer seemed to me to be perfectly conclusive—
that this was outside and beyond his duty as Gov-
ernor of the Territory. He had performed the
duties of Indian agent, and made various treaties
by which the Government had been gieatly bene-
fited. And I found that it had been the practice
of the Government, by bill, to pay additional com-
pensation where a man merited it. All the facts
are embodied in the report. The papers from the
Department will satisfy my friend from Illinois,
if he looks into them, that these duties, being out-
side his strict duties as Governor, entitle him to
a greater compensation than $l,50(j. I asked the
same question which has been asked here, wliy
General Stevens did not make this claim in his life-
