2388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
time, and it was established conclusively that he
had prepared a bill against the Government for
these services. It was found in his own hand-
writing among his papers when he died.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am not
entirely clear that the Government ought to pay
an additional amount for the services of Gov-
ernor Stevens for his services as superintendent
of Indian affairs. It was his duty ex officio to ne-
gotiate these treaties. That was for what this
office was established, and he therefore only
did his duty. If he had been entitled to anything
more under the law, he would have presented his
claim to the Indian department, ana would have
been paid. But it seems there was no demand
made upon the Government.
The gentleman says there was a bill found
among the papers of Governor Stevens, in his
handwriting, which was to have been presented
to Congress, but which it seems was not pre-
sented to Congress. That of itself negatives the
idea that h.e would have been entitled to any pay
without the passage of an act of Congress.
Now, sir, I should be as willing as any man
here to vote anything I could properly for the
widow of General Stevens, but it is for us to be
just before we are generous, and I am told by the
gentleman from Michigan that we have very prop-
erly placed Mrs. Stevens on the roll of pension-
ers at fifty dollars a month. I have now the act
before me granting that pension, approved March
3, 1863, entitling her to a pension of fifty dollars
a month, which she is receiving at this time, it
being twenty dollarsa month beyond the amount
to which she would have been entitled under the
general law.
Mr. McBRIDE. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that these extra services were to a great ex-
tent performed outsideof Washington Territory.
Governor Stevens spent at one time almost a
whole year in the Rocky mountains outside of
Washington Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. He was at
this time, however, Governor and superintendent
of Indian affairs for Washington Territory, was
he not?
Mr. McBRIDE. He was.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
Government was entitled to his whole services.
Mr. McBRIDE. 1 will say that Congress has
already established a precedent for this bill by a
law passed two years ago paying Anson Dart for
precisely similar services.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know all
about that claim, and there is no private claim I
ever voted for which I more regret. It was an
utterly bogus claim. I think, Mr. Speaker, wo
have no right i  a case of this kind to set a prece-
dent on which every man who was ever superin-
tendent of Indian affairs may come here and put
in his claim for additional salary.
These, sir, are the facts. 1 have the gr'eatest
respect for the memory of Geneial Stevens, and
I have the greatest regard for his estimable lady,
but I do not believe wo have any right in these
times to vote back salaries of this description. It
is impossible to tell what it may lead to. My
friend from Minnesota, who comes here as a Rep-
resentative from his district, does eicdit and is
doing tery great service to liis constituents, and
why may they not as well come hereand demand
- additional compensation for him?
In regard to this case of Dart, if it was a case
which should bo considered a precedent for any-
thing, it is not precisely similar to this.# Theie
were other considerations for which that addi-
tional compensation was paid. The act states
that it was also to indemnify him for expenses
incuired for an extra assistant clerk and for the
board of an Indian interpreter employed by him.
The act provided foragreatdeal more than merely
for additional salary.
Mr. McBRIDE. There is one thing in con-
nection with this case which I desire to state.
General Stevens had always been in the service
of the Government. He was a graduate of West
Point, and from the time he graduated until his
death his entire time was spent in the service of
the Government, I believe, with the exception of
two or three months before he was elected to
Congress in lsGI. He gave no time to his pri-
vate "affairs, find in fact has left his family almost
entirely destitute, as I believe -is generally the
case with that class of men.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to say in relation to
the case of Anson Dart, which the gentleman
from Illinois says does not furnish a precedent,
that the act distinctly provides a salary of §4,000
^ year for his services. The other provisions for
indemnifying him, &c., have nothing to do with
that. 1 say, therefore, that it is a precisely par-
allel case, and that if Anson Dart was entitled to
$4,000 a year salary, Governor Stevens was enti-
tled to the same amount.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to call attention to this
joint resolution for the relief of Anson Dart. The
amount appropriated is §4,000 a year, but how
much of that sum is intended to indemnify him
for services of assistant clerk six months and for
board of Indian interpreter employed by him dur-
ing the time he was acting as superintendent is
not stated.
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot, nor do I think it
is necessary under any fair interpretation of the
joint resolution. In the first place, the joint res-
olution appropriated to Anson Dart $4,000 per
annum; and then it further provides that the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury shall settle with
him on principles of justice and equity for ex-
penses incurred, &c. The latter, it will be seen,
is distinct from the former proposition. He gets
$4,000 per annum, and also the settlement of his
claim for expenses.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from Min-
nesota, as he i3 chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ought to understand the An-
son Dart case, whether anything was paid in ad-
dition to the $4,000 per annum? Was not that
$4,000 per annum considered as all that was due
to Dart?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not know the facts of
the Dart case. I do not think it could be so con-
sidered under any fair construction of the joint
resolution.
The bill before the House provides that Mrs.
Stevens shall have the same sum that was paid
to Anson Dart. I do not know whether that is
a proper case or not. I have only alluded to it
for the purpose of showing that we are not estab-
lishing a new precedent in this case. The ser-
vices performed by the late Governor Stevens were
performed outsideof his Indian supenntendency.
The salary that lie received was small; and for
these services that he was ordered to discharge by
the proper officers it is only just and fair that he
should have compensation.
Our opinion was not only founded upon the
statements of the memorial, but we had also the
statements in favor of the claim by the proper
officers of the Government. 11 was recommended
by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and by
the Secretary of the Interior.
Now, I do not see, because the Government has
been liberal to the widow of General Stevens for
his gallantry during this war, by giving her a
pension, that wo should deny this just claim for
his past services.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I want to know
what kind of precedent we are establishing in this
case. At an early day of the session I had occa-
sion to piescntthe petition of Mrs. General Sum-
ner for compensation for the services of her
husband, who for a time acted as Governor of
California. The committee of this House not
only denied thatclaim, but did not propose to pay
her a pension of $600 per annum, if this bill
passes, I shall make a similar proposition in the
case of Airs. General Sunnier.
Mr. HALE. This case is sufficiently under-
stood by the House. The bill was reported
unanimously by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and is recommended by the proper officers. I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was oidered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly rei'd the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aftinnative—yeas 73, nays 37; as follows:
Y1'",A^—ATe=-iT James C. Allen, Alley, Bailv, Jacob B.
Blan, Hi oaks. J.uie^ S. IJhhvii, Clmnler, L'otiioth, II. i'.v-
son, Dixon, Donnelly, Uden, IMgertou, Ekiiidge, Eliot,
Fiiiek, Garfield, Goocb, Gii^wohl, Hale. Hall, Charles M.
IlauiH, lleiuck, i-liehv, Jenckes, f'luilp Johnson, William
Johnson, Julian, Kalbtlciseh, Kusson, Kenian, Knapp,
Law, Lazear, Long,Marcy,MeBriile, McClurg, Melndoe,
Moorliead, Amos Myers, Lronaid Myers, Nelcon, Noble,
Ohailes O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pennioton, Perham, Perry,
l'nee, I'ruyn, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John fl. Rice, Ross, Scott, Smith,
Smithers, William G. Steele. Stiles, Strouse, Sweat,
Thayer, Thomas, Webster, Whnley, Wheeler, Joseph A.
White, Wilder, Windom, Fernando Wood, and Wood-
bridge—73. *
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, John D. Baldwin, Dcuman,
Boatwell, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clai ke, Cole, Ores-
well, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Driggs, Eckley, Fains-
wortll, tirnmell, Holman, Hotcllkiss, John II. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, King,
Longyear, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Orth, Pom-
eroy,Radford, Seotield, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Upson,
Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B.VVashburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilson, and Yeurnari—37,
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN TRIBES IN NEW MEXICO.
A bill (H. R. No. 108) authorizing the making
of treaties with the Navajo, Apache, and Utah
Indian tribes, in New Mexico, defining their lim-
its, and extinguishing their title to lands outside
of said limits, reported back from the Committee
of the Whole with a recommendation that it be
referied to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill was so referred.
CHARLES M. POTT.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask unan-
imous consent to report from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions a bill for the relief of Charles
M. Pott, in order that it may be acted on now.
I will say that this is one of the first bills referred
to that committee, but which the committee has
failed to report at an earlier day, for the reason
that they waited for the testimony by which this
claim is made good. I trust the House will dis-
pose of it now.
No objection being made,
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, reported from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill for the
relief of Charles M. Pott; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Chailes M. Pott, late of
company K,one hundred and seventy-ninth Penn-
sylvania militia, on the pension roll at the rate of
eight dollars a month from the date of discharge,
March 7, 1863, for total disability sustained by
loss of an arm by accident while m the hospital
detained for his pay after his discharge had been
ordered. „
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the vote last taken; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the call of committees for reports of a private
nature.  
JOSIAXI 0. AKHES.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair. Some three or four weeks ago,
perhaps longer, a bill was reported from the Com-
mittee of tho Whole to the House for the relief
of Josiah O. Amies. I would inquire whether
that bill does not come up in its legular order
this morning ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman probably
was not m the House when the Chair stated that
this bill could be called up at any time on Fnday
by any gentleman who desired, for action by the
House. It was called up at one time, and was
laid over on the objection of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] that it would be taking
precedence of other bills. It was laid over with
the right to call it up at any time on private bill
day.
Mr. HALE. I call it up now.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Josiah O. Armes, out of any money in
the Treasury ni?t otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $9,500, in full for damages sustained by linn
m consequence of the burning of his buildings
and the destruction of his property, at Anandale,
Fairfax county, Virginia, by the United States
troops.
