366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
the frankness which belongs to him, immediately
rose and distinctly disavowed the offensive inter-
pretation which was attempted to be put upon his
remarks, and it was received by the Senator from
Vermont, and, J believe, by the Senator from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Doolittle,] who commented upon
them, and by everybody, as the undoubted right
which belonged to the Senator from Massachusetts
to disavow the construction that was attempted to
be put upon his language. There is where the- Sen-
ator from Kentucky stands; but'I am free to confess,
and I make no secret of it, that whether he dis-
avowed the intention or not, he should have no
vote of censure of mine; I would let the error that
he pronounced go free, and run over the land, and
make ali that it could make, if truth could not
overtake it.
Mr. President, I have gone further than I have
already stated. In 1850, when the Congress of
the United States passed an act commonly called
the fugitive slave law, I denounced it in as strong
language as I knew how to use. I put it in con-
trast with what 1 believed was the higher law of
G-od, and I counseled and advised and encour-
aged everybody whom I addressed that when the
Congress of the United States, with ali the so-
lemnities of legislation, passed an act which was
at war with their convictions of what the higher
law of God taught, even if it had the sanction of
the Supreme Court of the United States, to dis-
regard them both, to trample Congress and the
court under foot, to sec to it that they maintained
their own integrity, their own self-respect, and
their own manhood.
I think, sir, it would be the most dangerous
precedent that is to be found in the legislative his-
tory of our country, if the Senate of the United,
States, for words spoken or written, however ob-
noxious they may be, should exercise this high
prerogative of expelling or censuring the man who
uttered or wrote them. It would be a confession
of weakness before the country and the world that
we should not make. Evil-disposed men would
seize upon it, and they would say: " There was
th«t Senator from Kentucky; he intioduccd reso-
lutions which you could not answer; he intro-
duced resolutions arraigning you and your Presi-
dent, and there was not a man of you that could
answer them, and so you held your peace and
voted him out of the Senate." 1 would not give
the enemies of our country and of our cause such
a triumph as that, but I would meet the proposi-
tions of the Senator from Kentucky as i would
meet every other, and if I could not show that
they were erroneous I would submit that he might
make all lie could by them.
Mr, POWELL. I shall ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a very short time. I nm very mu<*h
indisposed this morning, and shall not undertake
to detain the Senate long.
Mr. President, I have regarded free speech as
of the very essence of republican liberty*, and it
strikes me that the proceeding which has been
instituted against my colleague is calculated, if not
intended, to stuke down free speech. ! have been
very much gratified at the general tone and tenoi
of the rcnmi ks of the Senator fioni New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale.] I do not think, I never have
thought, and 1 never will think that any member
of the? body subjects himself either to expulsion
or to censure because lie opposes measures or ad-
vocates policies thatarc diiFerentfrom those of the
majority. And when this thing is sifted to the
bottom, there is no reason why my colleague
should receive at the hands of this body either
expulsion or censure for the resolutions that lie
has introduced, unless it be held by the majority
that it is reasonable, right, and pioper to expel
or censure everyone who dares to maintain prin-
ciples and enunciate facts that are unpalatable to
the majority of the Senate.
Now, sir, no possible evil can result to the Re-
public if the positions of my colleague are wrong
while the principle announced by the great apos-
tle of civil and constitutional liberty finds an abi-
ding place here.
Mr. Jefferson declared that we had nothing to
fear from error while tiuth was left fj.ee to combat
it. Sir, if the resolutions proposed by my col-
league are wrong in principle, if they are errone-
ous in fact, why cannot the learned Senators on
the other side meet them and show by stern logic
the fallacy of the principles asserted, and by an
array of facts any want of truth in the statements
made? That is the only legitimate and the only
proper mode to meet such resolutions as these
by the party that oppose them. They cannot
be fairly and legitimately met in any other way.
Inaugurate this principle of expelling a member
from this Senate because he announces principles
that are unpalatable to the majority, or even visit
upon him censure because he does not think con-
currently with the majority,and what will be the
result? It will be that only the boldest and most
fearless of those in the minority will give free
expression to the opinions they entertain. The
timid would always shrink from such a discharge
of their public duties forfearof expulsion or cen-
sure from the dominant party. Inaugurate that,
and you have stricken down free speech, which
I have before said is of the very cssence of repub-
lican liberty. There can be no free Government
unless you have freedom of speech. You must
not only have freedom of speech, but you must
have a Tree press, and you must have free suf-
frage. Without them the liberties of the people
will be inevitably overthrown and destroyed.
Mr. President, I have listened very attentively
to the arguments of the various Senators pro and
con. upon this subject, and I must confess that the
arguments of the Senators who are in favor of the
resolution introduced by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] have not convinced me
that tHey were rightorthat I was wrong m think-
ing that his resolution should not be adopted. The
Senator from Maine, who addressed the Senate
this morning, declared that the resolutions of the
Senator from Kentucky are very comprehensive
and sweeping against the Administration, and ex-
hibit manifest hostility to the Government. So
far as the first remark of the Senator is concerned,
that they are comprehensive and sweeping against
the Administration, I admit that that part of his
statement is true; but that these resolutions ex-
hibit any hostility to the Government, I utterly
deny. That the resolutions are a sharp arraign-
ment of the Administration, and set forth great
political principles which my colleague believes
to be correct, principles that underlie the founda-
tions of this Government, and which principles
have been overthrown or violated by the action
of the President, is true. That the arraignment*
of the Admimstiation for what my colleague con-
ceives to be maladministration is extensive, com-
piehensive, sharp, and pointed, there can be no de-
nial. But is thereany evidence in the resolutions that
the author of them is opposed to his Government?
No, sir, no. The resolutions indicate a warm, ar-
dent, vehement love of country,and for the consti-
tutional rights of the people. My colleague evident-
ly believes, and honestly believes, that the actings
and doings of the Administration during this un-
fortunate civil war have been such as to endanger
the constitutional libei ties of the people, to strike
down their dearest rights, and in consequence of
that he arraigns the Administration, and points
out in these resolutions the reasons for his alarm.
It is his love of country that causes him to do it.
That Senator who believes theie has been mal-
administration of the Government in any or all
its departments, and who sits quietly by and fears
to sound the alarm, and to point our masters, the
people, to the great dangers bytvhich they are
environed, and to tell them fearlessly that "their
liberties, then* lights, and their privileges secured
by (he Constitution are about to be overthrown,
is an unworthy and degraded public servant; lie
who has not the courage and the manhood to do
that, 1 can only say, in my humble judgment, is
an unworthy representative of a free people. He
is, or at least deserves to be, the subject or the
vassal of .some absolute prince or potentate. Pie
is utterly unfitted to represent a brave, honest,
and free people.
Those who believe that the actings and doings
of this Administration have been such as to sap
the foundation of the Government, to overthrow
the Constitution, and destroy the liberties of the
people, owe it to themselves, owe it to their coun-
try, boldly, fearlessly so to proclaim. They should
not doit oiFerisively, but thoroughly and featlessly,
and they should sustain and maintain it in bold
and manly aigument. If the friends of the Ad-
ministiation think that the principles announced
in the resolutions or the statements of fact
therein contained are erroneous, it is their duty in
the same spirit of manly discussion to meet them
and overthrow them if they can. If they cannot
they should hold their peace and cooperate with
thosfe who desire to turn the Administration out
of power. That is their patriotic duty.
Now, Mr. President, with the permission of
the Senate I will review very briefly some of the
resolutions of my colleague that have caused him
to be* visited with very harsh censures by the
Senator from Michigan who addressed the Senate
yesterday, and the Senator from Maine who has
addressed the body this morning. With great
deference to those two honorable Senators, I differ
from them, not only as to the interpretation they
give to the resolutions and the deductions they
draw from them, but in many respects as to the
matters of fact contained in them.
A portion of the thirteenth resolution of my
colleague is embodied in the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and is set forth aa the
sole cause why my colleague should be expelled.
If the debate were to beconfined to what I should
conceive to be its legitimate limits, #1 the Senate
would have a right to do would be to look to that
particular resolution, and not to the whole series
except for one special purpose, and that would be
to sec whether there was anything in any other
of the resolutions calculatcd to explain the mean-
ing of the objectionable part of the thirteenth res-
olution.
I hold it to be a proper rule of construction in
construing the Constitution, a statute, or any in-
strument of writing, to do what you can to make
every portion of it harmonious; and if it is liable
to two constructions, one of which harmonizes
the principles set forth or the facts enunciated in
the whole series, that is the proper and legitimate
construction to be given to the instrument, and
you should so construe it as to cause harmony
throughout the whole instrument if possible.
With that view I will read this resolution, and
then I will point to another resolution that in ray
judgment is the key to the meaning of my col-
league in all this body of resolutions so far as tho
remedies are concerned.
The thirteenth resolution is as follows:
" 13. Resolved, That at the beginning of the war, under
the panic of the defeat of Bull Run, the party in power
piofessed to cany it on for the Constitution, and to put
down the rebellion, and vindicate the J.iws and autbouty
of tho United States m the insurgent States, and when
that v/as effected it was to cea^e. But more than a year
ago another and a paiamount and unconstitutional onei the
tot.U subversion of .slavery, was inaugurated by theui; and
at length, to carry on tho war in tins augmented and per-
verted (bun, the annual expomhtnie on the part of the Uni-
ted States tins swollen to one hundred thousand Jives, a
much larger amount of personal disability, and a thousand
millions of money, and yet the wisest cannot see the end
of the war: vetily, the people North and the people South
ou^ht to revolt again.-t their war leaders and take tins great
matter into their own hands, and elect members to a na-
tional convention of all the State*, to terminate a war that
is onuching hundred-! or thousands of offieeis, plunderers,
and spoilsmen in tho lojal States, and threatens-the masses
of both sections with irremovable bankiuptey and indefi-
nite slaughter, and tores-tore their Union and common Gov-
ernment up'mi the great principles ol liberty and compro-
mise deviled by Washington and his associates."
So far as the first part of that resolution is con-
cerned, I do not find that any gentleman of the
opposition has taken issue, it is not denied that
tho purpose of the war, as proclaimed in the Crit-
tenden resolution, as it is commonly called, passed
by both Houses soon after the battle of Bull Run,
has been departed from. But the gravamen of the
charge contained in the resolution of the Senator
from"Massachusetts, is that my colleague in this
resolution asks the people to revolt against their
war leaders, North and South, to take the matter
into their own hands, and through the instrument-
ality of a national convention to heal all our dif-
ficulties, and to restore the Union as Washington
gave it to us. That, we are told, is an invitation
to the people of the North to go into some kind ofa
revolutionary proceeding for the purpose of over-
throwing the Administration in power. I do not
think that the resolution can be legitimately con-
stiucd in that way. To be sure, he uses the word
"revolt," and asks the people to revolt against
their war leaders; but we all know that theie are
various meanings of that word. In this sense I
believe it is " to turn away from," and that is
the primary meaning of the word. He invites
not only the people of the North but the people
of the South to turn from their war leaders, and
through the instrumentality of a national conven-
tion to settle all their difficulties. How does the
resolution indicate that they shall be settled? By
a severance of the States? No, sir; but by restor-
