THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
pending before us as to the admission of Senators
from Arkansas, and it has lain very quiet; there
has been no attempt to ptess that eubject until I
came in this morning to get up this bill. Having
in my charge a bill that is admitted to be one of
the most important that has been before Congress
during this whole session, if 1 lay still and per-
mitted everything eke to be done and did notcall
it up it seemed to me i should be derelict in my
duty and unfaithful to the trust that the Senate
had reposed in me. I delayed it as long as I felt
that I could do ao consistently with my duty. I
delayed it while all your tax bills, while all your
revenue bills, while all your appropriation bills
were pending, while all your war measures were
undisposed of; but when they are all through,
when nothing more remains to be done on those
pressing measures, I deem it my duty to bring
forward this great measure of the session.^ I gave
notice more than a week ago that on the first oc-
casion that 1 could get the floor I should earnestly
press this question on the consideration of the
Senate, and the first opportunity that I thought 1
had I embraced; and then what is the result? The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] rises to
antagonize this measure with mine at once. He
had not shown any very great impatience to get
it up until I made my motion. Why attempt now
to embarrass the great measure of the session
with this question of the admission of these mem-
bers? I admit it is important to act on such a
question; it is a privileged question, 1 believe, that
may be taken up over anything else, but I do not
understand why Senators who have lain so quiet
up to this time should be so impatient the moment
I rise to get up my measure.
1 would not feel very anxious upon this ques-
tion if I did not hear it all around me stated that
we were about to adjourn. I think we ought not
to adjourn as long as there is any important ques-
tion that can arise before us. 1 do not know that
it is the intention of the Senate to adjourn soon;
but [ hear it from all quarters that at all events
we must adjourn this week. If so, whoever is
charged with an important measure would not be
justified if he did not endeavor to bring it to the
notice of Congress at once. I hope we shall not
adjourn Raving one single important measure
behind, if wc do so we cannot justify ourselves
before the American people. In a time like this,
when the nation is struggling with its fate, to
manifest a childish impatience to withdraw from
the councils of the nation is unworthy of an
American Senator. I do not know that any mem-
ber harbors any such intention; but I am alarmed
by hearing it, side-bar, everywhere that we are
just, going to adjourn. 1 do not believe it. 1 do
not believe there is a member of this body who
has not u better opinion of the duty lie owes to
the nation in times like this than to meditate ad-
journing and leaving before we are through with
everything that anybody can say in important.
If 1 had an assurance that wc should have patience
to do up all our business bcfoie we leave you
would not find me rising in my scat to antagonize
this with anybody's measute. I would not care
a straw then winch of these questions you took
fiist. If the Senator from Illinois is impatient to
have this question of his tried, he may test it; 1
am auie it is an important question whethei Sen-
ators shall have a seat on this floor or not, and
one too that ought to be decided, and promptly
decided. liut when I see that the question ai ises
in such a form that the debate upon it wiil involve
all the points necessarily involved in the passage
of the bill that *.viii make a general piinciplc lor
ail like cases, it does occur to me that it is better
to take up the bill and settle the general pnneiple
bcfoie we take up the particular questions that
will involve just as much controversy. 1 know
the Senator U urn Pennsylvania thinks otherwise,
lie says they arc entirely distinct from each other.
The peculiar questions are separate, but the prin-
ciples involved are about the same.
I know that the passage of this bill does not
affect the right of these gentlemen to seats here;
but ucstablislies the principle that will be drawn
into the argument all over the Senate. My
fi lends around me behove that the question of
the adnnsKion of these members can be taken
without any fuiiher debate. I do not believe it.
1 believe that every principle involved in the pas-
sago of this bill will be argued in the Senate and
debated by every gentleman who s.e^s fit to dp-
bate it, during the pendency of the resolution of
the Senator from Illinois.
I have no doubt that the Senate will stay here
and determine all these questions, because I will
not beiieve that there is a Senator in this body
who would turn his back upon the great councils
of the nation under circumstances like these,
while anybody was urging a question upon its
consideration that he believed important. When I
say this, I admit that no Senator is more anxious
to get outof the city and go home than I am my-
self, but I would as soon desert the camp of the
soldier and run away; and 1 should feel myself
now infinitely more disgraced by leaving the coun-
cils of the nation before everything was done than
I would were I a soldier in the Army deserting
my colors and tunning home. The woild may
not consider it so,but one would be as eminently
disgraceful as the other. Let us take these ques-
tions up, then, and settle them all. I do not un-
derstand that the gentlemen from Arkansas who
are here, orwho have been here,are pressingtheir
case on the consideration of the Senate. I do
not know but that they are. If they are it would
have the effect upon my mind of inducing me to
yield to their case, to permit it to be decided;
but I do not understand that they are here urging
immediate decision. Therefore I must stand by
my own motion. I have given fair notice of it.
I intended to makq it this morning; it was very
well understood that when reports were over the
bill would be taken up. I believe everybody on
this side had reason to suppose so, and yet it was
antagonized immediately by this other question
which had not been stated before.
I will make no further remarks; Inopethe vote
will be taken. I do not think there is any very
special reason why 1 should be superseded in the
attempt to get up the reconstruction bill now; but
if the Senate think there is, let them go on with
the other question. I prefer that the question 1
have made should be settled by the Senate, be-
cause I do not believe 1 can justify myself to my
constituents, or to the House of Representatives
who have sent this bill here for our action, if I
consent to further delay, unless the Senate so di-
rect, and I shall stand by their verdict. If they
say this other question is the most impoitant and
must be settled, so be it, but let them decide it.
Mr. HOWE. I rose some time ago to say to
the Senator from Ohio that my own judgment is
that the question arising on the report of the Ju-
diciary Committee had better be first decided.
The view that I take of these questions I appre-
hend is peculiar to myself; but K is such a view
that while 1 have no reason to doubt but that 1 .shall
buppoit the bill moved by the Senator from Ohio,
the action of Congress on that question would
notalFect my judgment, if I undei stand the char-
acter of that Gill aright, upon the question pre-
sented on the repoit of the Judiciary Committee,
and 1 think the Senate will concede that if the
gentlemen who arc presented here as the repre-
sentatives of Arkansabreally havearight to seats
here, that right ought to be declared and they put
in possession of it before we act upon the meas-
ure moved by the Senator from Ohio. If thoy
have an interest to be affected by the action of the
Congress of the United States upon any question
whatever, they have an mteiest in being repre-
sented on that question. There is probably no
one measure that they would feel so anxious to
be repiesented upon and to be heard upon as the
very measure moved by the Senator from Ohio.
For these reasons I think we had better pass
upon their right first. That right is an existing
tiling, if there be any such right; it is to be de-
termined upon the law as it is to-day, and not
upon the law as we make it after to-day. The
Senate can see that whatever might be the fate of
that bill it would not alFect the right of these can-
didates. In addition to this, 1 might say that it
is understood to be a question of privilege itself,
having ilte light of precedence by the law of the
Senate, it is so ruled.
Mr. WADE. I have moved to postpone it,
and that is in order.
Mr. HOWE. 1 do not undertake to declare
the law, but for myself I understand the law to
be y$0 declared that it is a question of piivilege,
and therefoie m acting upon it first we simply act
in the order of business that the law has fixed.
Mr, WADE. If that be so, my motion is not
jn order-
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that a motion to
postpone even a question of privilege cannot be
entertained.
Mr. WADE. Let the question be taken as to
which we shall take up.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In answer to a sug-
gestion made by the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Buckalew,] I desire to state that I differ
from him entirely as to the decision of this ques-
tion being the same at the next session as it will
be if the vote is taken now. If by the help of
God we are able to clear Arkansas of rebels by
the next session, there will not then be half a
dozen Senators who will not be willing to admit
these men. The only difficulty now in their ad-
mission is the fact that a portion of the State of
Arkansas is in possession of the rebels.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator answer me a
question ? Are these Senators pressing for a de-
cision of their case? Are they anxious for its
immediate decision?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On the contrary they
are desirous as their people are to have the ques-'
tion postponed until the next session of Congress.
I remember that my seat was contested, and we
permitted it to go over to the next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am astonished at the
statement made by the Senator from ICansas. It
is a very strange proceeding for gentlemen Lo pre-
sent themselves with credentials and ask for seats
when they do not wish seats at all and desire the
question to be postponed for six months. I un-
derstood distinctly that they did desire to have
their case decided. It is a very strange proceed-
ing for persons to claim seats in this body and
then desire not to have them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let me correct my-
self. They believe as I do that a decision against
them would be discourwgmg to their people. That
is what I meant to say, that it would be a stroke
at the Union organization in the State of Arkansas.
In answer to another suggestion made by the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, I will say
that the people of this country have already de-
cided this question, and I so stated when I was
up. The people have no sympathy with the opin-
ion that these States are not in the Union. Thoy
lecognize them as in the Union, and they recog-
nize the loyal people, however few they may be,
as having the right to reorganize or revive their
State governments. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois understands these two applicants. Thoy
hope that a decision may not be made against
them, for the reason that it will discourage their
people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was very forcibly struck
by the remarks made this morning upon tins ques-
tion by the Senator fiom New Hampshire, [Mr,
Hale.] 1 think it is very important that this
question should be settled one way or the other
before we adjourn, and the sooner we settle it the
better. I am myself of the opinion, and have
been from the beginning, that the question of re-
construction as it is called, the question of what
is and what is not a State entitled to be repre-
sented here, should properly be settled by Con-
gress, and cannot be settled by any other power
than Corjgressin any possible way. 1 am of the
opinion which is expressed, I believe, in the re-
port, though my attention has not been specific-
ally directed to it, that so far as the power to be
represented here is concerned, a State which has
been proclaimed in insurrection, which has been
in the power of the enemy, and which has delib-
erately, so far as we may judge from its action in
a certain way, pretended to join another con-
federacy, is not entitled to be represented here
until she returns to her allegiance. It is not enough
that a small poition or even a considerable por-
tion of that people sustained by our military au-
thority in the State declare themselves to be u
State. We must first declare it by the admission
of Senators or the admission of Representatives,
and we ought to put an end at once to all these
questions which have been raised with reference
to the coming presidential election, because I
think, as was stated by the Senator from New
Hampshire, that very serious consequences may
follow if we leave them undetermined.
With regard to the bill which my honoiabie
friend from Ohio proposes to take up, I have
always been of opinion that before we attempt
the business of reconstruction we should have
something to reconstruct, something in our power;
