1414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Sir, the money which has gone hi to these Gov-
ernment securities still remains m circulation.
Of the $500,000,000 that have been issued there
still remain in the country $400,000,000 I tabic to
taxation by the General Government and State
governments in its original form. If I invest
§10,000 m the securities of the Government the
Government take my money, give me my bonds,
and pay out the money to somebody else, and the
money which is represented by these bonds is
still subject to taxation. There is no change in
this regard. We have as much money in the
country subject to taxation as before, and there-
fore there is no valid reason why any heavy hand
should be suffered to impose additional burdens
upon this property. But there is a reason why
it should contribute for the protection afforded to
it by local and State laws.
Mr. STROUSE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Davis] to the amendment; and I entirely
concur in the amendment offered by Ins colleague,
[Mr, Van Valkenburgh.] I would like to ask
the opponents of.this amendment what particular
exemption or privilege these moneyed institutions
are entitled to? In what particular do they dif-
fer from business men generally throughout the
States who are taxed not only by the national
Government but by the States for State, county,
or municipal purposes?
Now, sir, we are told that this measure is an-
tagonistic to the supremacy of the Federal Gov-
ernment. There is nothing of the kind in this
proposition, and T was pained to hear the distin-
guished gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
bring in party politics. We need be in no fear of
a dissolution of the Union because of the propo-
sition introduced by the gentleman from New
Yoik, [Mr. Van Vai.kenrurgh.] We need be
more in fear of that result on account of the very
loose system of financiering which we are asked
to inaugurate.
I stand here, sir, not as a party politician; I
stand here upon this proposition as a citizen of
the United States anxious for the petpetuity of
tiie Union and to sustain the ciedit of the Gov-
ernment at home and abroad. Hut when we tax
the merchant, the miner, the laborer, everybody
and everything which the ingenuity of man could
search out, why is it that the money-lender, the
modern Shyloek, shall go free and be exempted
from this taxation ? It is only right and honest
. that the States should derive some benefit from
the aggregation of capital.
Gentlemen say that they are national banks.
How are tiiey made up? Hy your money and by
my money, by all thowe who buy .stork. We buy
it partly out ot pah lotisrn, and agood many buy
it because they think that it is a good speculation
It is only right for us to take the bull by the horns
and admit that most people buy stock of the Gov-
ernment because they believe it to be a profitable
speculation. W^y should we be so charitable,
when men have loaned this money for the pur-
pose of making more, as to exempt them from
taxation? Gentlemen ought to remember that the j
States have contributed millions for the vigorous !
prosecution of this war, for the support of the i
Government and its cause, for which they ask no .
remuneration. The State of Pennsylvania which
I have the honor in part to icpreserit upon this
floor, has in the way of bounties, public and
private, by the action of the State Legislature and
of tile citizens, expended some five or six million
dollars. We ask no return for that. While we
have to bear immense burdens, publicly and pri-
vately, for the vigorous pi o.vcution of the war, we
do protest against withdrawing, as is pioposed, 1
such a vast amount of capital'from taxaation in !
New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois, and the other i
States" Recollect that the several States have done |
their entire duty, and this exemption from taxa- \
tion should not be allowed. Theie need be no fear 1
that the States will tax these institutions to death. !
Every State has its statute laws on the subject, i
[Here the hammer fell.] |
Mr. HOTCHRISS. I move to add to the on- |
ginal amendment the flowing: t
And no State shall any tax upon said assoeia- '
tiorss or th'Mr capital, fir - >a,iuon, di wdeiuN.oi business at |!
h higher rate of taxat,-; man sh.ih be imposed byihe said !
State upon fhe Minu Mnounf ot moneyed capital in the
hands of Individual ciii^ea* of said State.
Mr, Chairman, the object of that amendment
is to obviate the objection that the States will tax
these institutions out of existence. 1 do not re-
gard it as necessary, for I do not apprehend that
the proposed banking system, providing a uni-
form currency for the whole country, is going to
be so odious that any State would be tempted to
tax it out of existence. And I do not think that
the friends of the measure offer a good recom-
mendation for it when they rest upon the objec-
tion that there is danger the people will feel so
outraged by this system in the States that they
will go to work to tax it out of existence. They
forget that it is the only system we are going to
have. The State of New York has a banking
capital of $110,000,000. Bankers inform me that
they must all come under this system. It is pro-
posed that that $110,000,000 shall be exempted
from State and local taxation. Whatever effect
the proposition may have here, in my State it
will have the effect to render the system very
odious indeed,and the.pcople of the State of New
York will submit to it with reluctance. The feel-
ings of the people of my State are well understood.
The Legislature at the last cession enacted a
law which imposed a tax upon these institutions
equal to the amount of theircnpital. Theytaxed
them upon a sum equal to the amount of their
capital. That is the language of the law. That
law has been h id by the court of appeals to be
valid and constitutional, and 1 do not think the
character of that court is to he questioned very
lightly. It is a court that gives law to this Union,
and its decisions are respe-t-d by every other
State in the Union, and by the Supreme Court of
the United States also. Id" not propose to argue
the question here; there is i.o time in a five min-
utes speech to prove it.
My district—the twenty-sixth congressional
district of the State of New York, composed of
the counties of Bioome, Tioga, Tompkins, and
Schuyler—has a banking capital of $4,000,000.
We have iai.<?ed our quota oi men under every
call which has been made by the President of the
United States, and we have now a surplus of live
hundred over all calls. We have raised local
bounties ranging from three to five hundred dol-
lars, and besides that we have taken care of and
provided for the families of our soldiers by town
and local bounties; and we propose to have this
$•1,000,000 of bank capital do something toward
paying the interest on the loans we have made to
pay such bounties.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have listened to the de-
bate in hopes that I should see some reason why
these national banks should not be subject to
local taxation, but it seems to me that no sufficient
reason has been given. Tht; gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] I apprehend has made the
ieaj and only objection entertained by the ma-
jority of this House againat the taxation of na-
tional banks. His objection was not against their
taxation merely, but it was against their being
taxed by the States because they arc national in-
stitutions. lie was opposed to their taxation by
the States because he intended by this bill to create
a great national system, and because State taxa-
tion would interfere with that system.
11 seems to me, therefore, that the whole object
of the bill is to cieate a centralized national bank
power which shall override and destroy the State
banking institutions. It seems to me that the !
gentleman admits in the outset that these banks j
are going to be unsatisfactory to the people; it j
seems to me he admits that the bill itself ought !
not to pass, because he starts upon the presump- j
tion that every State where they shall be located
will be so hostile to those institutions that they i
will go to work and destroy them by taxation. 1
Now, [ say to gentlemen if you have intro-
duced a system of banking, or if you propose to
introduce a system of banking, that will meet
with the hostility of the entire people of the coun-
try, your bill ought to be defeated. You ought
not to pass such a bill, especially in these times
of great national trial; you ought not to attempt
to adopt a measuie which shall be hostile to the
people. What object can the State have in tax-
ing these banks out of existence? It must be
because the people do not desire them. There can
be no other reason. The people will not tax in-
stitutions which are for their benefit; and if the
national banking institutions are not for the ben-
efit of the people, and are not to satisfy them, I
ask the gentleman from Maryland what object he
has in view in adopting this system. Ave the
people to have an institution to which they are
opposed ? Do you desire to create an antagonism
between the national Government and the States ?
Is your object to create an institution which the
States will not maintain and support? It seems
to me the argument bears no other construction.
Another gentleman tells us he proposes to tax
these banks. He thinks they ought to bear more
of the national taxes because they are exempt from
'State taxation. How can the national Govern-
ment tell what the local taxation is? Local prop-
erty in a particular locality has to bear a tax uni-
form with the tax upon all personal property.
The national Government cannot know how to
fix the tax upon this property so as to graduate
it and make it equal to the local taxes. The lo-
calities alone can know what taxes should be im-
posed in order to make taxation equal and uni-
form. It seems to me that no argument has been
introduced here except one, and that is that the
purpose of this bill is to create a natiogal system,
and that to allow them to be taxed by the States
will destroy the national character of these insti-
tutions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VAN VALIvENBURGH. I accept the
amendment of my colleague [Mr. Hotchkiss] ns
a modification of my own.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out the last line of the amendment. We have
listened to a very singularargument just now. It
has been said that we are afraid to submit this
bill to the will of the people, because wc are mak-
ing an instrument that is to be hostile to them.
Now, if the gentleman means to say that the Gov-
ernment of the United States must subject all its
machinery to the will of any State under the pen-
alty of having it thrust back upon ustlujtthe ma-
chinery of the Government is hostile to the State,
I suppose the absurdity of that aigumcnt will be
sufficiently apparent. We are not to have an
Army unless we will allow it to be forbidden to
cross a State line; we are not to have a collector
oftaxesunless we will allow aState to say whether
he shall collect taxes or not; we are not to have
a maishal unless we will allow a State to say
whether he shall serve process or not. Hut if the
honorable gentleman means this, that we know
from present experience that, whatever the aggre-
gate mass of the people of the United States may
think about the Governmentof the United States,
there may exist hostility in particular States that
would endeavor to paralyze the machinery of the
Government, then I mean to say that if that hos-
tility is so developed we mean to paralyze it.
And if the gentleman says that it interferes with
"State sovereignty,5' I say we are dealing with
" State sovereignty" now m Virginia, and when
it is thrust acioss the track of the Government in
any other State we are ready to deal with it just
as well there.
"State sovereignty " is always the form which
every attempt to divide, ht<-ak up, and paralyze
the Government of the United States assumes,
and it is the woi st shape that can be bt oiMriit he-
fore the people of the United States at this day
to cover any attempt to embarrass the Govern-
ment. " Hostile to the people,55 because we arc
not willing to allow the people of a particular
State to say whether a national bank shall or
shall not exist within their limits? No, sir; but
this is a Government that does not exist by the
will of the people of the States; it exists by the
will of the people of the United Sides, andthe peo-
ple of the United States mean that no State shall
have a right.to say, in any foim, direct or indi-
rect, that a national system shall not prevail with-
in its borders, in California, if I am not mis-
informed, banks arc n,.t allowed at all. Where
is your rule of taxation there? Do we not all
know that in Missouu, m the earlier period of
herexistencc, banks were foibiddon? Do we not
know that the most intense political hostility in
this country prior to the breaking out of the war
grew out of the question of allowing banks in the
various States? And do we not also know, hy
the spirit manifested in reference to this amend-
ment th$t wc are in view now of just such a
financial war? Do gentlemen mean that this sys- '
tem shall be at the mercy of the States, so that a
hostile State shall destroy it, or do they mean that
it shall be paramount to the States and do the
