888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
as traitors? Certainly it ought. That is the only
mode provided by the laws of the country by
which you can find oat whether a man is a traitor
or not* It is by giving him a full and free inves-
tigation in the courts, and allowing him counsel
and to be confronted with the witnesses against
him face to face.
Sir, that very thing has been done without ever
arraigning those men for treason. The papers
have been stopped in many cases and the editors
never arrested. The Senator says the papers were
stopped because they were treasonable. Who
judges of the treason? It is the commanderjof
your post, your provost marshal. What right
has he to judge? No such right is given to him
by the laws of your country. If the editors of
tnese papers committed treason, the Government
stands a culprit before the civilized world and
ought to be arraigned as such, because it has al-
lowed traitors to go free without ever arraigning
them or trying them and attempting to punish
them for their guilt. Gentlemen attempt to es-
cape the argument by the bold proclamation that
all these men were editing traitorous papers. Sir,
in a free Government there is a mode of ascertain-
ing whether a man is guilty or innocent. That
mode we inherit^ from our ancestors across the
water. It is upon a full, fair, impartial trial in
the courts of the country, and there is no other
way. The laws presume every man innocent until
his guilt is made manifest by proof in the courts.
But here the rule is reversed. Some colonel, some
provost marshal, some pestiferous spy, perhaps,
will say that a gentleman is editing a newspaper
that is treasonable, and without any investigation
they presume him guilty and imprison the per-
son sometimes, and sometimes stop the circula-
tion of the paper. Sir, there can bo but one way
in a country that is governed by law to ascertain
guilt or innocence, and that is the way pointed
out by the law, upon full and fair trial.
After what has occurred in Maryland, Ken-
tucky, Missouri, and Di-luware, how can Sena-
tors claim that free suffrage lias been allowed ? If
Senators will take the trouble to look into the
proof which has been laid on our tables, taken in
the contested elections in some of those States,
now under consideration in the other end of the
Capitol, they will find abundant and conclusive
evidence that fraud and military force were used
to carry elections in those States.
I will not at piesent discuss this question. On
some proper occasion I will discuss this subject
at length, and establish by incontrovertible testi-
mony that elections in the States to which 1 have
alluded were carried by military force, terrorism,
and fraud.
Honorable Senators object to the sixteenth res-
olution as revolutionary. The Senator from Mich-
igan said that resolution was revolutionary, and
hence he opposed it. Let us read that resolution,
and see what it is:
" 1(> Resohed, That as the Constitution and laws afford
no means to exclude fiom the office of President a man ap-
pointed to it by military power, or who is declared to bo
chosen to it by teabon ot thoMipprei-Mon oi the iroedom of
election, a.-< bj the exclusion ot local voteis from the polls
or by any other inean^, the people ot the United States
would tie incompetent to defend and unwoitby to have re-
ceived the licli hcutago of freedom becpieatherl to iliem
by tiieir fathers, if they permit tliatgicatoilicesoto be tilled,
or in ;$ny other mode tliau by then own hee buffi ages."
1 was amazed when my learned friend from
Michigan pronounced that resolution revolution-
ary. The Senator has fallen into a sad mistake.
He has mistaken the resolution for the things that
are denounced in it. The tilings that my colleague
denounces are levolutionary, but the resolution
itself is not. It is a sharp and bold declaration
that we are not worthy of the freedom we inher-
ited from our noble sires if we submit to the usurp-
ations which are mentioned m the resolution.
The declaration is that a man who is appointed
to the Presidency by the military power, a man
who obtains that high position by the overthrow
of free suffrage, should not be allowed to hold the
position; but my colleague says the President
should bo elected by the free suffrage of the peo-
ple. That is the pith, the point of the resolution.
I ask honorable Senators on the other side of this
Chamber, and on this side, if there is one of them
who would rise in his place in the Senate of the
United States and say that he would be willing
or would submit for a single moment to see a
man appointed by the military power assume the
presidential office in this Republic. I verily be-
lieve there is not a Senator on either side of the
Chamber who would dare get up here and an-
nounce such a proposition, that he was for the
Army appointing the President. It is against
that that my colleague points in this resolution.
Sir, in times past in other countries empires
have been sold at auction. In the degenerate days
of the Roman empire, we know that the preto-
rians put up that empire to auction and sold it to
the highest bidder. It was transferred at will by
the army; and I would ask Senators what sem-
blance of freedom existed in degenerate Rome at
that day. None. On one occasion that empire
was put up at auction and sold on credit. Didius
Julian, the successful bidder, was not prepared to
make good all his promises, and they took it away
from him. As the boys in the country say, they
rued the bargain. I am confident that Senators
on the other side of the Chamber are not in favor
of havii% the President of this great Government
appointed by military authority, or in any other
way than by free ballot. The resolution merely
says that that is what should be done, and that
free men should resist the appointment in any
other way. lam free to admit here and elsewhere
that I for one would resist to the death the over-
throwing of the Constitution of my country so
much as to allow the Army to appoint a President
or to elect one by deterring the free voters from
the polls by force of arms, and in that position I
am confident no Senator in this Chamber will take
issue with me.
Mr. President, the Senator from Michigan spoke
at some length upon the proclamation of amnesty
of the President of the United States. I had de-
signed to make some remarks in reply to thatSen-
ator on that part of his argument, but the condi-
tion of my health will not allow me to do so. I will,
however, state my objections in a very few words.
My colleague in one'of the resolutionsof this se-
ries takes issue upon that proclamation,declares
it to be unwise, unconstitutional, and unjust, in
that I concur. I regard thatpiochimation of am-
nesty as highly revolutionary m its character. I
regard it as unconstitutional, because I can find no
warrant in the Constitution that authorizes the
President of the United States to say who shall be
a voter in a State, and who shall" not. In that
proclamation he undertakes that high office which
belongs in my judgmentalonetothepeople ofthc
respective States, if you admit that the States
affected by that proclamation are not States of the
Union, (a proposition which 1 by no means ad-
mit,) and regaid them as Territories of the United
Staten, lean still find no warrant in the Constitu-
tion of my country that authorizes the President
of the United States to prescribe the terms and
the manner in which a State shall be admitted into
the Union. I do find in ttiat instrument that Con-
gress has the power to admit States, but I find ntv
power conferred on the Executive to do that. I
find no provision in the Constitution of my coun-
try authot izmg the President of the United States
to dech re that one tenth ofthc people in any State
of the Union, or in any Territory that was once
a State of the Union, if you please, shall form a
government against the will of the other nine
tenths. That, in my judgment, is not only revo-
lutionary, but. is desti uctive to the gieat principle
that lies at the very foundation of republican lib-
erty, which is that majorities must govern.
I can find no warrant in the Constitution of my
country that will authorize the President to do
any of the things that he indicates in that proc-
lamation as pteivquisites for biinging the States
back. The truth is he has no power over them.
1 believe they are now States of the Union; but
giving the President either horn of the dilemma,
what power has he to say how they shall return?
It is not a matter for the Executive to determine.
If they are States of the Union, they are already
in the Union in contemplation of law, and the
President has no right to say that they shall come
in upon terms and conditions harshly and uncon-
stitutionally prescribed by him, that one tenth of
their population shall be the governing power, and
the other nine tenths shall be governed by one
tenth. If they are Territories and not States of the
Union, then certainly he has no power to s&v how
new States shall be admitted. I should liKe if I
could do so to discuss that proclamation at some
length, but I am unable to do it to-day.
Mr, President, I will not notice further the re-
marks of the honorable Senators. When you
take the resolutions as a whole, I do not think
that any fair-minded critic can find in them any-
thing that looks to reforming the abuses pointed
out in the resolutions in any other way than by
the free voice of the sovereign people «f the coun-
try legitimately expressed. That is the only mode
in which my colleague seeks to remedy the abuses
indicated in the resolutions. Now, I hold that
the sovereign people of this country are the mas-
ters; that they have the right, if they choose to
exercise it in a legitimate manner, to rise up and
turn out of power their present rulers and inau-
gurate others. I admit that that cannot be done
without revolution, except in the proper mode and
manner, and at the proper time, according to the
Constitution; and that is the end which is sought
by my colleague. It is the Government of the
people; and m times of great public disaster like
this, I think they should be invoked to come to
the lescue, and to save theirGovernnaent with all
the rights of civil and religious liberty guarantied
by the Constitution, in order that they and their
children may inherit it in all time.
My distinguished friend from Maryland in the
discussion yesterday, and the Senator from New
Hampshire to-day, have taken occasion to say that
these resolutions are noUpalatable to them. Still,
though those honorablegentlcmen fully and freely
express their opinions m opposition to my col-
league's resolutions, as they have the right to do,
they say that there is no cause why any censure
should be visited upon my colleague. Ifl looked
upon the resolutions as the Senator from New
Hampshire and the Senator from Maryland do, I
should be oftheir opinion; I do not believe that we
have any power here or any right to censure the mi-
nority because they differ from the majority. If
you do that, you overthrow all freedom of debate,
and all free speech, which would be very destruc-
tive, in myjudgmont, to the liberties of thisor any
other people. I differ, however, from those hon-
orable gentlemen in regard to the resolutions of
my colleague. The Senator from Maryland says
there is very little in them that he approves; there
is a great deal in them that I approve, and I be-
lieve that on a proper occasion I could make my
assertion good by argument; but I shall not at-
tempt it at this time, because whether the resolu-
tions are palatable to me or to any other Senator
is not the question.^ The simple question is,
whether a Senator oftne United States has not the
right to promulge political principles, whether he
has not the right to arraign this or any other Ad-
ministration if he chooses before this Senate and
the country, without being subject to expulsion
or censure ? I hold that he has; and if you in-
augurate a different policy, the result will be that
gentlemen in the minority will be censured every
other day when there is any debate going on, for
some speech that they may make. As has been
very well remarked by the Senator from New
Hampshire, the time was, if that policy had been
pursued, when he and the Senator from Massa-
chusetts would have been censured. 1 dare say
there was scarcely a week when they did not utter
some sentiment that was in violation of the prin-
ciples held by the then majority of the body; and
yet who ever thought of censuring them ? No-
body. Sir, the day you inaugurate this system,
you will do that which in all time will stand as a
monument of shame and disgrace to the Senate,
and will be calculated to cause the lovers of free
Government to despair of the liberties of this Re-
public. You must havefice speech, free press, and
free suffrage, or you have no free Government.
If a Senator utters that which is wrong in prin-
ciple or in fact, let those who are opposed to him
show its fallacy. That would be proper and right.
I am for the largest freedom of debate, making
each Senator responsible to the country and to the
people who clothed him with power for the sen-
timents and principles that he chooses to promulge
here, whether in the shape of speeches or resolu-
tions. If he is right, the people will sustain him.
If he is wrong, in my judgment a sensible and
patriotic people will not sustain him any great
length of time.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, whatever
may be the opinion of the Senate upon the reso-
lution under consideration, I think no one can
doubt that the resolutions on which it is founded
are improper and indecorous,disrespectful to th$
President of the United States and to the majority
