8366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
subject to the control of the enemies of the United States,
other patts of the State are only hold in subordination to
the law* of the Union by the t-trong aim of military power.
While this rotate of things continues and the rijrht to exer-
cise armed authority over a large part of the State is claimed
and exerted by the military power, it cannot be said that
a civil government, set up and continued only by the suffer-
ance of the military, is that republican form ot covornniont
which the Constitution requires the United States to guar-
anty to every State in the Union."
The mistake into which I thinlc the committee
have fallen is the mistake of asserting that this
civil government which was set up in Arkansas
exists only by the sufferance of the military
power. I showed you the other day, and you
can see for yourselves if you look into the statute,
that it existed by the express permission of the
civil power of the United States, the legislative
power of the United States, by virtue of an act
, passed many years ago still existing m full force,
it is by the permission of that act of ours that that
civil government was set up in Arkansas. It was
not by the sufferance of the military power, but,
on the contrary, that portion of the military power
which permitted this civil government to exist
there, was there only by permission of the same
authority which permitted that Legislature to con-
vene.
The committee seem to argue that because that
civil government cannot stand alone, because it
can only abide by the aid and support of the mil-
itary force, therefore it ought not to be allowed
to exercise the prerogatives and functions of u
State. I think if that wcic true it would piove a
great deal too much for us. We exist here to-
day only by the aid and support of an army of a
million men. True, they are not mustered about
the capital. But remove your military from the
field, and you will remove from this capital in a
very short time!' You have not a day's tenure of
your power and authority here except through
the aid and support of this very military force;
and precisely the same military tbico that upholds
your authority heie in Washington upholds the
authority of the Government wluch sent up these
gentlemen from Arkansas, and upholds the power
which sends Senators from Wisconsin and from
Now York. It was operating more immediately
in the lirld from which these gentlemen come than
it is in that from which I come; but it is precisely
the same military force that upholds the civil au-
thority m each of the States and m the United
States from which all our powers spring.
Mr. President, there was a tune when I think
there was no Legislature 111 Arkansas, no power
that could elect, Senators, and when, of course,
Arkansas could not have had a representation
here; huf that time I think passed by when a body
did Convene in the capital of the State, delegated
by the people of the State, who chose and who
did participate in the election of u Legislature.
Then they had a Legislature, then they did pre-
sent the features of a State. Prior to that tune
the people of Arkansas were either subject to an
alien government, and one hostile to us, or they
were without any government except what your
captains and your colonels saw fit to turmsh them.
1 think that those men who declared the inde-
pendence of Aikansas destroyed the government
of Arkansas as an American State; and I think
when they destroyed that, if they did not wipe
out of existence at the same time every particle of
loyalty m the State, the duty devolved upon the
supreme authority of the United States to furnish
to whatever loyalty there was in the State a civil
government a ml not a mihtaiy government. That
power we refused to exercise. That duty we
uttm ly neglected to discharge. Wo left the loyal
people of Arkansas without any protection or
government except what they could get from the
rebel government, and what they could get from
military forces, until the military power of the
United States drove the rebel forces from the
State; and then the people, shll restingumler the
authority of these statutes of the United States
to which 1 have refened you,gathered themselves
together, not deterred by any hostile power, ond
undertook to exercise precisely the functions, pre-
cisely the political rights that you had delegated
to them and never had taken away from them.
Now, is it fair to say to that people who have
been true to you, that you will neither give them
a civil government yourselves nor allow them to
establish one for themselves? Is it right to say to
a community, 1 care not how small it is, that be-
cause a large portion of their neighbors have be-
come traitorousand rebellious, therefore they shall
have none of the rights of American citizens? I
hold that they have a right to a civil government.
I hold that when the prerogatives of a State arc
destroyed, and the authorities of a State become
openly hostile to the United States, it is our duty
to interfere and to provide civil government for
that portion wluch is true; but if we refuse that
until the force which sustains the rebel authority
is driven without the State, then I think we should
permit to the loyal people remaining within the
State the exercise of all those rights which we
have delegated to them by these sanctions.
I am entirely conscious, Mr. President, that I
have not made anything like a distinct and intel-
ligible exposition of my own views on this mat-
ter. I believe them very thoroughly. I believe
that to exclude these gentlemen from the seats
they claim here will be the mostserious political
mistake we have made or that we can make. I
do not fear what others seem to fear, that it will
operate disastrously upon this one great cause in
which we are engaged. I believe it will be a pro-
found mistake; it will be a very dangerous pre-
cedent; 1 think it will operate to some extent to
disconiage what I understand to be the growing
sentiment of loyalty in the State of Arkansas as
well as in other States which have heretofore de-
clared their independence of the United States;
but we can coriec-t that by some proper measures
hereafter, so that I do not look for fatal results
even fiom .such a mistake as I think the Senate is
about to make; but thatit will be a mistake, I be-
lieve, as 1 said when I got up, with my whole
mind and strength.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the resolution reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think we had better have
the yeas and nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays wete oideied.
Mr. CAUL1LE. Mr. President, entertaining
the views that I have heretofore expressed in re-
lation to the rights of the States in the anomalous
condition in which they were placed by the act
of those who attempted to destroy their connec-
tion with this Government, it maybe supposed
that a vote for this resolution would be inconsist-
ent with those views. Impelled, however, by a
sense of duty, not only duty to the Constitution
and the obligations which I owe to the Federal
compact, but by a sense of duty that 1 think we
owe to the loyal people residing in these States,
I cannot but concur with the committee in the
resolution which thev have submitted and which
is now before the Senate.
It will be remembered by Senators that the act
of secession itself was an overthrow of the then
existing State governments within the Slates at-
tempting to pass the ordinance of secession. It
was necessary to icpudiate the constitutions, the
oiganic laws of the sevetal States, m order to
make .secession effective, for in each and every
one of thern their existence as members of the
Union was recognized, and obligations to the
Constitution and laws of that Union were im-
posed by the several State constitutions. There-
fore the constitutions of the States m existence
at the secession have been overthrown by those
who have usurped the power within those States.
Now, sir, what is the condition of Arkansas?
The loyal people of Aikansas who have partici-
pated in the movement by which it is claimed
Senators have been sent hereto repiesent that
State in this body, which is the representative of
the States pcculiai ly in our system, did not resist
the overthrow of their State constitution by those
in rebellion, did not uphold and maintain that
constitution, do not come here claiming to be a
State with their constitution as it was prior to its
overthrow or attempted overthrow by the seces-
sionists, hut they resort to the same revolution-
ary means as weie resorted to by the secession-
ists to effect their purpose. A State in the sense
in which we understand it, m other words m the
constitutional sense, is not a mere district of
country defined by boundaries with inhabitants
upon it; but there is no such thing as a State
known to us and to our system of government j
unless it has a written constitution that must be |
republican in foim; and howcan itbe republican
in form unless it proceeds from the great body of
the people and is their act? By what right can
twelve thousand people in Arkansas assume to
deprive other loyal citizens, and for aught we
know there may be double that number of loyal
men deprived by this act of their government as
it existed prior to the rebellion?
In what condition would the Senate of theUni-
ted States find itself placed in the event of its
coming to a different conclusion from that of the
Committee on the Judiciary to whom this sub-
ject was referred? Suppose the rebellion should
be extinguished in Arkansas by the next meeting-
of Congress, and suppose twenty-four thousand
instead of twelve thousand loyal citizens of Ar-
kansas should in accordance with the constitution
as it existed prior to the rebellion elect at the
times prescribed by law members to the Legisla-
ture of Arkansas, and that Legislature should at-
tempt to elect Senators to fill the vacancy causad
by the expulsion of their former Senators, Messrs.
Mitchel and Sebastian, andclaimants under that
election should present themselves here as can-
didates forseatsin theSenateof the United States,
what would the Senate do with the gentlemen
now here as the representatives of a revolution-
ary State government, for it is not pretended, I
gather from the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary, that this change in the organic law of
Arkansas was made in pursuance of constitutional
provision. The constitution of Arkansas as it ex-
isted prior to the rebellion provided the meansand
the manner for its own amendment and change.
From the necessity of the case, from the condition
in which these people were placed at the time this
movement organizing and creating a State gov-
ernment by means not known to the constitution
and laws of Arkansas occurred, no such means
could be resorted to as the constitution contem-
plated. Therefore this is not a case like any that
has heretofore come before the Senate for its de-
termination. It is not a case of a loyal people
(for I hold that the State governments belong to
the loyal people within the States, and in that I
concur with the Senator from Kansas) coming
here claiming representation under that State gov-
ernment which was adopted by the body of the
people and which that act made republican in
form, a State known to the Constitution and the
constituted authorities of the Government of the
United States; but it is a claim on the part of
gentlemen to represent a State assumed to be a
State, created by less than one fourth of the peo-
ple of the State, and which if recognized by this
Govei nment deprives the remaining people within
that State of representation; assuming them to be
loyal to their Government as it existed prior to
the rebellion, and wluch they have a right to
maintain unless they prove to be the minority
ascertained in accordance with the constitutional
provision as it existed before the change was
made.
1 cannot therefore consent by an act of mine to
do that which may deprive the body of the peo-
ple of Arkansas of their representation in this
body under a State recognized and known to
the Constitution of the United States and the
authorities of that Government. I concur with
the Senator from Wisconsin that each State in
this Union has a right to claim its representation
here. It has the right under the Constitution.
Aikansas has that right by having been admitted
into the Union upon an equal footing with the
original States. The question is not whether the
State of Arkansas is entitled to representation on
this floor or not, but it is whether the gentlemen
who claim to have seats and to be the representa-
tives of the State of Arkansas are entitled to seats
in this body. I maintain that-the evidence before
us shows that they are not and they cannot he.
They come here, not as the representatives of the
State of Aikansas as it existed; they come not
here as the representatives of a State government
which has been recently reorganized and changed
by constitutional legal enactment; they come not
here proceeding as the representatives of thegreat
body of the people of the State of Arkansas, who
alone can constitute a State government, i pre-
sume no Senator will contend that a State goverri*
rtient set up within any of the States of this Union
by less than one fourth of the inhabitants of that
State, less than one fourth of the constitutional
voters m a State, is a government republican in
form. No matter what may be the provisions of
its constitution, or however acceptable they may
be, to constitute a government republican in form
within the sense of the Constitution of the United
