2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
a right to give the command. The party claim-
ing on that ground must be held, strictly to the
proof to bring himself within the rule. AH that
the report says is that the order was apparently
given by the commanding officer; but no order is
Bet out and the name of no commanding officer
given. If the property were destroyed by the
lawless act of the troops, there can be no pre-
tense of liability on the part of the Government.
I say, therefore, this case involves the great prin-
ciple of how far arid to what extent we are going
to payfor these casualties of war; how far we shaft
by passing this act sanction a principle which
will result in national bankruptcy. 1 had, on a
previous occasion, intended to have spoken some-
what at length on a bill brought in by my friend
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] limiting the jurisdic-
tion of j,he Court of Claims; a bill taking away
from that court a jurisdiction which I understand
they have assumed overcasesof thiskind. I had
examined into these questions as they have arisen
heretofore in this country, and had addressed
a letter to Hon. William Whiting, the very able
Solicitor of the War Department, with a view to
ascertain the nature and amount of the warclaims
now being presented for payment at the War De-
partment. Mr. Whiting sent me a reply ably re-
viewing the whole matter, which I will have read
to the House.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
War Depaktmknt,
Washington City, January 10,1861.
Sir: Your letter of the 13th instant has been received, in
which you have requested me to "state, if consistent with
my views* of public duty, the nature, extent,and character
of the various claims which have come to my notice against
the Government, growing out of the loss and destruction of
property dm nig the present rebellion ; and also to makeanv
general suggestions on the subject that may seem proper.''
In reply, I have the honor to state that a groat vauety of
claims have been made against the United States, growing
out of tin: loss or destutction of property in the southern
States. Damages have been claimed by loyal citizens who
have always resided in the northern States for real estate
situated in the rebellious districts, and taken into posses-
sion of the Union troops* for militaiy purports, as foi (jual-
ters, or for stoiage, or hospitals, haTracks, &e.
Damages have aLso been a-ked by the same class of pri-
sons toi peisunal propuity, a-j cotton, sugai, flour, hordes,
mules, wagonV, ngncnltural implements, money ot the Um
ted States, money of the confederates, hay,giaip,eoin,and
all kinds uf lorage, wood foi binning, and wood cut down
but not jemoved from the spot when cut, and damage^ lor
crops trampled or oaten' up by our cavahy, &c.
But by far the larger propoition of claims an#made by
persona rending in the disloyal diUihts, for every spccies of
real and personal propeity alleged to have been used, in-
jured, seized, or destioyed by um troops : fences burned,
crop*} trampled down or consumed by the Aimy; hones,
mules, beet cattle, eaptmcd, &eiied, and taken a way; mon-
ey, furniture, and household articles, lost or stolen; cotton
captured, burned, Used, lost, or damaged by dnt ot other-
wise in the Use of it for military or naval fon-cs. Mveiv
variety of peisonat propeity lawlully capiat ed hv otu lorees
has been claimed, or damages have been demanded foi its
use, detention, or destination, llente an; continually ic-
quofeted for the use of ical c&tateseiacd by our tioop*. piop
<irty which has been condemned as lawful pn/,e in out-
courts has been claimed, or its value in damages.
And, what is singular, evety claimant putpoiis on affi-
davits to bo a loyal citizen, even when in some cases it is
well known to the Depaitment that the paity leally inter-
ested in the claim is actively engaged in icbclliou at the
time the claim is presented.
Respectable gcntlemcn,on many occasions, act as claim
agents on behalf ot the parties interested.
Often it happens that shift is made in the title oi appar-
ent title of propeity, in Older that the patty making the
application may be deemed loyal. And weie we to tesaid
the evidence pi escnted to this Department as conclusive on
the question of loyalty, it would bo doubtful whether there
i«, or evei wa^, a disloyal person in the seceded States.
Many claims have been made for piopeity seized in at-
tempts to violate the laws jegulafmg the commerce with
the inhabitants of the rebellious Statue. Few, if any, in-
stances have occurred of claims foi restoration of propeitv
seized iu transitu on its couise fiom iMaivlaud,New York,
or other States to Vheinia without being accompanied bv
testimony of the loyally, honesty, and Jugh eharaetct of
the criminal, o\en where he lias been arrested and caught
in the act ot violating the lav/.
Rebel printing offices have been gutted out, secession
houses have, been burned, arms and munitions of war have
been seized, vessels have been used, seized, or captuied
by our forces, raiiioads have been taken foi military u>e.
their roiling stock has been worn out, tiacks have been de-
stroyed, bridges burned or blown up, and every lorm of
devastation and destiucUon has been inflicted on the ene-
my's property by our uimtes.
From all these injuria, the inevitable result of wailike
operations, claims arise against the Government from some
persons claiming to be loyal, even though residing m the
disti iets at war with iw. Whenever the"armies movethev
scatter broadcast the piohfie seed which will ripen into
claim? against the Government.
As to the character ot these claims, i>o for as known to
me, «onuj of them have but a flight foundation in fact,
many are purely fictitious, and a large piopoition of them
have been * Aotblf sot and unrea.-on-ibl".
'-omf-tinK-, msour! nt < nn'til rc".t fm a
piece of real estate is equal to half or the whole of its value.
The valuation placed upon many aitieles lias been more
than ten times tbeiireal worth ; and as a general statement
these claims aie of so gross and outrageous a chaiacter as
to stamp them as fraudulent.
Although some claims of this class are fairly stated, yet
it would seem as though it were thoughtfair game by some
claimants to rob the Treasury to any practicable extent.
In answer to the inquiry as to the amountof these claims
which have heen or will be brought against the Govern-
ment, I can only s-ay that it is impossible to ascertain the
aggregate, F believe that hundreds of millions of dollars will
be required to satisfy these demands.
If it were now understood that they were allowed and
piomptly settled in the War Department, and paid by the
Treasury, I do not believe that we could carry on the war
three months for want of money or credit.
I look upon the army of claimants as really quite as for-
midable to the Government as the army of jebels; and if
this great and Impending danger is not looked in the face,
and promptly and decisively met by Congress, I shall feel
a diminished confidence in the ultimate preservation of our
national honor.
In regard to all claims arising in'the rebellious districts
of the character above described, 11iave uniformly refused
to acknowledge their legal validity, whether theelaimant
is loyal or otheiwUe. I have not felt at liberty to waive
the legal light of the Government to act according to Its
own will and pleasuie m recognizing these obligations.
The question as to what shall and what shall not be con-
ceded to persons whether loyal or disloyal, friendly ftr hos-
tile, who reside in those parts of the country now in rebel-
lion, is a question of public policy tobe settled by (Jongiess.
Cotigiess may or ma}' not assume such obligation*. If
they should arnonnttohundreds of millionsol dollars Con-
gress may refuse by recognizing them to add such an amount
to our national debt, hut if they should be of comparatively
trifling amount a diffeient policy might be justified.
J'erhaps the tune ha.s not yet aruved when wo can tell
what is best to be done, for we do not know when the war
will end, what will be the amount of our debt, nor what
the extent of demands upon our national resoutces.
It therefore seems to me that we ouirlit not to allow
any couit or tribunal to pa-s upon this class of claims in
anticipation of the action of (.'oneies*, however small the
amount involved may be,and the Govermnentoushtnotto
commit itself, tinotigh any of its legislative oi executive
department^, or through the Couit of Chums <>r by any
commissioners or othei functionalies,to an acknowledg-
ment of the validity of claims of pei&ons residing or having
property in icbefhous distncts while the war ingoing on.
I have the honor to be, sir, \ om obedient servant,
' WILLIAM W1HTJNG,
Solicitor of the War Department.
lion. Emtio U. Wakiiiutuvr,
United Stuto3 House of licprcsentutivcs.
Mr. WAS I IBURNE, of Illinois, I have sent
to the Library for the American State Papers, m
which this question was considered very fully by
Mr. Hamilton in a report made by hint while he
was Secretary of the Treasury in which he says:
ik That, aceoiding to the laws and usages of nations, a
State is not obliged to make compensation foi damages
done to its own eifi/.cns by enemy, ot wantonly or un-
autfioiized by its own tioops; yet humanity requires that
some i chef should be giamed topei<ons w ho by such losses
are reduced to indigence and want; and as the cucum-
Mances of suefi sutiem.-s are best known l<> tin; States to
which they belong, that it be lefetied to the sevetal States
(at their own expense) to giant Mich iclief to their citi-
zens who have b"en lujmed. a- aloiefaid, ns they may
think requisite; and if it sliaff iietenfter appear leason-
able 1 hal the United States tdiould make any allowance to
any partieulai State■> who may be butdened much beyond
othei-s, that the allowance outfit to bo deteinimed by Con-
yres*!; hut that no allowance be made by the commission-
ers for settling accounts for any chaiges ot that kind against
the United States."
That is the rule which was laid down by Mr.
Hamilton, and I believe it bus been universally fol-
lowed ever since.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having stated some of the
rcs.iUs which will follow the passage of this bill,
I move to postpone its further consideration to
the third Fiiday in December; and in accordance
with my promise yield the floor to the gentleman
front Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Did the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the iloor for a motion to post-
pone to be made ?
The SPEAKER. The Chan understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield the iloor
genr rally.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I did not un-
derstand the gentleman to yield the floor for the
purpose of making any such motion as that.
The SPEAKER- The sole condition made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania in yielding
the iloor was that at the close of his rematks he
should surrender it again for the purpose of mov-
ing the previous question.
Mr. llALE. i first moved the previous ques-
tion and then yielded the floor to the gentleman
from Illinois, on condition that he should renew
the demand for the pievious question, on condi-
tion that he should make the same motion which
I had made, which of course would not admit the
motion to postpone to intervene.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposed at the
time that was perhaps the gentleman's intention,
but he understood him only to make the condi-
tion that he should renew the demand for the pre-
vious question or yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. I understood
the gentleman from Pennsylvania distinctly to de-
cline to allow a motion to postpone to be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will state
exactly how the matter stands, and there can be
no difference between the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and myself. * I appealed to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania in the first place to allow
me to move to postpone the bill, which he declined
to do. I then asked him to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, to allow me to make n.
few remarks. He replied that he would withdraw
itprovided I would renew the demand. I declined
to do that, but said I would yield him the floor as
soon as I had finished; I did not understand there
was any agreement which would deny me the
privilege of making a motion to postpone. If,
however,thegentleman from Pennsylvania under-
stands there was, I will not persist in the motion,
but will ask the House to permit me to enter it.
Mr. HALE. I certainly did not yield the floor
for the purpose of allowing that motion to be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman insists on the point I withdraw the mo-
tion, but I will ask the House to vote down the
demand for the previous question to enable me to
move to postpone the bill, and 1 will remarkjust
here that I stated in the outset that what I had
to say would be directed to the motion to postpone.
Mr. HALE. That may be very true, but I
did not yield for that motion to be made.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my colleague to yield
me the floor for a few moments.
Mr. HALE I will yield to my colleague.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I have but a
single word to say. I do not think that the law
is at all doubtful. It has been settled,ever since
war was first made, by the law of nations that
whenever a nation is at war and the enemy de-
stroy the property of one of the belligerents it is
his misfortune—he bears it, and no nation pays
for that except as a gratuity; as an act of hu-
manity, in the words of General Hamilton. But,
on the other hand, it is as well settled that where
ever any net of the Government itself causes the
destruction of the property of the individual either
by taking it for the troops, by storing1 munitions
of war by which the enemy is induced to destroy
pnvate property—wherever the Government from
military necessity destroys private property, I
say, it is quite as clear that every just nation pays
its own citizens for such destruction. It does not
do to say that it would be a hardship to pay so
much. It may be a hardship for me to pay my
deb's—it is rather a burden, [laughter;] but that
is no reason why I should not pay them to the
last dollar, at least to recognize them.
How else is this w^r to be carried on? In the
raid by the rebels into Pennsylvania millions of
private property were destroyed by the enemy,
for which no claim that I know of has been made
to Congress. But there was a case in Chambers-
burg. The Government stored munitions of war
in a private building,and thcenemy, discovering
that fact, destroyed the building and munitions
both together. The Government recognized the
claim in that case, and paid it at once. Mr.
Amies proves that he was a loyal citizen, owning
more than nine thousand five hundred dollars'
worth of property. Our troops were there, but
the enemy took possession of it, using it as a fort.
It became, in the judgment of our armies,a mili-
tary necessity to destioy it. They did destroy
it. There is no doubt that our troops did destroy
it. This beautiful farm was occupied-by the en-
emy, and it became necessary to dislodge them.
The committee infer that it was done by the direct
order of the commander of our troops. If it were
not done by direct order, if the troops were there
m a body and found the enemy sheltering them-
selves there, and to get at them and destroy them
they destioyed the house, it is precisely the same
as if they had received an order from the military
commander.
Mr. WEBSTER. It will be foundin the evi-
dence that this property was destroyed by the
order of the military commander.
Mr. WASHBURN&jofIllinois. Willthcgen-
