3368
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
sively to the loyal portion of that population.
To the disloyal portion there was no political
right whatever reserved. It is not intimated either
by the committee, or'by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, or by any one else, that there was any
fraud practiced in the election of this Legislature.
It was free to all the loyal people of Arkansas.
They all participated in it who chose to do so,
unless some portion of them were deprived of
that privilege by a hostile force. The Senator
from Virginia intimates that there might have
been^ three fourths of the loyal people of Arkansas
deprived of the privilege of participating in that
election by this hostile force. There is no evi-
dence of that, and if'the fact were so, does that
fact deprive the loyal portion of the prerogatives
of citizens?
Mr. CARLILE. I wish to call the Senator's
attention to the point I endeavored to make. The
Legislature of which the Senator speaks was not
a Legislature under the constitution nf Arkansas;
it was a Legislature organized by the represent-
atives of twenty counties, as we are told, under
what was called a constitution adopted by less
than one fourth of the voters of Arkansas. That
is thq point to which I wish to call the Senator's
attention. I would concur with the Senator if tins
Legislature had beerrthe Legislature of iheState,
if the loyal people had a light to elect dclegates
to it, and had a right to claim representation un-
der it; bjit it is because it is not the Legislature
of the State of Arkansas, as we are infoimed, that
1 object to it.
Mr. HOWE. My point is that every Ameri-
can State has the right to a Legislature. We are
bound to assume that there was by the laws of
Arkansas some day fixed on which.the choice of
a Legislature should be made, and we have no ev-
idence but that this choice was made on the very
day fixed by the Legislature.
Mr. CARLILE. You have right the reverse.
The constitution of Arkansas prescribes the day
when the Legislature shall meet.
Mr. HOWE. { will not go into a discussion
of what is the constitution of Arkansas. You
concede that Arkansas is a State. I say thatone
of her prerogatives as a State is that her people
shall be represented in a Legislature, and one of
the prerogatives of the Legislature is the choice
of Senatois. We are not here to settle what is
the organic law of Arkansas; wo are to settle only
what is the organiclaw of the United States, and
the statutes passed in accordance with that or-
ganic law. Hut, as 1 said before, there is riot a
pai tide of evidence but that every loyal man who
chose to participate in the choice of this Legisla-
ture did paiticipate in it. If anybody was pre-
vented he was prevented not by the authorities
of the United States, nor the loyal authonties of
Arkansas, hut by authorities or by forct s disloyal
lo boih Arkansas and the United States; ami 1
way the duress imposed by one citizen upon one
hundred citizens, or upon one thousand citizens,
cannot do anything to deprive others upon whom
that lestraint is not imposed from exercising all
the preioga'Kes of citizens.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Indiana |
[Mr. Jii-A'mucKs] ispauvd on tins question with I
the Sena to i Imm iovvn, [Mr.Grimes.] He would,
if hen;, vote " yea."
The fjue-Jtion being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—ye,is ^7, nays (j; as follows:
YKAS—Anthony, I.nnvn, IJncfcalew, ('nilite,
('ii.nii'ler, f'htk. Cowan. Davis, Fc^enden, Foot. Foster,
(lale, llatian.! J.ui i^, MeDouiratl, Morgan, j\lon ill/l'ou ell,
H un-i'Vj Ruhllc, jj.ntl&btiiy, fcjhennun, funnier, Ten F.yck,
Timnlmll. Wade, and WiIKhimmi—•''J7.
\TA YS — M'-'s-j:,, Doohttie, Hick-;, Howe, Lane of Kansas,
Ni'Mriith. ;m<t Pwin^ioy—G.
ABSKNT—Mrs-us. Collnmer, Conner, Divnn, Gumcs,
Harding, i! -mfci-on, Hendricks. Ilowaid, Johnson. Lane
ot Indiana, Richardson, gpiaguc, Van W'nikle, YWlioy,
Wilson, .i.ul Wught—lu.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. T HUM BULL submitted the following res-
olution; which wasconsuiered by unanimous con-
sent, mid agreed to:
Re>i!re-1, That the Secretary he instructed to pay out of
tiie continent land of the Senate tiie usual mileage ot'Seu-
af.n-to i<ii-ha ISaxrei ;uid William M. Fallback u^pret-
ively a-! < I iim'ints tor seats in the Senate irom Aik.ui^as
at tiie lir.st se-oion of this Congies*.
TARIFF 33TLL.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tiie committee of con-
ferenceon the disagi eeing votes of the two Houses j
upon the amendments to the bill (H. It. No, 41)1) I
to increase duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses, after full and free conference, have agreed
upon a report which is signed by all the members
of the committee of both branches. The report
can be read by the Secretary, if desired, or I can
answer any questions that Senators may feel dis-
posed to ask me in reference to it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
give us an account of the state of the bill. We
can never understand it by merely hearing the
action on the various amendments by their num-
bers read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The report is volumin-
ous; a great many of the amendments were merely
veibal, and none of very serious importance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the reading
of the report at large desired by any Senator?
The Chair hears no request for it; the reading
will be dispensed with.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer any ques-
tion with pleasure.
Air. JOHNSON. Flow is it with our amend-
ment in regard to the duty on railroad iron?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment was
agreed to by the House of Representatives and
therefore is not in the report of the committee of
conference. I suppose my friend from Rhode
island wished to know in regard to the exception
of law cotten.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wished to make that in-
quiry.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It stands as the Senator
desires.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to ask how
bi imstonc stands.
Mr. FESSENDEN, The Senate recede from
that amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. And clove stems?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The two points to which
the Senator's questions relate were of some con-
sequence. 'Die Senate made a very large in-
eieascin the duty on sulphur. From thatamend-
ment the Senate recede and the committee on the
part of the Senate felt obliged to iccede. My
honorable friend from New York, [Mr. Harris,]
who moved to put on the additional duty, was
convinced by the facts which appealed before the
committee of conference that it would not be wise
to put on a larger duty than was imposed by the
House of Repiesentatives. The icason is that
Hulphur enters into the composition of an im-
mense number of articles, all the acids, &c., be-
sides being used very largely in manufactures.
The icsult would be that if we made the change
proposed by the Senate we should have to go over
the bill and remodel it in many particulars, and
not only that, but have to impose additional du-
ties on a great number of articles with regard to
which we had not the necessary information to
act, and it is so late in the session that we cannot
think of doing that. These views were sattsfae-
toiy to my honomble fuend from New York.
With regard to myself, ! was before of opinion
that we could not properly do more than double
the present duty, which was done by the House
bill.
With reference to the spices, the Senate recede
to a certain extent. A small additional duly is
imposed, I think about five centsa pound on most
of them, on some a little more. Cloves are put
at twenty per cent, additional and clove stems at
ten, which wavs all we supposed they could bear.
The other spices were raised about in propoition;
nutmegs a little more. Nutmegs stood before at
thuty cents; the House of Representatives pro-
posed seventy-five; the committee fix them at
fifty.
My friend from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] asks in
regard to cutlery. 1 only remember that the
subject was not before the committee of confer-
ence, and hence whatever action was in regard to
it, it was concurred in by the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Air. FOSTER. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator how the duty on salt is regulated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The duty on salt is not
exactly as either House proposed. It is fixed at
twenty-four cents a hundred pounds in sacks and
eighteen cents in bulk.
The report was concurred m.
MESSAGE FKOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mi. jYIcPiieiison, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 446) to reg-
ulate prize proceedings and the distribution of
prize money, and for other purposes.
The message furtherannounced thattheHouse
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (*No. 438) to amend an
act entitled " An act to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mil-
itary, and other purposes,'' approved July 1,
1862, asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsylvania, Mr.
C. Cole of California, and Mr. J. W. McClurg
of Missouri, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill of the House (No. 411) to encourage im-
migration, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. E. B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr.
W. Window of Minnesota, and Mr. J. E. Eng-
lish of Connecticut, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to
the joint resolution of the House (No. 11) in re-
lation to the claim of Carmack and Ramsey,
asked a confcrencc on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
W. S. Hoi.man of Indiana, Mr. J. B. Aj.lfy of
Massachusetts, and Mr. R. B. Van Valken-
burgii of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
RAILROAD TO TIIE PACIFIC.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 438) to amend an act
entitled " An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, roili-
tai y, and other purposes," approved July 1,1862,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives, and
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon it* amendment
to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Itepiesema-
tivex, and agree to the continence a>ked by the llou-e on
the disagreeing vote-5 of the two Houses thereon.
Ot/ktcdf That the conferees on the pait of the Senate be
appointed !>> the Pi evident pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Harlan, Mr. Foster, and Air. Conness.
NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the same subject-matter to
which I alluded before; the so-called report made
by the Senator from New Hampshire [Air. Hale]
from the select committee on naval supplies. 1
intimated to the Senate when I was on the floor
befoie that I was taken entirely by surprise by
the icport having been made when it was made.
As I understand, no report on the subject was to
be made until to-morrow morning when the view3
of all the members of tiie committee could bo
submitted together. The Senator from New
Hampshire and myself have had a conversation
oil this subject, and he asserts that he understood
he was to be permitted to put in his repot t this
morning, and that the views of the Senator from
Pennsylvania- [Mr. Buckalew] and my own
views were to be submitted to-morrow morning.
With this assurance of the Senator, I foibear to
make any further statement on the subject, as
the Senator has a'greed to withdraw the report for
| the present, there having been a misunderstand-
t ing on the subject, and to-morrow morning the
| views of the different members of the committee
j will be presented together with the bill upon
j which the committee have agreed.
; Air. HALE. I was not in when the Senator
fiom Wisconsin first spoke on this subject, but
it was lepoited to me that lie said I was not
authorized to make any such report from-the
committee. The reportis the report of the com-
mittee; but I have no choice whether it be made
to-day or to-morrow, and therefore I move that
it be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to take up the bill
(El. K. No. 406) supplementary to an act entitled
