1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
^ Senator put in writing- How many Senators are
there who pot m writing deliberately and read fo
the Senate their opinions upon questions? Is it
not debate? It is not, to be sure, laid upon the
desk.
Mr. MORRILL. If my colleague .will allow
me, he does notquite comprehend my distinction.
I did not intend to draw a distinction between
words written and wordsspoken; butmy distinc-
tion was between words spoken in debate on a
subject before the Senate and woids spoken with-
out a subject. That is the distinction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I only alluded to it to
explain the grounds of my difference. How often
do we rise here to make personal explanations?
"Whatever is admitted as a matter of speech m this
Senate or as matter of writing, all comes within
the privilege of debate, in my judgment. I think,
therefore, we can make no distinction between
what is said in the heat of argument,and what is
deliberately written and read to the Senate, and
what is placed in the shape of resolutions and laid
on the desk—men have different modes of accom-
plishing that purpose—or whether it is pertinent
to the question under debate, or whether it is im-
pertinent, using that word in no offensive sense.
That being the case, therefore,! take this to be
debate. The Senator from Kentucky has chosen
to say certain things; and he will allow me to
say, without meaning to offend him at all, that I
think he has said many things in these resolutions
that are not founded in fact; I think lie has said
many things intemperately, many things in bad
taste, and many things that at some future day
when he comes to read them over he will be very
likely to be sorry for. But, sir, that makes no
difference after all. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire has well said that we cannot'
undertake to judge of men's opinions-by our own
in the fii st place, and we cannot undertake to bring
men in debate to ourstandaid.
The rule is a wise one, infinitely wise, and lies
at the foundation of all our proceedings and all
our libei ties in reality as legislative bodies, that
we shall not be questioned outside of the Chamber
for what we say inside of the Chamber. I agree
with what was said by my colleague. I think that
inside the Chamber we have a right to punish im-
proprieties in words and acts. There is no doubt
about that; butSenatorsmnstreflectthat it would
be extiemely dangerous to begin to apply that
rule upon a commentary on the Government. Of
all things in the world, however much it might
offend me, however much I might disagree with
the sentiments that were propounded, whatever
they were, the last point I would seize upon for
punishment of any kind or description would be
free, unlimited commentary upon the acts of the
Government in power, the Executive, or the au-
thorities of the United States. Sir, everything
depends upon the fact that we here, in this legis-
lative llall or iu theother, or in both, shall, when
we choose, have the privilege entirely and per-
fectly to rise in our places and express, in as
strong terms as we can, within the limits of par-
liamentary language and propriety, our disappro-
bation of anything and everything, if wechoosc
to express it, that is done by the- President or his
Cabinet, or anybody who is in the administra-
tion of executive power. It is the great safeguard
against corruption. It is a thing that ought not
to lie limited in any shape; and we ought toleave
any Senator or any Representative who tran-
scends the proper limits, to the judgment of the
country and the judgment of ^he opinion of those
about him. If he goes beyond the proper limits
of parliamentary propriety, if he exposes himself
to those rules which have been laid down as proper
to govern all legislative bodies, he must take the
consequences; but for what he says—I mean the
nature of what he says—whether true or false,
whether slanderous or otherwise, especially upon
the Government, we ought to be the last persons
in the world to attempt eithoi to restrain or to
punish him. lie may make great mistakes. He
may be very unjust. I think the Senator from
Kentucky has been and is unjust; and more than
that, 1 think, in these resolutions he is ungener-
ous m many things. I have a right to rise m my
place and say so. J can comment upon him with
as much freedom as I choose, always keeping my-
self within the limits of which I have spoken.
We must meet these thingu Itere ,and not attempt
in any degree to stifle the clear, decided, vigorous
expression of disapprobation of anybody and
everybody connected with public, affairs.
That is the nature (if I have not misread them)
of these resolutions. I need not say that I do
not approve of them. I need not say, perhaps,
that I think thevare in a great degree almost en-
tirely unfounded, that they are fallacious, calcu-
lated—I will not say designed—to deceive; a stump
speech, in point of fact, and of a very violentarrd
a very inexcusable character. That i§ my opinion;
but nevertheless I would cot restrain the Senator
from Kentucky or any other Senator. I support
the Administration. I uphold it. I respect it. Jam
ready to sustain it. I helped to put it into power.
Up to this point I have stood by it,and I expect
to stand by it hereafter. But, sir, if I cannot de-
fend it against any attacks which the Senator from
Kentucky or any other Senator on this floor may
choose to make, then he must have the advantage
of me, and he should be allowed to go out to the
country and obtain allthe advantages he can on
that account.
It is by attempting in any Way to limit such a
free expression, that, we, in fact, as some gentle-
man has said, make a confession of our weakness,
or the weakness of our friends, which 1, for one,
am not prepared to make for a single instant. I
am ready to meet these resolutions if they ever
come to an argument on this floor; that is, ifl have
time and feel like doing it. I certainly have not
much inclination to talk here if I can avoid it;but
I ically am of opinion that such is their charac-
ter, they are so bitter, so unjust, so partial, so vio-
lent, so unreasonable in their charges upon the
Government, that if it hod not been for thisdebate
that has sprung up upon them, they would have
fallen like a mere dead letter and sunk into com-
plete oblivion, even if backed up by a three days,
speech by the honorable Senator from Kentucky;
and lie certainly could notgeXthrough in less time
than that, from the length of the resolutions, if he
discussed all of them.
Under these circumstances, therefore, holding
to the^e ideas with reference to the matter, as I
do not believe mid cannot sec- by any fair con-
struction of the language that the Senator has
called upon the people of the country to oppose
the laws or do anything of an illegal character, 1
cannot vote for his expulsion. I hold to the largest
liberty of comment upon this Administration and
every Administration, and have indulged in it my-
self and mean tohohlitas longas I remain amem-
ber of any legislative body. If my friends over
on the other side of the Chamber get into power,
I have no doubt they will afford me ample occa-
sion to comment in the severest terms upon pretty
much everything they do; it has always been the
case heretofore. I desire to retain that privilege,
and not to say that anybody shall be ccnsured for
it. Let thecensurecome from the people; letthe
censin e come fi om public opinion if a man abuses
his place and makes unfounded charges and at-
tempts to pervert the people from a true and cor-
rect judgment of the acts of their rulers. 1 there-
fore revert precisely to what I said in the first
plnre—I am sorry to have talked even so long on
the subject—that I shall vote both against the
resolution of expulsion and the resolution of cen-
sure. However censurable in a private point of
view I might tlnnk the Senator, lam not prepared
to set so bad an example here. As my friend from
New Hampshire has said,bewarcof thefirststop;
bewaie of the beginning; set not so evil an exam-
ple. If we suppoit this thing, we may find our-
selves very soon traveling m a downward road,
when perfect freedom of speech m this Chamber
cannot be exercised without having the heavy
hand of a majoiiry placed upon it, putting some-
thing upon the record by way of censuie. Cen-
sure, in my judgment, should come from another
quarter.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mi. SUMNER. 1 move that the Senate now
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will with-
draw tliat motion I desire to have an executive
session for a f<>w moments.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; I will withdraw it.
KXCCUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration ot executive busi- ;
ness; and after some tirrip spent tliereirt, the doors |
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned. I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIYES.' ,
Wednesday, January 27,1864. .
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and appro
CORRECTION.
Mr. UPSON. Mr. Speaker,I find in the Globe
that I am reported as having Assented frofyfthe
report of the Committee of Elections in the' case
of Joseph Segar, from Virginia; that is a mistake,
as it wns the case o'f Mr. Field, from Louisiana,
to which I leferred.
PORT TOWNSEND.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, presented the me-
morial of the Legislative Assembly of the Terri-
tory of Washington, asking that PortTownsend,
in said Territoiy, be made a port of entry; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ROUTIfl BETWEEN WASHINGTON AND NEW YORK.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
; presented the following joint resolutions of the
| State of Maine; which were referred to the select
J committee on the subject, and ordered to be
; printed:
j RTATF OP MAINE.
• Resolves lelating to the inadequate facilities for travel and
. transportation of troops between New York and Wash-
j ington.
j Whereas the facilities for convenient and expeditious
i travel and tiansportation of troops between the cities of
. New York and Washington, and especially between New
Yoik and Philadelphia, hi c at present notoriously inconve-
1 nient and inadequate• Therefoie,
Resolved, Thaioui Senator and Representatives in Con-
' giess lit; lequcbted to uigo upon the attention of Congress
! the importance of making immediate provision for such an
I ineiea^e in said facilities as the public wants and the exi-
! gencies of the Government imperatively demand.
! llebolvt'd, Th.tt the secretuiy of state be requested to for-
] waul a copy or' these resolves foeaeh of our Senators and
j Representatives in Congas.
; In the House of Representatives, January 21,1864. Read
! and passed.
| NELSON D1NGLEY, Jr., Speaker♦
I In Senate, January 22, 1864. Read and passed,
j GEORGE B. BARROWS, President.
\ January 22.1864. Approved:
j ' SAMUEL CONY.
Statu.' op Maine,
Office ok Secretary of State,
Augd&ta, January, 1864.
T hereby certify that the foiegomg is a true copy of the
original, as deposited in this office.
EPilRAfM FLINT, Jr.,
Secretary of State,
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the unfinished business of yesterday,
which was the consideration of the amendments
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on House bill No. 156, to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1864.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PENDLETON. I appeal to my colleague
on the Committee of Ways and Means to with-
draw the demand fur the previous question, in
order that I mny move an amendment agreed to
by that committee this morning.
Mr.STEVENS, i withdrawitforthatpurpose.
The Clerk read, as follows:
To defray expenses incuned m the rinsing, equipping,
tiaif-poiintion, and subsistence of minute men and volun-
teer- in Pennsylvania, Mai jl.md, Ohio, Indiana, Kentucky,
Iowa, and Mi^onti, to lepel tebel raid, $10,000,000. to be
settled upon pioper vouchers in be tiled and passed upon
by 1 lie piopei accounting officers of the Tiea&ury: Provided,
T'lai m deteimmiug the claim? to be allowed under this
i act the same puneiplec, rules, and iemulations shall be ob-
! solved by the accounting officers in auditing said expenses
i a< have been applied to the c laims allowed to States, under
! the aet appioved July 27, ISG1, eutitb d "An act to indem-
• nify ilie States foi expenses inclined by them in defenseof
j tlio United States/
| Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
J point that that amendment is not m order, for the
! leason that it makes an appiopnation,cxnd must,
under the rules, hove its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. PENDLETON. Does the gentleman ob-
ject to it?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do for
reasons wrli known to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
