1864.
THE COMPRESSION A L GLOBE.
" An act to grant pensions," approved July 14,
1862.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that motion will not
prevail, and for a reason which I shall proceed to
state. Last year, at the time that General Lee
invaded Pennwylvama, the President of the United
States issued his proclamation calling for emer-
gency men for the occasion to repel that invasion.
That was followed by the proclamation of the
Governor of Pennsylvania calling on the people
of that State to furnish a certain number of men
for the same purpose. There was no provision
made at that time to pay those troops; but pa-
triotic citizens and institutions of the State, the
banks especially, came forward and advanced the
money on the express agreement made with the
Secretary of War that the proper appropriation
should be made by Congress in order to refund
and repay them the money actually advanced.
The House of Representatives have passed a bill
for that purpose, and it is now before the Senate,
and has been for some time. I desire that that
bill be taken up. I do not think it will piovoke
debate, because there is no difficulty about the
accounts; the money has been paid; theaccounts
have been filed in the proper office here and aud-
ited by the proper officers, and there is no pos-
sible dispute about that part of the case. I de-
sire an opportunity to talce up that bill, and I
think the Senate ought to grant mc that privilege.
I have not been in the habit of delaying the ac-
tion of the body either by long-winded speeches
or by captious objections to anything; and I
think now that I ought to be entitled to this priv-
ilege. Certainly, coming from the State we do,
representing three million people, my colleague
and I together have taken up less of the time of
this body than those who represent States not
larger than one of our counties.
Mr. POSTER. The State which I have the
honor in part to represent certainly is not nearly
as large as that represented by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and his claims as representing so
large a population are undoubtedly worthy of
greatconsiderdtion. 1 do not know that his other
remarks in regard to the reticence which he and his
colleague have observed during the session reflect
anymore severely upon my colleague and myself
than upon members from other States; and 1 do
not know under the circumstances, although our
State is smaller, that I am not entitled m this in-
stance to just about the same consideration that
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvaniais. But
if I were not, and if this question stood with ref-
erence to the interest of Pennsylvania alone, I
make bold to say, in the presence of the Senatuis
from that State, that the bill winch I have moved
to take up concerns that very State more than
the bill which the honorable Senator urges. There
are more maimed brave men whom my bill will
relieve belonging to Pennsylvania than there are
men who cannot afford to wait that will be relieved
by his bill. There are more widows and orphans
in Pennsylvania whom my bill will relieve than
there are who will be gladdened by the passage
of his. The State.of Pennsylvania is a great
State, a powerful State, and she has sent her hosts
to this war; few States, perhaps none, have sent
more men than Pennsylvania. The bill which I
now ask the Senate to take up proposes to pro-
vide for those who have been maimed in this war,
and for the widows and children of the men who
have died, and who have been left houseless and
penniless. I know it will not provide for them
as much relief as 1 would be glad to provide, but
still it will provide some. The bill as proposed
to be amended by the Committee on Pensions
does not propose to go as far as the original
House bill; but it goes so far that there are fifteen
thousand cases pending before the Pension Bu-
reau which it will enable to be relieved.
Mr. BUOKALEW. 1 desiie, with the Sena-
tor's poi mission, to make a lemaik.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKALEW. It will be a great pity if
we waste our time m debating the order in which
business shall be transacted. I think shere is
time to pass both these biils; and as the Senator
who has the floor made his motion first, I think
the better mode of proceeding would he to take
up ins bill and pass it, and then take up the other
bill, and e;rt both through without wasting time.
AJr. FOSTER, i can accede to the suggestion
luadily, and I will also say that this bill has been
up and has been amended, so that I think we can
pass it without much more discussion.
Mr. COWAN. When the Senator from Con-
necticut made his motion, i had no idea of the
kind of bill he wished to take up. I could not
hear what he said. I did not know whether it
was a general bill or a private bill. I have yielded,
I think at least half a dozen times heretofore to
other gentlemen to bring up their bills; and I de-
sire now to say that 1 shall insist hereafter that
at least some portion of the time of the Senate
shall be devoted to the consideration of business
in which 1 am interested.
The motion of Mr. Foster was agreed to; and
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 406) sup-
plementary to an act entitled "An act to grant
pensions," approved July 14, ]8G2, was resumed
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FOSTER. When the bill was under con-
sideration before all the amendments reported by
the Committee on Pensions were adopted except
the last, and the question is now on its adoption.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,tMr. Pomerqy
in the chair.) The pending amendment will be
read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to insert the following as an additional section:
Jlnd be il further enacted, That the widows and children
of colored soldiers who have boon, or who may bo here-
altetykilled, or who have died or may hereafter die of
wounds received m battle, or who have died or may here-
after die of (Urease eoiiuai. ted in the military .service of the
United State*, and in the hue of duty, shall be entitled to
receive the pensions now provided by law, without other
proof of mat iingc than th.it the parties had habitually ree-
ogniioed each othci a? man and wile, and lived together
a* <-ueh for a definite penod, not less than two >eai-, tobe
shown by the .Uhduvits of eiedible witnesses: Prondci',
That If such patU<-«- lesideil m any t?t<ite m which their
mairiagc may have been legally solemnised,the usual evi-
dence shall be required.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER. There is one amendment re-
ported by the committee which I feel it my duty
to move a reconsideration of. It is the amend-
ment striking out the fourth section of the bill.
Perhaps, however, it will be better to wait until
the bill gets into the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to reserve from the gen-
eral vote of concurrence the amendment which I
have indicated.
The other amendments were concurred in.
The excepted amendment was to strike outthe
fourth section, as follows:
Sec. 4. Andhcit farther enacted, That section twelve
of the act to grant pensions, approved July 14, J8G2, id
hereby tepeaied. And the Commissioner of Pensions is
authorized and empowered to detail, from tunc to time,
clerks in his office torn vesicate suspected attempts at fraud
on the Government through the Pension Oflice, and to aid
in prosecuting any persons so offending, with such addi-
tional compensation as is customary incases of special
service.
Mr. FOSTER. The committee reported that
it was advisable to strike out that section; but the
Commissioner of Pensions is very decidedly of
opinion that the section ought to remain. He
thinks that the appointment of an agent which
costs the Department some $2,500 a year in salary
and expenses can be dispensed with, not only
without detriment but perhaps with advantage to
the office, because the cierks who discover the
frauds m the documents before them can more
readily detect those concerned in them than a
third person who is not conversant with them.
By non-concurring m this proposed amendment
j' the bill will be left m this respect as it rame from
jj the otfier House, which I am satisfied will be bet-
;i ter than to strike out the section.
j] The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose this amend-
ment to come m at the end of the seventh section: j
That in all ca<r s of second mauiage the «ame constiuc- '
turn ^iinil be given to !lie X,ivy as given to llli- Anny |
pension law ; ami dt\ ore e lor Mull ot tin: husband ^hall be
no bar to the claim ol any applicant tt she be otherwise
entitled.
I have consulted with the Senator from Iowa
who is familiar with tins question,and heseesno
objection to the amendment. I did not under-
stand the subject quite well enough to frame the .
amendment to my entire satisfaction, and so I :
left it to him. 1 think it is right. 1 will state ]
II what it is to piovide for. j
II la Army pension cases, if the widow marries i
her pension is suspended during the coverture,
but in the case of the death of her second husband
so that she becomes a widow again, her pension
is restored to her; but that provision does not ex-
tend to the case of Navy pensions given to wid-
ows. In the case of aNavy pension toawidow,
if she marry again her pension is gone forever,
and even if her second husband should die she
has not the benefit of a restoration of the pension
as in the case of an Army pensioner.
The latter part of the amendment is to provide
for those cases both in the Army and Navy where
the widow havingmarried again becomes afemme
sole by divorce from her second husband for the
fault of her husband. It seems to me to be an
equitable right, and I can see no objection to the
provision.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 think there should be uni-
formity, but I doubt whether it be advisable to
change the law so that after a widow becomes a
widow the second time she should be restored to
the pension list as before. I think the law is pretty
liberal in providing for the widow while she re-
mains a widcrw, the presumption being that if she
marries again her support will be otherwise pro-
vided for. The death of her second husband or
her subsequent divorce I do not think should re-
store her to the pension list. There may be good
reasons in some cases why it should be done, and
there may be equally good reasons why in other
cases it ought not to be done. I doubt whether
we should improve the law by the alteration.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The number of cases in
the Navy is exceedingly small as compared with
the Army cases, and I cannot see why the same
rule should not apply to both. It may be that
this privilege ought not to be given to a widow in
the case of an Army pension, but if it ought to
be, then clearly it ought to be in the case of the
Navy pension also.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very important to settle
this question first as to what the law now is in re-
gard to military pensions. If the Senator from
Indiana is right in that regard, I think his amend-
ment is manifestly proper. My friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Pensions, seems to en-
tertain a doubt on the subject as to whether that
is the law or not.
Mr. DAVIS. That is the law. I have ex-
amined itand 1 have had it executed many a time.
Mr, FOSTER. In all cases of our private bills
we always say that we grant a pension to the
widow for sucli an amount to continue during her
widowhood. Incuse of her remarriage that pen-
sion stops, and ill case of the death of her hus-
band it does not revive.
Mr. GRIMES. That applies to pensions that
are granted by special act of Congress, but they
are as one sand on the sea-shore in comparison
with the number that are granted under the gen-
eral law. If it be true that under the general law
a widow who is entitled to a pension and is draw-
ing it, and marries again and again becomes a
widow, is then entitled to the renewal of her pen-
sion, it seems to me the same ri^e ought to apply
in the Navy.
Mr. FOS l'ER. It is very certain that whether
the law be so now or not, such a provision as this
introduced by the Senator from Indiana would be
inconsistent with this bill, the sixth section of
which provides:
That 011 the remarriage of any widow receiving a pen-
sion, Mich pension shall terminate, andbhali not be renewed
should she again become a widow.
The amendment would be inconsistent, there-
fore, with the body of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. That settles it.
Mr. FOSTER. I think the amendment ought
! not to prevail.
j Mr. HENDRICKS. I had not noticed that
' provision of the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 think if such a construction
has been put upon the law it is a vicious one, and
( this law wilt correct it.
| Mr. HENDRICKS. If the committee insist
upon that change with respect to that class of
pensioners, of course I do not intend to interfere
with what the chairman of the committee thinks
is right.
Mr. FOSTER. I do think it right,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
