1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
sort of difficulty, I am content with the decision
that is to he come to by the Senate.
But, sir, I cannot close the remarks which I
have to make on this subject without calling the
attention of my honorable friend from Illinois,
* for whom i hnve not only great rfcspect but very
strong personal regard, as he knows, to the in-
justice which his words, I hope not his thoughts,
do to gentlemen who are his associates in this
body and sitting on the same side of the Chamber.
It is not the first time that from him and from
some others in the Senate we have had intima-
tions of precisely the same character, imputing a
dereliction of duty and a dishonesty of purpose to
those who are associated with him in this body.
His wordy admit of no other construction.
Here is a great question pending; a question
the transcendent importance of which I feel and
admit as much as he does; a question that I beg
leave to say to him 1 take as much interest m as
he does. I have felt and said fiom the beginning,
and for a longer period than this subject has been
in this body, that in my opinion the only remedy
for this great evil was an amendment of the Con-
stitution. Such have been my opinions ail along;
they are so now. But what does my honorable
friend say? I will not impute, said he, to all the
'gentlemen who vote to lay aside this question
and take up another, that they are opposed to this
amendment of the Constitution now under con-
sideration, but I do impute to them an indiffer-
ence upon the subject, a want of heart in it, a
want of zeal in it—those were not his words, but
his ideas—such as I feel and such as others feel.
Sir, at different times in the Senate, when some
gentlemen hesitated upon a measure on the ground
of its constitutionality, whether it was not an in-
fringement on the Constitution which we are
sworn to support, we have had intimations made
that we weie rolling constitutional logs m the
way of the Government; and made, too, some-
times by gentlemen to whom probably it could
not be imputed that they would evei lull a con-
stitutional log or raise a constitutional objection
on any occasion. Sir, what wo choose to say
and what we choose to do in the course of our
duty reitronly ought to be looked upon with ivf- ;
(renec to our general characters and our general
action with regai d to these great questions, with-
out (he.se constant imputations in this sideway
manner of a want of zjmI and earnestness in the
great cause which we all favor.
Sir, 1 do not yield to my honomblo fiiend in
zeal and earnestness for the passage of thin juint
resolution which is now under consideration m 1
the Senate; and I think it is particularly unkind ij
and partieulaily unjust in him, because 1, in the !>
discharge of my duty and m the belief that that [j
duty requires it, choose to make a motion when '[
I think the time is pressing, when I think the ]j
subject under debate may go on for days—we do |j
not know how long—and perhaps for weeks—we ':
cannot tell—to give me a day upon a bill which ;l
I deem to be impoitunt, to be passed now in the '!
Senate, to impute to me that because I make this
motion thetcfore I am imhifeu-nt and 1 have no |
zeal and earnestness m the^reat object which the |j
Senator is tiying to accomplish. 1 put it to him,
isjt jus&or gi nerous to those who aie associated ii
with him to try to convey that sort of impression 'i
to the country that he and his friends are better ;j
than we aie because he is for pushing this meastne !'
on? :
Why, sir,it was only last week that the honor- .
able Senator from Maryland [Air. Johnson"] took |
the floor on this hill} but it was not con vt nsenf to ''
him to speak on Friday, and he tlwiofoie moved ii
that it be postponed till Monday, two days. The '!
honorable Senator from Ulmoisdid not object on 1
account of the time. He acceded to it. He let '
two days go over, and merely for the purpose of [
accommodating an individual Senator. There ®
was no imputation then upon anybody. Why
is it made now ?
I have said this in all candor and in all kind- ,,
ncss to gentlemen who peihans may think they !
are more /.talons and ardent in what they deem !
fo be a ^reatmatterthan others, in orderthat they 'i
shouid make all allowances for the peculiar (if 1
you please to call it so) organization of men and
of different minds, and be willing to admit that'
although they may have a largei quantity of that ''
kind of patnotism, yet that we honesify exertall
we have and that we do feel ju.st as much intci- ii
est in this great question as they do, although
we may vote to postpone its consideration for a
day or two.
Sir, I have felt it my duty to say thus much,
for I do not like to rest under such imputations,
especially coming from a quarter which I so
highly respect as 1 do anything that comes from
my honorable friend fi^rn Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL.. I certainly tried, when I
was up before, to be very careful not to say any-
thing that should impute any wrong opinions to
any one. Of course, it is known to everybody
that there are some members of this body who
are opposed to amending the Constitution so as
to abolish slavery. Several Senators have avowed
their opposition to any such amendment. When
I said that others would vote to postpone this
measure in order to take up another, lew11 might
be misunderstood, I took the pains to say at the
time that 1 did not impute to them hostility to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you did impute in-
difference.
Mr. TRUMBULL, 1 believe that many of
those who will vote to postpone this measure, if
we can get a vote upon if, will vote, for this joint
resolution. If I did not think so, I ceitamly
should not try to keep it before the Senate, be-
cause you cannot pass it by a two-thirds vote with-
out their votes. But I thought they did not es-
timate the impoitance of it and of its going with
a strong indorsement of the Senate,and with the
heaity concurrence of the Senate, to the people,
as much as some others did. 1 thought that vot-
ing to take up other business in the place of it
showed a sort of indifference to this, which it
seemed to me ought not to be manifested toward
it. I was trying to satisfy those fnends wall
whom I act that it was important if this measure
was to pass at all that it should seem to have the
hearty and earnest cooperation of everybody who
was friendlyAo it; and that postponing it for other
measuies would give a diifeient appeaiancc to
the countiy. 1 did not do that for the purpose
of impugning anybody's motives; but, so far from
that, I took pams to say that I helieud they were
perhaps for it as much as 1 am, and may be as
earnestly for it ns I am; but I think, if the Sena-
tor from Maine will allow me to say it, that the
elfect upon the country of postponing it is to show
that the Senate is not very much in earnest about
it. That is the consequence of the vote—I will
not say that Senators menu that—and I tucd in
the few remarks I made to the Senate to impress
upon S  natois the importance of acting upon it;
1 tm-d yesteidny also to impiess upon them Un-
importance of acting upon it as n saving of time;
but Senators may think there is no lb ice in the
suggestions thai I make. To me ihey seem to
have much fojee, and thetcfore I insist on them.
Mr. TEN RYCK. I do not know, sir, that I
have failed during the time, 1 have had the honor
of a seat on this floor in sustaining the chaii man
of the Committee on Finance in getting up his
measures whcn«'vei*theie has been a motion of
this kind nuuh . 1 think 1 have uniformly voted
to take up the appioprmtion bills, because I know
and feel how hnpoitant n is that they should be
passed. Without their passage within appro-
priate periods of time, the wheels ot Government
must stop. 1 do not, however, consider that it
is indispensably m cessary that the bill which it
is now sought to take up should be passed this
day or perhaps to-morrow. Without intending
to trench at all upon w hat .may be eom-ddeied the
prerogative of the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, v/ho has chaige of the joint icso-
lution now befoie us, perhaps [ may be allowed
to say that for the last five yeass there has hardly
a day or a week passed in this body in which the
subject-matter involved in that joint tesolution
has not been before this body in some shape or
other, either in the shape of speeches for or
against, or in the shape of bills or resolutions,
some of which i have thought weie inexpedient
and others expedient, some of which 1 have
thought were legal and others illegal, and many,
if not the most of which, I ba\c thought were ill-
timed and misjudged.
But now, sir, when we have arrived at this
point, when we can submit to^the people of this
country fairly and squarely for their decision and
determination the question of the abolition of sla-
very by a constitutional amendment, I am m favor
of holding on to that measure. No matter how
important the appropriation bills may be, I con-
sider this question as being a head and shoulders
above them all, coming in the shape in which
it does before Congress and the country; and as
I believe a firm adherence to the question now
before the Seriate, the continuance of it here will
exhaust but a little more of our time, and will,
by a proper degree of persistence, be brought to
a vote perhaps within the period of twenty-four
hours, I desire that that question may be contin-
ued before the Senate. It is in the shape in which
1 want it; it is in the shape in which I desire it;
it is a great measure which is to strike at this evil;
it proposes to tear it up root and branch, and in
a way pointed out by the Constitution itself. Such
being the importance of it, such beingthe import-
ance of our immediate action upon it that it may
be submitted to the Legislatures and to the people,
I, for one, without desiring to antagonize with any
one else upon any other measuie, desire that this
shall be kept contufuously before the country,
and that it shall be passed by a two-thirds vote
of this body.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Mr. President, nothing is
more natural than that each committee having
charge of a given subject-matter should feel the
impoitance of the measures pending before them,
and especially the chairman of the committee
who is charged with carrying them into execu-
tion. It is therefoie the must natural thing in the
world that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance should feel piesscd upon him from time
to time the importance of pushing through the
various measures which come from that commit-
tee, and so that the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary should feel this pressure also
upon him. I myself believe, and it is from that
conviction that I shall act in this case, that while
the financial measures are of course among the
most important measures that can come before
the body, tins measure which has already been
befoie the Senate from the Judiciary Committee,
which has been discussed, which I believe we
can close to-day and to-morrow, and give way ..
after that to the financial measures which are
pressed by the Finance Committee, is of para-
mount importance. 1 shall vote against post-
poning the matter which is now pending, and
which is before the Senate, and I would venture
to appeal to my honorable friend who has charge
of the measures of finance that he would consent
to an airangement or an understanding like this:
that to-day and to-morrow be devoted to this
measuie with the understanding that we close it
to-morrow. If it cannot he closed then, the ne-
cessity of the passage of the financial measures
whuh must pass will perhaps override, this meas-
ure. I feel myself the very great importance of
getting this out of the way. I think that we shall
sa\ e tim",we shall accomplish the purposes of both
these committees in eanymg through the meas-
ure icpiesented by my fnend from Illinois, and
can> nig t hrough the finance measure represented
by my fi lend 11om Maine. J t seems t o me it will
be a saving of time. 1 hope that the Senate will
take that view of it. Certainly in voting on this
motion I Wish my fiiend from Maine distinctly
to understand that mycouisein the future will
be as it has been m the past upon almost every
occas'on baldly without an exception; i expect
to vote as I have heretofore voted with him when-
ever he desires to take up the financial measures,
but, from my deep conviction that we might first
to dispose of the pending measure, 1 feel con-
strained on this occasion to vote against him.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not think theie is
any necessity for any such understanding as-tlie
Senator from Wisconsin desires. If wecanstop
men from talking, we can vote on this measure.
There is not a man in this body whose mind is
not made up upon it; there is not a man who by
making a speech expects to change a vote. Why
not go on, then, and vote, and stop tins eternal
talking on a subject that the Senate and the coun-
try have made up their minds about? If the
talking men will stop their talk, we can do tho
business which the country demands of us; un-
less they will, we cannot.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there can be an ami-
cable understanding about this matter, I shall be
glad. I hope Senators will do me the credit to
believe that I have only a desire to do my duty
in this matter. I must have the naval appropri-
ation bill disposed of by the Senate during this
