2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
that'waS to be said in opposition to it before I
should be called upon to reply.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no speech to
make. I am opposed to the passage of the bill,
and I should lilie to have the privilege of reading
that letter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn, and the Senator from Vermont is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. FOOT. I will ask the indulgence of the
Senate, Mr. President, for a short time, while I
may reply, as briefly as 1 may, to some points of
objection which have been urged against the pas-
sage of this bill, both by the Secretary of the In-
terior, in the letter which has been read in our
hearing, and by one or two members of the body
who have addressed the. Senate in opposition to
it, so far at least as to correct some errors of fact
into which they have fallen, inadvertently, no
doubt, and to remove, if possible, a strange mis-
apprehension in respect to the purport and ob-
jectand effect of the bill undei\consideration.
It has been made an objection to the passage of
this bill, in the first place, that its passage will
carr^ with it a sort of implied censure or rebuke
of the action of the Secretary of the Interior. I
remember that my honorable friend, the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Hkndricks,] very emphatic-
ally asked, "Why rebuke the Secretary of the
Interior.The simple answer to that inquiry is,
that nobody proposes or has proposed or thought
of proposing to rebuke the Secretary of the In-
terior. Nothingof the kind is intended. Nothing
of the kind can fairly be inferred from the bill
itself. Nothing of the kind, I undertake to say,
can be reasonably extorted from the character and
nature of the bill; and the Senator will allow me
to say, in all kindness, that I cannot regard it as
quite generous on his part to attempt to place me,
or the committee which I represent here, in an
attitude of apparent orsceming antagonism to the
Secretary of the interior, a gentleman for whoso
integrity of character I have n high respect, and
in the honesty of whose motives 1 have entire
confidence.
This is but an ordinary act of legislation, a
mere matter-of-fact business legislation, and not
one of unusual character by any means. Hut two
years ago the joint resolution to which the Sec-
retary refers in his letter, introduced by myself
and passed both branches of Congress, transfei red
the supervision of these works from the War De-
partment to the Department of the Interior. Was
that act regarded by anybody as carrying with
it an implied censure of the Secretary of War?
Sir, the idea was never thought of, much less was
it urged as an argument or a reason against the
transfer*
But besides, Mr. President, this bill, as amended
by recommendation of the committee and con-
curred in by the Senate, does not at all take from
nor in the slightest degree rtstnet the appellate
and supervising power and direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior over the official acts of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. It simply
assigns to the Commissioner of Public Buildings
the general personal superintendence of these
works instead of having it assigned, as now, to
a mere agent, a new or additional officer creaicd
by the Secretary of the Interior to act as his agent
in this matter.
The office of Commissioner of Public Build-
ings is itself a part or blanch of the Department
of the Interior, and nil its acts arc subject to the
general supervision and control of the Secretary
of the Interior. Iuuands upon the same footing
in relation to that Department as does the office
of Commissioner of Patents, or of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, or of the Com-
missioner of Pensions, or of the Commissionorof
Indian Affairs, all of whose acts are subject to
the official supervision and control of the'Secie-
tary of the Interior.
This bill does not remove fiom the Seeretaiy
of the Interior any appellate-and supervisory
control over the acts of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, as conferred upon him by the gen-
eral act of 1843, establishing^ Home Department,
or Department of the interior, as it is called, by
combining all these several offices under one gen-
eral head or Department. These are, indeed, but
different parts or branches of the Department of
the Interior, and constitute that Department. The
bill, therefore, so far from removing the general
supervision of these works from the control and
direction of the Department of the Interior, sim-
ply assigns it to a member of that Department, to
the head of a branch or bureau of that Depart-
ment, and whose official acts are at all times sub-
ject to the appellate and supervisory power of
the Secretary of the Interior. This objection is
therefore obviated by the bill as amended upon
the recommendation of the committee.
It is also said, rather by way of excuse or apol-
ogy for the appointment of this general super-
intendent than as an argument or reason for hav-
ing originally made it, and much less for its present
continuance, that the appointment was made by
the request and upon the recommendation of the
architect and the Commissioner, Mr. Walter and
Mr. French. What if it were so? Does that
preclude all action of Congress in the matter?
May we not inquire into and determine for our-
selves, nevertheless, whether this appointment
was demanded or called for by any considera-
tions of public interest or of public advantage as
connected with these works? Most assuredly
we may.
But, Mr. President, what is the fact relative to
these gentlemen having recommended this ap-
pointment? They never recommended or asked
for the appointment of the present superintendent.
The letter alluded to has been read, or, if not read,
its substance was stated by the honorable Senator
from Indiana when he was upon the floor on this
question some time ago, and it was this: in Au-
gust, 1862, as will appear from the date of that
letter, these gentlemen addressed a note to the
then Secretary of the Interior, Hon. Caleb B.
Smith, advising the appointment, of whom ? Not
the present superintendent, but advising the ap-
pointment of Mr. Edward Clark, then the archi-
tect of the Patent Office building, and a gentleman
of acknowledged high personal and professional
character. Mr. Smith, however, did not see fit
to make the appointment; probably for the reason
either that he had not, in his own judgment, the
authoiity to make such an appointment, or that,
if he hau, there was no necessity and no occasion
] for the creation of such an agency or superintend-
: ency. Either reason was abundantly sufficient.
Certainly if there was no authority for it in 1802
when Mr. Smith declined to make the appoint-
ment, there was none in 1863.when the appoint-
ment was made by Ins successor. If there was
no necessity and no occasion for such an appoint-
ment in 1862, when Mr. Secretary Smith declined
to make it, there was certainly none in 1863, when
the work had advanced still further toward the
point of completion, when the work was confined
to a comparatively small portion of the building,
and the force formerly employed upon it had been
greatly reduced.
But, sir, the practical question recurs, is there
any necessity, is there any occasion for the ap-
pointment of a general superintendent of this work
aside from and in addition to that general super-
vision and oversight which the architect, by virtue
of his office,and which the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings, by virtue of his office, would exer-
cise? If thete is, and if there be authority on the
pai t of the Secretary of the Interior to make such
an appointment, and if economy and efficiency in
the prosecution of these works require this agency,
let it stand; otherwise,lot it be discontinued,and
this item of four or live thousand dollars for sal-
aues be saved to the Government.
Again, it is urged as an objection to the pas-
sage of this bill and to the discontinuing of this
office of general" superintendent, that economy
and efficiency in the prosecution of the work have
been secured by it. That is a legitimate argu-
ment if it can be sustained by the facts. That is
really the practical question and the only practi-
cal question before us in the consideration of this
bill. Now,how is that fact ? Is it so? Is it true
that a greater economy and a greater efficiency in
the piosecution of these works have been secured
by the appointment of this superintendent, who
commenced the duties of that office now nearly a
year ago, the 1st of July, 1863? The Secretary
of the Interior says so; but upon what authority
docs he say it? Not from his own personal
knowledge, not from his own personal observa-
tion of the progress of these works from year to
year and from month to month and from day to
day; but lie makes that statement solely upon
the authority of the statement of his superintend-
ent, the person of all others most directly and
deeply interested in this very question now pend-
ing before us—interested, indeed, to magnify the
importance of the office which he holds, and above
all to magnify the importance and the value of his
own services. And what evidence docs he ad-
duce to you to show that under hisadministration
there has been a greater economy and efficiency
in the prosecution of these works than before?
Undoubtedly he would present the best case for
himself that the facts and circumstances would
admit of; and it is simply this: he makes an ex-
hibit in parallel columns of the quarterly dis-
bursements for the Capitol extension for the six
months immediately preceding his appointment,
that is, from the 1st of January to the 1st of July,
1863, and of the aggregate quarterly disburse-
ments for the six months immediately succeeding
his appointment, and comparing the two,he shows
in that way an excess of between eighteen and
nineteen thousand dollars of expenditure during
the first six months of his administration over
that of the preceding six months; and in the piean-
while that he had paid some two thousand three
hundred dollars more than had been paid the pre-
ceding six months for mechanical and otherlabor;
thus showing, as he says—and I will read his
own words, for I have a copy of his lettter ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Interior, I think
sometime in the month of January past and im-
mediately after the introduction of this bill into
the Senate
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate, and especially of my friend from Michigan,
to postpone the special order for the time being,
until, at any rate, I conclude my remarks.
Mr. HOWARD. I shall be happy to extend
any courtesy to my friend from Vermont, but I
suppose he will be able to assure the Senate that
he will not occupy much further time on this
question.
Mr. FOOT. I will not occupy much time. I
never do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection the special order will be temporarily
laid aside, and the Senator from Vermont will
proceed.
Mr. FOOT. After making this exhibit and
showing how much more had been expended in
the same length of time under his administration
than had been expended during the same period
immediately preceding his appointment, he says
this shows " an increase of expense and activity
in these branches!"
And the Senator from Indiana, upon this ex-
hibit that the present superintendent had expended
eighteen or nineteen thousand dollars during the
last six months of the last year more than had been
expended during the preceding six months, ex-
claimed, " Why supersede the present superin-
tendent when he shows you that he has expended
$18,GOO in six months more than had been ex-
pended the six months preceding, thus showing
that he had done just so much more work on this
building?" I admit, Mr. President, that the super-
intendent very clearly shows an " increase of ex-
penditure "fiom the appropriations for these build-
ings during his administration;'but it does not
appear quite so clear to my mind how itshows an
increased efficiency, or activity," as lie calls it,
in the prosecution of these works. That disco very
must be left to those whose keener optics will en-
able them to discover what is not apparent to or-
dinary observation. And yet the Secretary of the
Interior is pleased to accept this inference which
the superintendent draws from this exhibit, in-
conclusive and illogical as it is, as evidence of the
fact; that is, as evidence of an increased facility
and energy and vigor in the prosecution of these
works. It proves no such thing. The grand
result, comparing the amount of expenditure for
a given time with the progress of the work for
the same length of time, shows entirely the con-
trary.
Near the close of the last session of Congress
the House of Representatives, in their miscella-
neous appropriation bill, among other items, pro-
vided for an appropriation of §500,000 for the
