THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. ,
T^he amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on which a sep-
arate vote was not asked were severally read and
concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Provided, That no money hereby appropriated shall be
expended on the Cagitol extenssiun, or in continuing the
north wingt>f the "Treasury extension, beyond what may
Jje necessary to protect said buildings from injury.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I have a word to say before
the vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. It has been the usage for
the gentleman reporting a bill to be heard after
the main question has been ordered, but not after
the amendments of the Committee of the W hole on
the state of the Union have partly been voted upon.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous consent.
There was no objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the effect of this amendment,
which cuts off all appropriations for finishing the
work on the Capitol and Treasury extensions,
and only allows them to be covered in. I ask
whether it is any economy at all to dismiss the
artists and laboiers employed upon these grand
works now near completion, to dismiss them at
this season of the year to their distress and the
distress of their families, and with the fact staring
us in the face that they will have to be recalled
here at great expense when the work has to be re-
newed.
Now I will venture to say that there is no more
creditablc work to this or any other nation, to be
found anywhere, than this Capitol and the Tieas-
ury building are. * This Capitol is a model for all
buildings of the kind everywhere. And now it is
proposed to leave the dome of this Capitol unfin-
ished, a dome not inferior to that of any of the
cathedrals in Germany; and indeed I do not know
but that it exceeds them all. I think that motives
of humanity, national pride, and economy, all re-
quire that the amendment should be disagreed to,
and that the work should be allowed to go on. 1
thank the House for its indulgence.
The question on agreeing to the ninth amend-
ment was taken; and.it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 56, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. Al-
ley, Ames, Augustus C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Blaine,
Blow, Boutwcll, Brooks*, Clay, Ciavcns Dawes, Dcnuison,
Eden, Edgerton, ■Eldridjro, Farns worth, Firiek, Ganson,
Gnnnoll, Hall, Harding, Hamilton, HeuieU, Hoiman,
Asahel W. Uuhbard, John U. Hubbard, Kalhflehch, Kas-
80n, OrlandoKellogg, Ketnan,Lon<:, Lnugyear. McDowell,
McKinney, William U. Miller, Aumw Ms era, Noble, John
O'Neill, Oith,Piicc, Samuel J. Randall, Rogers, Scofiold,
Smnhcrs,Thayer, Van Valkenbui^h, Wad*«woith, Eldm B.
Waehburne, YVheeler, Joseph \V. While, Wilson, Win-
dow, Wnifield, and Fernando Wood—oG.
NAYri—Messrs. Allium, Anconn, Ashley, Baily, Baxter,
Boyd, Bramiegee, Broomall, James hL Brown, William U.
Brown,Cobb,Coifioth.Cole,Ilenrv Winter Davi*, Thomas
T. l)avH, Dawson, Dixon, Dngys, Eliot, Frank, Gaifield,
Gi is wold, Hale, Benjamin G. H.un<, Higby, Hooper, Hutch-
ing, Jenoke«, Kelley, Fianeis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Marey.
Maivin. McAllister, McClure, Melndoe, Samuel F. Miller,
Moorbead, Moriill, Daniel Morris, Jame-* R Morn-;, Moni-
son,Leonaid Myeis, Nelson,Noiton, Charles O'Neill,Pen-
dleton, Pomeiov, Radioul, Alexander II. Rice, John II.
Rice, Robinson, Edward II. Rollins,Ross, Sehenek, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stebbins, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stevens, Sule«=, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thom.ip, Tracy, Up^on, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, and Yea-
man—77.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, stated that Mr,
Lovejoy was confined to Ids room by illness.
Mr. HARDING stated that his colleague, Mr.
Giuder, was detained from his seat by business
of a pressing natuie.
Several members, who had not been within the
bar when their names were called, having asked
leave to vole,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, said: I will
not object, but I move that the rule requiring mem-
bers to be within the bar when their names are
called be rescinded.
Mr. PENDLETON. I make the point of order
that a motion to change the rules is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected; and also
move to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN called for a separate vote an
the eleventh amendment, as follows:
For repair of coal and landing wharf at Key West, to
erect a crane thereon, and cover the extension of the ma-
chine shop at that point, $10,000.
The Hou$e divided, and no quorum voting,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I suggest if that a letter,
which I understand to be in the hands of thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,] be read,
showing some responsibility for this appropria-
tion, I will withdraw the demand for a division.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. If the House
will permit me, 1 think I can satisfy it of the ne-
cessity for this appropriation. The amendment
was offered on the intimation of the Secretary of
the Navy that it was necessary to make this ex-
penditure at Key West, which is a favorite station
for our blockading squadron. The money is now
in course of expenditure, the works being all ne-
cessary for the convenience of the vessels of the
blockading squadron that touch there. I send to
the Clerk's desk a letter from the Secretary of
the Navy to be read.
The letter was lead, as follows:
Navy Department, January 26, 1864.
Sir: i have the honor to state to the Committee on Naval
Affairs that the sum of ten thousand dollars ($10,000) will
be required to repair the coal and landing wharf at Key
West, to erect a crane thereon, and to cover the extension
of the machine shop at that point; and as no estimates for
those objects have been submitted, and there are no appro-
priations lor them, to request that the amount named may
be appropriated in order to carry out those necessary re-
pahs and improvements.
Very respectlully, See.,
GIDEON WELLES, Secretary of the Navy.
Hon.A.II. Rice. Chahmanof Committee on Naval Affairs,
Home of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN. There having been no recom-
mendation read to the House from the head of the
Navy Department for this appropriation, I had
called for a division. As the Secretary of the
Navy says that the appropriation is necessary, I
withdraw the call.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engiossed and read
a third time; uiul being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly >ead the third time.
Mr. STEVENS moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 130, nays 4; as follow**:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Alli.-on, Ames,
Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin,
John D. Baldwin, Baxtei, Beaman, Francis l\ Blair, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Brook-, Bioomall, James S. Brown,
Fieoman Claike, Clay, Cobb, CofiVoth, Colo, Ciavens,
Thomas T. Uavis, Dawes, Daw .on, Denmson, Dixon,
Kekley, Eden, Edgeiton, Elditdge, Eliot, FaniMvoith,
Fmek, Frank, Ganson, GaiHcld, Hale, Hall, Hardin*, Har-
rington, llcmclc, Higby, Ilolmun. Hooper, Hoteliki« 5 A«a-
hel W. Hubbard. John H. liuhhaid, Hulburd, llutehms,
Jonekes, Kalbflei>eh, Kas.-oii, Kelley, Oilando Kellosc,
Kein.ui, Le Blond. Long, Longycai, Maiev, Marvin, Mc-
Allister, MeBnde,Medina:, Metndoe, M^Kmney, Samuel
F. Miller, William II. Miller, Mooihead, Moirill, Daniel
Morns, James R. Moms, Mortison, Amos Myers-, Leonard
Mjeis, Nels-on, Noble, Norton, Chailus O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Oith, Patteison, Pendleton. Peiham, Pomcroy,
Price. Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Roirers, Edward H. Rollins, Ross, Sehenek,Seofield,
Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stebbius,
John B. Steele, Wjlham G. Steele, Stevens, Stiouse,
Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Up>on, Van
Vaikenburgh, Yoorheos, Wad-worth,Elilni B. Wa«hhuine,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Joseph
W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom, Wintield,
Fernando Wood, Woodbiulge, and Yeaman—liiO.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Chanler, Stiles, and
Benjamin Wood—4.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FllOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secrctaiy, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment a bill (H. R. No. 33)
making appropriations for the payment of inva-
lid and other pensions of the United States, for
the year ending June 30,1865; also a bill (S. No. ^
GO) to increase the compensation of inspectors of
customs in certain ports; in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills,reported thattheyhad examined,and found -
truly enrolled, bills and resolutions of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same,
namely:
Joint resolution (S. No. 2) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Nathaniel
P. Banks and the officers and soldiers under his
command at Port Hudson;
Joint resolution expressive of the thanks of
Congress to Major General George G. Meade,
and Major General Oliver O'. Howard, and the
officers and soldiers of the army of the Potomac;
Joint resolution (S. No. 5) of thanks to Major
General Ambrose E.Burnside and the officers and
men who fought under his command;
Joint resolution (S. No. 14) presenting the
thanks of Congress to Cornelius Vanderbilt for
a gift of the steamship Vanderbilt;
A bill (S. No. 49) relating to the admission of
patients to the hospital of the insane in the Dis-
trictof Columbia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 33) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending June 30,
1865.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER announced, as the regular or-
der of business, the calling of committees for re-
ports, under which the question recurred on the
motion to recommit the resolution reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary to amend a joint
resolution explanatory of 14 An act to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes," approved July 17, 1862; on
which the gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Smith-
ers] was entitled to the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. KINNEY. Task the gentleman from Del-
aware to yield me the floor for the purpose of a
personal explanation.
Mr. SMITHERS. I do not like to be discourt-
eous, and I will yield the floor with the under-
standing that the time the gentleman occupies is
not to be taken out of my time, and that the gen-
tleman will occupy not more than ten minutes.
Mr. KINNEY. I rise to repel the attack mado
upon the people I represent, by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood] in his
speech yesterday. I should consider myself un-
worthy to represent that people were I to remain
silent and allow thataccusation, coming from the
source it does, to remain unanswered and unre-
pelled.
The gentleman was not discussing anything
which pertains to my Territory or constituents
when he descended fiom the legitimate argument
he was making upon a constitutional question be-
foie the House for the purpose of traveling clear
around into the Territory of Utah to attack aloyal
people. I say the gentleman had no right to do
this. If Utah had been before the House, or any
measures affecting its interests, then perhaps it
might have been germane for the gentleman to in-
dulge in this vindictive attack upon my Territory.
1 am sorry that 1 have been compelled to ask the
gentleman from Delaware [Mr. S&iithers} to
yield me the floor to reply to that part of the speech
of the gentleman from New Yoik.
Sir, 1 presume that this attack falls more harm-
less upon the ears of the country and the members
of this House than if U emanated from any other
source in this House.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Permit me to ask
the gentleman 
Mr. KINNEY. I have but a very few mo-
ments, and I am not disposed to yield the floor
for the purpose of answering any question.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. 1 desire aim-
PlJVtr. KINNEY. I decline to yield. The gen-
tleman introduced himself into this House by of-
fering a resolution declaring the present war to
be inhuman; and for that reason, and because of
the known political standing of the gentleman, his
kno wn sy mpathy with rebels against the best Go v-
