2396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
three years an absolute title to the premises; and
especially in times like these, it seems to me that
it would be improper to reduce the limitation all
along the line of ihis road to so brief a period.
This may be a very important proposition when
we come to apply it to property in the vicinity or
within the limits of Sacramento and San Fran-
cisco cities. Immense possessions may be passed
in this way frt>m the real owrtier, without one dime
of compensation, to this corporation. It seems
to me that it would be grossly wrong to permit
such a thing to take place, especially when there
are so many men in the Army and Navy of the
United States who have enlisted for the period of
three years and are not enabled to return to their
homes to take care of their private interests.
Mr. HOWARD. Tliis clause applies only to
the route of the Pacific railroad from the one hun-
dredth degree of west longitude to the western
boundary of the Territory of Nevada, and does
not apply to any case arising within the limits of
the State of California or any other State. 1 un-
derstood the Senator from Iowa to express the
idea that it would apply in a State. It does not.
Mr. HARLAN. In the clauses of the bill
authorizing other corporations to build roads,all
the rights, privileges, and immunities conferred
on the Union Pacific Railroad Company are con-
ferred on each of the other corporations, so that
if this is ah immunity or privilege conferred on
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, by the pro-
visions of the bill pertaining to the other corpo-
rations it would alike pertain to tliem.
Mr. HOWARD. ltisimpossiblc for the Con-
gress of the United States to give to a State cor-
poration any right, or faculty, or immunity that
it docs not possess under its charter, without the
consent of the State granting the charter; and it
was not the purpose of the committee, nor is it
the meaning of this expression, that it shall be
applied to State charters—charters granted by the
State of California orany other State. The pur-
pose was to secure to the Union Pacific Railroad
Company a quietand peaceful title to lands which
it may occupy and which shall not be claimed by
the non-resident owner for three years after the
company has gone into the actual occupancy and
possession of the land. Of course cases must
arise, where the lands are unoccupied, where their
owners may not be known, in which it is abso-
lutely necessary, in order to push forward the
Work, to occupy the lands and build theioadand
sometimes perhaps in the ignoranccof the owner.
In such cases, 1 submit that the owner of the
landearinotbe very seriously injured if wegi velum
three years'time, afler his land has thus been
taken and used by the company, to make his
claim; and that is the sole effect of the clause.
What are we to do ? Is the company to remain
for ten years with the title to its land uncertain,
insecure, the owner of the land unknown? Such
would be the effect of the amendmentof tlieSen-
ator from Iowa if it should be adopted by the
Senate. "I trust that this clause may remain as
the committee have rcportedit. The committee
were unanimous upon this identical clause, and
the Senator from Iowa was present, if my recol-
lection serves me, when it was taken up for con-
sideration by the committee and was passed upon
by them.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator is manifestly in
error in the conclusion that he draws. On page
13 the following provision will be found: "And
in case it shall be necessary for the company to
enter upon lands which are unoccupied, and of
which there is no apparent Owner or claimant, it
may proceed to take and use the same for the
purpose of said railroad, and may institute pro-
ceedings in manner described for the purpose of
ascertaining the value of and acquiring a title to
the same;" so that if no owner should appear,
the company themselves may appear in court and
require that the land shall be appraised and con-
demned, and nppiopriated to their use at its ap-
praised value; but this additional clause on the
following page, which I move to strike out, will
enable them to take the land without payment
after having quiet possession for three years. It
seems to me that this provision is unnecessary. I
The company may proceed and occupy the land !
and have it condemned and pay over to the clerk I
of the court its, appraised value and hold it, if :
they choose; and if they neglect lo do this, the |
clause that 1 propose to strike out would enable i
them to acquire title without payment if the real
owner should fail to appear within three years.
The Senator says this is not intended to apply
to any of the States; but this road may pass
through the city of Denver, which has now grown
to be a populous city, with millions of dollars'
worth of town property; independent of that, it
will pass through the country where there are
hundreds of millions of dollars'worth of lands
that are rapidly going into the hands of private
owners, hundreds and thousands of whom niay
be in the armies of the United States or serving
in its navies, and who are unable to appear and
protect their own rights.
Mr. HOWARD. Iam not ignorant of the effect
of the clause, as the Senator seems to imagine.
Let me read it as it stands in the bill, and then
the Senate will understand it clearly:
And in case it shall be necessary for the company to
enter upon lands which are unoccupied, and of which there
is no apparent owner or claimant, it may proceed to take
and use tiie same for the pin pose of said railroad, and may
institute proceedings in manner described for the purpose
of ascertaining the value, of and acquiring a title to the
same; but the judge shall deteuuine the kind of notice to
be given such owner or owners, and he may in his discre-
tion appoint an agent or guardian to represent such owner
or owners in easeot'his or their incapacity or lion-appear-
anee.
Where there is no appearance the judge has
authority to appoint a guardian or an agent to
appear in court and act for the absentee, and thus
protect all his rights; but the clause proceeds:
In ease no claimant shall appear within three years from
the time ot the opening of said road across; any land, all
chum to damages against said company shall be baued.
He is allowed three years after the land shall
have been actually taken and used by the com-
pany to appear and make his claim for compen-
sation as against the company. If at the end of
that time he does not appear, and the land has thus
been occupied by the company, it seems to me it
isnotunjusttobarall his claim for compensation.
Mr. SdORRlLL. Will the Senator allow me
to triake an inquiry ?
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly.
Mr. M01UULL. The provision to which the
Senator refeis authorizes the company to have the
damages assessed by an application to the court,
and the judge is to designate what notice shall be
served.
Mr. HOWARD. It depends on the direction
of the judge.
Mr. MORRILL. I say that is your provision.
You authorize the company to have the land con-
demned and appraised—the court determining
what notice shall be given to the supposed owner.
Is it, imperative on the company to do that?
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose so.
Mr. MORRILL. But if the company do not
do it do they not still get title to the land at the
end of three years under the provision as itstands?
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suppose there must be no-
tice in every case where there is a private owner-
ship of land.
Mr. MORRILL. It seems to me that that is
the difficulty with this section, that it con templates
ill the provision read that a company may do that,
may secure a title to lands of a non-resident and
non-occupant, where the owner is not known,
by appealing to the judge; but suppose the com-
pany do not find an occupant and still take and
possess the land for three whole years, is not the
owner, by their occupation for throe years, abso-
lutely excluded from making any further applica-
tion '
Mr. HOWARD. I think the question of the
Senator is sufficiently answered by the clause
itself which I have read, which says that—
In oa<e it Miall he necessary for the company to enter
upon iam1« winch are nnoeciipjcd, rim! of wluch ibere is no
appment own or or claimant, ll may pioeeed to take ami use
the same lor the puipo^e of haul radio id, and may institute
ptocecdn^rs m manner desctibed for tin* puijiosc of ascer-
taining the value of ami acquaint? a title to the came ; but
tin* j-iilfre :-hall detetmme the kind ol notice, 2cc.
I take it the implication is irresistible that the
notice must at all events be given, and that you
cannot take even unoccupied land of the owner
without this notice.
Mr. M011R1LL. Then I suggest, to make it
entirely clear, that the Senator accept an amend-
ment which I will propose in the last clause, to
insert the words " so taken and c^mdenmed," so
as to make it read:
In case no claimant shall appear within tlnce yeais from
the time of the opening of said road across any land so
taken and condemned, all claim to damages against said
company shall be barred.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly; I have no ob-
jection to that. That is the idea.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The amendment of the Senator
from Iowa is an amendment to an amendment,
and therefore is not amendable.
Mr. HARLAN. I take great pleasure in with-
drawing my amendment to enable the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine to be presented.
I suppose it will effect the same object.
Mr. MORRILL. I was not aware that there
was any amendment pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, to insert after
the word " land," in line one hundred and four
of section three, the words " so taken and con-
demned."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend in the
fourth section by striking out the words " future
use and," in the tenth line, and inserting after the
word "road" of that line "until the said road
shall be completed, unless the said lands may be
reserved, or otherwise disposed of or settled upon
under the laws of the United States at an earlier
period."
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from Iowa
state what particular evil he discovers in the bill
which is to be remedied b'y this amendment? I
confess 1 do not see the need of it myself. I
think all these cases are otherwise provided for
in other previsions of the bill,
Mr. HARLAN. The section as it now stands
provides:
That in addition to ihc right and authority granted to
the t-aid companyin paid oiigmal act to take fioin the pub-
lic land--' adjoining said road stone, umber, and other ma-
terial, for the construction of the road, said company is
heieby authonzed and empowered to take and use any
co.U or iron oics lying within any ol the public lands upon
the gcnciai route ot the pioposed road, and within the
limit1- ot ten miles on each side of the line thereof, and
which may be made available either in the construction
or future use and operation ot said road.
It seems to me that this might be construed to
convey to them a title to the iron and coal on all
the public lands within the limits stated, of ten
miles on each side of the road, which I suppose
is not the intention of the committee. If the
amendment I propose shall prevail, it will enable
them to take and use the coal and iron until the
land shall pass from the possession of the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales in the ordinary way
to private holders, and no longer.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no objection to strik-
ing out the words "future use and" in the tenth
line, for I do not perceive that it would change
the sense of the clause to strike them out; but I
regard the other portion of the amendment, which
consists of an insertion of certain words after the
word "road" in that same line, as superfluous
entirely. No such danger need be guarded against,
because the very terms of this section show that
the company is not to be cc-msidered the owner of
these coal andiron lands, the language of the sec-
tion being:
And in case said company is dpsirou®: of becoming pur
chas-ers of the lee ot such lands containing coal and iron
ores, patents therefor shall be issued to said company by
i the Government of the United States, at the price at w hieh
Government [ands without minerals are sold at the time
such patents issue.
Plainly enough showing that the only effect of
the previous clause is to allow to the company as
a mere bonus, as a mere gratification, the right to
go and get iron and coal for the purpose of mak-
ing their ioad with it and operating the road after
it is made.
Mr. HARLAN. I will accept the modifica-
tion suggested by the Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. I consent to strike out "fu-
ture use and," but I object to the insertion of the
other words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as now modified.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. I move to amend in section
four, line fourteen, by inserting after the word
" which" the word " such," and by striking out
at the end of that line and the commencement of
line fifteen the words " without minerals," eo aa
