S372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
striking out the words " whether regularly mus-
tered m or not."
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose the first ques-
tion comes up on perfecting the part to be stricken
out. My amendment is to apply to the original
bill, which I propose to perfect before the ques-
tion is taken on the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the Senator to move it as an
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir, I did move it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It wi!l be in
order to perfect the original bill before the ques-
tion is taken on striking it out.
Mr. TEN EYCK. The Senator from Ohio
said a moment ago that New Jersey ought to be
punished because her Governor refused to allow
the troops of the State to be actually mustered
into the service of the United States. Well, sir,
a man must go away from home to learn history
and to learn the facts respecting his own State
and his own people. I am under the impression
that the Senator from Ohio is in error on that
subject. But suppose he were correct; suppose
it were true that the Executive of the State of
New Jersey had refused to allow the troops of
that State to be mustered into the scrvice of the
United States, but yet in pursuance of the urgent
call of the Governor of Pennsylvania and the re-
quest of the Secretary of War and the Govern-
ment hero to send forward the troops from that
State, after inquiry had been made whether they
would be required to be mustered into the service,
of the United States or not, and the Governor of
Pennsylvania had urgently appealed to him to
send them on, although they might not have been,
and the Secretary of War had stated that he de-
sired they should come , notwithstanding they
were not mustered into the service of the United
States, and that they should receive the same pay
and the same consideration as troops that were,
should they not be paid ? I do not know whether
the Senator from Ohio paid any attention to the
telegrams on that subject or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not hear the telegram
from the Secretary of War read.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I beg the mdulgenceof the
Senate while I read them again. They are very
short. Inquiry was made by the Executive of
the State of New Jersey both of the Governor
of Pennsylvania and the Secretary of War upon
this subject, with respect to the length of time ser-
vice was to be required of the troops they called
for, and with respect to the fact whether they
were to be actually mustered into the service of
the United States. Now, see what Governor Cur-
tin says in his telegram of the 20th of June, 1863,
to Governor Parker:
Harjusbuko, Pennsylvania, June 20, 1863.
IllsExcclieiicy Joej, Parker:
Will it be j>o*Mble lor j our troop* to remain with in dur-
ing the present emrrgem-y whatever its duiation mav be'
If not, lor what timi: will tliey be muston-cl into service?
Our own militia urn hemp mustered to t-eive during the
present emm^'iiey; its teimnmUon to b<; litnd by my or
der; and the lurangcmont is appioved by the War Depart
went.
That was the way the troops of New Jersey
were sent. They were to remain tinder the ar-
rangement that had been made by the Governor
of Pennsylvania with the Secretary of War, as
long as he should approve:
1 assure jou £ will not detain them longer than the nc
cessiiy lor thoir pre.-euco exists. A. (J. CURTCN.
Here is a dispatch from Mr. S. M. Dickinson,
who was an official acting for the Governor, to
Governor Peuker:
Uaruisbhr&j June 23, 18G3.
Governor Joei. Parker :
lluve>fen Govtuiuu Curtni. Enemy advancing in heavy
force. He wiflnv to ictani the serviced of the men now
here nnhtiaol New Jcim-v, and will sub-Nt them. Cap
tain Mutphy prcici* not to go home under the eitciim-
staiKe , a-5 ni-so the men. Governor Ouitm will answer
your letter fully, and I will return with it at one p m. to
morrow. Answer what I shall do with the order.
S. M. DICKINSON,
Buddcrt House,
Here is the next dispatch from Governor Cur-
tin to Governor Purkci:
IIarrisbcrg, June 23, 1863.
His Excellency Joel Parker :
I answer by \ our secretaiy. Meantime the enemy !•=> ad-
vancing. He is now at SriippC!)>biirg m force, and i tius-t
you will continue to rai.^e troops. X send messenger to
Washington to ask that your troops bo received for limited
tlm<* or for this emergency, and if possible without mugfer
into the service of the United States.
A. G. CURTIN,
Governor of Pennsylvania,
Mr. SHERMAN. What was the reply of the
Secretary of War to that?
Mr.TEN EYCK. I will read it. Here is an-
other dispatch from Governor Curtin to Governor
Patkcr:
Harkisburg, Jtoie26, 1863.
His Excellency Governor Parker :
The enemy is in possession ot the State from Carlisle to
the Maryland line. He occupies, the country in force. I
truest you will not relax your efforts to help a sister State
and kindred people. A. G. CURTIN.
Now I ask the Senator to listen to this dis-
patch:
Harrisburg, June 27,1863.
His Excellency Joel Parker, Governor of New Jersey:
General Couch has been authorized to take into seivice
in ills department any troopc whatever, mustered into Uni-
ted States berviceor not. The rebels are here in force, and
we certainly need troops. A. G. CURTIN.
Now comes the dispatch from the Secretary of
War to Governor Parker, dated Washington,
June 28, J863, about a week before the battle of
Gettysburg: p
IIi« Excellency Governor Parker:
Geneial Couth is authorized lo receive any troops that
may be offered to <sei ve under his command, whether sworn
into the United States seivice or not. Please send any
nnliua or other force at your disposal.
E. M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
This was under the terrible exigency of the
tramp of Lee's armed legions, when the whole
North were not affrighted but aroused, and saw
the necessity of placing every man upon the Sus-
quehanna to meet the enemy face to face and foot
to foot; and yet my friend from Minnesota pro-
poses now to strike out the provision which would
authorize payment to be made to the State of New
Jersey to the extent of about $50,000 to satisfy
the outlay the State was at in sending those troops
to perform the service that was asked of them
during that exigency. That is the return which
my ft lend from Minnesota makes for my votes
cast uninterruptedly and uniformly m behalf of
his suffering people who were attacked not many
years since by savages. He has always had my
support and my desire that his people might be
remunerated, so far as itwas possible, for theex-
nense they had been put to and the property they
iiad lost in consequence of those attacks.
Mr. WILKINSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from New Jersey whether in that terrible ex-
igency, for I think it was a most important crisis
m the history of this country, the Governor of
New Jersey refused, when Lee's army had in-
vaded the State of Pennsylvania, to permit the
militia ofNew Jetsey to be mustered temporarily
into the service of the United States? I want the
Senator to answei that question.
Mr. TEN EYCK*. 1 say in all frankness that
if the Governor ofNew Jersey overdid that thing
it is utterly unknown to me, and [ think I ought
to know somethingaboutit. But 1 answerfurther-
more, if the fact were so in its length and breadth
and according to the broadest position in which
the Senator puts it, should the treasury of the
State, which was burdened to the extent of a few
thousand dollars—and I wish theSenatorto under-
stand we can get along without it and can pay the
expense and would have done it cheerfully and
willingly'—but should the (rensury of the State
be subject to this burden because the Governor
of the Slate may have taken that position or did
take it, if he did take it* Should the troops who
went into 'Pennsylvania, some of whom were in
the front and othens placed in fortifications and
performed guard'trtUy while veterans were sent
forward, be ignored and the services they ren-
dered? Mi'nyof them left their homes at half a
day's warning and remained away for weeks.
Should they be turned adrift and come under the
discrimination of the Senator from Minnesota
because the Governor of the State may have taken
that position, which I do not admit, and which I
never heard of? I submit it now to the candor
and sense of justice of the Senator, would he
discriminate agarnst the troops of New Jersey
when he knows from the dispatches 1 have read
that the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania
appealed to them as a kindred people to come and
aid his State in its distress, that they should be
regaided as troops and be entitled to payment,
and when the Secretary of War telegraphed to
the Governor of New Jersey that they should
be put upon that footing although they were not
actually mustered into the service.
Would the Senator from Minnesota have these
regiments that had been down in the front and
had fought at Fredericksburg and had lost fully
one third of their numbers and had just returned,
their times having expired, and were waiting in
camp to be paid off and mustered out of the ser-
vice-r-would he have those troops turned adrift
and refused payment because they were not
willing then under these circumstances, if they
were unwilling, to be mustered into the serviccof
the United States ^nd to be kept as long as the
Governor of Pennsylvania or the Secretary of
War might see fit to keep them, without limita-
tion and restriction as to time? Why, sir, it
would have been a gross act of injustice, and to
take such a position now and exercise it with re-
gard to those men, I submit, is treating war-worn
veterans, who have the scars of battle upon them,
with indignity and injustice.
Mr. WILKINSON. So far as the soldiers of
the State of New Jersey are concerned, those
who are m the Army and those who volunteered
to go into the State of Pennsylvania, I think I
would be as liberal toward them asanybody else.
When this invasion of Pennsylvania by the rebel
General Lee was going on, I was in Minnesota,
neaily two thousand miles away from this place,
and I then saw in the telegraphic dispatches in
the newspapers that the Governor of New Jersey,
after having sent forward some troops, refused—
and this is what I wanted the Senator from New
Jersey to answer me a little while ago—to allow
this militia of the State of New Jersey, when
their border State was invaded, to be mustered
iuto the service of the United States. While it
is hard to visit upon the brave soldiers of New
Jersey the effect of the conduct of their chief Ex-
ecutive, 1 say to the Senator that that State, as
long as they elect such a Governor, must abide
by the consequences of his official act. It is un-
fortunate for that State, perhaps, and for those
soldiers, that they elected such a Governor, but
having elected him and he having refused to al-
low those men to be mustered into the service for
more than one month to defend the State of Penn-
sylvania and perhaps the State of New Jersey,
they ought not to be paid one dollar, in my hum-
ble judgment, not because any punishment should
he visited upon the men, hnt the State of New
Jersey should suffer the penalty of having elected
a copperhead Governor.
Mr. SHERMAN. A sufficient reply to the
Senator from Minnesota is this: that pending the
emergency, the Secretary of War, by a telegraphic
dispatch which has been read to us, expressly
stipulated that this militia should be received as
militia of the State of New Jersey without being
mustered into the United States service. Perhaps
his argument might do very well if there was no
special agreement to the contrary; but the dis-
patch read by the Senatorfrom New Jarsey shows
that before the battle of Gettysburg, before this
mihtialeft the State of New Jersey, the Secretary
of War stipulated that, without being mustered
into the service of the United States, they should
be treated like other forces.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not understand that
dispatch in that way,
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read again.
Mr. WILKINSON. I understood thedispatch
to say that General Couch might command any
troops that should be sent to him, whether mus-
tered into the service of the United States or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. The only way to settle it
is to have it read again. I had the same objec-
tion to this measure until that dispatch was read.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will read it again.
Washington, June 28,1803.
His Excellency Governor Parklr:
Gent'ial Couch is authonzed to leccive any troops that
may be offered to serve undei hibcommand, whether worn
into the United States service or not. Please send any
militia or othei tbrco at jour disposal.
E. M. STANTON,
Secretaiyoj War.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want this thing under-
stood before I can vote for this proposition. 1
understood that the Governor of New Jersey,
after sending those ttoops into Pennsylvania, ab-
solutely refused to permit them to be sworn into
the service of the United States for any length of
