1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GBOBE:
treason, then it was not the consequence of at-
tainder, but existed independently of it.
This general power to prescribe the punishment
of treason is in accordance not only with the spirit
of the Constitution, but with its literal text, which
was so justly vindicated by the gentleman from
Massachusetts by his acute criticism upon inspec-
tion of the original instrument, and which agrees
with the history of the clause, as shown in El-
liot's Debates, and with the punctuation of the
older editions of the Federalist. No other con-
struction can rescue its framers from the mon-
strous absurdity of permitting Congress to punish
minor felonies, and even misdemeanors, by the
total deprivation of property and compelling the
Government to hold, a£ trustee, the remainder in
the whole estate of a convicted traitor, contingent
upon his death, for the benefit of his heirs at law.
Nor is there any authority, judicial orelementary,
which has been cited, that, in my judgment, prop-
erly considered,militates against thisconstruction.
The comment of Mr. Madison, contained in No.
forty-three of the Federalist, is confidently relied
on as an authority. - Now, to my mind, it is per-
fectly clear that Mr. Madison was treating of the
operation of the common-law punishment of at-
tainder. I quote his language, not an unconnected
clause, but the whole paragraph:
" As treason maybe committed against the United States,
the authority of the United States ought to be enabled to
punish it; bat as new-fangled and artificial treasons have
been the great engines by which violent factions, the natu-
ral offspring of free governments, have usually wreaked their
alternate malignity on each other, the Convention have,
with great judgment, opposed a baiiier to this peculiar dan-
ger by inserting a constitutional definition of the crime, fix-
ing the proof necessary for conviction of it and icstiaiiiing
the Congress, even in punishing it, from extending the con-
sequences of guilt beyond the person of its author.'"1
It is manifest that the distinguished author, in
this comment, alluded to the practice of corrupt
and subservient judges of inventing constructive
treasons, of allowing convictions upon insufficient
proof; and dominant factions, possessed of legis-
• lative power, of enacting modes of punishment
operating through corruption of blood, to visit the
guiltof the parent upon his innocent posterity. In
no sense does forfeiture antecedently prescribed
and operating immediately upon the party con-
victed visit punishment otherwise than upon the
person of the guilty author. The estate divested
is his, the fine collected is out of his property, and
the sentence of death, if executed, is upon him per-
sonally. It is true that his children are forestalled
in the one case of the wealth, and in the other de-
prived of the society of the parent, but in either
case only in the form of punishment applied direct-
ly to the criminal.
The great name of Judge Story has been invoked
as conclusive against the doctrine of the right o(
Congress to forfeit. If indeed he has so written,
although not of the force of a judicial determina-
tion, it would go far towards settling tin; contro-
versy, not only in my mind, but, which is far
more material, in the opinion of this House and
in the judgment of the country.
Before yielding, however, unqualified assentto
the position claimed as having been established
by this authority, it will be well to review what
Jude;e Story has really written. Commenting on
this clause, he says:
kJTwo motives, probably, concurred in introducing it as
an express power. One was not to leave it open to impli-
cation whether n was to be exclu-dvoly punishable with
death, according to the known rule of the common l.uv and
with the barbarous accompaniments pointed out by it, but
to confide the punishment to the dihciction of Congress."
Now, it is incontestable that he heie not only
admits that the whole matter of determining how
treason should be punished, is vested in Congiess,
but declares that it was so vested purposely to
prevent the conclusion which might otherwise
have been drawn, that the only allowable mode
was that practiced in England, deal h and attainder,
and closes with the express declaration that the
choice of the measure of punishment is coiifidedto
the discretion of Congress, and clearly evidencing
as his opinion that in the exercise of that discre-
tion it might prescribe death or any other form
and measure which it might deem adequate and
appropriate. He then proceeds:
"The oilier was to impose some limitation upon The na-
ture and extent of the punishment, so that it should not
work eomiptionof blood,orforfeiture beyond the life of the
offender."
Can any one fail to perceive that the great com-
mentator had in his inind the common-law pen-
alty of attainder? He speaks of a punishment
which worked corruption of blood and forfeiture.
Whatpunishmenthad this effect except attainder?
What other worked corruption of blood ? What
other reached beyond the life of the offender?
He is not speaking of a punishment specifically
imposed, such as death, forfeiture, imprisonment,
and the like, but of that one which m addition to
its own imposition wrought, by its operation,
corruption of blood and forfeiture of estate. It is
true that in treating of the policy of forfeiture he
urges with much power its tendency to alienate
the affections of the children from that Govern-
ment which has deprived them of enjoying the
possessionsof their ancestors. But this is a mere
question of policy, and does not affect the con-
sideration of constitutional power. Itis for Con-
gress to determine whether it may not be the
better policy to divest the whole estate of traitors,
not only to prevent the alienation of the residue
falling in after the life estate shall have been ex-
hausted, as suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Bootwell,] but, which I
consider of more importance as securing the fu-
ture peace of the Republic, to teach those who
may hereafter be inclined to rush into rebellion
against the United States, that they cannot do so
withoutexposingthemselves to the utter forfeiture
of their estates, and their posterity to the loss of
that property which they might otherwise have
inherited.
On this subject I have no mawkish sentiment-
ality, no such acute sensibility as to lead me to
be more careful of the prospective interest of the
children of traitors than those to whom they were
by nature intrusted, and who, as vigilant guard-
ians, should have looked well to the tuture before
taking up arfhs against a Government under whose
benign protection they have acquired and held all
that property which they have now so justly for-
feited by rebellion against its authority. No such
consideration of sympathy will restrain me from
voting any measure of punishment whatsoever.
I shall act irrespectively of their advantage and
only for the interest of the Republic; and 111 my
judgment that interest will be best promoted,
future peace most effectively maintained, and the
permanency of the Union most efficiently guar-
antied by visiting upon the wicked leaders utte/
confiscation of estates and deprivation of political
rights, and by showing mercy and amnesty to the
deluded masses who by their devices have been
deceived and by their bayonets driven into rebel-
lion.
But, Mr. Speaker, though I maintain that, un-
der the third section of article three, Congress has
power to punish treason by the forfeiture ol the
whole estate of the traitor, I do not consider the
act of 1862 as within this provision.
It prospectively announces to the rebellious
subjects of the Government that they shall lay
down their weapons and return to their duty as
citizens, and prescribes the penalty of their fail-
ure. This act proposes to aid in the suppression
of the rebellion by the seizure and confiscation of
that which helps to foster and sustain it. It is
restricted in its operation to the seizure of the
property of those who are actively engaged in
armed hostility to the Government, or who are
exercising the functions of a usurping power set
up against its lawful authority and directing or
aiding in its administration. It prescribes the
mode of its enforcement, and declares that it shall
be made operative by proceedings in rem, and only
upon pioof that the owner is actually engaged in
rebellion, and then that it shall be condemned for
the use of the Government.
1 ask what principle renders such property in-
capable of condemnation by acourtactmg in rem ?
What provision of the Constitution inhibits Con-
gress from declaring such penalty and enforcing
it by any tribunal upon which it shall confer ju-
risdiction ? It is too late to contend that it is ob-
noxious to censure as violating that clause which
declares that no person shall be deprived of prop-
erty without due process of law. Such proceed-
ings have been too often resorted to and are too
familiar in practice, operating to divest property
and to deprive the owner of his title. All that is
necessary to confer jurisdiction is that there be
seizure and reduction into possession by the Gov-
ernment.
Congress has the right to cnact its own laws,
define its own penalties, and prescribe for itself
the mode of enforcement, only responsible it} the
Constitution of the United States. There;is no.
other tribunal that has any control over the sub-
ject. and whether it will f#oceed in rem or in per-t
sonam is a matter of discretion, to be determined,
only by the exercise of its own will. ... ■
The persons against whom it has decreed its
penalties are citizens of the United States., The
things upon which it operates are within its terri-
torial jurisdiction; the tribunals which it invests
with authority to adjudicate are its own courts.
It invokes no lawof nations. It does not inquire,
for the purpose of giving validity to this statute,
whether other Governments have consented that
the property adjudicated upon has been ordina-
rily the subject of admirajty proceedings. It is
no matter whether the things confiscated be or be
not contraband. This is no question arising be-
tween this Governmen t and the subjects of foreign
Powers determinable upon the principles of inter-
national law, and in reference to which sovereigns
may be appealed to for the protection of their
citizens. _ . .
The seizure contemplated by this statute is for
a breach of the law, and made only within those
limits over which Congress has the right to legis-
late in virtue of the sovereign dominion which it
possesses within the territory of the nation. This
power is the same in peace and in war, and is ex-
ercised according to its discretion.
But, Mr. Speaker, while I do not admit that it
was requisite, to authorize jurisdiction to be con-
ferred by proceedings operating i  rem, that there
should be any definite connection between the
thing seized and the breach of law committed, yet
1 contend that if even this test be applied, the Legis-
lature will be vindicated in having provided the
mode of enforcement in conformity with that prin-
cple.
Is it not manifest that the things confiscable are
valuable to the owners for the purpose of enabling
them to maintain the struggle against the Govern-
ment, and conducing to the violation of the law
which required that they should return to their
duty ? Docs the act confiscate slaves? They are
the laboring population by whose active assistance
breadstuff's are raised for the support of the army.
Are cattle taken ? It deprives the offender of the
power of converting them into food for the main-
tenance of his troops. Is land seized > Itconsti-
tutes the very fountain from which he draws his
supplies, and <Srms the basis, of taxation for the
continuance of the rebellion.
But, Mr. Speaker, the doctrine is advanced by
gentlemen ofeminent ability on this floor and else-
where, that the United States are at war with a
foreign nation, that the rebels are to be regarded
as alien enemies, and the tcrritdi'y that may be
wrested from their possession is to be treated as
conquered country. I cannot agree to this propo-
sition. I hold that they are still within and sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the United Stiltes. I
maintain that, however organized in rebellion, no
act which they have committed has absolved them
from the allegiance which they owe to this Go vern-
ment, or from criminal responsibility to its laws;
that the right of intraterritorial jurisdiction is as
perfect as before the rebellion; and that however
they may have affected their own condition so as
to deprive them of the right, of denying the applica-
tion of the stern rules of war when enforced in that
character, even such application is merely in addi-
tion to the ordinary incidents of sovereignty; and
from this cause they con have no right to claim
that they do not owe allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States.
The capacity of enforcement of municipal law
may be suspended, the government of States may
be temporarily overthrown, the instruments of
power may be usurped; but all these do not de-
prive the sovereign of his right of jurisdiction over
his own territory and subjects. Nothingcan alter
their condition or convert them into aliens or
relieve them from criminal liability except ulti-
mate success terminating in the establishment of
their independence. So long as we continue to
employ against them the ordinary means of war-
fare with any reasonable prospect of their reduc-
tion, they are still subjects of the United States,
and any other hypothesis would, to my mind,
carry with it the recognition, either of the original
ri,rlit of secession, thereby converting them into
an independent people, or that their relation has
