1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
United States, by proclamation, can, by force of
that proclamation alone, strike the chains from
the limbs of these poor bondmen, take from the
parties who are entitled to hold them the property
which by the laws of the States they have in
them, he can, by proclamation operating propria
vigorc, take any otner species of propprty and ap-
propriate it to the use of the United States without
going within the limits of the rebellious States.
Nobody, I suppose, will contend that that can be
done.
In my view, therefore, it is just as futile, just
as idle to seek to emancipate the slaves in the se-
ceding States by means of a proclamation with
which the armies of the United States do not march
from day to day, and practically execute by get-
ting possession and control of the slaves, as it
would be, futile and idle, if, by a proclamation,
the President of the United States was to declare
that all the soldiers in arms against the United
States should be considered as captives. What-
ever authority, therefore, may be the result of the
war power with which the President is clothed,it
is an authority limited by the actual physical war
power which he is exercising under the authority
of the war power.
If these slaves come to the standard of the Uni-
ted States, or if that standard is carried within
the territorial limits of the foe and the slaves are
there within its control, discharged actually from
the domination of their masters, the proclamation
which declares them free may, and I am inclined
to think will, have that effect. But just as sure
as anything in the future can be said to be sure,
is it, in my judgment, that if the war was to term-
inate to-day, or whenever it shall terminate, with-
out any provision being made for the condition of
the slaves who have not come within the actual
control of the military authority of the United
States, they will be decided by the courts of the
United States to be slaves still.
It is evident that the tendency of the Presi-
dent's own mind led to that result. In his proc-
lamation of amnesty he says, I do not mean by
the terms which 1 offer to you of the rebellious
States to announce for myself that your slaves
have been emancipated by force of any procla-
mation which I may have issued;I think that that
will be the result; f think the proclamation may
have an effect coextensive with your entire ter-
ritory; that every slave within the limits of the
seceding States, whether they have actually come
or may come within the authority of the United
States or not, will be, by force of that proclama-
tion, made a fiee man; but when I offer to you an
amnesty, coupled with the condition that you are
to support not only the Constitution of the United
States and the laws made in pursuance of the
Constitution by Congress, but that you are to
support any proclamations that may have been
or may hereafter be issued by the Executive from
time to time, I am willing that you shall take that
oath subject to the right uf having that question
decided judicially in the future. He, therefore,
by the very terms of his amnesty evidently con-
sidered that it will be a question not deouhd if
these rebels shall return, will be open for content;
that he is willing, and he invokes them to come
to the same mode of having the question decided
finally, that it shall be decided as a judicial ques-
tion by the courts who may have jurisdiction
over it in the future. In that, I think, he was
right. In the belief that the coui ts will so decide
in the future, I think he is wrong with reference
to that class of slaves who, if the war was to
terminate to-day-, will, in my judgment, be en-
tirely unaffected by the proclamation and still as
much slaves under the Constitution as they were
slaves before the rebellion was instituted.
Mr. President, if I am right in thinking "that
the object cannot be attained by means.of the
presidential war power 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question? I do it simply because I
wish to have his ansverfor my owninformation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What would be the effect
of the proclamation, in his judgment, upon a ter-
ritory not in the possession of the Government or
of our Army at the time the proclamation was is-
sued , but which, after that time, should come into
our possession, so that the slaves within that ter-
ritory would be under the immediate control of
the Government or the Army?
Mr. JOHNSON. A Territory not a State at
the time?
Mr.-FESSENDEN. I am speaking of*terri-
tory generally; a portion of the country, part of
a State, if you please, which comes into our mil-
itary possession after the issuing of the procla-
mation.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I intended to say (and
I am glad that my honorable friend has put his
inquiry to me) was, that in my view—and I state
it with all the deference for the opinion of others
which I sincerely entertain—if the rebellion was
terminated to-morrow, and the authority of the
United States was reinstated in every one of the
States now in rebellion, the proclamation would
have no influence at all upon the status of those
bondsmen who were not brought antecedently
under the influence and control of the military
power.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Antecedently to the proc-
lamation ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Antecedently to the procla-
mation. I am speaking of the proclamation.
Now, a word or two only in reply to my hon-
orable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.] He
seems to think the objectcan be accomplished by
means of the legislative war power, so to term it.
In my judgment the difficulties 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did the honorable Sen-
ator understand me? I wish to know whether I
understand him. Suppose, by way of illustra-
tion, that before the rebellion ended we should
overrun the State of Georgiaand that State should
be within our military possession, so that every
slave was in our possession, would those slaves
be free in consequence of the proclamation if
nothing further was done?
Mr. JOHNSON. If there is a right to eman-
cipate slaves as a belligerent right, upon which I
express no opinion. Mr. Adams, in his contro-
versy with England, as I am sure the honorable
member will recollect—I have got the State Pa-
pers before me—took the bioad ground that the
state of war did not authorize a belligerent to
emancipate the slaves of his enemy. I am not
here to maintain or to deny the existence of that
right. I rather incline to the opinion that Mr.
Adams was wrong, and that the opinion which
he subsequently expressed in a debate in the
House of Representatives, I think in 1836, that
slavery might be abolished by means of the war
power in a certain state of tilings was the better
opinion. But that is a question full of difficulty.
Mr. COWAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. COWAN. The question decided by Mr.
Adams was that, according to the terms of inter-
1 national law, one belligerent had no right to free
j the slaves of another. That is neither here nor
! there as to the question I am about to put, and it
! is this: suppose that by virtue of the paramount
authority of the United States requiring citizens
j of the several States for mihtai y set vice, she were
! to disturb for a time tiic relation which existed
between the parent and child, the master and his
i apprentice, but notdisturbitlongenough to cover
; the whole period of the tutelage or apprentice-
! ship; what would be the effect afterwards upon the
! discharge of the mmoror the apprentice from mil-
j itary service? Would he fall backagain into his
; natural place underthemaster orundertheparent
as before? Is there any authority in this Gov-
ernment to prevent that return to his ouginal
status of owing service either to the masterorthe
parent ?
j Mr. JOHNSON. If the honorable member
| from Pennsylvania will excuse me, instead of an-
j ticipatmg what I propose to say on that question,
I I will give an answer to him when I come to that
j part of the discussion to which I suppose the
; question properly belongs.
| Mr. Adams, in one of his dispatches which he
: sent to the President of the United States on the
| 22d of August, 1815, said, speaking of the taking
\ by the British of our slaves and discharging them:
I We considered them a? deviations from the usages, of
war. Our object was the restoration of ali pioperty, in-
cluding felavt'-s. which bj the usage* of war among cm].zed
1 nation?- ought not to have been'taken. Slaves Veie con-
t sidered pnvate property. Ali private property on snore
was of tint description." It was entitled by the laws of war
to exemption fiom capture.''
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention of
thl?Senator for one moment just on that point, I
would remind him that Mr. Adams on at least
one occasion in the House of Representatives
made the statement that he wrote dispatches, as
Secretary of State, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, in which he himself did not concur: in writing
them he simply held the pen. He did not say that
that was one of the dispatches; but he did on an im-
portant occasion make that statement; and, as the
Senator well knows, on three different occasions
in the House of Representatives he undertook to
state his own individual views on that precise
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am aware of that, sir. I
do not know that the remark attributed—and no
doubt correctly attributed—to Mr. Adams had ap-
plication to this particular subject. From what I
had the honor to know of the character of that
statesman I more than doubt whether it had. If
there was any man in this land or in any other
land who was devoted to human liberty more than
any other, it was Mr. Adams.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question? Will he give the
Senate the date of that dispatch of Mr. Adams,
from whence it was written, and to whom it was
directed?
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought I did give the date,
Mr. DAVIS. You did, but I wish you would
give it again.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is dated on the 22d of Au-
gust, 1815.
Mr. DAVIS. Where is the dispatch dated?
Mr. JOHNSON. From London, where he wad
then minister.
Mr. DAVIS. Then instead of being written
under the direction of the President, it was writ-
ten on- the other side of the Atlantic to the Presi-
dent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes; but he may have had
instructions from the President about it, notwith-
standing.
Mr. SUMNER. It might have been written in
London, but it was addressed to the British Gov-
ernment.
Mr. DAVIS. I read very carefully the debate
to which the Senator alluded, in which Mr.
Adams made his declaration. I was present and
heard it. It does not accord with my recollection
that in relation to that dispatch Mr. Adams made
the explanation to which the Senator alludes.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will understand
I do not say that he did mention this dispatch. He
said that it had been his fortune in public life to
hold the pen in order to state a case in which he
did not concur.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest that we all let tha
honorable Senator from Maryland alone and let
him finish his speech in his own way, and then
such genilemen as choose to notice it can notice
it in their way.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senate will acquiesce
in the suggestion of my friend from Kentucky
they will personally oblige me, that is, that these
questions shall be put after I shall have concluded
my remarks, and I will endeavor to answer them
if I can, rather than that they should be inter-
posed in the course of my argument. To carry
on a running fight with three or four Senators on
the other side is rather more than I am equal to.
I was about to say that from my knowledge of
Mr. Adams, independent of the testimony which
is certainly pregnant with information on the sub-
ject to which the Senator from Kentucky refers,
I do not believe any man in the world could have
got him to announce any principle as a principle
of national law that would prove practically
injurious to human freedom. He not only an-
nounced the doctrine for which I refer to his dis-
patch of 1815, but when the subject of the obli-
gation of England under the treaty of Ghent to
pay for the slaves which her navy had taken off
was referred to the arbitrament of Russia in his
correspondence as Secretary of State to our min-
ister at St. Petersburg he took the same ground
in even stronger terms; that is to say, that there
was no belligerent right to emancipate the slaves
of an enemy.
My friend from Maine [Mr. Fessendesf] is
under the impression that I did not understand
his inquiry. I did; and it would be my fault if I
did not, because he always puts his points so as
to make them clear almost to the dullest com pre*
hension. His inquiry was, supposing the proc-
lamation of emancipation to be inoperative upon
