1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEf.
time whatever. If he did that, I am opposed to
paying those troops; let the State of New Jersey
pay them. The Senator from New Jersey can
answer that question.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ought, in justice to the
Executive of my State, to say a word in relation
to this newspaper report which the Senator refers
to as having read two thousand miles off, and
upon the faith of which he is willing to refuse
justice to the State of New Jersey, and to blacken
the character of a man who, although he ia a
Democrat, is a true and loyal War Democrat.
Mv. WILKINSON. Will the Senator explain
the charge to which I have referred ?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir. With regard to
his refusal to send aid, perhaps I had belter read
one of these dispatches from Governor Curtin.
Mr.WILKINSON. I did not say he refused to
send aid. i say he refused to allow those troops to
be mustered into the service of the United States.
I do not want the Senator to misrepresent me.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I do not think the Senator
was in the Chamber when this discussion com-
menced and when I read these numerous dis-
patches. if any Senator feels interest enough
in the question to take them up from beginning
to end he will ascertain from the history detailed
by them that no such conclusion can be drawn
from these dispatches as the Senator from Min-
nesota has drawn unfavorable to the character of
the Governor. I will again read one of these
dispatches for the purpose of showing that the
Governor of Pennsylvania did not regard the
Governor of New Jersey as occupying so im-
proper a position as the Senator from Minnesota
seems to think, for as early as June 16, 18G3, he
says in a dispatch to Governor Parker:
"The poople of this State are under obligations to you
for jour promptness and energy in oigumzuig and forward 1
mg men to this place. Geneial Couch will have the best
poiMble care taken of them."
I stated when I was up before—and so it ap-
pears m the first dispatch from Governor Curtin
to Governor Parker—the appeal to Governor
Parker was to send these veterans who had been
in at least two bloody fights, on the heights of
St Mary and at Fredericksburg, who were then j
in the vicinity of Trenton, the center of the State, |
and one of them at Beverly, commanded by the |
gallant Colonel Giubb, to send them back to the
front of battie instead of seeking their homes and
families, as the small remaining portion who had
returned in health and strength had hoped to do.
The appeal was to send these men, used to war
and fresh from the field of battle, back into Penn-
sylvania to meet Lee's legions, and to engage in
that strife which was a play for empire. These
men naturally would be indisposed to be sworn
into the service of the United States without lim-
itation us to time or description of place to which
they were to go; and it would have been an act
of peculiar hardship for the Governor to insist or
appeal to them to do that. Perhaps .they would |
have done it. That is an answer and a reason i
why he should endeavor to get those men ac-
cepted upon other terms, that they should go and j
serve as long as they were needed in the State of ;
Pennsylvania to repel this invasion. That was j
the object of the call. He knew and we knew that .
the men who had proved their loyalty and bore t
the evidence of their devotion to the country upon ;
their wounded bodies needed no oath to muster
them into the service of the United States in or- ,
der to secure their services in the place whore i
they were wanted.
I think the deduction which the Senator from ,
Minnesota has drawn from the action of the Ex- i
ecutive of the State upon that occasion is unjust 1
in view of all the circumstances. I suppose the \
Senator did not fully understand them, as he failed !
to understand or perhaps did not hear the full <
scope and effect of the telegram fiotn the Seere- 1
taiy of War, which shows the character of the '
service they went to perform and the method in !
which they were mustered into the service. !
I trust, sir, with a modification of the amend- ;
ment of the Senator from Ohio that I shall pio- 1
powe that this bill may be allowed to pass. I
wili move to strike out the pioviso at the end of
the section, which will have the eftect of author- I
iztng the payment to be made to troops whether
mustered into service or not. _ i
The PRESIDENT pro tempoic. That motion j
is not in oider at the present time. The Senator ;
from Ohio will indicate where he will have his
amendment put in the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have reduced it to writing.
There are three several amendments that will have
to be considered separately.
Mr. HARRIS. I was not aware till this bill
was called up that such a bill was pending in
Congress, and I must confess that the very title
of the bill struck me with some surprise. It is
a bill to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania for
expenses incurred by that State in calling out the
militia to repel an invasion, leaving the sister
States who „so promptly and patriotically came
to her aid to take care of themselves as they might.
Mr. COWAN. This censure is wholly and
entirely unjust, for under that title the honorable
Senator will remember the House of Represent-
atives passed an appropriation of $15,000,000 to
cover all the States and everybody.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, this is the
shape in which the bill presents itself to the Sen-
ate for consideration. I do notblame the State of
Pennsylvania for seeking reimbursement. Per-
haps it is her right to do it. 1 do not deny that
it is. Whether it was in good taste for her to do
it just at this time is a different question. The
State of New York, that sent a large number of
militia to the aid and protection of Pennsylvania,
has never asked, and if my counsels shall prevail,
she never will ask, and while I am glad to accept
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio which
covers the expenses incurred by New York in
case that State shall ask it, I am not in favor of
having New York come to the General Govern-
ment for reimbursement for the expenses incurred
upon this extraordinary occasion. New York
incurred some four or five hundred thousand dol-
lars of expense in this sudden emergency in re-
lieving her sister and neighbor State of Pennsyl-
vania. If I could control it, t would have New
York make that a present to the Government.
For her patriotism and her courage I would ask
no remuneration. But if Pennsylvania must come
here to be remunerated for the expenses of call-
ing out her militia to defend her own soil, I do
not know why New Jersey and New York should
not also participate in that remuneration. I,
therefore, am quite willing to accept the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Ohio, which
also proposes to remunerate those States; but I
would prefer that no bill should be passed on the
subject. Let Pennsylvania and New Jersey and
New York for the present and in the present
emergency of our Government bear these ex-
penses, and by and by, when the proper time
comes, when the General Government is more
able to remunerate those States, let it be done.
That would be my choice.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly the honoiable Sen-
ator from New York docs not understand the
claim here. This is not a claim on the part of
Pennsylvania. This is a claim on the part ofpri-
vate individuals and private corporations who
came forward and advanced their money, and that
money has been paid over to the troops, under an
cxpie&s agreement with the President and Secre-
tary of War that they would recommend an ap-
propwation of this kind. Nobody is proposing
the reimbursement of New Yoi k and New Jersey !
that I know of. 1 cannot conceive that it is ne-
cessary wh *n a Senator uses to defend some claim
of las that he should assail other people. If the
State of New York and the State of New Jersey I
did not succeed in having their claim attended to j
in the other House it was not because they were j
not well represented there. New York has more I
members m that House than any other State.
New Jersey has several members. I cannot con- ;
ceive why there is matter for reproach ni the pe- j
cuhar shape in which the bill comes here. I am j
sorry to be obliged to notice these things, particu-
laily from my honorable friend from New York,
who is usually so just, so temperate and mild in
everything that he says and does.
1 may say, too, that tins was not alone for the
invasion of Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania was not ;
singled out as the object of Lee's invasion because ]
she was Pennsylvania, but because she lay m his j
pathway to thegreat State of New Yoik, because j
she lay in his way to New Jersey, because she :
was in his vv ay to the New England Slates. Sen- ,
atois should thank their fortunes that Pennsyl-
vania did he in the way, that they might be pro- I
tected from calamities of this kind. |
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the first amendment proposed by ihe
Senator from Ohio to the bill, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, in line three
after the word " to" to strike out the words " re-
imburse the institutions and individuals who ad-
vanced the money to pay the Pennsylvania sol-
diers who were called out by the proclamation of
the President of the United States and the Gov-
ernor of Pennsylvania," and to insert t( pay the
militia duly called out;" so that it will read:
That to pay the militia duly called out to repel tUe inva-
sion ot Maryland and Pennsylvania, &c.
Mr. HICKS. Mr. President, I must say that
there is no necessity for any division or difficulty
between the honorable Senators from the States
of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York on
this subject. I think I understand this case. This
bill proposes to reimburse certain privates-individ-
uals and institutions who now ask to have returned
to them money advanced by them in an emer*
gency that not only tried the souls of the men of
Pennsylvania but of New Jersey, New York, and
Maryland. 1 trust that all these men will be paid.
I think they should be. it was an emergency
and an occasion on which, it seems to me, every
man, every Union-loving man at least, should
have had all his feelings aroused against an ap-
proaching foe.
But, sir, I do not see the necessity for clogging
the bill proposed by the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia by amendments covering other claims. It is
either an honest claim, a claim which should be
paid, or it is not an honest claim. I believe it to be a
fair claim presented for men called into service to
meet an emergency in which certainly New Jer-
sey and New York were equally interested with
Pennsylvania. Why? Because Pennsylvania
then formed the bulwark protecting them. The
rebel troops had to pass through Pennsylvania
before they could reach either New Jersey or New
York. If the rebels had succeeded in passing
through Pennsylvania and entering either or both
of those States, as a matter of coursc they would
have wanted the troops of Pennsylvania to fol-
low on and aid them.
Under the circumstances, I think the best way
would be for us to pass this bill as it came to us
from the House of Representatives, and then at
some subsequent time another bill can be presented
providing for the payment of New York and New
Jersey, either together or separately, as they
civpose. Sir, we may have occasion again to call
troops suddenly together to repel an invading foe.
1 trust in God it may never be necessary again;
but, sir, it may be, and if difficulties of this sort
are thrown in the way of their payment, it will
discourage men, and perhaps on another occasion
they will not come forward so readily and unite
with those who are engaged in the elFort to drive
back the invading foe.
As I before remarked, I cannot see that there
is any necessity for a difficulty between the hon-
orable Senators from those three States. I hope
this bill will be passed and this claim paid,and I
hope that New Jersey and New York will have
their men paid. I care not what may have been
the views of the Governor of New Jersey, these
men came forwardlike men and rendered service,
and therofoie 1 think ought to paid.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of Mr. Sherman- was in
line twelve to strike outthe words "Governorof
Pennsylvania" and to insert, "said militia, or
where they have been paid then to the Governor
of the State to which the said militia belongs in
trust for the State or the institutions or individ-
uals who advanced the money to pay the same;"
so that the clause will read:
The sum o( $700,000, of any money in the Treasury
not oihrrw^e nppioprratcd, is hereby appropriated, to i>«
paid to iho said imhua, or where they have been paid then
to the Governor of the State, &c.
Mr. WILKINSON. I agree fully iu every
word that was utteied by the Senator from New
York in regard to this appropriation, i do not
wish to vote against an appropriation to pay the
 oldieis from &ny State who have fought or vol-
unteered in a particular emergency to repel the
invasion of any northern State. But I wish to
say just one woid in answer to the Senator from
Pennsylvania who spoke about his Pennsylva-
