1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
such of the States as wore not at the time within
the military possession of* the United States, al-
though it is dated at a long; antecedent period to
subsequent military possession, whether, if that
subsequent military possession is acquired while
the piuclamation remains unrevoked, the procla-
mation will not be as operative upon the slaves
within the territory, the possession of which is
thus subsequently acquired, as it would have been
if it had been in our possession at the date of the
proclamation ? It think it will; but still, although
1 confess the leaning of my opinion, after a good
deal of reflection, is to the affirmative of the in-
quiry, 1 am not to be understood as holding the
very positive opinion thatthatproclamation would
be operative. My impression is that a would be.
I think that the view taken by Mr. Adams, in the
House of Representatives, on the occasion ad-
verted to by the Senator from Massachusetts,
is the sounder opinion. I believe that it is the
rightful exercise of a belligerent power to eman-
cipate the slaves of the enemy, if we can get pos-
session of them, just as it is a rightful exercise of
a belligerent right to take any other property be-
longing to the enemy, which may be taken under
the civilized rules of modern warfare, or as it is
a belligerent right to captuie any other person of
the enemy.
Now, Air. Picsident, a word or two upon that
subject before I leave it. I have had occasion
more than once to say—and that opinion I con-
fidently entertain—that although by the la"ws of
the States, Africans are made property, under the
Constitution of the United States they are, with
reference to the war power of the Government,
persons, may be used as persons, brought into the
field 10 maintain the authotity of the Government,
to which as p< rsons they owe allegiance, if they
are persons .--object to our military control, if they
are persons adding to our military power, they
are for the same reasons persons under the mili-
tary control of the foe, and may mciease the mili-
tary power of the foe; and they are just as much
within the control of the United States as any other
thing m the possession of the enemy which may
be used advantageously by the enemy m carrying
on the war against the United States.
I was about to say a word ot two upon the sec-
ond head, the legislative power, on which my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Sukrmav] more or less re-
lied. If im true that the Congies** of the United
States by the Constitution.is clothed with an au-
/ thoiity to declare war; and it is maintained that
undei the authority to declare war slaves may be
emancipated. That may be tine; but it may not
be true so as to do away with the necessity of the
measure upon your tabic. They may he eman-
cipated, quo mvdo? The power, like whatever
emancipating power the PicMilent may be clothed
with umh r lua authority as Commander-m-Chtef
executing the war power, is limited by the p«ac-
tic.nl exercise of that war power, liow far do
your troops go? Against whom aie they fight-
ing? My friend from Ohio, as 1 understood him, '
seemed to suppose—and that is the view, i think,
oi one of the measures < ontemplated by the hon-
orable member irom Massachusetts—that Con-
gress can by law not only manumit slaves in the
seceded States, but slaves in every State.
Now, first, as to the seceded States, how is it
to bo accomplished by legislative authority under
the war power, except as subject precisely to the j
same limitation with which itean be accomplished j
by tiie Piestdeutiuuler theauthonty of the same j
power, that portion of it which by the Constuu- ;
tion is intrusted to him? Can Congress by an [
act of its legislation declare all the slaves in the i
seceded States fiec, and if peace is made to-mor-
row and the independence of those States is rec-
ognized, will they he f.ee? I suppose nobody
will contend that; and yet it*to make them bee is
a paw of the legislative nower of the Government
it operates at once; and m point of law, should
there beany tubunal who will decide upon the
principle of law and justice, slavery will have been
ended in every State, although we never should
reinstate the authority of the United States, but
on the contrary the rebels should achieve their
independence. I suppose nobody will pretend
that that would be the resuitof a measure of that
description; and if not, why not? If theauthonty
to emancipate is in the Constitution now and op-
erates now, they are free the very moment you
exert the authority. Power may bnng them back
to slavery; or rather power may deny their free-
dom; the violence which brought their ancestors
from their native home may be renewed; but in
the eye of justice, in the judgment of every en-
lightened tribunal, if in point of legal operation
a law passed now operates of itself to emancipate
them all, although we should terminate disgrace-
fully the war to-morrow by recognizing the in-
dependence of those States, all the slaves within the
limits of those States would be free. If they would
not be free—and I imagine my fiiend from Ohio
will admit that it would not be so in point of law,
as we know it would not be in fact—if they would
not be free by theexercise of the legislative power
in that mode, then there is a limitation of that
power when exerted by the Legislature, as well
as a limitation upon it when that portion of it with
which the Constitution clothes the President is
exerted by the President; and what limitation is
that? The limitation of actual physical military
power. Get the slaves under the protection of
your standard, and if you think proper then is the
time, (and before then you are impotent to ac-
complish it,) make them free; but until then the
effort to accomplish it by the mere exercise of
legislative authority, in my judgment is just as
futile as the effort to accomplish it by the mere
exercise of executive authority.
Thatis notall. In order to gain the end which,
in common with a majority of the Senate, I have
at heart, the abolition of slavery by means of the
exercise of this legislative war power, my friend
must go a step further and show that it is a power
which may be exerted over the loyal as well as
the disloyal States. "Will that proposition bear
examination? The Constitution of the United
States, as we all know, in a state of peace gives
no power to any branch of the Government of the
United States to interfere with slavcryiu the States
A few wild men earned away by some loose and
undefined notions of human liberty with which
the Constitution does not deal, think that they find
m the piinciples of the Declaiation of independ-
ence and m the great piinciples whi«'h were the
object for establishing the Constitution of the
United States, principles so inconsistent with hu-
man slavery that the Constitution not only does
authori/.c the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment to put an end to it, but makes that the
duty of the Government; or rather, that it is so
inconsistent with the principles upon which the
Govei nnieii t is founded that the judiciary, ifcalled
upon to .decide, will decide that there can be no
human slavery. I will not stop to examine that.
I assume what, with the exception ot a few poi-
sons to whom I have just alluded, has been the
umveisal opinion—the opinion pionounccd by the
convention which nominated the present incum-
bent of the presidential chair, over and over again
announced on the floor of Congress, announced
upon the floor of Congress by overwhelming ma-
jorities since this rebellion commenced—that with
the existence of human slaveiy in the States, the
Constitution of the United States in a time of peace
has nothing whatever to do. If it has not, and I
admit, for argument's sake, or as I think is the
law, that in time of war the Government of the
United States may in a certain condition of things
e(Tt ct the object of freeing slaves, putting an end
to the institution under the military power, it can
only be in those cases and against those people
against whom they have a right to exert then-
power. Hccauseone ormoic States have seceded
and have earned their secession to an extent that
they have become belligeients in a certain sense
towaid the United States, what right have the
United States, in the exercise of the power which
they are authonzed to wield for the purpose of
putting down the rebellion and lemsiatsng the
authouty of the Government, to interfere with
the loyal States of Maryland, or Kentucky, or
Missouri? Have they any right to declare war
upon Maryland, orupon euherof the other States
that I have named? Certainly not; and if so far
from having theauthority to carry on war against
a loyal State, they are carrying on the war against
the disloyal States by means of the power of the
loyal States, including Mary land, Kentucky, and
Missouri, it is a contradiction in terms that in the
exercise of that war power they can, as --against
themselves, against the loyal States, exert an au-
thority incident alone to the war power, when the
war power itself is applicable alono to a state of
war. --
In my view, then, Mr. President, without
troubling the Senate further upon these two heads
of inquiry, what we seek, or what I wish to have
done, slavery abolished, cannot be done in either
of those two modes. Then there is another, an
amendment to the Constitution. Now it is said
it cannot be done in that mode. The honorable
member from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] if 1 under-
stood him correctly,in the very elaborate speech
which he delivered upon the subject a few days
since, full of all the learning which belongs to the
question and pregnant with a very ingenious ap-
plication of that learning, seems to think that there
is something in the admitted sovereignty of the
States which is inconsistent with the authority of
the people of the United States to amend the Con-
stitution so as to trench at all upon the existing
authority of the States. The honorable member
from Delaware [Mr. Saulsbury] takes another
ground, and that is, that as slaves are made prop-
erty by the laws of the States, that property, like
every other description of property, is not the sub-
ject of Government interference, except as that
interference may be necessary for its protection.
Now, a wotd or two upon each objection.
The honorable member from Kentucky is right
in saying that in a certain sense the States are
sovereign; but if he means by that to say that the
United States in another sense are not equally
sovereign, he is mistaken. The school of which
Mr. Calhoun was the head, and the antecedent
school by whose teachings he professed to be gov-
erned, that which had for its head Mr. Madison,
seemed to have been under the impression, and
unfortunately succeeded in inculcating it upon the
public mind too strongly for the peace of the
country, the safety and prosperity of his own sec-
tion, that the only sovereignty was that which
belonged to the States. There never wa<« a greater
political heresy. The States in the fiist place
were never disunited. As one they declared in-
dependence. As one they fought and conquered
the independence so declaied. As one, in orderto
make that independence fruitful of all the bless-
ings which they anticipated from it, they made the
Constitution of the United States. The Articles
of Confederation suddenly prepared were found
during the war, and for three or four years subse-
quent to the war, to be not only not suited to the
purposes of the men by whom those Articles were
agreed upon, but to be destructive of the very
purposes for which our fathers fought and bled
and triumphed in establishing their independence.
They met in convention,they adoptedihe Consti-
tution in convention, and recommended it not to
the States in the capacity of States, not to the
governments of the States as governments, but to
the people of the States for their adoption; and
they could have submitted it in no other way.
! Any other mode of laying it before the country
would have been inconsistent with the preamble
to the instrument, which states that it is the work
of the people as contradistinguished from the
Stales. How the people were to assemble, where
they were to assemble, what influences were to
govern them in deciding for oragainst the Curistt-
tution, is immaterial. When they once decided
in its favor, the people of each State agreed as a
people with the people of every other State that
that should be the form of Government. They
consented in adopting the Constitution as a peo-
ple. that the Constitution, if adopted by the people
of nine States, should be the Constitution of the
people of those States m the aggregate.
So said the Supreme Court of the United States
in the case of McCulloch vs. The State of Mary-"
land m the opinion given by Mr. Chief Justice
Marshall. So said the same court in the opin-
ion given, and it was the unanimous opinion, in
the case of Booth vs. The United States by the
i present Chief Justice. They both announced
| as the clear operation of the Constitution and as
j a fact ever to be borne m mind in construing the
i Constitution of the United States, that it was the
| adoption of the people of the United States, and
j that the sovereignty of the United States to the ex-
| tentof the powers conferred upon the Government
j of the United States and the sovereignty con-
I ferred upon the governments of the States by the
I people of the States respectively, was precisely
the same and no more than it would have been
if they had been framed and adopted at the same
time. That is to say, each State, except so far
as the people as a people had gone with other
