2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
possible under the bill itself; it would not be the
effect, as I suppose. I apprehend no such con-
sequence could follow; but still, in order to guard
against such an evil, I am entirely willing that
the amendment shall be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment wasagreed to.
-Mr. HARLAN. In section six, line twenty,
afterthe word " other," I move to insert the word
"public," and in the same line after the word
"States," I move to insert the words "not sold,
reserved, or otherwise disposed of, and to which a
preemption or homestead claim may not have at-
tached as aforesaid, and designated by odd num-
bers;" and after the word " lying," in the same
line, to insert " nearest to said tier of granted
sections;" so that the clause will read:
But if by reason of sale by the United States, or by pre-
emption or homestead right attaching to any such alternate
section or part of a section so hereby granted to said com-
pany, or if from any other cause the paid company shall be
unable to locate or receive the whole of five full alternate
sections per mile for each mile on each side of said road,
it shall in either case be lawful for said company to select,
locate, and receive patents for so much of the other public
lands of the United States not sold, reserved, or othci wise
disposed of, and to which a preemption or homestead claim
may not have attached as aforesaid, and denominated by
odd numbers, lying nearest to said tier of granted sections,
within twenty miles ot each side of said load, as wiLl make
up the quantity granted, fee.
Mr. HOWARD, I have no objection to that
amendment, but it is provided for by other pro-
visions of the bill.
The amendment to theamendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. In the twenty-seventh line
of the same section, after the word "company," i
move to insert the following words: "except such
as shall be necessary to the operating and work-
ing of said mines." The clause proposed to be
amended reads thus:
But all mineral lands, except those containing mines of
iron or coal, shall he excluded from the opeiation of this
section, although where the same shall contain timber the
timber thereon is hereby granted to said company.
A sufficiency of timber requisite to the opera-
tion of a mine is as necessary as the mine itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will allow me, why not strike out this
grant of timber to the company: They will have
other lands in lieu of these mineral lands.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 understand that tlmtgrant
is made to them in the act of 38(>*2, and it is now
in the nature of a vested right, and 1 understand
this is a continuation of it. That, of course, in-
volves a very important question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator does notun-
derstand me. Notwithstanding it was in the law
of 1862, the bill wc are now passing will not be
binding upon the companies unless they accept
it, and if they do accept it, that would do away
with the vested right.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the Senator from Il-
linois is right. Under the law as it now stands
 the companies are not permitted to go outside of
the ten mile limits to make up for deficiencies, nor
are they allowed to go on any mineral lands. As
an equivalent for being excluded from all mineral
lands, it was provided that they might take the
timber off the mineral lands; but this bill now pro-
vides that they may go outside of the ten mile
limits, within twenty miles, in order to select
lands to gmke up the deficiency, llence I think
they ought not to be allowed to go outside of the
sweep of tho timber that may be found in that
country.
Mr. CONNESS. If that is the understanding,
I will agree to the striking out of this clause.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw his amendment?
Mr. POMEROY. I hope not.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not. It is suggested,
however, that the grant of timber contained in
the clause that I propose to modify by my amend-
ment shall be stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. A great deal of this land is
called mineral laud where there are no mines.
The surveyors will return a whole tract of coun-
try as mineral land, although but a small portion
of it may contain mines. Theamendment of the
Senator from California, however, is a good one.
There may be some mines, and wherever there
are mines there should be a sufficient amount of
timber reserved to the mines for their working.
Mr. CONFESS. I agree to the suggestion of
the Senator from Kansas. Notwithstanding the
grant made to these companies, wherever the
mineral lands are excepted from the grant there
should be a reservation of sufficient timber to go
with those mines to provide for their winking.
That is a necessity. Otherwise you expose the
persons upon those lands engaged in mining to
any tax that the owners of this timber may see
fit to impose. I will ask the Senator from Illi-
nois whether he desires to strike out that clause?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought there was no
necessity for it. Where they do notget the min-
eral land thq>y get other land in lieu of it, and
they are just as likely to get timber upon that. I
do not see that theie is any necessity for the
clause. I am not paiticular about it.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I wish to insert the
words I have offered as an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from California that his amendment would
be very likely to lead to complications and diffi-
culties between the proprietors of the mines and
the company as to what timber will be necessary
for the working of the mines. I do not really
think there is much importance in the grant of
timber upon these lands to the company, because,
if the company do not get the lands where the
minerals are, they will get other lands in lieu of
them, and they will be just as likely to get tim-
ber on those other lands as on the mineral lands.
I do not think there is any importance in it. If
the amendment that the Senator suggests is in-
serted, he will readily see that it will lead to dis-
putes as to what is necessary.
Mr. CONNESS. In a mining country there
can be no dispute as to what is necessary. To
work a mine, certain tunneling and bridging is
necessary, and certain timber is necessary for
that purpose. Everybody understands it. There
will be no trouble between the miners and the pro-
prietor in this case, tlie grantees coming to an
exact understanding. I wish in every rase where
the timber is granted to insert a provision of this
kind. If the Government allows the people to
work those lands and search for minerals and
precious metals in them, they should be protect-
ed in the use of the necessary amount ot timber
to facilitate that woik.
Mi. HAHLAN. 1 had pieparid an amend-
ment to oft'-T to the amendment of the committee
proposing to insert the words that 1 hold in my
hand, which 1 think will cover the case, at the
same pointthat theSenatorsuggests. My amend-
ment would be to insert after the word " com-
pany" m the twenty-seventh line of the sixth
section these words:
To the extent that said selection*, together with the
planted sections and pait*ot section*, may Ull short of ten
full sections per mile.
So that if they were unable to secure ten full
sections ofland per mile on account of the exist-
ence of mineral lands and not agricultural lands,
and if these mineial lands should contain timber,
they may take the timber from the mineral lands
to an amount sufficient to make up the full num-
ber of ten sections per mile. Although they would
not receive the land,it being mineral, they would
receive the timber growing on the land; if other-
wise, they would receive the land had it not been
mineral.
Mr. CONNESS. That covers it exactly.
Mr. HARLAN. I think this amendment will
effect the object, if the Senator will adoptit.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to the
amendment of the Senator; but in addition to that
—I will pass it by now—it will require a provis-
ion such as I have suggested.
I want to be clearly understood,if possible, be-
fore I take my seat, on this point. 1 understand
that by the act of 1802 the timber upon the lands
in the mining section of the country—and in Cal-
ifornia it covers a distance of about one hundred
and twenty miles on the line of the road—for ten
miles wide on each side of the road has been
granted to the company as an absolute grant.
Tiie mines are permitted to be worked there by
the Government, and the lands containing the
mines aie not granted to the company; and I de-
sire that a provision be inserted accompanying
this grant of timber in every case-
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, the old bill only gave them the timber on the
mineral lands of the odd sections, not of the even
sections.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well. I propose that
on those sections the miner shall be allowed the
amount of timber necessary to operate his mine.
We will come to it by and by.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the Senator to
say that he will accept the language I have sent
to the Secretary as a modification of his motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question,
then, is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa.
The amendment to theamendmentwasagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment in section ten, line twenty, after the word
thereon," by inserting the words " from the
date of this indorsement;" and after the word
"obligor," at the end of the twenty-third line,
by inserting:
And the said indorsement shall bear the date of the com-
pletion of tiie section of the road on account of which it
was issued, as *hown by the report of the commissioners
piovided for m this act.
So that the clause will read:
The United States hereby undo take and agree with the
lawful holder of the within bond to pay the iii«.t veai's in-
terest aectmng thereon, fiom the date of this indorsement,
as a gratuity to the Union Pacific K.ulroad Company, the
obligor, and to pay the interest aceiumg thereon lor the
subsequent nineteen yeat«, immediately upon default of
such pavment by said obligor; and the said indor-.emi'nt
shall bear the date of the <.imipleuou of the section of the
road on account of which it was issued, as shown by the
report of the commissioners piovided lor in this act.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know but that that
amendment may be in the usual form. It occurs
to me, however, that the body of the bond will
provide in itself when and where the interest shall
be paid, and this indorsement on the back of the
bond that the interest shall be reckoned fioin the
date of that indoisement may conflict with the
body of the bond itself. Each bond in itself pro-
vides when it shall be paid, and where the pun-
cipal and interest shall be paid. I do not think it
is contemplated thatthe interest should bear fiom
the date of the indorsement, but from the time
specified in the bond.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa entertains a wrong apprehension
as to the railroad scheme which the bill proposes,
The company—I take as an example the union
Pacific Railroad Company—on its organization,
and on tho passage of this bill, will have the right
at mice to issue its own corporate bonds under
its corporate seal, to sell them to A, B, C, and
D, to any person who may see fit to buy them,
to fill the market with them, if you please, to the
amount of millions upon millions. That is the
corporate right of the company. The United
States undertake to guaranty the payment of
twenty years* inteiest upon these bonds; but they
do not give this guarantee until the vaiious sec-
tions of forty or twenty miles of the road shall
have been completed, and until evidence of that
completion is submitted to the President of the
United States, and by him to the Secretary of the
Treasury. Plow would this operate then ? If the
obligation of the Government to pay the interest
on the bonds is not to accrue and commence until
the indorsement is actually made upon the bond
by the Secretary of the Treasury, there will be
great difficulties arising from it. These bonds
may be sold in the market on the faith of the stat-
ute which we are about to pass, that the Govern-
ment will pay the twenty years' interest upon
them from the date of the bond; that is, from tho
date of its issue. That is the only value con-
nected with the guarantee of the United States.
It is the principal element which gives credit and
value to the bond of the company, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall pay the inter-
est for twenty years from its date, and not merely
from the date of the indoisement. We do not
know at what date the bond may be made. It
may be made to-day; it may be made ten years
hence. It is immaterial to the United States
what the date of the bond may be. The under-
taking of the Government is to pay ten yeais'
interest upon it, beginning with the date of the
bond.
Mr. CONNESS. It seems to me also, sir, that
this is a veiy proper consideration as contained
in the bill as we now find it: theguaiantee ofthe
Government should be entirely separate and apart
from the body of the bond, which is the workof
the company.
Mr. HARLAN. This is an important amend-
ment, 1 admit. If the bill should take effect as
it now stands, and the company should put under
