1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from the Committee on Military Affairs, amend-
atory of the Senate bill entitled "An act for en-
rolling and calling outtlie national forces, and for
oilier purposes," approved March 3, 1863, was
ordered to be printed a few days since. In that
priming so many errors occurred in the arrange-
ment of the sentences and otherwise, that it was
found necessary to have the whole reprinted. It
has now been reprinted, and will be furnished to
members in a correct form, as reported by the
committee.
I yesterday entered a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate bill was sent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
To-morrow, when this printed form, as reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, is before
the House, I shall move to take up that motion to
reconsider.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The motion of Mr. MORRILL was then
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the bill of the
House (No. 151) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1865,
on which the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, while I would
not like to ictard the progress of this bill by the
discussion of irrelevant matter, I regard early ac-
tion upon the joint resolution for the termination
of the reciprocity treaty as no unimportant mat-
ter; and, not knowing when the Committee on
Commerce will be able to report upon that sub ject,
I shall avail myself of the privilege of general de-
bate, not yet closed, to present the views I had
designed to, whenever the subject should be prop-
erly before the House.
The joint resolution relative to the reciprocity
treaty with Great Britain was introduced by me
for discussion and action now because the allotted
time when the year's notice for the termination of
the treaty can be legally given draws near, and
because it is a subject upon which, however we
may lie divided upon other questions, I am willing
to assume every member of this House will reach
and act upon conclusionsjustified by sound states-
manship and supported by what I take to be the
general voice of the American people, as it is not
too much to take for granted that no part of our
people are contented with the treaty as it now
stands.
We are a nation of producers, and one of the
paramount duties of legislators is to see that pro-
ducers are profitably employed and have a market
for their products. Now, more than ever, should
exports be encouraged, and any excess of im-
ports vigilantly avoided. Butthe treaty is framed
on the idea that we are a nation of consumers,
and therefore it gives employment, not to us, but
to provincial producers. It furnishes a new mar-
ket for the agiicullural productions of the prov-
inces, rather than for those of the United States.
The joint resolution is not moved from petty
spite, engendered by the unfriendly sentiments
which a few subjects of the British Crown have
been recently so swift to avow,as it appears to me
for the interest and reputation of both countries
to maintain the cordial relations of perpetual am-
ity and good will; butthe treaty, whether viewed
as a foreign or domestic measure, seems to have
been equally impolitic. Beyond all cavil it has
proved unfortunate as a contract, and to me itap-
pears equally clear to be, so far as it is a positive
or negative revenue measure, unconstitutional.
Not only is it one-sided, and profitless to our peo-
ple, hut among its fruits we do not find any com-
pensation of gratitude or increased respect tor us
on the part of the Government or of tliose ot its
dependencies most benefited, and our own self-
respect requires its earliest termination. Ill the
disposal of this and kindred questions, it is also
time the authority of this House was asserted and
vindicated.
The framers of the Constitution of the United
States intended to place the power of taxation,
whether external or internal, within the control
of the House of Representatives, the most numer-
ous legislative branch of the Government and
most directly responsible to the people. With this
view they copied a part of the unwritten constitu-
tion of England which has prevailed there since the
time ofCharles I, and 'is to this day more resolutely
insisted upon by the House of Commons khan
any other privilege of. lib#ty wrung from reluc-
tant nobles or obstinate kings. Our Constitution
declares that" bills for raising revenue shall ori-
ginate in the House of Representatives." Thus
far the practice, so far as it technically relates to
such " bills," has never been directly m hostility
to this rule, although in 1856, under the lead of
Mr. Hunterand Mr.'Toombs, the Senate attempted
to originate appropriation bills. These money bills
were placed in the control of the Representatives
of the people as an offset for the equal represent-
ation of States in the Senate. In bills of supply
in the British Parliament, so jealous are the Com-
mons, that in the preamble the name of the House
of Lords is omitted—the enacting clause reciting
the grant as wholly their own.
The originating power of taxation is indubita-
bly placed in the House of Commons, which claims
to have a fundamental right as to matter, meas-
ure, and the time. The exalted attitude of Eng-
land, it is declared by British authorities, is mostly
owing to this transference of executive power to
the House of Commons.
On this subject it was intended to confer upon
the House of Representativespowerand respons-
ibility which cannot be and ought not to be re-
nounced. To Congress—not to the treaty-making
power—belongs the powerofregulatingcommerce
with foreign nations, as well as the power to levy
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises.
I do not hesitate to say that commercial treaties,
of the character of the reciprocity treaty, go far
to wrest from the House its proper constitutional
authority, and the cooperation of the House puts
in peril the rule which is one of the prominent
safeguards of American liberty. So long as ex-
ternal taxation, or a duty upon imports, or so long
as internal taxation or a tax upon home produc-
tions, must be resorted to for the support of the
Government, the House of Representatives has.
no right to surrender or even hold in abeyance
any part of its legitimate functions touching the
poweroftaxation. Such treaties obviously shackle
us by engagements which preclude the free regula-
tion of our domestic interests, however great the
emergency.
The unlimited power of the British Crown to
make treaties and to make war, places this ques-
tion there, it is true, upon a different footing from
what it rests on here under the Constitution of the
United States. A treaty made only in behalf of
colonies, also, is not the same as one embracing
the mother country. And, furthermore, as a prac-
tical question in Great Britain, no other nation
pioducing manufactures more cheaply, revenue
from duties upon imports has become of trivial
importance.
It will hardly be controverted that the House
of Representatives should be free at all times, and
especially now, to exert its just powers untram-
mcled by treaties and clear of encroachments
upon the part of other branches of the Govern-
ment. It cannot be for the interest of any de-
partment of the Government to see any other crip-
pled or falling into disuse and disrepute, and it is
in the interest of liberty that the lights and privi-
leges of the House should be always maintained
in full strength and proper proportions.
I have not time within an hour to even present
all the facts at hand relative to the economical value
of the recipiocity tieaty, and therefore the consti-
tutional question, save to a limited extent, will be
left to abler hands, although I may say it is of
greater importance than even the large economical
interests involved. 1 may, however, be pardoned
for recalling to the notice of the House some por-
tions of the history of the treaty proposed, but not
ratified, with the Zollverein, by Mr, Wheaton,
(March 25, lb44,) and made on the basis of"equiv-
alent and reciprocal reduction of duties.
Although the Piesident in his message an-
nounced to the Senate that it would be, when rat-
ified, transmitted to the House of Representatives
for its consideration and action, the treaty was
rejected by the Senate, and propcily rejected, on
! the ground, as stated in the report of the Com-
mittee on Foieign Relations, that it was
"Ail innovation on the ancient and uniform practice of
the Government to change (by tieaty) duties laid bylaw."
And that
" "I he Con-titution, in expie&s terms, delegates the powei
to Congress to regulate commerceand to impose duties,
to no othei, and tliat the control of trade and the function
of taxing belong, without atirtdgment'or patt'ictpatiSM,«S
Congress." ■ ■'
Secretary Upshur was not entirely unmirtdful
of the rights of the House, as in his instruction^
he had directed Mr. Wheaton to proceed1, '•
" Bearing always in mind that the sanction of dotigfessV
as well as of the Executive, will bs iri<iispenSably re((Oired
before we aecompllslMlie object in contemplation*.? „ ; ...
lie ought also to have remembered that what
one Congress might sanction another might not,
and that one Cpngress cannot by its actioii den.
prive any succeeding Congress of its constitu-
tional privileges. *
If the treaty embraced subjects se| apart and
confided to the consideration of'Congressunder the
express provisions of tile Constitution, it would
seem to follow that such a* treaty would be void
ab initio, for one House, or the Senate, is con-
cluded from any exclusive control of thesesub-
jects. A power held by both Houses jointly can
only be exercised jointly. The treaty-making
power cannot set itself up as " supreme" to the
Constitution. And where the subject-matter em-
braced is of the class which in its inception' ex-
clusively belongs to the House of Representatives
or will trammel the exercise of the provision that
" all bills for raising revenue shall originate in the
House of Representatives," it is an evasionwhicli
only requires to be carried far enough to practi-
cally extinguish one of the plainest edicts'of the
Constitution, and would nullify that popular con-
trol which it has hitherto been supposed wise for"
the House to maintain over the purse-strings of
the nation.
Such a treaty when ratified could hardly be
made more valid by a previous transmission to
the House for its action thereon. Their opinion
would be entitled to the same legal force as that
of any other equal number of equally respectable
gentlemen, and no more. All the binding force of
forms would be perfect without thatcourtesy and
without their action. The fact of exceeding their
powers by the Executive and Senate, the other
high contracting party, unless first noted on their
part, would not be bound to regard, and a non-
fulfillment of the treaty would furnish sufficient
reasons for reprisals, and in the sequel possible
war. This is the construction given by our own
Government, under General Jackson in 1831, to
the treaty of indemnity with Fiance for spolia-
tions when the French legislative bodies refused
or neglected to appropriate the amount of indem-
nity stipulated by the treaty. The only safe policy
for the Executive of the United States in relation
to such treaties is to renounce forever the power
to make them.
It is not a little surprising that in 1854 the House
of Representatives should have been less mindful
of their own privileges than the Senate had been
ten years before. I'he reciprocity treaty con-
cluded with Great Britain went much further even
than the proposed treaty with the Zollverein.
While the latter only proposed a reduction of du-
ties, giving and receiving supposed equivalents,
the former struck off all duties from numerous
and a very important class of products. The in-
convenience of this treaty has been more or less
dormant while our revenue was abundant, but
when the present rebellion burst forth, and it be-
came necessary to largely augment the resources
of the Treasury, the inconvenience was demon-
strated at every step. In the adjustment of the
internal revenue, as well as the tariff, the hands
of the Government were tied up. Large resources
were utterly lost because the waste-gates in the
Canadian frontier were open and could not be
closed, at least until the treaty should be termin-
ated. We had not only to forego revenue, aban-
don legitimate objects of taxation, but were com-
pelled to make taxes moie burdensome upon our
own people in order to continue unimpaired the
favors heedlessly lavished upon neighbors-in-law,
whose friendship for the past few years, if it had
been exhibited, might have been appreciated and
proved current as some compensation for the pe-
cuniary sacrifices made under the treaty.
The legislative action on the part of the House,
perhaps, binds the good faith of the nation to the
execution of the reciprocity treaty, though there
is no more doubt of the power even to repeal the
i act which gives it vitality than of any other act
of Congress. But its repeal prior to the expira-
tion of the term as agreed upon, like a refusal to
