1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contract the whole line of this road and issue
bonds for the construction, as it may, to one con-
tractor, the bonds would bear date of coarse fiom
the date of the contract; I will suppose it to be
the date of the taking effect of this law. The
bonds will run until the holders choose to present
them to the Secretary of the Treasury Jor an in-
dorsement. They need not present any of them
at any particular time; and the company may
have thirteen full years under this tyll for the
completion of the road. If at any time after
completing forty miles of a certain portion ofthe
road or twenty miles of other sectionsof the road
the bonds are presented to the Secretary of the
Treasury, he will be compelled to make this in-
dorsement and the interest will become due, first
from the company but in the end from the Treas-
ury of the United States, from the date of the
bond, which may be thirteen years from the time
the bond was issued; and this must be paid in
gold and silver. The whole amount of more than
the face of the bond would thus be due from the
Government of the United States the very mo-
ment that thtr Secretary placed on the bond this
indorsement I supposed that the object of the
committee was—that is my desire atleast—to ob-
ligate the Government to pay theintereston these
bonds from the date of the completion of each
section of the road, for a period of twenty years,
provided the company should fail to pay it.
Mr. HOWARD. It is in that point that the
Senator from Iowa is entirely mistaken. The
committee intend that the holders of the bonds
issued by the company shall have the benefit of
the Government credit for any purpose connected
with this road, and that that benefit shall accrue
to the company and to the holder of the bond the
moment this bill shall become a law, so that they
may take their bonds into the market and sell
them and raise money to go on with the work.
The holders of the bonds are not to wait nor are
the companies to wait until after the road shall
be completed. To make such a requisition in
the bill would be to defeat the scheme almost en-
tirely. Let me refer once ag;uin to the clause.
Section eight of the bill which i hold in my hand
declares—
That no United States bonds fdmll be issued under the
act of which this is an amendment; but the saidconipany
may make, execute, and issue its own first mortgage bunds,
to be feigned by us president and secretary, and sealed
with the eorpoiate seal of the company, to the tollowing
amounts in lespeet ol the following parts of said road> and
under the following condition;*, to wit.
They may issue the bonds whenever they see
fit under their corporate seal. Then section ten
is as follows;
That for the purpose of aiding said company in the
construction, completion, arid equipment of said railroad
and telegraph hue from the initial point on the said one
hundredth meridian of wuht longitude to it  western point
of termination on the western bonndaiy of the Territory
of Nevada, such tint mortgage bonds of said Union Pa-
cific Raihoad Company may be produced to the Secretary
ofthe Tieasury ofthe United States—•
They may be produced at any time—
And upon the piesentation to him ftho Secretaiy] of
the certificates of the said commissioners of the compie-
. tlon and equipment as herein required ot any of the por-
tions of forty miles or twenty miles, as the ease may be, or
of consecutive portions exceeding those portions m length,
the Secretary ot the Treasury shall indorse upon each and
every of such first mortgage bonds so produced to him under
Jus hand theguarantee ot the United Statesof the payment
ofthe interest thereon, in the following words, namely.
Then follows the guarantee. The same section
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
cause all such bonds to be entered and properly
registered m books to lie kept for that puipose, in
which all the bonds are to be described. It goes
further, and declares that the Secretary shall note
upon each of the bonds the certificate under which
it is issued; that is, the certificate of the commis-
sioners of the completion ofsuch antl such a section
of the road. The Secretary is to note upon each
ofthe bonds the " certificate under which the same
is issued by proper numbers or other distinct mode
of identification." The very object, therefore,
which the Senator seems to havein view is al-
ready accomplished by the bill, inasmuch as it
requires the Secretary, wheneverheputsupon the
back of one of these bonds the Government guar-
antee, to note upon the bond the certificate under
which it has been issued. There can be no misap-
prehension or mistake as to the sections of thfM'oad
to which these various bonds appertain. Every
bond is to be properly registered and entered in
a book to be kept by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. The great misapprehension of the Senator
from Iowa seems to have been that the bonds
were not to be. issued until the road was com-
pleted. If we should wait until that time the
contractors and the company would" be entirely
deprived of all benefit of the Government guar-
antee during the long and tedious period of con-
structing the road.
Mr. SHERMAN. My attention was not be-
fore called to the difficulty that may grow out of
this bill; and I think it is a question well worthy
of the consideration of the honorable Senator from
Michigan. It is a much more difficult matter than
he imagines it to be. The eighth section author-
izes the company to issue their bonds, but does not
require them to be issued only as the road pro-
gresses, or as the road is completed. The tenth
section requires the Secretary of the Treasury to
guaranty the payment of the interest on the
bonds. Suppose that in advance ofthe completion
of any portion of the road they should issue bonds
to thejtmount of $10,000,000. After the first sec-
tion of the road is completed, the United States
must guaranty the payment of the interest that
has already accrued, past due, as you may say.
Is that the purpose of the bill? That is not my
idea of the bill, and I could not vote for itif such
a construction were placed upon it.
My idea is this: that the persons who invest
their capital in tlijs undertaking should proceed to
complete forty miles of the road, and then we
should authorize them to issue their own bonds to
a certain amount, to be fixed by the law, and,
simultaneously with the issue of their bonds, the
United States should guaranty the payment of
the interest. That, I tlunk, is the meaning of the
two sections when you take them together; but
if there is any doubt about it, that doubt ought
to be removed. The eighth section, it seems to
me, ought to contain a proviso that no bonds
should be issued by the company until it had
completed a certain section of the road, and
that they should be issued from time to time as
the load was completed, and, simultaneously
with their issue, the Secretary of the Treasury
should make the guarantee. In any other way you
might place it in the power of the directors of this
railroad company to issue their bonds to a large
sum, thirty or forty million dollars, sell those
bonds, and get the money in their own hands
without security to the Government, and yet you
would compel the Government, as they construct
the road section by scction, to guaranty the in-
terest on the bonds, although one half of the in-
terest may have accrued. It would throw upon
the United States the interest of the whole of the
bonds from this date, at the pleasure of tile rail-
road company, and compel them to pay all the
past accrued interest, although the road was not
completed.
The intention of Congress, as gathered from
thege two sections is, to authorize the railroad
company to issue their own bonds instead of re-
ceiving bonds from the United States. Underthe
old act this railroad company could not receive
the bonds of the United States until they com-
pleted a section of forty miles, and then they would
have a right to demand the bonds of the United
States. The main idea of this bill is, instead of
issuing the bonds of the United States, to authorize
the companies to issue their own bonds with the
guarantee of the United States ofthe interest. The
same limitation as to the time when these bonds
should be issued should be attached to section
eight of this bill as was contained in the act of
1862, that the bonds shall not be issued until after
a section of the road has been completed, and then
the guarantee shall be made simultaneously. If
that is done, there can be no trouble about it.
There will be no practical difficulty in the way,
because this railroad company should not expect
the guarantee of the United States except as they
build this road section by section. The sections
of the road -have been made less in this bill than
in the old one in order not to throw too much bur-
den upon them, and to give them the full benefit
of the aid of the Government from time to time
as they completed the sections of the road. 1
should dislike very much to vote for this bill with
a construction that would authonze the company
to issue the aggregate of their bonds now, and
then as the road was completed to compel the
United States to pay in gold the interest past due
that had been accumulating for two, three, four,
or five years. I do not think that wa:; the inten-
tion in framing the bill, and I do not tlitnk it is",
right to pass it if there is any danger of such a
construction. • , , - ,
Mr. CONNESS. That was not th«.intention
of the bill. * • •
Mr. POMEROY. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio measurably. 1 do n?t think it was
the intention, if that is the construction to be
placed upon it, we will cetainly have the bill
altered. But I do not think it, is the i 1)trrition .
of the bill, I do not think it is the letter Of, the ,
spiritof the bill, that this railroad companyshould
issue a large amount of railroad bonds, and sell
them before they complete forty miles or any
other portion of the road. As I understand it,
this bill or amendment reported b,y the commit-
tee is simply a substitute for the old law in this
particular. The law of 1862 granted $16,000 a
mile, principal and interest, for thirty years; this
bill grants the interest of $24,000 a mile for twenty ,
years. The interest on §24,000 for twenty years
is exactly equal to the interest on $16,000 for thirty
years. The difference between this bill and the
act of 1862 is just $16,000. Under the old bill
we were to get the principal and interest from the
Government in case the company should prove a
defaulter, and under this bill we simply get the
interest. It is better than the old bill to the com-
pany, as $16,000 a mile is better than-nothing.
Mr. CONNESS. Why does the Senator say
" we?"
Mr. POMEROY. I say "we" because, in
common with all the men of the West, I feel in-
terested in this road, and I use it only in that
regard.
Mr. President, this bill is soguarded, orshould
be, that when forty miles of the road are com-
pleted and certificates presented to the president
that such is the fact, the bonds should then for
the first time be presented to the Secretary 'of the
Treasury and he should then indorse upon them
the guarantee ofthe Government, and they should
be holden for twenty years only from that date.
There is no mistake about that. They should
not be holden to pay for any interest that had
accrued on the bond prior to presentation, because
there may be a conflict between parties. Here
may be various parties holding these bonds, and
as soon as forty miles of the road are built, A,
B, and C may rush to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for his guarantee, and there will be a con-
flict which will have no end. This measure
should be so guarded that the bonds should not
of necessity even be issued or presented until
forty miles of the road are built, and then only
enough bonds should be issued and presented to
meet the guarantee contained in the bill, which
is, on this side of the Rocky mountains, |24,000
a mile.
I desire to make one other remark. I do not
know that it is for the interest of this road or the
Government that these bonds should of necessity
run thirty years. The Government guarantees
the interest for twenty years. Why not allow
the company if it chooses to issue twenty-year
bonds?
Mr. HOWARD. They can.
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot under this bill. ,
Under this bill they are obligated to have thirty-
year bonds, as will be seen by looking to the pro-
vision in section eight, on the 20th page of the
bill:
Said company may make and execute as aforesaid its
first mortgage botida in sums of §1,000 each, payable in
thirty yeaid after date.
I can conceive of a case in which the company
may desire to change the nature of its bonds at
the end of the twenty years when the Govern-
mentguarantee shall close. I should like to have an
amendment put in there to allow them to execute
their bonds far a period "not exceeding thirty
years." But such an amendment is not now in
order, and I will not move it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is an important pro-
vision reserved to the Government. We do not
want the principal of the bonds to become due
when the guarantee of the Government expires.
In the first place, a person would prefer a long
bond to a short one. The longer a bond has to
run the better it is for the holder; and it is better
for the Government that the principal of the bond
should not fall due at the end of their guarantee.
The bondholder would then rely upon the secu-
