1424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5.
There was a time when I believed that for ages
and ages they might go on, that the abolition of
the institution would he the result of peaceful
causes, influences, though silent, persuasive; but,
as 1 think, owing to misjudging philanthropy in
one section, and to a traitorous purpose in an-
other, that time, in my view, has passed. Let
the institution be abolished, and the subject is
taken from the political controversies of the day
on which and in relation to which alone the south-
em people can be excited to madness by the
traitors who may come into existence from time
to time. Their first effort to destroy the Govern-
ment was by the declared asserted oppressions
of the tariff and its unconstitutionality. That
failed thirty odd years ago. The present incum-
bent of the presidential chair is elected, elected
by a sectional vote, and the moment the news
reaches Charleston where some of the leading con-
spirators were, and here in this Chamber where
others were to be found, it was hailed not with
regret but with delight. Why? Because, as they
thought, it would enable them to drive the South
to madness by appealing to the danger in which
such an event involved this institution which the
people were made to believe was so essential to
their power and to their happiness, and that will
be repeated over and over again just as long as
the institution is suffered to remain. Terminate
it, and the wit of man will, as I think, be unable
to devise any other topic upon which we can be
involved in a fratricidal strife. God and nature,
judging by the history of the past, intend us to
be one. Our unity is written in the mountains
and the rivers, in which we all have an interest.
The very differences of climate render each im-
portant to the other and alike important. That
mighty horde which from time to time have ^onc
from the Atlantic, imbued with all the principles
of human freedom which animated their fathers
in running the perils of the mighty deep ami
seeking liberty here, are now there, and as they
have said they will continue to say until time shall
be no more: We mean that the Government in
future shall be as it has been in the past, one,an
example of human freedom for the light and ex-
ample of the world, and illustrating in the bless-
ings and the happiness it confers the truth of the
principles incorporated into the Declaration of In-
dependence, that life and liberty are man's in-
alienable i ight.
Mischiefs may be the result of such a measure,
but, a?? I think, they will be temporary; hut mis-
chiefs must he the result of what has already oc-
curred; the institution is now fatally wounded; it
can survive but to fester and to trouble us; and it
would be a disgrace to the nation jf we could
suffer those Africans, whom we aie now calling
around our standard and asking to aid us in re-
storing the Constitution and the power of the
Government to its rightful authority, to be re-
duced to hondnge again. Upon a question like
that the heart gives the answer in advance of the
intellect it proclaims at rtnee in a tone that would
fill the land, carrying lebuke, stern and crushing,
to whoever may deny it, "No, no, never; free-
dom oncc enjoyed none but a biute m this age of
the world would take it fiom its object."
Now, sir, a word or two more, and I shall he
done. The honorable member from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Cow\n] inquired what difference there
will he on the cessation of this war between the
condition of an apprentice or a child who has
been summoned into the service of the country
and the condition of a slave. All the difference
in the world, all the difference imaginable'. In
the first, justice has nothing to plead, the mas-
ter's iiuthmity may be reinstated, the relation of
apprenticeship restored, no wrong-civil or moral
perpetrated; but in the last,to restore the victim
to slavery is a ei uelty nut less but more in degree
than to take away his life, i have always thought
that. Terminate whenever the struggle may,
whatever may be the condition of this race when
it shall tei minafe, if it be, as I trust in God it will
bo, a state of freedom, that is to be as permanent
aw is our own freedom. We are to share the
same dangers, enjoy according to our power and
our means aiui our ability the same prosperity,
and when we die, die as men, and not as chattels.
The only practical mischief of the measure is
the condition of the slaves. They are uneducated.
If there was nothing in the teachinga of morality
which as I think belong to an unadulterated moral
constitution, showing the wickedness of this in-
stitution, showing bow inconsistent it is with such
piinciples and with religion, it might be shown
by appealing to the conduct of the slave-owners
themselves. Why are these poor creatures kept
in a state of absolute ignorance? Why is educa-
tion, the most humble, denied them? Why are
the Holy Scriptures kept from their hovels r Why?
Can there be but one answer: that if they knew
what knowledge imparts, if they knew what the
gospel of our Saviour inculcates, they would be
freemen, or sooner or later die in the effort to ob-
tain it?
Mr. President, I feel that I have taken up much
more of the time of the Senate than I had a right
to exact, and I conclude with saying,not a truth
which every Senator here does not feel as strongly
as I feel, but with saying what is indelibly en-
graved upon my soul, that we owe it not only to
ourselves and to those who are to follow us, but
to humanity, to bring this war to a successful re-
sult. All otherconsiderationsshould,for a time,
be forgotten. One single object should ever be
before us—the restoration of the Union; and when
it shall be restored,as I trust in Providence it will
be, and unquestionably can be, if the power of the
Government is exerted as it may be, we shall be
restored, I trust, with a Government, national and
State, in which human bondage has no place, and
when we shall be able to say to the world, " How-
ever late we were in carrying out the principles of
our institutions, we have at last accompjished it.
The Union is restored, and slavery is terminated."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland in a portion of his
remarks referred to a position which I assumed the
other day, that it was not competent for the people
of the States by ratification to make the proposed
amendment to the Constitution obligatory upon
any protesting State; and he was kind enough in
that connection to put a question to me and to tell
me that I could answer it hereafter. I shall not at-
tempt, as it is now near the hour of adjournment,
to answer that question this afternoon; but I will
take occasion, before the debate closes upon this
proposed amendment to the Constitution to give
an answer to that question, and to propound per-
haps one or two m reply in reference to some
of the positions of the honorable Senator in his
speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the, amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis,] upon whichthe yeas and
nays have been owlered.
Mr. DAVIS and others called for the reading
of the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to st like out all after the word " namely" in the
amendment repoi ted by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and to insert:
No negro, ot person whose mother or giaiulmother is or
was a lvgro, shall be a citizen of the United and he
eligible to anyehitoi military office, or to any place of
trust or piofit undoi the United i?tat«s.
The question being taken by yens and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
YHAS—Messrs. lUickalew, lJavb, Powell, Riddle, and
SaiiMmiy—#
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clailc, Collamer,
Conner, IJixoti, Doohnlc, Fe«v< n«l jn, Foot, Grimes,
liaidimi, Harlan. Ham-, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Aloigan, Momil, Pomeroy,
Ramsey. Sherman, Hpia ue, Sumner, Ten Hjck, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wiilej, and Wilson—>3-2.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose another amendment'
to the amendment of the committee; it is at the
end of section one of the proposed artielc to in-
sert:
But no negro, oi poison whose mother or grandmother is
or was a negro, slnill be a citizen of the United States, or
be eligible to any civil or military oifice, or to any place of
tnist or p;ofit undei the United .States.
Mr. HALE. Can that amendment be amended
"TheVlCE PRESIDENT. It cannot; itisan
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. HALE. I should like to put in the great
grandmother also. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not that the same
amendment on which we just voted?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has the
impression thatit is a little different, but can only
tell from recollection.
Mr. DAVIS. This is the difference: the prop-
osition upon which we voted before was a sub-
stitute for the proposed constitutional amendment;
this is an amendment to the amendment by add-
ing to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is this in the same
words as the proposition just voted upon ?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, in the opin-
ion ofthe Chair, it is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. Let me suggest this: the first
amendment I offered was as a total substitute for
the amendment of the committee; I offer it now
as an amendment to be appended to the commit-
tee 's amendment, which, if adopted, will be a part
of that proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, the amendment is m order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall have the
amendmentof the Scnatorfrom New Hampshire,
[Mr. Hale,] for although it is not in order to
amend an amendment to an amendment, I have
no doubt the Senator from Kentucky will accept
whatever the Senator from New Hampshire may
propose. That would be in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not hear the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New
Hampshire proposed to amend the amendment of
the Senator from Kentucky, which the Chairde-
cided to be out of order; but I understand that if
the Senator from Kentucky will accept the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire, it
will be in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will state what his amendment
was.
Mr. POWELL. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. T wonder what the Senator from
Rhode Island has to do with any suggested
amendment by the Senator from New Hampshire
to my amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. Merely to endeavorto rec-
oncile the difficulty between the two Senators.
[Laugh tor.]
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator might as well at-
tend to his own business. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Powell] moves that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeaa and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; but four
Senators seconding the call.
The question being put,
_ The VICE PRESDENT declared that the mo-
tion was not agreed to.
Mi. POWELL. I ask for a division.
The question being again put, there were, on a
division—ayes 4, noes 33; so the Senate refused
to adjourn.
The question was put on the amendment to.the
amendment; and it was declared to be rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Too late.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is rather too late; the result has been an-
nounced. The Senator can move his amendment
again 111 the Senate when thejoint resolution shall
have been reported from the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DAVIS. I would as soon do it now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have just had the
yeas and nays on the proposition.
Mr DAVIS. The propositions are different.
I do not care particularly when T hove the yeas
and nays on this amendment; but I would as soon
have them now as at any other time.
Mr. WILSON. Let us give them now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of any Senator, the Chair will
see whether there is a second for the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FOOT. This joint resolution is now be-
fore us as in Committee of the Whole, and the
Senator will have the opportunity of moving his
amendment when it shall be reported to the Sen-
ate, and I ask him if that will not be entirely
satisfactory.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to that
course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendment is rejected.
