THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
observe any other contract, might furnish good
cause for complaint and damages on the part of
the British authorities, as there is, unfortunately,
too much evidence of the advantages accruing on
(heir aide with not enough of counterbalancing off-
sets to mitigate damages.
* Under the stipulation contained ill nearly all
recent commercial treaties, to give all privileges
subsequently granted to the most favored nation,
it might be difficult to see why any nation with
whom we-have such treaties could not, by ad-
mitting free of duty the schedule of articles as
named in the reciprocity treaty, legitimately de-
mand equal favors. Such an expansion of the
contract m^ght not very much increase the expo-
sure of our interests, as other countries are too
remote to reap any considerable advantages there-
by, but the entanglements of our diplomatic rela-
tions and of our revenue laws would be serious.
Complications sometimes arise by virtue of
treaties notanticipatednorintended. When there
is a con ilict between a law of Congress an d a treaty,
the Executive practically decides the question at
issue, and feeling more directly responsible for
the latter as the " supreme law" than the former,
sustains and executes, not the law of Congress,
but the Executive version of the treaty. A sig-
nal instance of this sort is furnished by our treaty
with Portugal of August 26, 1840. In article
three we find the following words:
" No higher or other duties shall be Imposed on the im-
portation into tile United States of America of any article
the growth, produce, or manufacture of the kingdom mid
possessions of Portugal, than such as are, or hliaii be, pay-
able 011 the like article, being tliegrowtli,produce, or man-
ufacture of any other foreign country."
In the tariff of 1842, two years later, specific
duties were imposed upon wines, some of which
were described by their common names and some
with no other description than the name of the
country from whence they came, at rates varying
from six to sixty-five cents per gallon, and it was
provided in the act:
"That nothing herein contained shall be construed or
permitted to operate so as to interfere with yuhaisting trea-
ties with foieign nations."
Soon after this tariff came into operation, Por-
tugal, by her resident minister here, made repre-
sentations that the law was in conflict with treaty
stipulations, claiming the admission of her wines
(Madeira and port) and thoseof herpossessions,
being higher priced than most other wines, at the
lowest rate at which wine of any country or of
any sort, no matter how paltry the quality or
price, was or should be admitted. After protracted
discussion by an eminent Secretary of State, it is
curious to find that our Executive wholly aban-
doned the tariff law of 1842, so far as it related
to Portugal wines, collected duties upon the Por-
tugal construction of the treaty, and even re-
funded such duties as had been collected upon any
other basis.
It should be admitted that the tariff of 1842 in
Some instances, barren as it was of any descrip-
tion save the name of the wine country where
produced, was to a limited extent defective; but
the pretension of the minister of Portugal that
under the treaty the United States were precluded
from levying specific duties upon wines, with
rates according to their commercial value, on the
ground that wine was a generic term, not divisi-
ble into species, and therefore embracing in a sin-
gle word the weakestclaretand the strongest port,
" old Falernian," or such as will be improved
when it is called vinegar, all equally alike, little
deserved, it appears to me, the complaisance it
obtained. If the Portuguese argument was valid,
all our tariff laws have been at fault through their
diverse classifications of coal, iron, hemp, and
even as to carpets and other articles which might
be easily cited, not unlike in name, but of widely
dissimilar character and value. I
The position of Portugal was and is wholly un- I
tenable, or would be were it not sustained by so 1
respectable^ American authority. All that it is
necessary (or Congress to do in order to maintain |
its constitutional power, as it appears to me, is to
frame a law descriptive of the class of wines it may
be proposed to tax—-notleavingit solely dependent
for its nomenclature upon the name of the coun-
try from whence it comes, as that hardly conccrns
us in the adjustment—and a specific duty upon
wines, with as many rates as sorts, if you please, j
may be imposed with propriety, without infringe- I
ment of any treaty and with great benefit to the j|
revenue. It-may bo added that it was possibly
in deference to the Portuguese argument, to which
our own Govnrimv-i'! had so patiently succumbed,
that the tariff of 18Gl,^f not that of 1846, did not
secure more revenue from high-priced wines, and
which seem to possess favor and flavor in the
ratio of cost. It is some consolation, perhaps,
that a considerable boon was yielded to an infe-
rior and friendly Power and not to any menace.
As it is, however, cheap wines are taxed too
much and expensive or luxurious wines too little.
Prom the recital of this case it is plain that the
power of the House of Representatives over sub-
jects of taxation may easily be tampered with,
circumscribed, and perhaps be gotten rid of alto-
gether by the Executive and Senate, should they
ever persistently combine for this purpose, and
there appears to be no remedy. Having, under
the forms of treaty-making, usurped the powers
of legislation, the Executive might at once pro-
ceed to enforce that legislation as " the supreme
law of the land." If it be admissible lo regulate
with ono nation by treaty the rate of duties on
imports, would it not bo equally so to fix by
treaty the rule of naturalization with any other
nation ?
There is something so attractive in the terms
reciprocity, equality, and free trade, thatourassent
is yielded to measures which they are presumed
to cover without antecedent inquiry or subsequent
reflection, and it is only after a patient examina-
tion of the facts of history, the results of indis-
putable experience, that we become disgusted with
terms which, if not invented for the purpose, mis-
lead the understanding, and are made to mask a
whole series of antagonistic principles.
What reciprocity is there m making cotton free
to the United States from Canada when Canada
produces no cotton ? " King Cotton" was in no
danger from long staple or short raised north of the
forty-fifth degree. Whose ax is ground by making
grindstones free to Canada from the United States,
when the United States are mainly dependentupon
the British provinces for their own supplies?
What equality is therein exchanging the grain
and cattle markets of New York and Boston for
those of Montreal and Gluebec, when the former
in their normal condition are twenty-five percent,
better than the latter, and when the latter under
no diT.umsianres can be available to the United
States? What is the advantage of fiee trade in
lumber with a country whose forests are inex-
haustible and "coeval with the world?" Who
proposes to carry coals to Newcastle or donkeys
to Spain? What is the advantage of free trade
that does not include something we make to sell
or something that somebody is ready to buy?
The facts set forth by the report of the Hon.
Israel T. Hatch, after a laborious investigation,
in relation to the operation of the revenue laws
and the reciprocity treaty, communicated to Con-
gress June 18, I860, would have attracted more
consideration but that it was manifest no change
would be made until I he expiration of the full term
ofthe treaty, i shall reproduce some of these facts,
with many others of later date derived from Uni-
ted States and British documents, but confining
myself mainly to the trade of the Caimdas, as our
trade with these provinces is much the largest,
and so are our complaints.
In the four years from 1850 to 1853, inclusive,
the importations free of duty from Canada to the
United States were $4,107,3*92, while the impor-
tations paying duty were §15,003,634, or nearly
four times greater. Rut the importations free of
duty, after the treaty took effect, in four years,
from 1856 to 1859 inclusive, were §59,419,925, and
those subject to duty had fallen off in the same
time to $2,150,394, or only one in twenty-eight.
This is the first exhibition of reciprocity.
In 1858, when the United States collected duties
only on $313,953 in value of Canadian produc-
tions, those of American laborupon which duties
were paid in Canada amounted to $4,524,503.
This is the next exhibition of reciprocity, being on
the scale of forty-live to one! During 1856,1857,
and 1858, the amount of American industry taxed
in Canada was $18,294,293 more than that of
Canadian productions taxed in this country. By
the returns of later date it would seem that their
trade has almost ceased to be a source of revenue
to us, while from our trade they obtain their ac-
customed liberal contributions.
In 1856 the articles received from Canada, and
1 made free by the treaty,amounted to$17,810,684;
and if valued according to the prices actually ob-
tained m our markets, doubtless the amount ex-
ceeded twenty million dollars. Had it been sub-
ject lo an average rate of duty, the revenue-would
have been not less than three or four million dol-
lars, and to that extent was mainly a bonus to the
provinces.
By the treaty the ancient laws of trade have
been subverted, and our exports to Canada, which
formerly largely exceeded our imports, are now
greatly less. They sell to us, but go- elsewhere
to buy.
Our domestic exports to Canada for a long series
of years prior to the treaty were generally about
double the value of our imports, and in addition
our exports of foreign merchandise were some-
times equal and generally not less than half as
much more. The relative position-of the trade is
now reversed.
The amount of goods exported to Canada in
1855 subject to duty was §11,449,472, and in 1862
no more than §6,128,783. The exports of man-
ufactures, candles, soap, &c., to Canada in 1859
were, in round numbers', §4,500,000, and they had
decreased to §1,500,000 m 1863.
The imports from Canada for the last eight fis-
cal years averaged in value §16,643,825, of which
only an average of §467,488 paid duty on enter-
ing the United States.
Canadian tables show that for eight years, 1855
to 1862, inclusive, an average of §9,340,000 of our
exports to Canada paid duty, and §10,720,000
were free. It will be seen that we are charged by
them with duty on an average value of $8,872,500
more than they are charged with by us.
I n the first four years after the treaty came into
operation we received of the list of articles named
in the treaty §28,771,691 in value more than Can-
ada received from us. If this is reciprocity, the
less we have of it the better. In 1861 the imports
from Canada were §18,645,457, and our exports
were §14,361,858, or un excess of imports over
exportsof §4,273,599. This amountis to beaug-
mented by §2,611,877 of goods of foreign origin
which merely passed across our tcirityry and were
transmitted in lieu of exchange or gold to meet our
indebtedness, and would not have been received
by Canada but for the fact that they were obtained
cheaper thus than they could have been through
the St. Lawrence.
The amount of our export of coin for this year
1 have been unable to ascertain, but Canadian re-
turns credit us in 1862 with §2,530,000, and in
1863 with §3,502,180. That it was much more
there can be no reasonable doubt. The fair infer-
ence would be that not less than §10,000,000 are
annually drawn from us m gold, or its equivalent,
to pay for agricultural productions not required,
and to glut markets which our own people are all
the while eager to supply. We have no recipro-
city treaty with any other country, and no other
presents so unfavorable a balance-sheet. Even
our trade with China is more profitable.
That the profits of such a trade accrue to the Ca-
nadians is manifest, as it would be preposterous
to charge aprofit to the side of gold, exchange, or
foreign merchandise. Thus millions annually are
transferred from American to Canadian pockets.
Is it wonderful that magnificent railway improve-
ments cut their way through Canadian forests ?
Considerable merchandise is also taken from
the United States into Canada in bond, which
does not figure in our tables of exports at all; and
there may be, for aught I know, as there are few
difficulties in the way, a corresponding amount
smuggled into our ports from the Caimdas, which
of course does not figure in our tables of imports.
The trade of goods in bond, which is no part of
ihe reciprocity treaty, by the by, has grown to be
large. It serves to pay off, as far as it will go,
our indebtedness to Canada in lieu of coin. At
one port, Island Pond, Vermont, the foreign mer-
chandise in transit to Canada under bond in 1861
amounted to §6,608,509. It is remarkable that
our domestic exports at the same point were only
§219,746. These are in lean thousands, while the
former, handled by us gratis, loom up in millions!
Like the traffic of Falstaff, it is a half-penny-
worth of bread to an intolerable deal of sack."
The amount of revenue now collected by the
United States upon importations from Canada is
pitiable enough; and if we deduct the articles not
actually there produced, we shall find that in four
