THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. KITES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session*.
THURSDAY, JUNE 30, 1SG4.
New Series No. 212.
ereignty, where he was a subject, where he was
not allowed tothmkandtoacton behalfofthecom-
rounity, where he is to be turned,in order to make
him a good soldier, into a machine, in the language
of military men, then I have no doubt the Sen-
ator would be right, because he proceeds upon
the assumption that these men are not to be safely
intrusted with this kind of information. That is the
basisof it. In monarchical Governments the same
theory is held. But what 1 said at the outset was
that all that is inconsistent with our theory of
government. I said I put the case where the pa-
per goes into the camp of the commander, and 1
say that upon principle in this country paiticu-
larly by those who contend for the principles of
liberty, free speech and free thought and free
action, it cannot be justified in that case; but I
do not propose to go so far.
As I understand, nobody complains where a
military commander keeps out of his camp se-
ditious papers, mischievous papers if you please,
papers which are not in the interest of the Ad-
ministration. Nobody complains of that; at least
I do not. lfGeneral Burbridge, or whateverhis
name may be, excluded the Cincinnati Enquirer
from his camps, I iiave no objection. But that is
not the complaint. General Burbridge has gone
further; he has not only undertaken to decide
what the soldier shall and what the soldiei shall
not read, but he casts the mantle of his military
authority over the whole of his district. He has
said to the people of his district, those who arc
not in the service, those who are not bound by
the military rules and regulations necessary to the
discipline of the camp, " You shall not read the
Cincinnati Enquirer."
Mr. President, I cannot conceive of any prop-
osition which to me is so much at war with the
fundamental principles for which we have been
struggling for three quarters of acentuiy. The
very principle on which the Revolution nsted,
the very principle on which this Republic based
itself, and the principle that we have proclaimed
to all the world, said to them, il You have
been mistaken; you thought that the press would
have to be restrained, that it ought not to publish
this, that, and the other; you thought that the
people could not listen to all kinds of speeches.
You are mistaken; they can; they have as much
sense as any of you; we tt ust them in the United
States of America, and trusting them, see how
we have piospered."
Mr. President, this is all timid feeling on the
part of our rulers. We are far safer if we trust
the people than if we attempt to restrain them.
"We are far safer when we rely on their loyalty,
on their good sense, and upon their undemand-
ing themselves of what is their best interests than
if we undertake by these means to say to them,
"You shall not enjoy the rights which your an-
cestor bequeathed to you and which they won
for you at such a cost just because we decide that
we will trample them under foot " Why should
not this be? Are we afraid of the people ? Are
we afiaid of the people of Kentucky ? If we are
afraid of the people of Kentucky, do you sup-
pose you can make them loyal by closing up the
avenues of communication between them and
Cincinnati? Do you suppose you can purge a
man's brain of treasonable thoughts, treasonable
sentiments, and tieasonable intentions by saying;
he shall not read a favoute newspaper? If I
wished to aggravate his tendencies to treason, if
I wished to make a lebel of a disaffected man, I
would treat him exactly according to thatdiet and
legimen; but if 1 desired to make him loyal \
would throw myself on his good sense, on his
knowledge of what was his own inteiestand the
interest of the community, and if that did not
succeed, if that is not the true theory, then, as 1
said before, our Government and our system is
all a delusion and a snare. _
I have no fears about this thing. I live in a
district of countiy where newspapers are pub-
lished—well, I should say accordingto the mod-
ern slang phrase, ot the bitterest copperhead
caste. 1 iiave never found that they produced
212
the slightest effect whatever upon the people; but
I am very sure that if to-day one of those papers
were suppressed a very serious effect would be
produced, and hundreds and thousands of men
would resent it as an insult to them who now
laugh at these things and treat them as the idle
and passing wind. Does not this arise out ofan
apprehension, a timid political apprehension of
trouble and difficulty as the result of it rather
than treason? Will not the world put that con-
struction upon our conduct if we sanction these
things? Will they not say you are afraid that
these people will become politically the oppo-
nents of the Administration rather than that they
shall become enemies of the Government and
desiring its overthiow? 1 should be fearful of it,
and as a matter of policy, apart fiom the principle
involved m the thing, I would deprecate very much
that our ruleis should ever so far foiget the source
of their power and whence it springs as to resort
to expedients of this nature.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, this is a
very fine subject for declamation; and as I have
been exceedingly engaged in dry business for a
considerable number of days and weeks I have
had no opportunity to participate in the exciting
debates of the Senate. I should like very much
to improve the occasion to make a speech upon
it myself; but I am warned not to do so by the
fact that i am inquired of about forty times a
day by gentU men, some of whom are in the habit
of making speeches here pietty often, when we
can adjoutn, regretting that we are compelled to
sit here when we ought to be away, especially at
this period of the year. Under these circum-
stances, and believing that we ought to be ap-
proaching very nearly the end of the session, and
knowing that we have important business yet to
be transacted, esp<cially a bill upon the table
which has come from the other House in relation
to consciiption, enlistments, &c., with a view to
fill up the ranks of the Army, and being vciy
anxious that that bill shall be taken up, I will
foihear and restrain the stiong impulse that is
upon me to speak on this occasion and move that
the subject be laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the motion to lay on the table is
not in order. There is nothing to lay on the
table. It is a mere motion to take up the resolu-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then theie is no way to
stop debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The way to
stop debate is for the Chair to restrict debate to
the motion to take up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Chair will do
so for the future.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will do so if sustained by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I give notice that I shall
call any gentleman tooidei who wandeis beyond
the proper limit of debate.
! Mr. POWELL. it is not my purpose to de-
; tain the Senate. Indeed, I did not suppose I
i should say one word on this motion. I thought
the subject was one which would meet the ap-
proval of every Senator here. My friend from
Indiana, however, speaks of the Cincinnati En-
quirer as a treasonable paper. Why, sir, I have
read that paner tor the last four or five years- 
The PRESIDENT pro tempo, e. The Chan-
will not allow the Senator to wander fium the
question of taking up.
Mr. POWELL. Will the Chair allow me to
set the Senator fiom Indiana right.'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will not allow the debate to winder.
Mr. POWELL. It will ut.iy take one mo-
ment to do it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will not allow the Senator a moment.
Mr. POWELL. I regret that L am the only
one who is put under that Hgid lule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
expression of the Senate the Chair feels bound
to enfoice the rule.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know that the Sen-
ate has made any such expression. If the Sen-
ator from Maine is the Senate the Senate have
made at: expression.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The Chair
will call the Senator to order, and he may take
an appeal, and the matter will be decided.
JVJr. POWELL. I do not care to take an ap-
peal. I should have got through by this time all
I had to say if I had not been interrupted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
only desires to expedite the business of the
Senate.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator made another
statement that this order was issued by General
Buibridge. I saw it stated in the Cincinnati En-
quirer to-day thatitwas issued by aG<meial Ew-
mg, whom I do not know. Theoider when issued
was signed by authority of a lieutenant colonel
by the name of Farley.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must again call the Senator to order. It is un-
pleasant to the Chair to have a controversy, but
the Chair must enforce the rule of the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I regret that I am the only
Senator who is put under this rule; and while I
have great confidence in and consideration for the
Senator from Maine, I regret that he is the Sen-
ate. If I am not to be allowed to correct the mis-
statements or misapprehensions relative to this
resolution, I will take my seat and simply say to
the Senate that the object of this resolution is to
give to this country freedom of the press. We
die about entering upon a political canvass, and
the military authorities, under the command of
the President, who is a candidate for reelection to
that high office, have chosen to strike down and
prevent the circulation in one of the sovereign
States of this Union of a Democratic paper.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will come to order, and will take his seat, and
will not proceed without the consent of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. POWELL. I will take my seat.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom Indiana appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. And I desire to speak
upon that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The point of order is
that the Senator from Kentucky is urging upon
the Senate reasons why this body should im-
mediately consider the resolution which he hasin-
troduced, and upon that question I desire to be
heard.
The P11ESIDENT/m*o tempore. The question
will be, " Shall the decision of ihe Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?"
Air. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, when the
Senator from Kentucky was called to order, from
which action of the Chair I appeal,'he was dis-
cussiHg the present condition of the country, and
the approaching political contest,and the import-
ance of fieedom of debate, and of freedom of the
press under our institutions during a great polit-
ical contest. These are considerations addressed
to the judgment of the Senate why the Senate
should express its opinion against, in times like
these, an act of the Government in suppressing
the freedom of the pres^. 1 think that the argu-
ment pursued by the Senator from Kentucky 13
legitimate npon the question whether the Senate
ought to take this resolution up. That is the ques-
stion that is befoie the Senate. Shall the Senate
take the n .solution from the table and consider it
now? The lesolution of the Senator which he
proposes to take up is to this effect: that the free-
dom of the press ought not to be interfered with
by military officers; and he urges to the consider-
ation of the Senate for its immediate action, that
: now above all times we ought to have a free press
: in this country; and in that judgment I concur
! with the Senator from Kentucky.
