1426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
o.
stated that the construction of these budges will
not obstruct the free navigation of the Ohio. Ob-
sti action to the river exists then' now by the
falls of the Ohio. Boars can only pays over those
fails at ceitam stages of the water and by certain
chutes indicated by that bill. This bill provides
that draws shall be built at the head of each one
of those chutes, and these bridges will indicate
rhe stage of the water over the chutes. So leally
the building of these bridges will facilitate the nav-
igation of the falls of the Ohio, instead of being
an obstruction.
The gentleman stated truly the benefits which
these bridges would confer upon the General Gov-
ernment. Millions of money have been expended
by the Government at those points iji conveying
their troops, munitions of war, and war ma-
terials over that river by the present ferry, and
great delays have occurred there materially re-
tarding the operations of Ihe Army. Thciehave
been delays in the tiansportation of materials to
Ihe army in Tennessee and Alabama, which, if
this Luidge had been built two years ago, would
not have oceuried. I tiled then to get a hill
through for that put pose, it parsed tins House,
but it was at a late period of the session, and the
bill failed in the Senate for want of time. If it
had passed, the Government would have saved a
million dollars.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As thegon-
tleman from Kentucky seems to be interested in
this biii, 1 would ask him for a little explanation
in v-egard to the second section. The bill pro-
vides for the bridging of the Ohio river. I shall
leave that question pietty much to those gentle-
men who live abo\c the falls of the Ohio. I
know something of the effects of building a hi id^e
across the Mississippi fit Rock Island, \\ hu h !u*s
substantially destroyed the nav igation of l he rivot
above the b> idge.
Rut what I desire now is an explanation of the
provisions of the bill. The first section provides
for budging the Ohio tiver at tly? falls. The
second section provides that the act of Congress
shall appiy to certain othei streams. INtnv\ I de-
sire to know what streams those an: and the ne-
cessity of their being bridged by vii rue of an act
of Congi t. ss.
Mr. MALLO'lY. I will state for the infoim-
Ation of my friend fiom Illinois that the second
section gives authority to i he Mnysville and Lex-
ington Railroad Company to build a In idgo across
tile Ohio iiver at Maysville connecting with the
Pennsylvania Central when they shall have com-
pleted their road; 1 do not know how long that
will be. The Kecond section of the bill nuthoj-
ize« that company, when they may think proper,
to build a budge across the Ohio liver at that
point. That provision was msrtttd at the in-
stance of my colleague, [Mr. Wads worth, j and
the leason is this: as I stated beiote, by the act
of 18G'>, authority was given to nn Ohio railroad
company to cross the iiver by a budge at Steu-
benville, and then that act goes on and provides
for permission to any i<ulioad company to build
a bridge al any time at any point on ihe Ohio
river above the mouth of the BfgSuidy. My
colleague [Mr. Wadsworth] thought tint inas-
much as tins general piivilege was given to inil-
rortd companies to budge tin1 iiv<;i above the Big
Sandy, the privilege should be given to the May.s-
vdle company to build a bridge below the mouth
of the Big Sandy, i think, however, that the
provision has no great efficacy, and I am willing
that the second section shull be stnckcii out. All
that we ask of tlie House is to yive to the two
railroad companies indicated by the bill the right
to do below the Sandy river what any aiuievi ry
railroad company has a right to do above that
point.
^ I say again that the bridge provided fot by tins
bill at the falls of the Ohio i.x the most important
bridge for the Government that can boconstrm ted
across that stream. It is one which the Govern-
ment has needed heretofore, and needs especially
now.
Mr. Speaker, this matter has been discuaseriin
this House for some two or three bunions; and
if tin-re is no objection I will call the previous
question on the passage of the biii.
iVIr. MOORHEAD, I hope the-gentleman will
not be so rash as to cab the pre viousquestion on
so important a biii as this, proposing to obstruct
the navigation of a river do miporlantastheOhio.
Mr. MALLORY. I retain the floor, but will
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I want to know if the bill
is open to amendment. I want to offer some
amendments
Mr." MALLORY. I cannot yield the floor to
allow amendments to be offered. I wish the bill
to be tested on its merits as it stands; and if the'
gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot support it,
1 cannot help it. I demand the previous question.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to lay the bill on
the table; and 1 hope the House will agree to that
motion.
Mr. THAYER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 58, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Attics, John IX Baldwin, Francis P.
Blair, Blow, Coutwell, Brooutall. Ambrose W. Claik,Cole,
I)a v.-on, Denton, Dixon, Driggs, Eliot, Gooch, Gimnell,
Hale, llariinsuon. IJigby, Flohnan, IloteliUi^, Jenekes,
Kellc y, Oilamio Koliogg, Loncf, Longyear, Middleton, Sam-
uel F. Miller, William H. Miller, Moorhead,Morrill, Amos
M\ei- , Leon.tui Myeis, Odcil,Charles O'Neill, Pendleton,
I'ike, Pomctoy, Price, Samuel J. Randall. AJcxandor H.
ltiee. Edwaid" H. Rollins, richenek, Scofield,-Shannon,
Smtthers. Spalding, Stair,John B.Steele, SteveusStrouse,
Thayer, Tracy, CpM>n, Van V.ilkeiibuigli, Kliliu B. \Vus h-
burne, Wiltiani", Wil-on, and Witidom—5*.
NAYS— Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Andetson,
Arnold, Ashley, Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blame, Bliss, Bo\d, Biook^, Clay , Cobb, Cox, Thomas T.
Davi-:. Dmnoiit. P-idrni^e, Etiglis.li, Finek, Frank, Gan«on,
O.itfield, Glider, Hall, Hauling, Herriek, Asahel W. Iluh-
baid, PInlip Johnson, Julian, KalbUet-eli, liaison, lvernan,
King. Law, Mallory, Matey, MelJrule, McClmg, MeKtn-
ney, James it. Moms, Monison, Nelson, John O'Neill,
Odh, Pun it, Radiotd, William II. Randall, Uolunson, Ro-
eon, Suiriit, Vooihees, William B. Washburn, YVha-
1 rv, Wheeler, Chilton A White, Wmtuild, Woodbridge,
and Yeaman—til..
So the House refused to lay the bill on thetable.
Mr. MALLORY. I now insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WASUHURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
pievious (pn stum will not be seconded, and that
the gentleman fiom Kentucky will have the bill
referted to thr Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union.
Mr. MALLORY. That is cquunlent tu ask-
ing me to have the bill killed. 1 call for tellers
on the previous quention.
Tel lei s v-ere (>rdered; and Mr. Washburne,
of 1 llinoi^, and Mr. Mallory, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 33, noes 70.
So the House refused to second the previous
question.
Mr, WASHHURNE, of Illinois. I now move
that the bill he icferied to ihe Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and on that
motion 1 move the pievious question.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, and let me move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I decline to
withdraw it.
Mr. MALLORY. Then I hope the House
will not second it, in order that 1 may make the
motion to leeominit.
Mi. ARNOLD. 1 dewiie my colleague to with-
ciiaw lus motion to allow mc to move an amend-
ment to the hill by striking out the second sec-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am radi-
cally opposed t® the whole bill and to the bridg-
ing of all navigable streams. My own country
has suffered too much by the Rock Island bridge.
The question being on seconding the previous
question, tellers were ordert d.and Messrs. Moort-
head and Mallory were appointed.
The House divided, and the tcllcis reported—
aye« 37, noes 57.
So the pievious question was not seconded.
Mr. ARNOLD. As it seems to me that the
bill is not fully understood,and as objections have
been su«iiested to the second section, with a view
of peifectinjr the bill so that the navigation of the
Ohio shall not be to nny extent broken, I move
to recommit tin1 bill, and on that i move the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order,but
will be lof-'orvd till after the motion to refer to
the Committee of .he Whole on the statu of the
Union is disposed of. That takes preccdence,
and is the pending motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As my col-
league has moved the previous question, that will
apply to both motions.
The SPEAKER. It will.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was taken first on referring to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on recommitting the bill
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. MALLORY. With leave to repoitatany
time.
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
that when the committees are next called the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals will have another day
to -report.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Is a motion to instruct
the committee in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not, under the previous
question.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted ; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COINAGE.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee on a
Uniform System of Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, Senate bill No. I83,tn amendment of an act
entitled "An act relating to foreign coins and the
coinage of cents at the Mint of the United States,"
approved February 21, 1857.
Mr. STEVENS. Does that report come in in
regular order?
The SPEAKER. It does not. Unanimous
consent was asked to report back the Senate bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 object to it.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, allow me a mo-
ment to say that the Director of the Mint has
urged the impoitance of eaily action upon ibis
bill. It is reported by the Committee on Coinage
unanimously, without amendment, and I desire
very much that it may be acted on as we are losing
money every day under existing regulations.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire that it may never
be acted on.
DRAWBACKS OF DUTIES.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, consul-
ted, and agreed to:
Resoh ed, That the Committee on Commerce be Instructed
to inquire into the expediency of revivor so much of the
law ot 171)9 as piohihits dt a whacks ot duties on foreign mer-
chandise expoited to dominions of a fotetgn ^tate imme-
diately adjoin mi* ihe 1 'n ited Statps, so that drawbacks fhall
not hereaitor he allowed on foreign goods shipped to New
Brunswick and Nova Scotia.
DUTIES ON FOREIGN WOOL.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways, and Means be di-
rected to inqtme into the expediency of increasing the
duties on foieign wool, and report to the House by hill or
otherwise.
anaesthetic agents.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; winch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee of Ways and Means be in- ^
MructPd to inquire into the expediency of repawn? a bill
to pay the piojmetor thereof {or the use of anesthetic agents
in the Auny-aud Navy of the United States.
mexican affairs.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to cast my vote on the resolution
lelative to Mexican alfairs, submitted yesterday
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
"Mr. PENDLETON made the same request.
There wus no objection, and then votes were
recorded in the .tfTirmative.
Mr. MOR.RILL. I suggest that all members
who were absent yesterday shall have the right
to record their votes on the same proposition if
