THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
western States* For example, all the wheatand
flour sent by the United States to England in 1858
and 1859 amounted to only $1,736,152, or less
than half of the amount thrown into our markets
from.Canada during the same time, which was
$3,$i5,502. There is no year when her entire
trade with us has not been much greater than with
ail other countries.
„ The highest authorities upon political economy
key down the principle that, if there are one hun-
dred store® or nouses to be let i n a city, when onl y
ninety are wantedythe price of rents will go down,
and" the one hundred will rent for no greater sum
than would the ninety alone. When there is
not a market abroad and Canada becomes a com-
petitor with the* western States for the American
markets asimilar result must follow. The whole
amount taken from Canada comes outof the price
of the much larger amount taken from the west-
ern States, and no more is paid for the whole than
would have been paid to the western States for
their contributionsalone. This influx of Canadian
productions so far is a benefit to the Atlantic cities
and manufacturing towns; but it is a benefit that
rebounds to the injury of all agricultural disfricts,
including western States, and which, fairly com-
puted, would enable them soon to create for them-
selves means of cheap transit by land or water,
rivaling all that appear across the line to have
prospered at our cost.
But manufacturing villages and even cities can
only prosper by finding an outletfor manufactures
and the various articles which by the manipulation
received in these places are prepared for sale, and
Canada has- no market for any such American
productions. That is entirely absorbed by Eng-
land. . •
It may be supposed that Chicago, the busiest
city of the woria, has a large interest in this trade,
but the whole amount of merchandise icccived
there under the treaty in 1862, was but $45,763,
and of that $16,640 was brought by foreign vessels.
In 1863 the trade was $58,238, and $27,877 of that
was brought in foreign vessels. The same ex-
clusion of American shipping: interests tracks this
trade even in the East. At Boston, of $1,33U,78J
of merchandise received in 1862, only $148,327 was
brought in American vessels. At!New York, of
$636,891, only $22,592 was brought in American
vessels, and in 1863 it was still worse, when out of
$633,419, all but $7,831 came in foreign vessels.
Such are the fruits of reciprocity!
The wheat which we send to Canada generally
goes there to be ground, and we receive nn equal
or greater amount in flour, or it is merely theie in
transit for a market abroad. It is certain that it
docs not go there for consumption. Formerly we
helped to stock the Canadas with horses, cattle,
and sheep; but now they have an annual surplus
of all these for which theic is no other market than
that of the United States. Can the western agri-
culturists prefcrthcprosperity of the British prov-
inces to their own ? Do they wish to grant such
favors as shall leave Canada farmers no room for
envy? Do they wish to create a rival for foreign
emigrants?* f
* Extract from the Montical Herald.
" There is no getting totmd onrunfotiunategeogiaphioal
position; wlulc at no tune independent oi our neighbors
for a maiket, we are tor five months m Hie year entirely de-
pendent on ihem for a boaport. Fancywl ,it the condition
of the miller* and farmer of western Canada would be to-
day without the American market. What would become
ot our surplus pioducts in the present absence of English
demand? The statistics of the astonishing giowth of our
frontier trade since reciprocity, reveals to any administra-
tion disposed to use it, the power Uiey possess over our
progress, either for the puipose of snubbing England tin ouch
us, or retaliating our wantof sympathy and good neighbor-
hood in this time of theii discomfiture."
f Extract from an address of Hon. Isaac ISuchanan,
m. i\ j . for Hamilton, Canada West, ISo0:
"And Lord Elgin bribed the American" by sharing with
them our fishery and navigation lights to give us the reei-
procitv treaty, which while it exists removes the Canadian
°# farmer's caus-e ot complaint. Now, therefore, the piesi?r-
vatton of this recipioeity with the United States is s-howu
to be not only the intert^tof the farmers anil thiougfi them
of ail oilier* in Canada, but of the Briti.-h Government, as
without it Canadians aie left in a position to be much bene-
fited by Canada being annexed to the (Tinted States. I
Fp«*ak plainly, viewing him the nio*t loyal man who sp<-ak*
rno.-i plainly at such a crisis." * * * * Jf
Andhutfoi themostobvious providences, among which
is the obtaining of our reciprocity hcaty with the United
State?, the disruption ot the empire would have be< n en-
dangered ere now." * * * * v ■* <
"The g«eat practical end of ail our effoits is to ariange
that the Canadian farmer has nothing to envy in the con-
dition of the American farmer."
The treaty as now developed totally ignores
American interests; certainly the compensations
received when found will have to be diligently
sought for. If the rebels of to-day, animated by
all their fiercest hate, were at liberty to bind us by
a convention with their newly-found admirers, it
might be found difiicult'to concoct an arrangement
bearing the semblance of two high contracting
parties, more detrimental to the interests of the
United States, more wholly vicious toward the
North and West, or more utterly valueless to the
South.
In the abstract, no objection appears to the prin-
ciple of reciprocity, but practically the treaty falsi-
fies at every step the doctrine of its framers. A
treaty possibly comprehensive enough in all its
details might be made so as not to disappoint in
its results either party who made it, nor be capa-
ble of evasion by either party through hostile
legislation; but, with our recent experience, he
would bo a hardy statesman that should undertake
it with a people who are proud to maintain a for-
eign " allegiance and affection," and whose ut-
most inclination must be to mete out no more to
us than what is " nominated in the bond."
Commercial treaties forso-called reciprocaldu-
ties have becn#gardcd by all writers upon the
subjectof political economy ashostiletofree trade.
They arc certainly hostile to uniformity and to
equality with all nations. They start with the
idea of favoritism. To show preference by treaty
or by law for one nation-over another is to give
them just grounds for complaint. The American
mode of bringing aboutreciprocity and free trade
has been by the admission of new States upon an
equal footing with the old, and it was, perhaps,
a legitimate mode, certainly not an unfair mode
where all parties consented*, but we have now no
gifts of this kind to obtrude upon rcluctant recip-
ients, nor for even the warmest of suitors. Until
the con test in which we are engaged shall be ended,
it is unworthy of our dignity to proffer or accept
of any new alliance. Proud of the past, we will
not doubt the future. We stand up now to de-
spise cynical criticisms as we shall stand hereafter
to despise hollow congratulations.
When the reciprocity treaty was made, we seem
to have forgotten the naval raid upon our fisher-
men two yeais before, and our ears were tuned to
hai monies, to the interchange of acta of national
kindness and increased neighborly intercourse
rather than to the sharp advantages of commer-
cial profits; but even in this aspect the treaty has
turned out a melanchaly failure. The perfume of
sweet words quickly evaporated. The provinces,
as represented by their mouth-pieces, were ns
eager for the wager of battle when the subject of
the Trent came up as were the foremost among
the representatives of England herself. They
have greeted the traitors, embraced the pirates,and
lauded the chiefs of the rebellion as heartily, and
they sustained the British ministry as fully when
British-built ships were permitted to go and make
piratical war upon our commercc as the pro-con-
federates of England. Not content with the illicit*
trade, in violation of the blockade, in which they
had embarked with a shameless grfecd, it is noto-
rious that their accredited organs, while we were
admitting provincial products/rce to our war mar-
kets, were % ocifei ously sustaining the policy of the
Biitush ministry in letting slip the Alabama, Sum-
ter, Georgia, and other piratical ships, to capture
and destroy our peaceful commerce. They have
smitten us severely on both cheeks,and there is no
Christianity that requires an exposure to further
blows.
I do not suppose a majority of the people of the
provinces sympathized with these British outrages
upon justice, decency,and international law, but
no remonstrance and no petition has ever gone
forth against those unfriendly manifestations from
even Canadians, who are reported more friendly
than the people of some other provinces, where
descendants of Tory refugees have not yet buried
the hatchets forced by their forefathers to stay
the Revolution of 1776. They have notdared to be
otherwise than dumb in presence of what they
supposed might be the august public opinion of
Great Britain.
As an Amei ican, whatever I may have thought
heretofore, I declare that I have now no disposi-
tion to see the Canadas, with these recent evi-
dences of their temper, annexed to the United
States. They have played the part of subalterns i
so long that I am led to doubt their capacity for
independent government. The task of State ad-
ministration may be above their present reach.
The mother country, with an enlightened self-
interest, has often evinced a disposition to be rid
of the charge of these provinces; it professes no
high regard for their mixed population, who ap-
pear to lack the spirit to go through the door that
is pointed out to them,and though told often that
they are unprofitable servants.* Such a people
can take time to cultivate self-reliance, to develop
their own statesmen, and to create some feeling of
independence before their alliance will be so es-
teemed as to be eagerly courted.f
There have been, itis said, no infractions of the#
reciprocity treaty, and none, it is believed, have
been orare intended. This is much the stoutest de-
fense of the Canadian minister of finance for all
American complaints,and yet it is plain that Cana-
dian policy has so manipulated its revenue laws,
anditssystem of canalsand railroads, with the col-
lateral support of Great Britain, as to secure many
and important advantages not dreamed of by our
negotiators or by our people at the birth of the
treaty. We propose to abide by it to the bitter
end. Good faith requires nothing beyond. British
subjects will have obtained for eleven years, by
virtue of the treaty, the chief commercial advan-
tages they must have derived as States of the
Union without contributions of service, imposts,
taxes, or good-fellowship. If they are to retain
them longer, let us know the reason why! During
this time, and for the first time in their history,
they have become our peers in the ratio of in-
creased wealth and population, and this mainly in
consequence of our unrequited commercial hospi-
tality !
The fact, if it be a fact, that such a treaty may
bo literally complied with, and yet in its opera-
tions may present so many subjects of discontent,
is a strong proof of its fundamental impolicy. In
spite of ornate pretension, each country, when
put to the test, will seek to promote its own in-
terests regardless of those of the other; and in the
case of the provinces, colonial dependents, the
next best friend "to be next seived is the mother
countiy,to whom tbey owe an exhaustive "alle-
giance and affection," and to whom they look for
military defense and protection againstall foreign
foes. Among the chief of such sinners, lam sorry
to say, they are suspicious of the United States.
The interests of Canada.first, and of Great Britain
second, will be, as they have been, studied and art-
fully promoted by all the means and appliances
of adroit ministers of both countries, while the
United States comes in as the goose to be plucked,
and the lauded principles of reciprocity, like gar-
ments worn at court, will be, as they have been,
laid aside upon the resumption of the ordinary
business of life.
The Committee on Commerce (by Mr. Ward)
made a very elaborate report to this House on the
reciprocity treaty, (February 5, 1862,) wherein
they argued that the grave faults already devel-
oped in the treaty should be remedied byagreater
extension of the same system, even to the extent
of the German Zollverein. Doubtless they had
read:
"For shallow draughts intoxicate the brain,
But drinking largely sobers us again."
This is good poetry, but I submit is not sound
advice for us, though the Canadians reprinted and
adopted the argument, rejecting only the conclu-
sion. The principle of the Zollverein, or toll-
alliunce among several States, as to imports, ex-
ports, and transit, was a happy thought for the
numerous but small German sovereignties with
* Tho«e familiar with the tone of the London Times
toward the Canadas will see that it scolds in the same im-
perious tone piactieed by Buike in generations gone by:
" The province of Nova Scotia," j-aid Mr. Burke, " is the
youngest and lavorite child of the Board [of Trade.] Good
God what nuns the nursing of that lii-tiniven, hard-vis-
aged, and ill-favored In at has cost thid wittol nation I Sir,
this colony Ims stood us in a sum not less than £700,000.
To this day it has made no repayment; it does not oven
suppoit those offices of expense which are miscalled its
government. The whole of that job still lies upon the pa-
tient, callous shoulders of the people of England."
| Extract from the Duke of Newcastle's dispatch toGov-
ernor General Monek, August iH, 1S(32:
"A countiy which, however unjustly, is suspected of in-
ability or indisposition to provide lor its own defense,does
not, m thepie.-ent circumstances of America, ofter a tempt-
ing field U)i investment in public funds or the outlay of pri-
vate capital. Men question the stable condition of affairs
in a land which is not competent to protect itseif.?'
