2402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mav 21
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, I will not debate
it long, i wish to make an appeal to the. Sen-
ator from ££ew York. This bill, as the Senator
well knows and appreciates, is of the greatest
possible consequence; it has been considered day
after day, a^id the discussions upon it are now
pretty well over. It is of the greatest import-
ance that we should dispose^ of this bill before
the internal tax bill comes upon us, which svill
claim all our attention, and is so necessary. I
hope the Senator will not persist in his motion.
Mr. MORGAN, X entirely agree with the
Senator from California in regard to the import-
ance of this bill, and because it is important, it
seems to me we ought not to proceed with it
when the Senate is so thin. It is now quite late;
a great many Senators who are usually here are
now absent; and it is important that this execu-
tive session should take place. If Senators are
willing to remain half an hour hence, when the
executive business shall be disposed of, they
might continue the consideration of this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. They will not do any legis-
lative business after they go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. MORGAN. I will not press the motion
for a few minutes.
Tile PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn, and the question recurs on the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Culi-
' forma to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agieed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Id section ten, line ninety-
one, after the wo d " scime" 1 move to niSf rt these
words, "and such other evidence as the said Sec-
retary may require;" so Unit tlx* proviso will i tad:
Jindpiovitleiljurlhe-). That before :u v bond-, "-hull lie-o
guarantied by the Umtcd States, the eompam claiming
thein Miall present to the Secretary ot tlx: Treasury an at-
fidavit of the president awl soeietary of the company, to be
sworn to before the judjje of a court of record, selling tenth
Whether said company has issued any such bonds oi secu-
rities, and if so, particularly dcMuibing the same, and such
otlmr evidence as the said Secretary may require so n*s to
enable said Secretary to make the deduction, Sec*.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. To perfect the language, it
would be well to strike out the words ''said Sec-
, rotary" at the end of the ninety-first line and to
* insert the word "him."
The amendment to the amend men twusagieed to.
Mr. POMEROY. There is another amend-
ment that should bo made to make the bill har-
monize with the provision already adopted. In
section eight, line four, after the word 44 bond"
there should be inserted, I think, the words, " as
sectionsarecompleted according to the provisions
of this act;" so that it will read:
That ho United States bonds .shall be issued under the
actfrf winch this is an amendment; but the said company
may make, execute, and issue its own llr t moitsjaye bomte
as sections me completed according to the provisions of tins
act.
Mr. HOWARD. That amendment will be
made necessary in conscquence of the adoption
of the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I oiler the following amend-
ment to be inserted at the end of section ten:
Prodded, aho, That no land granted by this act -hall be
conveyed to any party or parlies, and no bonds shall be
indorsed and the interest thereon be paid or guarantied to
he paid to arty company or companie>, party or parties, uri
account of'any road or part thereof made prior to the pas-
sage of the ,1et to winch this is an amendment, or made
subsequent thereto under the provisions oi any act other
ihan this aet and the act amended by this act.
The object of the amendment is to prevent par-
ties who may have constructed sections of road
heretofore coming in and claiming them to be a
part of thjs road and presenting certificates of the
completion" of sections of their road and receiving
bonds thereon.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to un-
derstand the Senator from Iowa. We have
twenty-five miles of a road in running order and
forty miles graded,
Mr. HARLAN. Built under the provisions
of the act of 1862 ?
. Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. This amendment will not
affect that.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the amendment be read
again.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish to ask the
chairman of ihe committee if it is proposed that
that forty miles shall be completed under this bill
or under the bill of 1862?
Mr. HOWARD. The company building it
will be entitled to the benefits and privileges
granted by this act, although the actual construc-
tion of it was under the former act. Every right
is preserved by the present bill which has ac-
crued, and every remedy is also pieservedto the
party claiming it in the same manner as if this
bill had not been passed. Every right is secured
to every person and every corporation.
Theamendmcnt to the amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr, HARLAN. On page 44, section twenty,
line six, I move to strike out the words44 the
President of the United States shall prescribe,"
and insert "now provided by law." Thjs sec-
tion provides that the tracks of the respective
roads shall be of such uniform width as the Pres-
ident of the United States shall prescribe, and it
is necessary to change that phraseology.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 should like to have an ex-
planation of that amendment from the Senator
from Iowa. This is the same language that was
embraced in the act of 1862.
Mr. HARLAN. Since the passage of the act
of 1862 Congress has passed a law fixing the
gauge of the load, and that is now the lawof the
land.
Mr. HOWARD. Then I have no objection.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move to amend on page
49, line thirty-four of section twenty-one, after
the word " dollars" by inserting " and such other
damage as he may have suffered on account of
said refusal or Jailure;" and m line thirty-five by
striking out the woids, in an action ot debt;"
so that the clause will read:
On pain of forfeiting to the person injured, for caeh of-
fen-e, the sum of $100, and such othei damage as Ire may
have suffered on account of said refu-al oi laiiure. to he
'-tied tor and leeovered in anv court of the Tuned State",
Stc.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa whether he contem-
plates that tins shall be nil one proceeding, the
collection of the penalty of $100 for each oflense,
and also the puvate damages which mav have
accrued. I do not fully understand his amend-
ment. There seems to be a little incompatibility
in recovering these two things m the same suit.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so in some
States; but it would-not be so in Iowa undei our
laws, and 1 suppose there will be no difficulty m
bringing two suits in States where you cannot
bring a suit for a sum that is fixed and also for
a sum not fixed in one action. 'This contemplates
that the action shall be brought for the exact sum
of $100, and therefore the action i« to be styled
an action of debt, not assumpsit; but in the States
where any difficulty may accrue on this account,
two suits may he brought.
The amendment to theamendmcnt was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend on page 50,
section twenty-two, line eight, by striking out
the words " not exceeding ten dollais,"and in-
serting " less than $1 25;" and in lines twelve
and thirteen of the same section, by striking out
%( right of purchase with bonds shall only be ex-
ercised as to Government sections, and subdivis-
ions thereof," and inserting s" purchase shall be
made in legal sections and subdivisions of sec-
tions;'1 so that the clause will read:
I'aying oi allowing to such company such price for any
sir h lumih as .-hall be agreed upon, not less* than §1 25 per
acre; and the guaiantee of the Government for the pay-
ment ot interest on any such bonds, so used, in payment
lor lands shall thereupon cea^e and be extinguished . Fto-
vulcd, howevo'i That t>uoh purchase shall bo made in legal
section* and subdivisions of section*.
Mr. HOWARD. If I undei stand this amend-
ment properly, it seems to me it ought not to be
adapted. Section twenty-two authorizes the hold-
ers of the bonds of any of the companies named
in the act, upon which the Government guaran-
ties the payment of any interest, to use such
bonds in payment for any lands herein granted
to the companies issuing the bonds, at the par
value of the bonds, paying or allowing to such
company such price for any such lands as shall
be agreed upon, not exceeding ten dollars per
acre. Flow does the amendment alter that?
Mr. HARLAN. If the amendment shall be
amended as I propose, they may sell the land for
as much as the purchaser may agree to give, not
less than $1 25 an acre.
Mr. HOWARD. Thistequiics the company
to sell all such*laud at a sum not exceeding ten
dollars per acre; that is the maximum which the
company can charge for any of its lands to the
purchaser. I wish to call theattention of the Sen-
ate to this. I do not know whether it is worth
while to retain that maximum, but it seems tome
theie should be some limit beyond which t lie com-
pany cannot go in charging third persons for their
lands.
Mr. HARLAN. This section contemplates
that the holders of bonds the interest of which
shall be guarantied by the Government may buy
the land granted under this act with the bonds,
and when such purchase shall be made by the
holder of the bonds, the liability of the Govern-
ment to pay the interest shall cense. So the in-
terest of the Government will be piomolec! by the
highest possible price that the land will bring,
because in that way a larger nominal amount of
bonds will be invested foi the land and the Gov-
ernment liability terminated.
In addition to this, it is an unusual provision.
In alfthe land grants made by Congress hereto-
fore to aid in the construction of railroads, the
companies have not been limned as to the price
they might charge for the land. They have been
limited as to the time during which iln-y might
hold the land as a corporation, ami so are these
companies thus limited in this bill; but it is
plainly ihe interest of the Government that the
company shall sell ilie land f;u as high a piiceas
possible when they sell the land for the purpose
of taking up their own bonds, tire interest on
which this Government has guarantied 'he pay-
ment of.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr.POMEROY. In the same suction there is
a clause in the last two lines which reads:
And to an amount by any one holder not exceeding one
tau-h section ot si* hunui-ni and toitj actcs m any one
town-hip.
I move to strike 'bat out. The idea that a man
may not buy mote than one section in a township
is ridiculous.
Thoamendment to theamendrnent wasagreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire now to call
the attention of the chairman of the committee to
an amendment I suggested the other day in line
fifty-four of section thirteen, on page 32, tostuke
out the words "the act of which this is an amend-
ment," and insert " this act."
The PRESIDENT jrro tempore. That amend-
ment has already been made, the Cliair is in-
formed.'
Mr. HOWARD. Let me read to the Senator
the clause as it its now amended by the Senate:
The said Kansas company .-hall complete and equip nut
|es< than one hundred in tie -of !t«--"ud r.i ilto id and u'le«ii iph
^within two years from the tune oi filing their a-sent to the
piovisions of this act.
That is the way it reads at present.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I was not present
when that alteration was made, i have another
amendment. On page 29, line twenty-one of sec-
tion twelve, after the word 44 that," I move to
insert "after the completion of said road."
Mr. HOWARD. It seems to me that does not
reach the object which the honorable Senator has
in view. If that amendment should be adopted,
it would release the company from keeping accu-
rate accounts until after the whole road is com-
pleted. 1 certainly think the honorable Senator
does not intend that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No, sir, but till after
the completion of forty miles. They will, of
course, receive some small amounts before the se«-
tion is completed, and I do notwant to putthem
to the trouble of keeping accounts of that.
Mr. HOWARD. Butwhat is the objection to
asking them to keep correct accounts of what they
do receive?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It will be so small a
matter.
Mr. HOWARD. It may be a small matter,
but it may be a very considerable matter.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We have now twen-
ty-five miles completed. To employ a clerk to
keep the accounts of the receipts of a few dollars
a month seems to me to be a useless trouble to the
company. I will modify the amendment by in-
serting "after the completion of a section of said
road."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not pass.
