1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
they present themselves at the Clerk's desk dur-
ing the day.
it was so ordered.
INCREASED PAY OF SOLDIBRS.
Mr. HOLMA.N. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
sti ueted to report to the Uoiibo a bill to increase the pay of
private &oldicis> in the Army, and that the same be made a
^peeiui oidei for to-niorrow, and hum then until disposed
ol.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that that resolution
be refeired to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have the floor; but this
motion indicates the fate of this measure.
Mr. Speaker, I wiil state the object of the res-
olution. Unless some time is now fixed for the
consideration of the bill it is not likely that it will
soon receive the attention of the House. The sub-
ject was brought to the attention of the House
some days since, and was not acted upon in con-
sequence of the absence of the chairman of the
Committee on Mihtsry Affairs. The House was
infoimed by the chairmap of the Military Com-
mittee some weeks since that a bill to increase
the pay of the private soldiers would be reported
at an early day after. The subject has been re-
ferred again and again to that committee, yet no
such bill iias been reported. The object is not
only to lequire the committee to report the hill,
but also to fix upon a time when it shall be con-
sidered.
In addition to the general argument in favor of
this increase of pay, it may be urged in favor of
early action on the subject that those who en-
tered the service upon small bounties are rapidly
reaching the termination of that service, and as an
act of justice to them, if the pay of the private sol-
dier is to be increased, it ought to be done at the
earliest moment. Many of those it is true have
reenhsted under the increased bounties, but many
others, just as potnotic, worn outby the war, or
controlled by othei considerations, are unable to
reenlist. The subject has not been brought pre-
maturely before the House. It was one of the
first subjects to which the attention of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was called. And now,
after four months, nota step of progress has been
made. The Military Committee still decline to
act. If the House wishes to increase the pay it
must instruct the committee. I hope that the
House will not consent to a icferenceof the leso-
lution. Thatis buta defeat of the measure; every
gentleman undeistands that. If the chairman of
the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs thinks that the
subject cannot be acted on to-mon ow, let hi m sug-
gest another day. I disclaim any intention to ni-
teifere with the business of that committee, or to
censuie its action.
Air. GR1NNELL. I ask the gentleman to wait
until we have ascertained what revenue we are to
raise by the lax and tanff bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall wait for no such pur-
pose- 1 have objection to postponing action on
this subject for'on<> hour. You are increasing the
pay of every class of officeholders, you are ex-
pending millions for other purposes, and yet the
gentleman from Iowa proposes that befoie we in-
crease the pay of the private soldier we look after
the subject of revenue.
Mr. GRINNELL. I am in favor of increasing
the pay of the common soldier, but* I am not in
favor pf doing it until 1 know that the gentlemen
on the other side are in favor of levying tax
enough to sustain the credit of the Government.
Let the gentleman state where we have increased
salaries. I deny that 1 ever voted to raise sala-
lies. I demand specifications.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would but be recapitulating
the records of this House upon the subject of sal-
aries if I w-'ie to refer generally to the subject of
the increase of compensation of the officers of the
Government. I do not speak of the gentleman's
individual action. But the gen tie man's argument,
strangely enough, is directed against the private
soldier. When we increased the grade of colonel
to that of a brigadier, the other day, and increased
the pay correspondingly, in one of the pleasant
official positions of this city, when we subse-
quently increased the grade of another colonel to
that of brigadier in a similar position, and when we
have been doing that over and over again, and have
been passing bills appropriating many hundred
million dollars for all conceivable purposes, we
heard no such argument in favor of delay; but when
it comes to affect the private soldier who entered
your service at thirteen dollars a month—a rea-
sonable compensation at that time, but now grown
totally inadequate by the inflation of the currency
for the supportof his wife and children—when it
is proposed to increase his pay as an act of com-
mon justice, when every element of expenditure
has immensely mcrcased, and when the soldiers
who entered the service upon small bounties are
rapidly reaching the time when their service ex-
pires, strangely enough, sir,gentlemen who pro-
fess to be the friends of the piivate soldier insist
upon deiay until it is known whether we on this
side of the House will impose a tax or not suffi-
cient to sustain the credit of the Government.
This is a marvelous mode of expressing their de-
votion to our soldiers. Our vote on the tax bill,
then, is to determine whether the pay of the pri-
vate soldier shall be increased! Have you not
strength enough to both increase the pay and in-
cioase taxation ? But for this purpose we will
vote all the tax you may desire.
I insist that this subject shall be faiily met.
As a fnend of the soldier, and fully appreciating
the value of his sactificcs and services, as a friend
of the Government, and seeing no other hope of
maintaining its integrity except by the courage of
the soldier and the prudence of your counsels
and a vigoious prosecution of the war, 1 am not
willing that m the midst of lavish expend ituie on
every hand this flagrant injustice to the soldier
should be continued, if it is done, sir, no mem-
ber on thts side of the House will be responsible
for it. Every member on this side of the House
concurs in the necessity and justness of this in-
crease. We have piessed it constantly on your
attention. We have imposed no obstacle m the
way of proper legislation, and yet we meet day
after day the taunt that weaie opposed to the war,
to the Government, and with those epithets op-
probrious and well calculated to excite angerand
unpiofitable discussion, and all this foi un worthy
partisan purposes. In these miserable disputes
you can consume unlimited time, but not a mo-
ment to the just claims of the gallant private sol-
dier of your Army. I should be recieant to my
duty to my constituents, to the gallant soldiers I
lepresent, to the wives and childien, if I did not
urge this matter upon the attention of the House
and demand an early consideration of its merits.
And yet, after ha\ mg meteas^d the salaries and
grades of officers over and over again, it is left to
the moment when the rights of private soidieis
are brought to the attention of Congress for gen-
tlemen to rise and argue in favor of delay until
we determine upon "an imposition of taxes suffi-
cient to maintain the public credit. We have
heard enough of this. Ifgentlcmen are not in favor
of increasing the pay of the private soldier, let
them say so by a duect vote.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] pro-
poses to i.-fer this subject to the Committee on
Military Affairs. W<* know what a sleep it will
sleep theie. We have had some experience m
that way in respect to resolutions brought before
the House for the put pose of obtaining decisive
and direetaetion. Every gentleman in this House
knows that the only mode of obtaining action
upon this subject is by requiring that committee
,] to leport, and fixing upon some day when the
I) subject shall teceive the attention of the House.
!! If gentlemen are Willing to assume the responsi-
p bility ot\postpomng the subject stil! further, while
J Che eountiy demands thar a just meiease of pay
i, should be made at once, let them do so openly,
,! and not by some disingenuous pretense; but let
!| them betoievur hereafter silent on thur hack-
'! neyed charge against the Democratic members of
i! this House that they are hostile to the interest of
the private soldier and opposed to the wui lor the
restoration of the Union; foi injustice to your pri-
vate soldier, sii, is injustice to the country, and
weakens the foundations of your Army. The
private soldier alone has*made peeuliarsacrilices.
He alone, with his wife and children, feels the
weight of this terrible war, with only the senti-
ment of patuotism to sustain him; others enjoy
the fruits and fame of his valor.
1 reiterate, sir, 1 would regard myself as recreant
to every duty 1 conceive I owe to my own con-
stituents, to the wives and children of the men
who are imperiling their lives in defense of their
country, who were the pioneers in the great con-
test, if I were contentto remain silent when month
after month has been-allowed to expire in miser-
able partisan clamor before a subject so merito-
rious as this is permitted to receive the consider-
ation of Congiess. ~
I therefore, with a view to understand whether
the House intends to increase this pay, have pre-
sented this resolution. 1 have purposely avoided
saying anything about the sum which should be
paid the soldiers, for we might differ in judgment
upon that point, while we should hot upon the
question whether the pay should be increased.
When the bill comes before the House we may
determine the amount.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will thegen-
tleman from Indiana indicate his opinion of what
the sum should be?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it ought to be eighteen
or twenty dollars. I am in favor of no extrava-
gant sum. I will vote with the gentleman, if we
can do no better, for sixteen dollars a month; I
will vote with him for eighteen dollars; hut I will
vote with more pleasure for twenty dollars, which
will be just about paying the soldier what he was
receiving at the time he first entered the service.
But my object is not so much to fix the sum to
be paid the soldier as to set apart some time for
the consideration of the subject. I therefore call
the previous question on the pending resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana whether, after making an appeal to the
Military Committee and to its chairman, he is
going to call the previous question without allow-
ing any reference to the business before the com-
mittee? If he does, I hope the previous question
will be voted down.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will certainly yield to the
chaumanof the Military Committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is the gentleman through?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio, but before I surrender the floor,
if I am permitted to do so, I desire to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SCHENCK. As I propose to submit
another motion, I wiil not speak now butwiiirely
upon the House to vote down the previous ques-
tion in older that we may have this matter fully
before die House and undeistand it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move the previous
question, and call for tollers upon it.
Tellers were oideiod; and Messrs. Schenck
and Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
ayes 37, noes G5.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, the gentle-
man from Indiana proposes a resolution to in-
struct the Committee on Military Affaii s to report
immediately, oi peihaps to-monow—I did not
|j hear distinctly the exact phraseology of his res-
' olution—a bill to increase the pity of the private
sold'eis of the Aimy, and that it shall be made
the order of the day at some early date—to-inor-
iow, I think, is the time indicated—and continued
as a special order until disposed of.
I could not hear distinctly all that the gentle-
man said in supportof-.that resolution, but 1 think
I compiehended the general tenor of his remarks.
He said he would feel dissatisfied with himself,
and that he would be false to the duty which he
o ves to the country, and to this most respectable
and excellent and deserving class of ail the people
of this country—the piivate soldiers—if he were
not to make such a motion and insist upon its
adoption, and upon eai ly action upon the subject
by this House. I am wry glad that the peculiar
friends of the soldier, with the gentleman from
Indiana at their head, upon the other side of the
House, are moving in this matter. Of course the
country will und< rstand that that paity js above
all others m favor of sustaining the " poor sol-
jl dier" in the field, of protecting hi in generally in
i' his rights and privilegis, and permitting him ea-
|l pecially to vote when he returns from the war to
\\ his family and his friends, or revisits his residence
i, at home !
jj Sir, how perfectly absurd all this is. What
!j ciocodile tears they are which are shed underany
jj such pretense as that! # .
Now, sir, let me state the fact in regard to thm
proposed increase in the pay of the common sol-
diers, and what has been the action of the Com-
