1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
similar peoplesand no natural geographical bound-
aries; but it is not applicable to a great nation
with a large territory, independent and determined
so to remain. There could be no rule of division
for revenues so obtained but that of population;
and it is too obvious that the people of the prov-
inces do not and cannot consumc, per capita,
anything like theamountof merchandise charged
with duties consumed by citizens of the United
States. They simply have not the ability to
do it.
It is, however, idle to discuss this matter. The
proposition of the Committee on Commerce has
been before the Canadian Government, and while
they want a chance to sell ships and a further
share of our coasting trade, their conclusion was
that the Zollverein is wholly inadmissible. Mr.
Gait, "the minister of finance, to whom was re-
ferred the report of the Committee on Commerce
of the House of Representatives on the reciprocity
treaty," in his cautious report to his excellency
the Governor General in Council, March, 1862,
sums up the ease as follows:
"The undersigned can havo no hesitation in stating to
your excellency that, m his opinion; the project of an
Ainetican Zollverein, to which the Britis-h provinces should
become parties, is one wholly inconsistent with the main-
tenance of their connection with Gieat Britain, and also
opposed on its own merits to the interest of the people of
these piovinees."
After a response so explicit, I trust we shall not
be so unwise as to press for a reconsideration of
an offer we cannot seriously afford to make.
In the disposal of this question it is proper to
consider all the advantages, directly or remotely
derived from the reciprocity treaty. The chief
of these, if any can be found, are supposed to re-
late to the fisheries. Prior to this treaty, we were
confined to the stipulations of the treaty of 1818,
having weakjy surrendered our rights under the
treaty of 1783, and this gave to us privileges only
upon the coasts and shores within certain bound-
aries, while we renounced all claims to anything
beyond. By the reciprocity treaty we obtained
some privileges in common with British subjects
upon the coasts and shores generally of British
American possessions, and gave up to the com-
mon use of British colonial subjects similar priv-
ileges on our own coasts, shores, and islands
north of 36° north latitude, mutually excepting
shell-fish and the salmon and shad fisheries. The
favors so exchanged were reciprocal and equal,
unless the fishing grounds near the United Spates
are the least productive; and however that may
be, the fisheries of the United States, as a whole,
have not acquired thereby additional prosperity.
The exception of the shad and salmon fisheries
gives to the provinces an entire monopoly of that
trade; and yet our markets were made free, even
for the fish we are precluded from catching! Here
are free imports, and a decidedly fishy reciprocity.
To the late-mackerel fisheries the treaty may have
been of some service, und especially to that of
Gloucester, which has increased; but in many
places since the treaty the business has diminished
and is slowly disappearing. Late in the season
fishing near the shore for fat mackerel is indis-
pensable to success; but the main catch is outside
of these limits; and codfish is now mostly diy-
salted on shipboard, and then brought home'to be
cured. Provincial shoies are therefore less needed
than formerly. The provinces are allowed by the
treaty to bring into our markets free of duties fish
of all kinds, fish oil, and " products of fish, and
all other creatures living in the water;" and it is
this permission which supplants our fisheimen,
and robs them of their occupation.
The fish part of the treaty had been steadily
refused by us when tendered alone or conjoined
to other propositions up to 1854. The proposals
'made by Canada, from 1847 to 1851, for a fiee
interchange of a!! liatuial productions," were not
accepted by the United States. The British min-
ister in 1851 offeied "if the United States would
admitall fish, eithercured or fresh, imported from
British North American possessions in vessels of
any nation or description fiee of duty, and upon
termsinall respects of equality with fish imported
by the United States," that they were prepared
to throw open their fisheries, with certain limita-
tions, to us, with a threatofmeasures to be adopted
if no arrangement on the subject should be made;
and this overture was also declined. Mr. Sew-
ard, in the Senate, agreed with the President that
if anything was to be done, it should be by recip-
rocal legislation. (That, by the way, is our only
true course now.) The provinces were disap-
pointed, and, with the alacrity of those already
scenting their prey, they obeyed and joined Eng-
land in that stroke of policy—setting up a new
interpretation of the treaty, excluding us from
bays, and running the line of three miles from
shore, not according to the shore line, but from
headland to headland—to compel us in 1852 to
accept of reciprocity, which resulted in the advent
of a fieetof naval vessels to seize such of ouriish-
ing vessels as might pass beyond the new inter-
pretation so suddenly and without notice to be
enforced. They assumed to " hold us to our bar-
gain," as they styled it, unless we consented to
give them a still better one. War was played as
a game.
Mr. Webster, then Secretary of State, in a speech
made at Marshfield, said:
"TJic fishermen shall be protected in all their'rights of
pioperty ami in all their rights of occupation. To use a
Maiblehead pluase, they shall be protected * hook and hue.,
hob and sinker.' "
Who could have supposed that in two years
(under a new Secretary of Stat^) the reciprocity
treaty would have been an accomplished fact, or
that history would require the " Marblehead
phrase" to be prefaced by the word gone?
It would be just to revive the rights so fully
conceded to us by the treaty of 1783, which were
secured through common treasure, and won more
by the repeated prowess of our own people, in the
days of our colonyhood, than by that of Great
Britain, who often surrendered our conquests/tere
to recover her losses elsewhere; and these lights
permitted our fishermen to go wherever they had
been accustomed to go. Anything less now would
be un-American and fall short of our due. In time
we may reach a higher plane whenfreedomofthe
seas will comprehend freedom of fisheries. No
nation can have an inherent right to map off the
ocean and claim exclusive enjoyment of any in-
exhaustible fishery.
To go back again to the treaty of 1818, as the
worst possibility that might happen, would sub-
ject American fishermen to the inconvenience of
keeping off three marine miles from shores to
which that treaty gives us no privileges, leading
to occasional disputes, and might prove an injury
tothe lato-mackerel fisheries; but these evils are
not wholly insurmountable and by no means of
the weight of the general consideiations exacted
of us as equivalents. These would be the proper
subjects for treaties and would be readjusted ifi
some subsequent convention. It is no longer
doubtful that on i fishermen lose more from the free
admission of fish from the provinces than they gam
from the privilege of fishing inside of the line of
three miles from certain shores. When the catch
is short they make nothing, and when abundant
the glut from provincial competition steps in be-
tween them and all legitimate profits. Besides
the neat-shoie fishermen lose their hardiness and
become idlers. Thus our people, renowned for
their aptitude and success in securing'' the wealth
of the seas," behold therr empire passing to the
hands of strangers.
The lumber trade from the British provinces
has given some commercial life to to wns and cities
where it might not without the treaty have been
found, but even this is at the expense of American
interests. The [tines of Maine, of New Y ork, and
of Michigan must wait for the ax until the black
forests of the provinces have been culled and ex-
hausted. The timber lands of ourown States, ex-
posed to this unlimited Canadian livalry, are in-
definitely postponed, and will not be cleared and
fitted for cultivation while timber at a less costcan
be obtained anywhere this side of Labrador.
If the sources of our supply weie again to be
mainly confined to the United States, the prosper-
ity obtained by even the local distributive points
would not be lost though in some degree changed
to other localities. An equal trade would springy
up somewhere, differing chiefly in the sources of
supply, and that difference would be a positive
gain to the United States. It is also true that
provincial lumber, if subject to a moderate duty,
would not be wholly excluded, but would still
float to a considerable extent to United States
markets. Provincial lumbermightbe sold athome
for a trifle less, or as much less as the duty, and
would be offered here without any Material ad-
vance.* " : -
Looking at Oswego, the port where perhaps the
largest amount of the lumber trade centers, and
the fact is evident that it is mainly in th§ hatids
of Canadians. In 1862 there was $3,551,239in
value of merchandise^ received under the treaty
free of duty, but of this more than five" sixths,or
$2,973,783, was taken there in foreign vessels.
It was even worse in 1863. Of $2,627,723 then
received $2,253;349 came in foreign vessels. Oiftr
export trade at this port and many others appears
to be falling off. The exports to Canada of do~
mestic produce in 1856 were $4,787,750, and in
1861 they were only $2,075,895. The exports of
foreign merchandise in 1856 were $686,357, and
in 1861 they were only $275,265. The domestic
exports from Chicago in 1856 were $1,345,223,
and in 1861 they were $352,343. The ports of
Detroit, Oswe^atchie, Genessee, Champlain, and.
other places present similar unfavorable compari-
sons. Surely the commercial interests have §o
reason to look upon such a trade with special
favor. .
By article four of the treaty, we have thepriv-
ilegc of using the Welland and all the St. Law-
rence canals upon the payment of the same tolls
as are or may he exacted of her Majesty's sub-
jects, but with the right retained to suspend th$
privilege upon due notice. Except in time of war,
when, of course, the canals would not be exempt
from the law of the strongest, the Canadian Gov-
ernment from sheer interest would seek such pa-
tronage upon such conditions. Tolls would not
be refused while the grist came to their mill. But,
notwithstanding this provision, vessels of the Uni-
ted States have practically been made to pay ten
times as much toll as Canadian vessels. This has
been brought about by legislation, which provides
that vessels producing certificates that they have
landed and discharged their cargoes at Canadian
ports shall have ninety per cent, of the tolls re-,
funded. Provincial vessels,ofcourse,naturally do
this, but American vessels naturally do not. We
use their Welland canal, and for that we are taxed
as much as we should be if we used all their canals
going to Quebec. What we want they tax heav-
ily, but what we do not want they tax lightly.
Here is a discrimination legally and dexterously
made, which strikes a heavy blow against Amer-
ican shipping interests.
The only other advantage expected (but not
realized) under the treaty that occurs to me was
the free navigation of the St. Lawrence, for which
we gave in return that of Lake Michigan. This
might be desirable to complete the circuit of water
communication, if wo used it, but we do not; or
if we had any interest in building up Montreal
and (Quebec at the expense of Portland, Boston,
and New York, but we have none. In the first
six years after the treaty only forty American
vessels, all of small tonnage, passed seaward
through the St. Lawrence, and of these but nine-
teen ever returned. But in one year (1857) one
hundred and nine British vessels left a single port
ofLake Michigan. In practice, British reciprocity
is made up of similar unequal makeweights.and
we may say of the whole as we do of this part
with great propriety, we got a useless river by'
giving up a magnificent " inland sea."
If we examine the reciprocity treaty on gen-
eral principles, as a question of constitutional, po-
litical, or domestic policy, the deduction is inevit-
able that it is radically wrong, unwise, and, under
present circumstances, no longer to be tolerated.
And if we analyze it in all its varied relations,
patiently examining fact by fact, there will not
remain enough of sound base to prop it up an
hour beyond the period ^vhen it can be properly
overthrown.
I could wish, in our great historic struggle in
behalf of republican institutions and the triumph
of world-wide liberal principles, that we were
called upon to make some sacrifices on this ques-
tion in acknowledgment of good-fellowship man-
ifested by our younger brethren across the line,
but among their Government organs and press
* Our consul at Bristol, England, September 10, 3862,
says there is a deduction on laihoari iron of six dollars per
ton since the tanlf (of 1661) passed, and he adds that
crockery " can be purchased at a deduction equal to the
peicentageof the tariff. The same is pjobablytruo of cut
lerv."
