1428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
rniuce on Military Affairs, of which complaint is
made. That committee, having the ?ubj< ct be-
fore thorn at a very t ariy day, have bestowed
much mention upon it, and have framed with
gr*-v«t care and consideration a bill for the purpose
of increasing the pay, and have had it ready to
report whenever an opportunity should present
itself, A bill embodying the views of the com-
mittee is now prepared. In the mean time, hav-
ing had conference with the proper Executive
Departments and with the Union members of this
House,and looking to the necessity of first pass-
ing a bill-for taxation, this bill has been for the
present withheld. It is desired to ascertain what
may be the disposition of members upon both sides
of this House to sustain a thorough system of tax-
ation which will enable us to pay the soldiers up
to that point of libeialiry which we think they
richly deserve and the count!y can afford. This
measure of compensaiion, too, it is pioposed to
date back, so that nothing shall be lost by delay
of legislation. The committee intends to report it
at nn early day, and at such time as the measure
can command practical action m the House, and
they will then ask for its speedy consideration,
and that it may be passed with as httie debate as
possible. The committee believe thar when they
report the biji at the proper time it will receive
pretty general and concurrent assent m this
House, it will have favorable vote.s on this side
of the House, because Union membeis here de-
sire that the soldier shall be not only justly but
geiuroualy paid whatever the country cam afford
to give him lor the valuable services he renders in
putting down this wicked,infernal rebellion; find
it will receive suppoi t from that side of the Mouse
because one part of the tactics of gentlemen call-
ing themselves Demociats is to affect peculiar love
for the soldier.
Rut I think that the soldier may safely be left
to the care of Ins real friends. I am disposed to
think that it may be deemed proper enough that
the majority who control the action of thus 1 louse
Khali take care ol the interests of those who aie
fighting iii the Union cause up to th<< full ability
of the Government at the proper time and in the
proper way. We will be glad, of course, to have
from gentlemen on the other side their siucereand
earnest concurrent actum; and from some Repie-
sentatives there- we know we shall receive such
Buppoit, But we will not bedeteired from iakm£
the pmprr course m the matter by any affected
friendship for the aoidier and for the interests of
the soldier whteh is not manifested or prov< d m
other thing*. It will be hard tocniu'iinv thesol-
din himself th.u >hn*e mv leMlyvni! earnestly
in favor of giving !iitji a piopei compensation foi
Ins "ei vices and suffei mus in ih.- field, who ale not
for imposing those tnxes and supplying those
means that are necessary toenabje us :<> j^ive tins
proper compensation. It will he hardly believed
by the soldier that those nre his peculiar and best
ft lends who, on every occasion, when lie is called
upon to take a pnit in the government of the
eoiuHiy of wlneh he is a citizen as well as a sol-
di! r, anay themselves almost in a body against
the exercise ot such a franchi.se by him, and who
then turn round and shed team over him as if lie
and his concerns were tffeir special eare, and the
fsubj'c: of their amiable solicitude.
hut I do^ not propose to go into an extended ex-
position of this subject. When the time comes
it can he tully considered. But I say again, that
I ihmk n fair to piesume that so far as that class
of our citizens is concerned—the citizen soklie> —
they m,ty Ksah'ly |J(> [„{'t jn {hc cape (,tvfheU ^
frieinoJ 1 have stated what haa b *en the course
of the Committee on Miliuiy MFairs, \ have
J*"* P!Vl,ariUlm> t0 report at a proper time.
A hil for that purpose is now in my hands. liut
as 1 do not think U either right or proper to at-
tempt, m violation of these facts and of this pol-
icy, to force that committee to report at once,
wnnout jeO-ri IKC to other matters uf concurrent
u&l ueedibf /• gis'ation, { move that the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Indiana be laid upon
tne table; and on fhaf I move the previous ques-
tion. 1
Mr. WASURURNE, of Illinois. I h0pC the
gemi'-n.an will move to refer the resolution of the
gt ot;.■man ftona indi.ma to the Mihtmy Commit-
tee, as f,e ar ii st p!o*>oi>"l
i'lie $f- biAKEi*, The motion is not debatable.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well; t am not par-
ticuia>-. It may take that course. I move to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. COX. I hope my colleague will, after the
speech that he has made, withdraw the previous
question.
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
Mr. COX. To allow us to reply to the style
of remark indulged in by the gentleman.
Mr. SCHENCK. There will be time enough
for both of us. Remarks have now been made
on both sides.
Mr. COX demanded tellers on the previous
questio n.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Garfield were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 64, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the refer-
ence of the resolution to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Air. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 75, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Mo«.sr<. Alley, Allison, Ames-, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Heaman, Blame, Bout-
well. i Joyd, Biootmtil, Ambrose W. Clink, Cobb, Cole, Hen-
iv Win tor i):ivi\,Thomab T.Davis, Dixon, L)oime!!y,Drj£Srf,
DumoMt, Eckley, Eliot, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Grm-
nell, Ilmby, Hooper, Hotcliki-s, AmiIio! W, Hubbard, John
11. Iluhbntd, Jeueke-;, Julian, Ka^ou, K>lley, Fiancis W.
KcIIol'2, Orlaiido Kellogg, Loan, Loneycar, McBride, Mc-
Clnrg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorheiui, Mornll, Amos Myers,
Odell, Orth, l\uier: on, IVitiam, l'ike, Pornoroy, Price,
William U. IUuulnll, John [I. Rice, Edwaid II. Rollins,
Schenck, Shannon, Sniitheis, Spalding, Starr, Stevens,
Tha\ er, Traev. Up<on, Van Valkenhurgh, Elihu 13. Wu h-
buine, William B. W.i^hbutn, Whaiuy, William-*, Wilder,
WiKon, Windom, and Woodlmd^e—7o.
NWS—Me^r- James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldw hi, l.iooks, Jame^ S. Hi own. Cox, Dawson, Donnon,
Eden. ^idrid2 \ English, Fim-k, Gansoa, Hall, Harrington,
I5en|.uniu (i.ilani<([Iemck,Hohiian. Pin lip Johnson, Kalb-
tlei ill, E.tvv, Ij.izcar, Lony, Mallory, IM.ucy, MeKinney,
■Muldhton. William H. Millor, Jani'"  It. Morn«, Morn^on,
NeKon. John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pinyn, R.ulloul, Samuel
J. Randall, Robinson. Rt^er>, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele. Slion^e, Stuait, Vooiliees, Waul, Wheelei, Chilton
A. Wluu', Winfield, and Yo.iman—48.
So the n^olntion was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SOIIENCIC moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the resolution was referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,its
Secret'ii v, announced that the Senate had passed
an aeL (H. It. No. 250) to vacate and sell the present
1 ndmn reservations in Utah Territory and to settle
the Indians of said Territory in the Uinta valley,
with amendments; and a joint resolution (S. No.
' 39) relating to the publication of the decisions of
the Supreme Com t of I be United States for Decem-
ber teim, lfc>G3; in which ho was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
REPORT OF CHARLES B, STUART.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following lesolution:
Resolved, Thai live thousand e.xtia copies of the report
ofCiiaile^ B. Stuai l. con^ulunj! engineer of the State of
New Voik, in rei'eience to the nnpiovcmcut of her water
i coinnninication between the Hudson nver and the lakes in
| the We«>t .ind iVonhwe^t, made March £7, 1864, be printed
I lor the !!•>(' of the House.
| Air. HOLMAN, I do not object to the reso-
lution, but I wish to know by whose authority
that survey was made?
Mr. DA VIS, of New Yoik. It was made un-
der the appointment of the President in consulta-
tion with the Governor of the Slate of New York.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Punting, under the
rules.
COLONY OF BLACKS.
Mr. COX. I askthcunanimouaconsentofthe
House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State communicate 10
thi-v Hous>e .ill eoriespondence between our consul at Aux
Cave* and tne State Department in regard to our colony
of black- :u the Isle of Vaehe,
Objection was made.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN NEW YORK.
Mr. WARD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill in relation to the United States courts
in the southern district of New York; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
ABSENCE OF NAVAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
I am directed by the Committee on Naval Affairs
to ask the.leave of the House for the absence ot
that committee for ten days from Thursday next,
for the purpose of visiting one or two of the pro-
posed sites for a navy-yard upon the western wa-
ters. I will state that this matter has been under
consideration by the committee upon various pe-
titions and memorials referred to it fromdiffuient
sections of the country; and the 'committee are
uigently invited to visit one or two places in the
western country, supposed to be especially eli-
gible fora naval station upon the Mississippi river
and its tributaries. If the committee have the
consent of the House to visit those places for the
purpose of making a personal inspection, they
feel that they may report on the subject with more
intelligence.
Mr^WASHBUENE, of Illinois. I desire tousk
the gentleman from Massachusetts what particular
places in the West and Southwest he proposes to
visit?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. The sites which
the committee are invited to inspect are upon
the Mississippi and Ohio rivers in the immediate
vicinity of the city of St. Louis. I will state that
the committoe have also been invited to visit Buf-
falo, Pittsburg, Cleveland, Mound City, Cairo,
and Milwaukee, but that it is not their intention
to visit all of these places. They propose to visit
the sites at the confluence of the Mississippi and
Ohm rivers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to state what information the com-
mittee expects to derive from a personal inspection
that they «annot derive from other sources.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I should not
lijco to trench upon the privilege granted to me
by my colleague by expending the remainder of
the day in rehearsing the characteristics of the
several eligible sites which will be submitted to our
inspection in the western country. I have never
had the privilege of traveling through that section
of the country; and the claims presented here so
eloquently by the Representatives of the West I
have no doubt will be enforced by this proposed
inspection, and that the committee will come back
impressed with the importance of that section.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I need not re-
mind the House that fora month past it has been
with difficulty we have been able to get a quorum
to do business, and that many hours which ought
to have been devoted to ^business have been ex-
pended in getting a quorum. We ought first to go
on and do the business necessary to be transacted,
and then there is business outside of the House
which may be attended to. Yesterday, when
every member seemed anxious to vote, there were
only one hundred and nine members present.
Now, every man who is acquainted with the at-
mosphere here knows that when a memberattends
one day he cannot attend the next day. When
we have scarcely enough to do business now, it
is proposed to give leave of absence to nine of our
best business men [laughter] to go into pleasant
places from which they will return haidly im-
proved in their capacity for business. [Renewed
laughter.] Then it is suggested that guerrillas are
prevalent in that section of the country. [Laugh-
ter.] I have never been there, and if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were to see the ft*r-
nhty of that region I have no doubtthat we would
better know how to impose taxes. [Laughter.]
I do not see but that we would gain more advant-
ages by examining the statistics of the business
of those flourishing places in the West than the
Naval Committee. The most they could do
would be to test the water fand try its chemical
qualities [laughter] and its aptitude for mixing.
[Renewed laughter.] That is all they can do.
They will come back not much wiser. They will
come back with very little information.
But, seriously, I cannot but hope the gentle-
man will withdraw this proposition. If a month
hence, say in May or even in July, they desire
to take that time, it will be much more pleasant
to them, and more profitable to the House. I
hope, therefore, the House will notgrantthe leave
requested-
