1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3381
eighteen years of age who was enlisted without
the consent of his parent or guardian. If the
Earent or guardian has given the consent, then
etwecn the ages of eighteen and sixteen the en-
listment would be held good as we have amended
this section.
Mr. CARLILE. That is exactly what I wish
to avoid. The same reason that requires the dis-
chatge of one under sixteen years of ago requires
the discharge of one under eighteen.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator withdraw
that for a moment to allow the question to be set-
tled on striking out the first eight lines?
Mr. CARLILE. 1 withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WILSON. 1 now move to strike out all
after the word " that" in the first line down to
the word 44 if" in the eighth line.
Mr. HOWE. That is precisely the amend-
ment that I do not want made. If these hoys
ought to render military service, they ought to
be drafted just as much as anybody else. If you
mean to hold them as soldiers, you must hold
them because it is their duty to do the duty of
soldiers or because they agree to it. I say you
ought not to base any obligation upon their con-
tract, for it is not the policy of the law to allow
them to make contracts. They are not capable
of making contiacts. They have parents or they
have guardians; if not, the State is their guard-
ian; and you ought not to allow them to make
such contracts. I put it to the Senate, and to the
Senator from Massachusetts, that there is no
possible way of proving that a person is under
eighteen that does not exist for proving he is
under sixteen.
Mr. WILSON. This applies to the future.
Mr. HOWE. Very well. You can prove
just as well what the age of a person is who en-
listed last year as the age of a person who shall
enlist next year. It is the fact of age that is to be
established, and the facility of proving it does
not depend on the time when he enlisted, nor does
it depend on whether he is eighteen or sixteen.
You can prove one age as well as another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust these wotdn will
not be stricken out. I cannot see how their re-
tention is to demoralize the At my, or have any
such bad effect; and I am really quite surprised
that^the Senator from Massachusetts does not
agree to retain them. I think the Senator from
Indiana is correct in his construction of the law,
that it is the duty now of the Secretary of War
to discharge these peisons who are enlisted under
eighteen years of age. I know that rccruiting offi-
cers have gone out m the country, and, in their
anxiety to get recruits, have induced boys to en-
list without the consent of their parents, and that
there has been no remedy. It has been very dif-
ficult to get those boys discharged. The Senator
from Massachusetts objects to this clause because
he says it will demoralize the Army, and persons
twenty-five years of age will be discharged. Not
at all. The law is very carefully guarded. Let
me read it. The words proposed to be stricken
out, it will be observed, refer to the twentieth
section of the act of February 21, 1864. The
twentieth section of that act is as follows:
That the Secretary of Wat may oider the discliaige''—
The word " may" is used here, and all the
change proposed is to make it " shall"—
" mav order the di>*chai;je of all persons in the military
service who aie under the ace of eighteen years at the nine
of the application foi their di>chaige, when it shall appear,
upon tine pioof, thai such persons sue in the service with-
out the consent, e ther express or implied, of their patents
or guardians: And provided further, That such prisons.,
then patents or guauhans, shall fir.^t repay (o the Govern-
ment. and to the s^tatc and local authorities, all bounties
and advance pay which may have been paid to them, any-
thing in the act to which this is an amendment to the cun-
lrai\ notwithstanding "
What must be done under this law if these
woids are retained in the fifth section of this bill
in order to obtain the discharge of a minor under
eighteen years of age? He must make an appli-
cation to be discharged; he must satisfy the Sec-
retary of War, on due proof, that he is under
eighteen years of age at the time he makes his
application; he must also prove to the Secietary
of War that he enlisted without the consent of
his parent or guardian; he must further refund
ail the bounty he has received, whether paid by
the Government or local authorities, and all ad-
vance pay which he has received. Is it going to
demoralize the Army for the Secretary of War to
do that? There ought not to be any such person in
the Army under eighteen years of age when he
makes the application, no matter what his age
may have been when he enlisted. He must show
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War all
these things before he can get a discharge; and
we are told that will demoralize the Army ! No
such person should be in the Army, or else our
laws are all wrong. I have known instances;
several have come under my personal observa-
tion; I have seen in this city a gentleman all the
way from my State, more than a thousand miles,
who has come here with the proofs showing that
his son, under eighteen years of age, had been
seduced away from home and enlisted or volun-
teered, though the boy denied that he had ever
'volunteered, yet he was reported as having en-
listed and gone into the service, and he could get
no redress. Such things ought not to be. Our
law is based upon the idea—and the Senator from
Massachusetts wants it that way; he does not
propose to change it—that it is disadvantageous to
have in the service persons under eighteen years
of age. You agree to that. They cannotget out
if these words remain, unless the Secretary of
War is satisfied of ail these things. It is left to
him 
Mr. WILSON. It is there now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; he does not act. He
construes this to be discretionary, and he refuses
to act. Now we want it obligatory on him, when
he is satisfied of all these facts, when the applica-
tion is made, and he is satisfied that the ago of
the applicant is under eighteen, and he is further
satisfied that his parents and guardians knew
nothing of his enlistment, and is further satisfied
that the bounty and advance pay lie has received
is all paid back, then there is no use m holding
that boy in the sorvice. It is prejudicial to the
service, and he ought to be discharged. Why not,
then, let these words remain, and let him be dis-
charged ?
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator if in his
opinion, this will not discharge minors under
eighteen years of age who enlisted with the con-
sent of then* parents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not one, because it is
provided expressly here, " when it shall appear
on due proof that such persons are in the service
without the consent, eithercxpiess or implied, of
their parents or guaidians." The law is very caie-
fuily worded. It must appear that there was no
implied consent for them to enlist.
The motion to stiike out was not agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. I now move the amendment
I submitted a short time ago to stiike out " six-
teen" and insert " eighteen" in line ten.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This section
is now perfected,and the question will beon strik-
ing out the section as amended.
Mr. HOWE. I take it, of course the Senate
will not strike out the whole section when they
have agreed not to strike out a part. [''No,"
"No."]
The motion to strike out was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Military Affairs was m section six, line eight, to
strike outfifty" and insert " one hundred;" so
that it wiil read:
That section thiee of nn act, &c., be,and the same is
hereby, amended, so as to authorize and direct district
provost niat haN, under the direction of the Piovost .Maobal
General, to make a diaft fot one bundled pet tent, in addi-
tion to the number required to fill the quota of any district.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that under
the original act the draft may be for fifty per
cent, more than the amount called for. By the
construction of the act of February 24,1864, it is
thought you can draft for only the number called
for. Experience proves that we hold just about
fifty per cent, of the men, and by drafting one
hundred per cent.additional,the thtngis all done
at once, and.a great deal is saved of the expense
of traveling of the officers, of giving notice, &c.,
and agieat deed of time is saved too, because we
have to draft over and over again if we tall short.
Therefore by diafung one hundred per rout, ad-
ditional it was thought you would bold the num-
ber wanted, and save a great deal of time and ex-
pense to the Government and no harm would be
done to anybody.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the 1st
day of July, 1864, hospital matrons shall be entitled to and
shall icceive twelve dollars per mouth and one ration.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That seetion twelve of the
" Act for enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes," approved March 3, 1863, be, and is
hereby, so amended that the notice to be served on dralted
men may be served within ten days after such draft and at
any time within six months therefrom.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section the following:
And be il further cnactcd. That payments which have
been made by paymasters to non-commissioned officeis of
volunteer legnnenis from the date of their enrollment and
for a thne pievious to their muster into the servicc of the
United States, shall, it otherwise correct, be allowed in
the settlement of such paymasters' accounts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am opposed to that
amendment because it is not germane to the bill.
I think it is bad enough for the rest of us to throw
into a bill incongruous matter without the chair-
man of the committee attempting to do it.
Mr. WILSON. The committee unanimously
agreed to these sections a week ago, and they are
on a bill now pending before the House of Rep-
resentatives; but we thought we could put them
on this hill and save all trouble.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will it save taking up
the other bill altogether?
Mr. WILSON. That was what I intended to
do; but I will withdraw the amendment if any-
body thinks it will embarrass this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The objection is this:
when persons examine laws and inspect them
they look to the title, and do not expect to find
under one title things relating to another; and
they are often ignorant of the law because of this
kind of legislation.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment
and all the amendments that I intended to pro-
pose as new sections, even the one agreed to.
Mr. FES8ENDEN. Those agreed to are all
right; but I suggest to the Senator to keep off
this bill everything which does not relate to the
subject-matter of the draft.
Mr. BROWN. Do I understand the chairman
to withdraw those amendments?
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw them all.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say in behalf of
myself and of other members of the Committee
on Military Affairs that while they have not
deemed it necessary to make a minority report
on this bill, and while they concur in the amend-
ments that have been presented by the chairman,
they do not approve of the bill as it stands. On
the contrary, they believe that this measure, if
passed in its present shape, will be fatal to the
military system of the United States. I do not
desire to enter into any protracted discussion of
the various propositions which are embraced in
the bill, because we have already considered at
length most of the points involved, but I will
present some considerations that I think ought
to be laid before the Senate.
Sir, what is the object of this bill ? Is it to raise
white troops or is it to raise colored troops? If
the object be to raise colored troops, then it wiil
perhaps accomplish the end designed, but accom-
plish it at a far more extravagant rate than could
be done under the present law. And that f-uch
will be its result whatever may have been the de-
sign must be very apparent. That section of the
bill which authorizes the several Governors of the
loyal States to send agents into those States de-
clared to be in insurrection and there recruit to
fill their quotas will give nothing but colored
troops as that quota, and the persistency with
which that feature of it is adhered to shows that
that is the main point in the bill. It is to provide
for changing the Army from its present form into
one composed of freedmen put in as substitutes.
But if you go into the insurrectionary districts
and there enlist freedmen under this bill, you are
required by this bill to give them a bounty of
$4U0. Let Senators consider, however, that under
the iaw as it now stands, it is competent for the
Government of the United States to enlist all the
colored troops that it can find access to, all the
freedmen in the insuricctionary districts who are
