2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
«►
ing commissions, and subject to the rules and
articles of war. By this act also the office of pur-
veyor of public supplies was abolished in terms.
While these changes were taking place in regard
to furnishing supplies to the Army, the matter of
supplying the Navy seemed to attract very little
attention. Experience had everywhere demon-
strated the absolute necessity for military control
over such officers, and Congress, recognizing that
necessity, established it so far as the Army was
concerned, but took no action whatever in re-
lation to the supply officers of the Navy. Why
this distinction was made it is impossible to con-
jecture,, unless it arose from the comparative in-
significance of our Navy at that time, and the
consequent small amount of supplies required for
its support.
Answering to and corresponding with the quar-
termasters and commissaues of the Army are
the Navy agents and naval storekeepers in the
Navy. As the quartermasters and commissaries
are the purchasing agents and depositaries of sup-
plies for the Army, so are the Navy agents and
naval storekeepers the purchasing agents and de-
positaries of supplies for the Navy.
It is impossible to discover the precise time at
which Navy agents were first known m our ser-
vice. They were originally mere temporary agents
appointed by the head of the Department for the
performance of a specific duty, and probably
sprang up after the abolition of the office of pur-
veyor of public supplies and the creation of mil-
itary agents. They were recognized for the fit st
time by Iaw*as in legal existence by the act of
May 15, 1820, in which it is declared that certain
enumerated officers to be appointed under the
laws of the United-States, and among them Navy
agents, "shall be appointed for the term of four
years, but tftall be removable from office at pleas-
ure." Navy agents and naval storekeepers arc
and always have been civil appointees; that is
to say. they have for forty years been selected
from the political friends of the dominant party,
through the influence of politicians residing in the
States where the navy-yaids were established, and
selected, not because of their eminent qualifica-
tions, not because they have been experienced
merchants, but because of the personal and party
services they have rendered or have been expected
to render to some prominent politician in the
neighborhood. Every change in the domination
of political parties has produced a change of these
officers.
Now, let us look at the present system of sup-
plying the Navy Department, examine the du-
ties that Navy agents and naval storekeepers are
required to perforn], and ascertain how they dis-
charge those duties.
Some time before the beginning of each fiscal
year each bureau of the Navy Deportment makes
out a schedule of the various tuticle^ and the
amounts of each that will probably be required
during the year at each navy-yard. To inform
themselves on this subject the chiefs of the bu-
reaus call upon the commandant of each yaul to
furnish this information, so fur as prelates to the
yard under his charge. At each yaul are an
engineer and a master-workman for each descrip-
tion of work done at the yard, as, for example,
master blacksmiths, master carpenters, master
painters, master boat-builders, master rope-woi le-
ers,&c.,&c. These master mechanics are also
political appointees, holding their offices at the
instance and during the pleasure of «ome prom-
inent politician, and generally in the interest of
some contractor. With a political change in the
national administration they also are allswcptou?
of office, and their places supplied by new men
hungry for place and money, the only merit of
many of them consisting in their fidelity to the
political fortunes of some member of Congress.
Nine tenths of all of the clamors that have at va-
rious times been raised against the chief of (lie
Bureau of Yards and Docks lias proceeded from
the fact that he, having the general supervision of
such appointments, has attempted to retain the
services of some of the most experienced and
honest master mechanics in the yards.
When thecommandantreceivcs the order from
the Navy Department to report the probable
wants of his yard he at once refeis the matter to
the various master mechanics, and requires them
to furnish schedules of the articles and the amount
of each article that will be required by each of
their departments in the yard. The master me-
chanics report the wants of the yard in what the
law terms " classes," i. e., the various kinds of
iron are embraced in different classes, hardware
in. another, lumber of various kinds in others,
anil so on until all of the anticipated wants of the
yard are reported to the commandantand through
him to the Navy Department at Washington.
The award of the contract is made to the lowest
aggregate bid for the articles embraced in the
class. It )vill be readily perceived how easy it
has always been for one of the professional con-
tractors, who abound about the yards, and who is
in collusion with the master-workmen, to defraud
the Government under this system. The con-
tractor, through the influence of a friendly poli-
tician, secures the appointment of his tool as a
master mechanic at a yard where he designs to
-conduct his operations. This master mechanic
thus appointed furnishes to the commandant of
the yard a schedule of the articles which he says
will be wanted in hisdepartment. In this sched-
ule will be included many articles of which the
master mechanic well knows there will be but
small amounts if any needed, but of which he will
represent that large amounts will be lequired.
The honest contractor who is not in the secret
of the fiaud will bid upon each of those articles
the price at which they can be reasonably fur-
nished; while the dishonest one, being in the se-
cret, and knowing that little if any of some arti-
cles will be called for, and knowing which those
articles are, bids for them a merely nominal sum.
While this master mechanic thus estimates for
some articles which the contractor is not really
expected to furnish, he at the same time and in
the same "class" estimates for very small amounts
of such articles as are of prime necessity, and of
which large quantities will le required. In this
way the aggregate of the bid of the dishonestcon-
tractor being much below the aggiegate bid of the
honest one, who is not in collusion with the Gov-
ernment employe, he has received the contract,
and thus honest men have been dtiven away from
competing with the knaves.
It should be borne m mind also that the con-
tracts have always contained a provision declaring
that iK if additional quantities, not exceeding tsvicc
the amount of the articles named m the contract
be demanded, they shall be furnished on like
teims and conditions" with those specified in the
contract.
The working of this system can be best illus-
trated by copies of bids upon which contracts
have been awarded, taken from the public files of
the Navy Depaitinent. I have selected those
which 1 shall read because the particular con-
tractors named have carried nominal bidding to a
greater extent than any contractors that 1 know,
and because they make great professions of mer-
cantile integrity. They have even published two
pamphlets m part to convince the public that they
were justified in resorting to this flagitious prac-
tice of fictitious bids becau.se others had done so
or would do so. Indeed, tliey make the extraor-
dinary pretension of being great reformers of
abuses, but their virtuous z<*al for reformation did
not extend so far as to lend them to recommend
the rejection of nominal bids; for those who have
read the letter of Mr. Franklin W. Smith to Hon.
Charles B. Sedgwick, under date of Febiuary 10,
18(33, have observed that Mr. Smith recommends
" the omission" fiom the act, of 3d Match, 1803,
"of the clausc allowing the rejection of bids for
nominal prices, because if the quantitiesarc fixed,
as above mentioned, there can be no fictitious
bids."
The first bid I lead is that of Smith Brothers
& Foster, of 4th June, 1861, for pig iron. The
market price for American iion at that time was
eighteen dollais per ton, and for Scotch iron was
twenty-one to twenty-three dollars per ton:
Smith IJiotheis & Foster. Date of Contract June 4, 1H61.
Cla.-s No. 13—-Pig iron. Mbcellaneuiii..
Bui. Deliveries.
20 tons (2,2'<0 pound-) Fcntch piu iion, at $1 per
ton, 9 tons   £9
2(J tons. (-2,210 pounds) American pig iron, at $31
pel ton, tons   2,697
Tol.il   $2,106
They proposed to furnish twenty tons of Amer-
ican pig iron when the market price was $18 a
ton according to the price-current of that month
at $31 a ton, and the Scotch pig the market price
of which was $21 to$23 per ton, at $1 per ton. Of
the Scotch pig at $1 per ton only nine tons were
ever delivered, while of the American pig at the
exorbitant price of §31 per ton there were eighty-
seven tons delivered, or more than five times the
amount contracted for. Will any one say that
this transaction furnishes no evidence of collusion
between the contractors and the parties who made
the estimates and the requisitions ?
But it is said that Smith Brothers & Foster were
compelled to bid thus in order to secure the con-
tract, and because other contractors did the same
thing. They contend that they were justified in
following the multitude to do evil. Let that ques-
tion be determined by the offers of their compet-
itors, some of whom, at any rate, judging from
their bids, were honest men. The bids for this
class were:
8
8
Stmt!) Brothers & Foster.
J. R. Elvans.
W. E. Coffin & Co.
N. W. Coffin.
II. J. Collins Sc. Co.
Tilton, Wheelwright & Co.
William Lang.
Oakman &Eldrcdge.
J2. R. Tucker.
13. U. CaMlo.
The nextbid I read was made by Smith Broth-
ers & Co., the same indiv iduals that composed the
firm of Smith Brotheis & Foster, for class thir-
teen*, also American and Scotch pig iron, and is
as follows:
Smith Utother* St Co. Date of Contiact October 14, 1661,
Cla«^ No. 13—Pig lion. Mi^cUancou^.
Bid. Delivo ica.
170 tons (2,240 pound-") American pit; iron, at ^30
per ton, 295 1*219-2240 tons £y,8GG 30
80ton? (2,2*50 poumh) Scotch pig iron, at $1 per*
ton, 9 2125-2210 tons  9 95
$5^876 27
Here it will be observed that there were eighty
tons of Scotch iron contracted for at one dollar
per ton, of which only about ten tons were de-
livered, and one hundred and seventy tons of
American pig at thirty dollars per ton, and two
hundred and ninety-five and one half tons deliv-
ered. Let those who desire to know how sub-
stantial the defense is that if this robbery had not
been perpetrated by these contractors it would
have been by others, examine the list of their
competitors and their bids, and then calculate for
themselves the loss to the Government by the
nominal bidding of houses of u high mercantile
integrity." Compare the amount of Scotch iron
contracted for and its price; compare the amount
of it called for at one dollar a ton \v ith the amount
called for of American iron at thirty dollars, and
then tell me whether there is any evidcncc of col-
