1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1431
the House I would like to suggest to the gentle-
man who has charge of it thatsome change ought
to be made in the twelfth section.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee have no
right to return to the twelfth section.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Before the question is put
on the motion that the committee rise I desire to
ask a question. Several amendments have been
adopted in committee. I desire to know whether
we may have a separate vote upon each amend-
ment in (he House?
Mr. STEVENS. Undoubtedly. ^
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. With that understanding
I have no objection to the bill being now reported
to the House.
Mr. STEVENS. It is the right of any gen-
tleman to have a separate vote upon any amend-
ment. 1 ask that the vote may be taken upon the
motion that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the committee having, accord-
ing to oi der, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill (H.
R. No. 333) to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption thereof,
had instructed him to report the same back to the
House with sundry amendments, and with the rec-
ommendation that the bill as amended do pass.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the whole of it, and inserting the fol-
lowing substitute.
Mr. IIOLMAN. As a matter of order I sup-
pose the amendments reported from tho Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union will
come up first for the vote of the House.
Tiie SPEAKER.. The vote will be first upon
the amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. COX. 1 would like to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania whether the substitute
he has offered is the bill as amended by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. STEVENS, it is, with the exception of
the seven per cent., which is restored the same
as the original bill.
Mr. COX. How about the State tax?
Mr. STEVENS. That is left out also.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I dfesire to
ask the gentleman whether the provision is
stricken out m icgard to real estate security, and
which allows the right of the banks to speculate
in gold and silver?
Mr, COX. Will not the gentleman allow the
substitute to be piinted over night, in ouler that
we may examine it?
Mr. STEVENS. Gentlemen will find that
there arc but one or two amendments differing
from the present bill; one restores the seven per
cent, rate of uniform interest, ami the other strikes
out the State taxation clause. 1 believe there is
nothing else of importance. If any gentleman
doubts about it, I do not want the bill acted on
now. I see my fnend fiom New York [Mr.
Steele] is asking me to yield to him to make a
few remarks, which I shall do with pleasure.
Mr. COX. One more question.
Mr. STEVENS. I would call the previous
question, but 1 suppose I may before that allow
the gentleman from New York to occupy a few
moments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to accede to the re-
quest, and allow the substitute to be printed.
Mr. S FEVENS. We have not yet done with
the day's proceedings, and we can decide that
matter better by and by.
Mr. COX. May it not be understood by gen-
eral consent that the substitute be printed to-night
and a vote be taken on it in the morning?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not like to say that now.
I cannot say what will turn up before we adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman fiom
Pennsylvania cull thu previous question5
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will not if the gentleman
from New Yoik will call it upon thu conclusion
of his remai ks.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I will.
Mr. Speaker, jt has been with great reluctance j
that 1 have at any time asked the attention of the ;
American Congress to any remarks of nunc. And !
at no time ha ?e I attempted to address the House
when that feeling was stronger than now. Hav-
ing no claims to superior knowledge in finance,
either from education orexpericncc, ithas seemed
little less than presumption in me to attempt to
speak on this subject to men many of whom have
given years to tire study of this intricate, vexed,
and even yet uncertain subject, added to many
years of experience in such pmsuits as have af-
forded them facilities for subjecting their mve^-
tigationsto the test of practical observation; and 1
doubt if I should have so far overcome my scru-
ples as to make this effoi t were it not that I have
received such communications from my constitu-
ents as seem almost to malrt it obligatory upon
me. The great kindness uniformly extended to
me by my associates here makes me believe that
my imperfect suggestions will be received with
many degrees of allowance, and given, at least, all
the consideration they deserve.
My objections, sir, to this bill are mainly to
the system it attempts to perfect and perpetuate,
rather than to matters of detail, and therefore 1
preferred to reserve my lemarks until such time
as it should be presented to the House, for final
action. And even now it is not possible to de-
termine whfit precise foim it^will assume, as some
of the amendments propose,} by tho Committee
of the Whole are yet to be decided upon by the
House. Yet I think it may be now safely as-
sumed that most of the important provisions of
the bill are settled as they will be submitted for
the final action of the House.
It having boon my lot to enter first upon my
congressional dunes after a most infamous at tempt
had been made by a formidable aimed rebellion
to break up and destroy the Union and to over-
throw the best Government of the earth, it has
been my constant desire from the beginning to
give earnest and hearty support to every nieasuie
necessat y or important to sustain the Government
in these fearful times. And I will not concede
that any one, even my distinguished colleague,
who in his great speech on the gold bill made
such an earnest, etTective, and patriotic appeal to
the Congress and the country, is influenced by a
more anxious desire to do and to suffer everything
needful for the success of our cause and the sal-
vation of our country.
It is suggested that this is no new measure, but
one already decided and entered upon, and con-
sidered necessary by that Department of the Gov-
ernment having thaige of the finances, and there-
fore it is unpatriotic to oppo.se it or point out its
impei feetious, if it has any. Sir, it is not only
the privilege but the duty of every Representa-
tive carefully to examine and consider every im-
poi tan t measure proposed for action here, whether
oiigmal or amendatory, and if he believes it in-
consistent \vith the genius of our institutions and
subversive of tin111 gilts of the States or the people,
then to oppose its p.^-ja^e with all the power lie
can command. And I cannot understand how the
fact that it is undoistood lo be detei mined upon
by the dominant pat ty can relievo one fiom such
responsibility.
At the time the hill for which tins is sought to
be substituted was presented for the considera-
tion of 'he Thirty-Seventh Congress, it was urged
as an imminent necessity*, and realizing as we
all did then, and do now, the importance to our
national existence of the financial question, it is
not improbable that the fear of doing a substan-
tial injury to ;hc country by its rejection did more
to secure Us passage than any deliberate convic-
tion that in itself it was either wise or meritorious.
The measure as it was adopted, either from Us
imperfections and absmdiues, or because it was
not generally acceptable, has been so little used
as to have sei ved no substantial purpose in sup-
plymga currency. In fact, statements were made
upon this floor, during the debate on Saturday
last, that it was "ineffective and inoperative;"
and that, too, by a member of the Ways and
Means Committeein favor of this lull, as folio ws:
u I understand the object of lind bill to be to perfect tlie
existing law, tile law of Iif63, which, durum the pa^tyear,
lias been bhown to be metiecuve and inoperative.
"I can tegatd tlu= ui no oiliei way than as ;ui eflutt on
the pait or Congress to render efficient a law now inoper-
ative."
If this bo so, then of course the object of this
substitute is to gne vitality and effect to what is
now supposed to be " ineift ctivc and inoperative."'
Therefore it is quite proper to discuss it, much the
same as if it weie an original proposition.
A good while ago there grew up in this coun-
try a national institution called the United States
Bank. Old Hickory Jackson said it was of un-
lawful origin, contrary to the spirit of our insti-
tutions, and dangerous to the libei lies of the peo-
ple. lie sw<^ by the Eternal, and it disappeared.
And I should like to know what the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the chairman of
the Ways and M^ans, who not long ago prayed
so earnestly for " six months of the leadership of
stern Old Hickory Jackson," thinks he would
swear by now, if he should appear here and read
this bill, knowing it was to pass by the recom-
mendation and vote of that mortal who invoked
his presence. The unprecedented popularity and
indomitable will of the Hero of the Hermitage
carried him'safely thiough his attack upon that
mighty monetary power. Yet we all remember
well how the death-throes of the expiring mon-
ster caused apprehension, cmbanassment, and
distress all over the land. Sir, if that bank, with
its $30,000,000 capital, was so dangerous to lib-
erty, and required the wonderful energies of a
Jackson to put it down, what shall be said of this
mammoth institution, with its £300,000,000 cap-
ital and its almost numbeiless tiibutaries, to be
established in every part of this vast country?
Verily here is an instrument of executive patron-
age and power worthy the conceptions of the loft-
iest aspirant.
Nor does the magnificent scheme halt'with its
present apparent proportions. One of the argu-
ments, which meets with much favor among its
advocates, is that the legal-tender system,although
well enough in itself, was only intended as a tem-
porary expedient, whereas the national currency
system, as it is called, is expected to become a
permanent institution and to supplantand take the
place of all the other paper money of the country.
Whenever the State banks can be annihilated
then its volume can be increased. So soon as all
the legal tender can be withdrawn it can be again
incieased. As the country advances, and a fur-
ther demand for currency can be created, then it
is to be increased again and again until the fertile
imagination of the. financial and political schemer
and dreamei loses itself in the misty mazes of
the distant future. And were it not that the ex-
perience of the past, and the sober consideration
of all practical, thinking financial men agree in
the inevitable judgment that all visions of an un-
limited paper currency not redeemable in coin are
delusive and every such system must eventually
explode, there might be no end of the amount and
volume to which this so-called national currency
could be expanded.
But even if it were possible that the vast min-
eral resouices of the country could be developed
to such an extent as to provide a specie basis for
these untold millions of paper money, what would
be the inevitable consequence of having these five,
ten, fifteen, or any imaginable number of hundreds
of millions curicney ail under the control of one
man ? If money is power—and I think most men
believe it is—then here is power such as never yet
existed on earth, except in the busy imagination.
1 ii this vision of monetary powei, let some man
appear at tin* head of atTans sufficiently able and
wicked to direct skillfully this vast machinery
with a view to control elections; what would be
the cons'querice ? Is not the answer appaient?
Is it neccssaiy to go further and consider exactly
how he would pull the wires upon these millions
of banks, and how with untold*, fabulous sums of
money,and the thousand insidious influences that
money can command, the election would becon-
trolh d ? And at last, when it was appaient that
the foundations of fiee government weie being
uudeinuned and destroyed by this stealthy, irre-
sistible, and ungovernable monster of our own
cieat ion, let some enthusiastic, seif-sacrificing pa-
triot, with courage enough to speak out, call for
a Jackson to overthrow it, and let a greater than
Jackson appear, and what could he do? I tell
you a whole army of Jacksous would be impo-
tent against such a system, if once advanced to
tiiat position pictured for it in the expanded im-
agination of its projector. It would be impervi-
ous to poli'ical attack, and would only fall with
its own unwieldy weight or for the want of sun
cient foundation.
