1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407 ■
(union berween contiactors and the employes of
the Government. The bids for this class were
Smith Brothers & Co.
Peter Townsend.
William fleushnw.
Oakman &fcldredge.
E. P. Dwiaht.
William Lang
N. W. Coffin.
W. B. Unwell.
E. K. Tiukei.
J. ft. l]fvan.-«.
Tilton,Whe«l\vriyl)t&. Uo.
enormously fraudulent, if possible, than these I
hnve read, but these must suffice, t might also
illustrate by reference to similar fraudulent bids
and contacts, based uppn the bids of H. D.
Stoon, H.J. Collins & Co.,C. N". Scofield & Co.,
J. L. Savoge & Co., ami other contractors, but
the facts in regard to those cases will bo suffi-
ciently explained, I apprehend, in the testimony
of Franklin W. Smith, of the'firm of Smith Broth-
ers &. Co., before n select committee of this body.
Mr. Smith describes, in his evidence, with great
particularity the mote in the eye of his brother
contractors, but faijs to remark upon the beam in
his own eye. 1 have attempted to supply the
omission.
Mr. President, I know no stronger .testimony
that could be afforded of tire demoralizing tend-
ency of the naval contract system than is exhib-
ited by the case 1 have presented. A mercantile
firm, professing to have a respectable standing
in the community where it does business, even
boasting of 'its reputation for commercial integ-
rity, resorts to the practice of fictitious bidding,
and resorts to it systematically. For the sake of
j securing a contract for lumber they propose to
deliver the best quality of pine shingles at $1 per
thousand, and white pine boards St $40. per tbou-
| sand; No. 2 three-inch white pine plank for $5.
' and No. 2 two-inch white pine plank for §30 per
thousand. For the sake of securing a contract
for lead they agree to furnish 5,000 pounds of pig
lead at J cent per pound, and 15,000 pounds of
shotlead at 15 cents per pound, when the currcnt
market prfee was 8J cents, of which hitter kind
of lead they deliver 30,000 pounds,and tendered
to the Government and tried to force the De-
partment to accept upon this latter bid 186,000
pounds at 15 cents per pound. When, 1 say,
this firm had reduced fictitious bidding to a science,
and had reaped the present personal advantages
resulting from it, v?hen required by the chief"of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks to make deliv-
eries upon their fictitious'bids at once decline to
do so, deny the power of the Depaitment to en-
force such deliveries, and become indignantly vir-
tuous on the subject of naval contracts.
11 is not an agreeable duty, Mr. President, to
On the 9th of October, 1862, Smith Brothers
& Co. entered into contract with the Bureau of i , - , ,, , . ,
Yards and Docks for the supply of pig iron for u of imX °nc as 1 am to speak of
the Boston yard. Their bid ami deliveries were " "UR whp" """" I,nwn
as follows:
The aveia^e eost to Government of the iron de-
livered was thirty dollars per ton, worth in the
market about twenty dollars, being; an excess of
ton dollars per toi%on one hundred and sixteen
tons or a ch'ai pioiit over ami above the market
puce of $1,160.
I might illustrate by many other contracts made
with this firm of Smith Brothers & Co., more
this firm. Cut when men sit down and, accord
ing to their own admissions, make nice mathe-
motical calculations to determine how they can
j' excel their neighbors in their efforts to defraud
jj the Government, and, when detected and rebuked
j by the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Ducks
j; for their conduct, are swift to hear testimony
tj against their associates in fiauds, and begin to
ji prate of their own patriotism and honesty, and to
ji declare in their publications that " at a time when
j! our Government is engaged tn an exhaustive
h struggle for life" they "have been compelled as
{[ citizens to urge its protection against unfaithful-
ji ness in its service and fraud by those enjoying its
[' patronage," it has seemed to me that they should
-j, be held up to the reprehension of honest men.
ji Why did they not come to Congress and expose
i[ the frauds? Why did they not 44 cry aloud and
:! spare not" until the evil complained of was cor-
reeled > Did they ever addiess the Department'
or Congress on this subject'' Did they suppose
we would beindiiferenttothisgreatwrong? Was
j1 it necessary to the public interests or to theirown
jj reputations that they should be partakers in the
\\ wickedness arid enjoy its gains?
! So much, Mi. President, of the system of fief i-
! tious*bidding of winch Smith Brothers &.Co., of
| Boston, have been the great apostles.
11 The last Congress sought to ameliorate some
j! of the evils existing in the naval contract sys-
ji tem by declaring in the act of March 3. Ib63,
""that every coniractshall require the delivery of
a specified quantity, and no bids having nominal
or fictitious prices shall be considered." But the
effort was futile. The great fundamental evil lies
m the civil administration of the supply system
and the method of making appointments m the
yards, without any responsibility, military or
otherwise, on the part of the employe. You may
denounce as much as you please the fraudulent
transactions occurring at all of our yards, but
you will accomplish nothing until you create a
responsibility on the part of every man in your
service that shall be speedy, efficient, severe.
^Notwithstanding the efforts of the Navy De-
j partmcnt to secure frtll estimates of the probable
j wants of the service during the nextensuing fiscal'
| year, and to advertise for the supplies that will
! thus be needed, a large part of the naval supplies
| for the Bureansof Yards and Docks, Engineering;",1
Construction and Equipment, tire bought in open
market without advertisement and at private-sate,
by the respective Navy agents. Especially lias
this been the casesince the commencement of this"
war, for the demand has been such, arising from
the exigencies of the public service, as no human
foresight could foretell.. In order to throw some
restraint around and some check upon the Navy
agents who were to exercise this great power of
purchasing large values of property, without pub-
lic notice and of whomsoever they pleased, the
Department issued the following order in 1855,
which is unrevoked and stands as a departmental
regulation to-day:
[Circular.]
IJureau Yards and Docks,
December ~9, 1855.
Sir: I am duected by the Secretary of the fcfavyio issue
tins cuculat which supersedes that of the 8th of June last,
ahd which by bus older is to applv 10 all the bureaus of the
Navy Depmtment.
When articles are required for one of th* bureaus of this
Depaitment which are not embraced in eontiacts with that
bureau, or which are to b? piocured by open purchase, the
Navy agent will ascertain in wilting from the coutiactor*
with all thebmftaus dealing in the kind of articles i pquired,
or from their agenN, if any near the place of delivery, the
prices at which tney will re&pecuveiy'dcjiver the articles
reqmied.
Me Will Ji!to.t=certnin from at least two other parties deal-
ing in Mich article?, including the one, if any, named mthe
requisition, the puces at which they wjii deliver them as
lcquiM'd. Ail the pmtie* nod their pticcs are to be noted
on the back of the requisition, and the puieha&e made from
the lowest bidder, -uh)cet to the u unl inf-pection.
The commandant will Kike care not to approve rcqui-
fitions toi article* to be procured "by open purchase when
hinulai articles und<*r euntiael or in store can be made to
answer the purpose ot tho->e I'Hjnneii.
When open pun. Is.w - ate. iudi-pftn^able, let at le; -t a
month\ -upplj be included in one requisition, unless other-
wise specially directed In either bureau.
When the price* are the same, the comiactoi^ are always
to hnvo thepje/ctene".
A billot tSie articles purchased, with the co-n price o^
each, must in all ease? accompany the goods when delivered.
Itespeetfuify, your obedient seivant.
JOSEPH SMITH,
C. Su'ac|Uampk, Esq., Naiy Agent. New Yoih.
At the time this circular was issued, honest ,
contractors had not been driven entirely away
from the competition sought by the Government*
and fictitious bidding had not been reduced to
science. If the instructions contained in it were
obeyed, if the Navy agents would "ascertain in
writing fiom the contractors with the bureaus
dealing in the kind ot articles required, or from
their agents, if any near the placc of delivery,
the prices at which they will respectively furnish
the articles required," and if they would <{atso
a&ccrtnin from ot least two other parties dealing
in fcuch articles, including the one, if any, named
in the requisition, the prices at which they will
deliver them as required, all the parties and their
prices noted on the back of the requisition, and
the purchase made from the lowest bidder, sub-
i ject to the usual inspection," the interests of the
! Government would be measurably protected.
| But the Navy agents either wholly neglect to obey
j or they evade the regulation, and how can obe-
f dience be enforced? In no manner that 1 am
j aware of.
j Let me illustrate the method in v-#iich these
open purchases are made: if an additional quan-
tity of iron, steel, coi dage, or any other article not
provided for by contract, is wanted, a report is
made by the storekeeper of the yard to the Navy
agent, with an indorsement thereon of the com-
mandant of the yard, who accepts the statement
of the storekeeper as facts. The Navy r*g ut
thereupon issues a requisition or Older directing
the poison to whom it is sent, and he directs it to
be sent to whomsoever he pleases, to purchase
and deliver the articles named m the requisition
at the navy-yard, subject to inspection there.
The articles thus delivered at the yard are in-
spected by some one of the employes, who is
usually an instrument of the contractor and Navy -
agen-t; the contractor then presents his biffs in
triplicate, which, being approved by the com-
mandant on the strength of*the inspection certifi-
cate, are paid by the Navy agent.
It should be borne in mind, too, that these re-
quisitions are not directed tc^ dealers in the articles
