1432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Experience has shown often dining this war
that nii'iusuies ur^od as of the ucmost' immediate
importance, wero not only unnecessary, but of
the moht mischi ,'vousand alarming character. Of
all the measures urged upon Congress as indis-
pensable to the salvation of the country, none
came heralded with more pompous demands for
oursuppnt than the odious, unnecessary, and
oppressive conscription bill of the last session.
It was proclaimed to the world and announced'to
\his House that it had passed the Semite without
an opposing vote, and that whoever opposed it
here would be considered little better than a trai-
tor to hm country. And ;t was mainiy because
of this offensive demand made upon members for
the support of the measure that ] felt bound, al-
though just up from a severe sickness, to state,
as I did upon this floor, some of my objections to
it. As was anticipated by many of us, it turned
out a practical failure, and was productive of the
most alarming consequences.
Tile present bii! is not less dangerous to the
permanent piospenfy of free government than
was that to ihe peaee and good order of society.
They are bnth calculated to subvert the liberties
of the people and centralize,power ill the General
Government at the expense of the reserved rights
of ilie Slu< s and the people. And both alike,
having failed to answer the expectations of their
supporters, are sought to be bolstered up and per-
petiwti d by alterations and amendments which
do not change their character or obviate the most
. substimuai and important objections to their pro-
visions.
if this measure could be carried into success-
ful operation, and the £,300,000,000 currency pro-
posed be substituted for the same amountof legal
tendei, it is difficult to understand how the Treas-
ury would experience great relief after paying
interest on the money thus withdrawnand which
it now has without interest, in addition to the
very considerable expenses of the new system,
and the cost and inconvenience of the change.
Section niie of the bil! nrovides for the appoint-
ment of a Compttoiier, &c., as follows:
(Ic ^ 1J• 11! In* app-mii< <i hy ill1' n'. on lh< rocom
mriuiains.i ni i!jr nr oi 11h' Tummiiy, by ami with
the adv ice and < mi •( tit <>i the Senate, and -hall hold hi*,
office l(,i the f'MU <>i tivr ye.es unless sooner lemoved hy
the 1'te - ..i'Mit. ! v ,iml will) i h" udviei' ami consent oi tile
Senas-'. [I • -h,ifl iirnve ,in anniui saLuv "I uo(). Ho
t-liali iuv • a < on;i. lent d< pu' \, appointed hy the S<vietary,
Wlio-e "-alaiv .ii.ill h<" £ and \\ln> po^->i ^ llie
povwr an.l pet |.>nn the dimes art allied hy law to the ofliee
oi' Coiiip'toUe! dm i ui£ a \ acanev in -audi oilier and dm mil
Iih uhheiK't t>i oiab.liu. U'' -ii.ill enij>lo\ !t oin I iiiw to tune
the U'V'h -ai \ < ! •' ! s to di diali/r --m-h dutii'- a< in' «hall
direct. wli.eh 1 iei.'c- --li til In* appointed and ( 1 .ism lied hy the
Secretiny ol the TicaMiiy in the mantiet now jnovided by
law.
Titus at the ouNet we have a p-,i manent officer
with a salary of ^>5,000 per annum, another at
$2,500, and a small urmv of clerks, unlimited m
number, in addition to the expenses nf providing
the hitbj for circulation and divers other things,
all to be'paid by tho Government.
If, however, it is supposed to be ;i sufficient an-
swer U> this apparent expense and loss to the Gov-
ernment to  ay that it is not for one unacquainted
with the intiu-acies nnd mysteries of finance to
question the wisdom of supeiior knowledge, that
will scarcely be accpted as a sufficient answer to
important constitutional objections and the im-
policy and unsafety of placing ail the banks and
the entne banking capital of the country under
the control of the executive depaitment of the
General Government or one of its branches.
It is m>t denied thut it is the inevitable conse-
quence oi tins system, if successful, to compel all
the State banks to suspend business as such, and
come under the new arrangement, or give place
to such ns vvili. Slate banks are older than the
GoV' foment itself. They have not only been ac- ii
ceptni and regarded as lawful State institutions jj
by the authors and contemporaneous expounders
of the Constitution, but have been repeatedly de- j,
cid"d to be so by the Supreme Court of theUni- j
ted States. j]
The great Stiiic of New York, the Empire State ji
of tlva Ui'ion, and the district I represent, are '
largely iau rented in this question. We have many
banks, founded upon a system which hasseivedas
a m^del fertile one no w under consideration. They
have fin n:siied us a safe ond convenient currency.
Our people have conihience in them, so much so
ihul t'o y greatly prefer them to the national cur-
rency. They pay a very large proportion of our
texes; and we cannot understand what authority
the Geneial Government has* either by a sudden
blow or a lingering toituie, to destroy such valu-
able State institutions and substitute others, creat-
ures of the national Government, and substan-
tially exempted from local taxation. About one
tenth of the entire taxable property of the State
of New York is in the State banks, and in many
localities a much larger proportion. Suppose this
system to be perfected, and that amount of prop-
erty relieved fiom local taxation; how are the
other tax-payers to make up the deficiency in
these times of alarming expenditure? And if
lawful State institutions of such magnitude and
importance to the States and the people can be
directly or indirectly stricken down by Federal
legislation, what safety is there for any local or
individual right?
And again, perfect your system; let capital-
ists invest m these banks; establish a privileged
class of moneyed men in every vicinity exempted
from local taxation- as taxes increase and be-
come more and mine onerous, a feeling of dissat-
isfaction, discontent, and ill-will toward the class
supposed to be unfairly protected from taxation
will grow up among tho masses of the people,
likely to result in violence and blood, arson and an-
archy. There is not, it is true, in this bill any lan-
guage. which in terms disposes of the State banks.
It will be well remembered, however, that the bill
of the last Congress for which this is a substitute
was speedily followed by another aiming a death-
blow at the State banks by the way of taxation;
and if we may argue of the future by the past, we
have a right to presume this will be immediately
followed by another taxing the State banks to
such an extent that they cannot live as such.
In the Committee of the Whole on the 2d in-
stant the distinguished gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Henry Winter Davis] said:
" I confer ( foie^ee a seiiou.-> f-ti tipple to take place be-
tween tlx; hanks that we are providing lor and the existing
State oiyani/.Htion'-. It is impossible that the State insti-
tutions can he allowed to stand Mde by side with those
we aie about to cieate. It i.  plain that eitin r m this bill
oi in th'' ta x bill -uiindent ptovision^ wit! he adopted to drive
trom exigence the Slate mammons."
From this statement, made openly upon this
floor, and not denied or commented upon by the
friends of this measure, it seems to be generally
conceded, and unless it is now denied by those
who know, 1 shall assume that such is the case.
The clloius and the sacrifices of the State banks
to serve the Government in its Time of need, and
fhe fact that they have se v eral times, and us often
as called upon, come promptly to the relief of the
Government in its extremity, was reinatked upon
by my colleague [Mr. Brooks] the other day;
and I will not enlarge upon it now, except to say
riiaf in every instance when money has been
wanted to fill up the regiments and the quotas
sent from the district I have the honor to rep-
icseiit on this floor, our local banks, State insti-
tutions, have immediately and voluntarily fur-
nished all the money required for such purpose;
and under the last call some, if not all of them,
have done so to tho extent of nearly one fourth
of their entire capital.
And it would seem that, aside from the fact
that Congress has no constitutional right or au-
thoiity to inteifeie with and destroy lawful State
institutions, it is a poor return for such patriotic
devotion and the most important services which
hnve, more than once, saved the very life of the
nation, to ptoceed deliberately and resolutely to
cunple and eventually destroy them; especially
when it is believed the Guvenimentcould provide
for its necessities even better by a continuation
of the legal-tender system at present in use, and
that there can be no necessity for tho proposed
change, except for the purpose of establishing a
pet system increasing executive patronage, and,
by bicaking down State institutions and weak-
ening the sovereignty of States in the manage-
ment and control of their internal and local alFairs,
make another grand stride in the direction of a
consolidated Government and the centralization of
power.
The old aigument m favor of a national bank,
that of giving a uniform currency, is urged now,
and yet it seems apparent that the legal tender
has advantages over the proposed system. It is
not to be supposed that all men will be able ta
manage the business of banking successfully; and
if not, then undoubtedly some of these banks will
soon be compelled to go into liquidation; and.
whenever that occurs, no one can doubt that the
delay in realizing, upon notes scattered, as they
will be if used as currency, all over the country,
will cause depreciation and distrust. Then, again,
bills redeemable at a distance, even if there is no
other objection to them, will pass, if at all, at a
discount. And instead of having a currency like
the present legal tender, good alike in all the
States, it will soon be found necessary to discrim-
inate between the payieg and the non-paying
banks, and between those bills redeemable near
at hand and at far-off places.
In support of the proposition that the banks of
this new creation will be entirely at the mercy of
the Treasury Department, and therefore to that
extent subject to its control and dictation, I de-
sire to call attention to the following sections of
the-bill.
Section twelve contains the following:
And the Comptroller shall have authority to withhold
from an association his certificate authorizing the com-
mencement of business, whenever he &hall have rea*on to
Mippo&e that the shareholders thereof have formed the same
for an> oilier than the legitimate objects contemplated by
this act.
Section thirteen, as follows:
Provided, That by no such reduction shall its capital be
brought below the amount of its outstanding circulation,
nor shall any such reduction be made until the amount of
the piopo*cd reduction has been reported to the Comp-
troller of the Cariency and his approval thereof obtained.
Section seventeen provides for examination,
report of directors, &c.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That if, upon a care-
ful examination of the faets so reported, and ot any other
facts whieii may come to the knowledge of the Comptrol-
ler, whether hy means of a special commission appointed
hy him for the purpose of inquiring into the condition of
such association or otherwise. It shall appear that such as-
sociation is lawfully entitled to commence the business of
banking, the Comptroller shall give to such association a
certificate, 8cc.
Two of these sections give a discretion to the
Comptroller or Secretary which is unlimited, and
may be exercised so as to prevent the organiza-
tion of any association not desired by the head of
the Department. And the other giv..s authority
to consent to or prevent the reduction of the cap-
ital.
Sec. 4'j. J3nd be it further enacted, That all associations
under this act, when designated for that purpose hy the
Secretary of the Treasury, shall be depositaries of public
money, except receipts Irom eu:>toms>. under s?ucii regula-
tions asi may be prescribed by the Secretary; and they may
ahn he employed as financial agents of the Government,
and they bhall perform ail Mich reasonable duties as de-
poMtancs of public mone>& and financial agents of the Gov-
ernment as may be required of them. And the Secretary
or the Treasury may requnc o( the associations thus desig-
nated satisfactory ^eeurit> by the deposit of United States
bonds lor the saie-keeptng and prompt payment of the pub-
lic money deposited with them, and for the faithful per-
toimancc of their duties as financial agents of the Govern-
ment.
Under this provision some can be benefited
and others punished by the favors which can be
extended to one and withheld from another, or
changed from one to another, in the discretion of
the Secretary. And any amoun t of deposits may
be removed from one locality to another at any
moment, thereby materially affecting the value of
stocks and other property in different localities, at
the mere will and pleasure of the head of the De-
partment. As the sub-Treasury system is not,
more than The State banks, directly attacked in
terms by this bill, it may be claimed that there is
no intention to interfere with it; yet it is difficult
to understand what is to prevent its being sub-
stantially abandoned under the provisions refeired
to. It is not my purpose to enter into a discis-
sion of the merits of that measure. It has been
tried and approved by the judgment of the coun-
try, and more than once indorsed by the people;
and no one recently, so far as I know, has ven-
tured to attack it openly. And it may not be amiss
simply to say that, m addition to its safety, it
would, if properly continued, prevent the mis-
chievous consequences anticipated from large
Government deposits with pet banks, and the
changes from bank to bank and from place to
place.
Sec. 54 And be it further enacted, That the Comptrol-
ler of the Cum ncy, with the approbation of the Wecictary
of the Tieasury, as otten a-> shall he deemed accessary or
proper, shall appoint a mitable person or pni-^ons to make
an examination of the affairs of every banking association,
