1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3385
nt the earliest moment before the Senate on ac-
count of the pressure of business.
Mr. CONNESS. It is hardly in accordance
with the rule adopted this evening—a very good
one—by the Chair to discuss all these questions,
and thus keep us until twelve o'clock before we
can come to a vote. I should like to make a
speech, but 1 cannot afford it, and do not think
the Senate can afford it.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to detain the Senate more than a very few-
minutes. I wish very briefly, as I intend to vote
against the third section of this bill, to assign ray
reasons for it.
I do not think there could be introduced into
the laws governing the military sen vice of the
country a section more disastrous to the service
than the one under consideration. I very fully
concur with Senators who have spoken against
that section. The section authorizes the Execu-
tive of any State in the Union to send agents into
any or all the States declared by proclamation of
the President to be in rebellion, and there to re-
cruit from white persons or black persons men
enough to fill their quota. In my judgment it is
manifestly wrong to allow any State in theUnion
to go into the rebellious districts for the purpose
of filling its quota. There is butone equitable and
just mode in which this thing should be done.
Each and every adhering State in the Union
should be required to fill the quota allotted to it
out of its own population, if you pass this sec-
tion the result will be that the men of the western
States, most of whom have filled their quotas
heretofore by volunteering, where no draft has
been executed, that are rich in men and patriot-
ism, but not so rich in money as other older States
of the Union, will be fighting the battles of the
country alongside of negroes that are purchased
by recruiting officers fiom the rich, wealthy
northern States, from the cotton, sugar, and rice
plantations of the Carolinas, and Louisiana, and
Mississippi. That is not right.
If we go into the rebellious States for the pur-
pose of enlisting men in the Army they should
be credited to the United States and to no par-
ticular State. It would be manifestly unjust that
they should be credited to any one State, for the
reason that many of the western and noithwest-
ern States have not got the money,even if they
chose to do it, to go down into that legion of
country and buy men by giving high bounties to
take the place of their own citizens. It would be
highly demoralizing, as has been fully stated by
the Senator from Iowa, the Senator from New
Jersey, and the Senator from Missouri.
The true and equitable principle, and the only
one that should obtain is, that on each call that
is made upon the people of the State, when a
proper and just allotment is made, each State
should furnish its number from the people that
are resident within that State. Massachusetts,
New York, or Connecticut should not be allowed
to go into any other State of the Union for the
purpose of filling up their quotas. The people
of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kentucky, Illinois,
or Indiana should not be allowed to go beyond
their borders to recruit soldiers to fill their quotas.
Each State out of its own population should fill
its quota. That is the only equitable mode in
which the burdens of this war can be equally
distributed among the people. Then, if you go
outside, m these rebellious districts, to recruit
one hundred thousand, or ten thousand or one
thousand or any other number of men, when you
come to make the next call you will want that
many less men, and consequently the draft will
fall lighter upon every State. If you obtain one
hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand men
in the lrbellious districts, when you come to make
your next call on the States you will want that
many less men from the States. Credit that two
hundred thousand 01 Whatever the number may
be that you enlist in the rebellious States, and
then make your call upon the States for the bal-
ance that you need, and then it will fall upon each
State equally and equitably. There cam be no
doubt that there is no equity m this proposition.
But, sir, if you allow the States that have great
wealth to send their enlisting officers and their
ten thousand agencies into tiie rebellious States
for the purpose of enlisting those persons you
will find thatevery description oi fraud and wrong
will be committed. You will by that means not
only get inferior soldiers, but there will be very
great prostitution in procuring them. "We all
know the kind of villainous frauds that have been
committed in the city of New York lately by this
description of agents. They seized men, drugged
them, made them drunk, and took them to the
recruiting stations for the sake of procuring high
bounties. Some of them were utterly unfit for
the military service. I saw it stated in the jour-
nals of that city that gray-headed men had their
hair dyed or painted to give them a youthful ap-
pearance, and they were taken into the service
and the bounties paid, and they would be utterly
worthless as soldiers, in my opinion, the same
sort of practices will be carried on under the third
section of this bill.
Sir, I do not believe that the negroes you will
obtain from the cotton, rice, and sugar planta-
tions of the South will be as good soldiers as the
white men of the North, the South, the East, or
the West. I am utterly opposed to a policy that
will allow a few of the wealthier States, in con-
sequence of their having money, to go there and
put that description of population into the Army
tor the purpose of filling up their quotas, when
the brave gallant West will have to give their
own sons to the strife. Sir, it is not right. If
you do that you will have an Army that will be
worthless. If I wanted to aid this rebellion I
would vote for that section, for by it you will get
a worthless Army. Who believes that these poor
degraded negroes would make soldiers equal to
the white men of New York, Massachusetts, In-
diana, or Illinois? No man believes it.
It will be seen that if you adopt this section,
and these States go down there with their money
bags to buy these people into the ranks in order
to take their own population outof the strife, you
will make the buidens fall harder upon those
States that fill their quotas by giving to the Army
their own children. Some of the rich States of
the North, instead of having their own sons in
the ranks, will have them filled up by these mis-
erable negroes, and they will be brought to fight
alongside of the gallant men of Illinois, Indiana,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kentucky, and other
western States. You may rest assured that the
regiments coming from*those rebellious States
would never be put in the front. They have al-
ways been keptback. Agood general never puts
a worthless soldier m the front when the enter-
prise is hazardous and desperate. No, sir; the
whole burdensofthissti ife will fall upon the flower
ofthe western youth. It will be so with the States
of Pennsylvania and New York and those States
that send their children into this war; they will
be slaughtered, while the sons of other States,
who fill their quotas with hired substitutes and
miserable negroes, will not be in the strife at all.
Sir, it is a monstrous proposition. It is one
calculated not only to weaken the Army and de-
stroy the efficiency of the military service, but it
is unequal, iniquitous, and unjust to the States.
In no aspect of the case can I be induced to vote
for any such proposition. It is not my purpose
to detain the Senate. I know it is getting late,
and I desire a vote on this question.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. Piesident, it is some
time since that I became somewhat sick of the
discussion involving the subject-matter now in
controversy. I cannot please myself with the
pleasant reflection that perchance i might be able
by such remaiks as I might address to this Sen-
ate to maintain any conclusion, no matter how
clearly in my own mind's eye that conclusion
was justified by the strictest rules of right or the
seveiest rules of logic. But, sir, as I have an of-
fice here lam not willing that grave matters shall
be gravely disposed of us it is supposed they will
be in a vrave Senate, unless, when I think them
utterly wiong, they have at least the protest of jj
my voice. j;
Mr. Piesident, power is exerciscd in multitu-
dinuus foims. Power is often expressed by the jj
term tyranny, where it is unjustly and wrong- [j
fully exercised by one or many as against the !j
multitude. Probably the highest and most par- ]■
ticular exercise of the powerofthe tyrant is where ;t
j he closes the portals of the mouth, where he shuts j!
j the ivory gates through which man communicates !>
' with his fellow-man; where, without the aid of '}
art, man mingling with his fellow-man, they learn ! I
from each other, and by mutual contact they be- :i
come wiser and better and stronger. Perhaps the ll
next exercise of tyranny is that when power is
exercised to prevent the" use of that great com-
munication between man and man which art fur-
nished to usin the fourteenth century and to which
we claim ourselves to be indebted for our modern
civilization—that we shall not print or write to
each other. But of all tyranny that tyranny is
the greatest, that tyranny is the most terrible,
that tyranny is the most fearful, that tyranny
which has more to do with trampling down men
and nations than any other, is the tyranny* of
force asserted in the name of liberty; where that
sacred name is invoked that it may command the
sword; where that name is invoked that it may
command legislation, and where it can control
men in the name of liberty.
In the history of nations there has been nothing
like such, legislation as we have had and as is
now proposed, this being part and parcel of the
whole. In the name of liberty we are wielding
a power to compel, subjugate, and destroy a race
of men. What does this third section mean?
And allow me to observe that I am opposed to
the section and its amendment. In the name of
liberty, it provides—
That it shall he lawful for the Executive of any of the
States to send reciuiting agents into any of the States de-
clared to he in rebellion to recruit volunteers under any
call under the provisions of this act, who shall be credited
to the State, and to the lespective subdivisions thereof
which may procure the enlistment.
What does that mean? The language might
be considered ambiguous out in the timber; it
might not be understood in the Caw nation; the
Sioux might not understand it; there might be
some doubt about it in the Territory of New Mex-
ico; but no man here can dare to say that he mis-
understands it. Translated into a more direct
vernacular it means simply this: any State may
send an agent into the States in rebellion and may
engage the negro population, and put them under
arms, and being placed under arms, that State
shall be credited with them. That is a simple
statement of the proposition, naked and bare, as
it was designed, as it cannot be disguised; and
the section does not even disguise it except as to
how the matter shall be credited. In the name
of liberty, then, by virtue of the power that we
possess as legislators, the President as the Ex-
ecutive, the Commander-in-Chief of our armies,
with generals, colonels, captains, lieutenants, and
corporals, Ohio men, Massachusetts men, New
Hampshire men, New York men, Pennsylvania
men, Illinois men—I will not say California men
because we have no occasion of the kind—are to
go and find in the South negro laborers in the
field to take the place of the men whose office it
is to fight the great battle of the North. Those
negro laborers are to be made the sacrifices. Is
it true that upon us sins have so accumulated
that wc have to find some special subjects for
sacrifice, that you are to make hecatombs of all
the negro population of the South by withdraw-
ing them from their present position and placing
them in the front of battle to maintain the liber-
ties won by our fathers in the noble fields of the
Revolution?
Mr. President, I must say to you and to all
Senators that this kind of legislation degrades the
great North. A better, nobler, braver race of men
never occupied a portion of the round world than
the people of the free States of this Republic.
They have upon a hundred battle-fields poured
out their blood like water. They will do it to-
morrow, when the drum sounds the call or the
bugle its notes; they will do it to-morrow a
mouth; they will do it to-morrow a year; for I
am one of those who hold that the Union must
be reestablished. I have always asserted and
shall always try to maintain it. But 1 say we de-
grade the dignity of those men to whom belongs
the business of war and battle by such a propo-
sition as this. The proud pine trees of Maine
will crouch their heads in shame, the tall trees
that grace the green hills of Vermont will bend
their heads to think that sons of theirs are not
able in an honorable, manly, self-relying fight to
maintain the integrity of the inheritance of their
fathers.
This may be called mere declamation; this
may be called valueless discourse. Underlying
all this common talk are sentiments that belong
to the groat heart of the nation. I think I am
somewhat akin to that great hearf, and as it pul-
sates I thinfcmy heait pulsates. 1 think this prop-
