1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6)
m SENATE.
Wednesday, April 6, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. J. J. Marke.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior. The Chair will also state that the
communication was received yesterday, but not
in season to present to the Senate without an in-
terruption of the ordinary business.
The communication was read, as follows:
Department or the Interior,
Washington, Jipril 5, 1864.
Sir : I have the honor to inform the Senate, in reply to
then resolution of tln-s date, that 1 am not aware, nor have
1 any tea-son to believe, that since the passage of a law
creating the officii of warden of the jail in the Di«ti ict of
Columbia, theie has been any neglect or refusal of the mar-
shal of the District to execute the laws of the District or
judgments of the court; but, on the contrary, I am appro
honvivtt that hie continuing, miicc the parage of said act,
to detain person* m the jail may be regarded as being with-
out sufficient authority of law.
I have the honor to bo, very respectfully, your obedient
eeivant, J. i\ USHER,
Secretary of the Intei ior.
Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, President of ike Senate.
Mr. HALE. Let it he on the table.
It was so oidcred.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILKINSON presented nine petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, praying for the amendment
of the act of Congress granting lands to that State
to aid in the constiuction of railroads, so as to
allow the building of a road from Winona, via
St. Peter or Mankato, to the Big Sioux river,
south of the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude;
which were rufened to the Committee on Public
Lands,
ltESOLUTIONS FROM CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CONNESS. I hold in my hand, sir, for
presentation, concurrent resolutions of the Legis-
Jatmeuf the Statu of California. They are some-
what rematkable, Mr. President, in charactcr, and
1 shall be pardoned for saying a very few words
upon then introduction.
These resolutions relate to the condition of the
country, and give expression to the position of
the people of California upon that gteLU subject.
They come, too, singularly, or with remarkable
coincidence, at a tune when tins body is engaged
in the consideiation of a subject of the greatest
importance that was ever considered by a delib-
erative body. I mean the amendmentto the Con-
stitution of the United States providing for the
expurgation from our political system of the poi-
son that has infected ir, providing for the abolition
of slavery.
These resolutions, I say, come at this time as
if by a remarkable coincidence, as if prepared by
the Almighty hand. They come from the farth-
est-oil State in the Union. They come from a
State that but recently was represented, at least
in this body, by hulling opinions upon the great
national question. Tluyexpiesas no mixed opin-
ions, but are in accord with the progress of the
time and the age we live in. I need not say, sir, that
they will be a sufficient explosion of my senti-
ments upon the great question before this body —
I mean the amendment of the national Constitu-
tion—and 1 indorse the sentiments and opinions
they contain. 1 now present them, and ask that
they be rend, and ordeied to be punted.
I lie Secietary lead the resolutions, as follows:
Assembly Concurrent Rctolutions, No. 13.
Resolved by the Jlssembhj, (tin; Senate concuirinp.) j.
I lint toe people ot the State of ('ulitornia are uneoinpro-
uiiMiigly hnal; and that we repudiate the political hcicsv
of Slate Mipjcniaev when brought in conflict with IVdenil
nuthonty, holding that each has its prupej -pherc ; but that
in aJi national afl.uis the Constitution, and the lawful (lie
United Slater made m pursuance theieof, are the supieme
Jaw of the land, and which no State, either by legislation '
judicial decision, or otherwise, can disobey, controvert or
evade, without violating this pre,\t fundamental principle
of ourGoveinment, lor the maintenance of winch the peo-
ple oftlus State ate prepared to die rather than suirendei.
"2. That the rebellion is a warot" thesoiiihem slave-own-
ing androcracy against the aemoeiacy of the nation, and is
a Glow sttuck against all tiee go\cimnent.
3. That w'f ii)<ior->r* all tno iiummu-m)| the Administra-
tion adopted foj the puipose <>! subdmnjj the pu:«em most
wicked rebellion ; and, fii^t, we indoisc the abolition of
slavery in the Di-tnet of Columbia; second, we indole
the act making i;ee fiom slavei\ all uuitot) belonging to
the United States ; thud, we indor-e the cmili^eation act;
tuurth, we mdor.-e the con^cuption law; fifth, we Indorse
the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus; sixth, we in-
dorse the enlistment of negro soldiers to fight in our na-
tional armies; seventh, we indorse the noble stand taken
by President Lincoln, that all who wear the uniform of the
Union shall leeeivrthesamepiotection; eighth, we indorse
the financial policy of the Government and the legal-tender
law as the great administrative measures for successfully
carrying on the wji against the rebellion, and which we
pledge ourselves to defend and uphold ; ninth, we ludoise
the policy of establishing unhtaiy governments m the le-
volted States, as necessary to enable the President to see
that the laws therein aie faithfully executed; tenth, we
indorse the act admitting Western Virginia into the Union.
4. That we indorse the pioclamatiou by the President of
the United States of January 1, 1863, declaring the slaves
m all the territory which it covers forever ft ee; and we hold
that its operation is not contingent upon the occupation of
any territory by the national arms, but that it is self-acting,
and gives to each slave a full and complete legal title to free-
dom, and wc will never consent that they shall, for any
puipose or for any end, be returned to their former condi-
tion of bondage; but we pledge ourselves to stand by and
biipport Picsulent Lmeuin in his noble deteimutation to
maintain the plighted faith of the nation inviolate, as ex-
pressed in his last message, when he says, " 1 shall not
attempt to retractor modity the emancipation proclamation,
nor shall I return to slavery any person who is free by the
terms of the proclamation, or by any act of Congiess."
5. That we indorse the plan of reconstruction as ^et forth
in the proclamation of the Piesident, and appended to his
last message ; first, because it f^tabhshes m the rebellious
States now under the national flag, or that may come under
it, a rallying point tor the oigamzation of all lo\al men ;
second, beeau-e it guards and piotects the emancipated
tlave against the possibility of reenslavenient; third, be-
cause it will enable the United Suites to practically guar-
anty to every State to which It applies a lepubhean form of
government, and to protect each of them against invasion ;
fouith, because it points out a mode by which the deluded
masses of the rebellious States may return to their alle-
giance with the restoration of all their right*, while it re-
serves the right to punish ihe guilty instigators and leaders
of the rebellion for the great crime they have committed ;
fifth, because it provides for the support and protection of
the treedmen of the rebellious temtoiy a* a condition pre-
cedent lor paidon and the lestoration of forloited rights;
sixth, because it presents a mode, by which the national
authority over eveiy loyal State government may be estab-
lished,and the State tho-restored to its place in the Union ;
and seventh,hecau-e it pieeludesthe po-sibihtvofany peace
which Mjallaeknowledgf Ihe existence or establishment of
Maveiy in any part of the lebellious territories covered by
the emancipation pioelamation,
6. That the proposition ot trie copperhead members of
Congress to send < niumis-aonois to Richmond to sue for
peace fiom aimed traitoi>, should eonMgn their names to
eternal int.um ; and lie who would ti eat with aimed treason
is himself a traitor, and deserves a tiaitoi's punishment.
California will accept no peace which is not based upon an
unconditional surrender
7. That we indorse their construction of the confisca-
tion l.ivv which has for as object the unconditional foileit-
ure of the piopeitv of the rebels; and our Senarois aie
heieby instiucted and oia Representatives in Congir*s re-
quested to utgc its adoption.
That we tender om valiant Aimyand Nav), dfTiecrs
and men, the heaitlelt thanks of the lo\al people of the
loyal Slhte of Caliloniia lor their glorious achievements,
lor ihe renown which they have given to the American
name; ,ind we guaiunty to thein that while they are fight-
ing oui bailies, tiaitoi^at home shall not be pennittcd to
deprive them of the least of then en il rights.
1). That the I'lesah nt's pun tarnation of pardon, a"? ap-
pended to hi- message, is limited to the people of the re-
bellious States, as therein specified, and has no applica-
tion either to prisoners of wai, oi to pei muis who ha\ c bi en
tued. convicted, and cent"need t>j th(> coint> ot the count!y.
10. That the haibaious neatiueiit of Union prisoners by
the i ebels is without a pai allel intheannaUof civilisation",
and should bung down upon (hein the execrations of the
whole ci\ ili/.ed woi Id ; and wc hail with delight the rccent
action of the Government in placing the whole phalanx of
rebel pusoners undei the juiisdicuon of General Huiler,
that gteat icbel-taniei, and w<- earnestly invoke such a sys-
tem of retaliation as. u ill lotce the haibaiisin of slaveiy to
yield to the humane rule- of civilized wailaie.
11. rii.it m Abraham Lincoln. Piesident of the United
State-, we ieeogni7.e puntyof lile, singlene-s of puipose,
tile fai seemg, conscientious-tafesinati^ the uncontpionns-
mg, unsullied patriot, the aim of whose lile i- the piescr
v.tiion ol the l.nion and the i< <<toi anon of peacc upon the
immutable ,uid eteiu.il Inundations ol fteedom. and fiee-
dom <ml\ ; that to his wi-dom. -leepiess watehuilne-s. un
-tlfi-h pairioii-m, pmmpt action, and determined will to
put-ue the I iglit and abandon ih" vvrone, the people of thc^e
United States aie indebted lor the pioud po-mon winch
they tin- day occupy on the gieat map of nation-; that
when wc consulei the tieiy oide.il thiough winch this man
ot the people has passed un-cathed and untainted, it is not
strange that public eoniidence in him should remain un-
vlmken; and that while we revere and honor other noble
patnot*. who have perloimed .-o well their scvcial parts in
tins great diainn, the people still look to Abiaham Lincoln
as the in-titniient selected by Piovidenee to lead their
country in safetv thiough nil its perils, and restore it ;igain
to a peace m which no element of di-eoid shall be found,
and that u-e do most heartily fa, or ha re- lection.
12. Resolved, That his Kxcelf/'ncy, the Governor, be re-
quested to transmit copies ofth<'-e icsolutions to the Pies-
ident of tiie United States, and to each of our Senators and
llepresentatives in Congiess.
The resolutions were laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
l>y Mr. McPherson, its Cleric, announced that
the House had passed a bill (No. 380) for the re-
lief of George W. Murray; in which the concur-
re nee of the Senate was lequested.
TRANSFERS FROM TIIE AEMY TO TIIE NAYY.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-<
'sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
218) to repeal a joint resolution therein named,
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate while I state in one word the purpose of
the bill which I have introduced, and then if any
Senator thinks it ought to be referred toa commit-
tee for further consideration, I shall interpose no
objection; but I think it is very important that it
be passed immediately, and I think there can be
a perfect comprehension of the subject that is in-
tended to be embraced in it, without any reference.
It will be remembered thatin the enrollment bill
.there are five sections that relate to the transfer of
seamen from the Army to the Navy, which passed,
I believe, by the unanimous vote of both bodies.
Duringthe pendency of that bill, and before it was
passed, a joint resolution was passed by Congress
on the same general subject, supposing that the
joint resolution would be aide to reach the Presi-
dent, and be approved before the enrollment bill
could reach him. They y/ere both, in fact, ap-
proved on the same day; but the joint resolution,
in some respects, conflicts with the enrollment bill,
and prevents its being carried into execution, the
result of which has been that not one seaman has
been transferred from the Army to theJNavy. The
purpose now is merely to repeal that joint resolu-
tion, and let the whole matter stand upon the law
as embraced within the enrollment bill, to which
I think there can be no objection on the part of
any one.
Mr. HALE. I do not know exactly what the
object sought to be atlained by this bill is; but I
want now simply to make a statement in regard
to this subject of procuring seamen. There does
not seem to be an entire uniformity of opinion at
the Navy Department upon the subject, i was
at the Depaitment not many days tigo, and the
Secietary made to me substantially the same state-
ment which he afterwards mode in a letter ad-
dressed to you, sir, as the President of ih«* body.
The next day—and all this occurred within ten
days past—as I was coming up to the Capitol, I
met a couple of gentlemen, members of the other
House, one of whom I supposed to he upon the
Naval Committee, but it turns out that he was
upon (he Ways and Means Committee, a mem-
ber fiom the State of Iowa; and I mentioned to
him this difficulty of the Secretary and expressed
a wish that some speedy action might be taken
by Congress in order to supply this deficiency.
This was Hon. Mr. Kasson. Mr. Kasson re-
ntal ked to me that he liad within a day or two
received an application fiom the Slate of Iowa for
pei mission to open a navai rendezvous in Iowa,
tind that he thought there might be a considerable
number of sailois recruited there; th t he sent it
to the Navy Department, and it was ref'ened to
the Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting—I be-
lieve that is the name of the bureau—of which a
Mr. Smith at present is the chief ad interim; and
that Mi. Smith, as chief of the Bureau of Recruit-
ing nnd Equipment, had written back woid to him
declining to give any such authority, and expiess-
ing the opinion that the Department would have
sailors enough under the lecent enactment of
Congress.
1 confess it was a matter of a good deal of sur-
prise to me to learn that such a letter had been
received by Mr. Kasson, and I addressed a note
to the Secretary of the Navy asking for a copy
of the correspondence. I received ananswerthat
the letter of Mr. Kasson making the application
had been returned to hitu, and they had not got
it; but the answer of the chief of the Buieau of
Kquipmentand Recruiting was sent, and was sub-
stantially what 1 have now stated it to be, declin-
ing to make any appointment of a rendezvous for
recruiting sailors in the West, and expressing the
opinion that under the existing legislation they
would have sailors enough.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot m
the chair.) is there any objection to the present
consideration of this bill? The Senator from
Iowa having jniiodnc-ed it has asked unanimous
consent for its present consideration, if no ob-
jection be interposed, it is before the Senate as
