1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in the land district known as the Humboldt dis-
trict in that State; and by an act of Congress the
salaries of the registers and receivera'throughout
that State were reduced to §500 per annum, so
that in land districts in that State where there is
a great deal of business, and where the business
is of the most important character, the salai ies of
these officers are rcdueed to $500 per annum, and
they received that in legal tender riutes which are
at an average of fifty per cent, discount in Cali-
fornia, making it impossible to fill these offices or
carr,y them on at all at present. On consulting
with the land department here, and the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, it was sug-
gested by that department that the best mode of
increasing the revenue of these officers, so that
they may be enabled to perform their duties, would
be by pioviding fees so that they should be paid
in proportion to the amount of labor performed,
and so also that their compensation should be
partly derived from the parties who litigate land
questions before them. Then it is further pro-
vided by an amendment of the committee, which
is entirely acccptable, that in no case shall the sal-
ary and fees of any register or receiver exceed
the sum of $3,000 per annum. The effect will be
that those who require a salary and must have it
will receive it, and in offices where there is little
work done they wiil get no increase at all.
Mr. WZLI?INSON. The argument of the
Senator applies to the cases in California; but
this bill is general, and applies all over the coun-
try. It applies to land offices in Minnesota.
Mr. CONNESS. Then let there be a proviso
that it shall apply only to the officers named in
the seventh section of the act.
Mr. WILKINSON. But I read in the seventh
section of the act that the fees arc doubled in the
States of California and Oregon nnd in the Terri-
tories of Washington, Nevada, Coioiado, Idaho,
New Mexico, and Anzona. The registers and
receivers receive now about fourteen dollars for
every entry under the homestead act, and it strikes
me that that is sufficient. I am not advised as to
whether the Commissioner of the Land Office ap-
proves of this provision or not.
Mr. CONNESS. The provision in the second
section is inserted upon his special recommenda-
tion. I suppose he found it to be necessary. It
wili also be seen that the proviso restricting the
entile allowance applies to all the States as well
as to those named in that section.
Mr. WILKINSON. If the Commissioner rec-
ommends it, I will not move to strike it out.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, was read the third tune, and passed.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Senate
postpone all prior orders and take up Senate bill
No. 12. It is a bill to which there can be no ob-
jection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 12) extending the time within
which the States and Territories may accept the
grant of lands made by the act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which nuiypiovide colleges for the
benefit of agnculturc and the mechanic arts,"ap-
proved July 2, 18G2.
It provides that any State or Territory may
aecept and shall be entitled to the benefits of the
act entitled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Tei ritories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the me-
chanic arts," approved July 2, 1862, by express-
ing its acceptance thereof as provided m that act,
within two years from the date of the approval
of this acl, subject, however, to the conditions
contained in that act.
Mr. WILLEY. I offur the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
be it further enacta!, That the benefit of the provis-
ion* of this act, and of the >atd act appioved Jul> <2, !<Sot3.
be, and the same are hoieby, extended to the State of Wij-t
YirmnJa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to beengi ossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ALBERT BROWN.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave of the Senate to intro-
duce a resolution which I will explain in a minute,
and ask its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims of the Senate
be authorized to hear and repoit upon tUe claim of Albeit
Brown now before e-aid committee.
The reason for this resolution is this: this claim
was presented to the Senate at the last session,
and referred to the Committee on Claims. They
repo ted unanimously in favor of it, and the Sen-
ate passed a bill for his relief unanimously; but it
failed to reach action in the House. It has been
referred again at this session to the Committee on
Claims of the Senate, but the committee feel em-
barrassed by the legislation of the last Congress,
and some of them think that such a resolution as
this is necessary to give them jurisdiction. That
is all.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. CLARK. I am asked by the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to make some little explana-
tion in regard to this resolution. At the last ses-
sion tins claim of Albert Brown was referred to
the Committee on Claims ofriiis body, and a re-
port was made upon it and the bill passed. I
think that the claim is founded upon a contract.
By a provision of the act approved on the 3d of
March last, all claims u foundedupon any law of
Congress, or upon any regulation of any Execu-
tive Department, or upon any contract, express
or implied, with the Government of the United
States shall, unless otherwise ordered by resolu-
tion," go to the Court of Claims. I had myself
doubts whether the simple order of reference of a
claim upon motion was such a resolution as this
statute contemplated; and I thought it desirable
that, if we considered this claim And reported upon
it, there should be an express resolution author-
izing us so to do, and 1 so stated to my colleague
who had introduced the claim of Mr. Brown. It
is to meet that objection that this resolution is
offered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall vote for this reso-
lution upon this construction. If the committee
shall find that the claim ought to go before the
Court of Claims, I think that report ought to be
made to the Senate, and the Senate ought to de-
cide upon it when it comes before them. I think
this claimant, with oil other claimants, should take
his chances before the court appointed by law to
examine such cases, if it properly belongs there.
I have no objection to the resolution with that con-
struction placed upon it; but I should object to it
if it is understood that the committee are to con-
sider and report upon it on its merits, without re-
gard to the question whether it should be exam-
ined by the Court of Claims or not.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose it wiil be perfectly
competent when a report shall be made on the case,
for any Senator to move to refer it to the Court of
Claims, if that should be thoughtdesirahle. That
has been the common piactice.
The resolution was adopted.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF MR. DATIS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
further morning business, if there be no objection
on the part of the Senate, the Chair will call up
the special order for one o'clock, being the un-
finished business of yesterday.
There being no objection, the Senate resumed
the consideiation of the following resolution, sub-
mitted by Mr. Wilson on the 8th instant:
Wheiea^lIon.GARUi-.TTUAVis^aSriiator fioin the State
of Kentucky did, oi\ the 5th dayot Jnmiaiy, A. 1) i8t>4. m-
tioduce into the donate ol ihr United 8 tales a setie- of rep-
letion- iii wliieh. anions other tilings, it i^ declared that
"ilu1 p"0[il • Nutiti ouaht to n-vi'lt auaiM'-ttlii'ii wai leader,
:md take tiii-i <rie;ti math r into their own hand-.'1 thereby
meanimr to meite the people of th«' United Sates to revolt
against the rieMilent of the United titates and thcfc-c tn uu-
thouty who support linn in the prosecution oi the wai to
pic?t:ive. protect, and defend the Constitution and the
Union, and to take the prosecution of the war into their
own lunula: Thetefoie,
Be it re^olrrtl, Thin the *aid (xaurf.tt Dtvis hap, bv the
intioihiction of the lei-ohifion^ aforesaid, ben guilty of ad~
| Wtine the people ol I he United ^tate< to ti ea-onable, m-
1 fsuuectioii.uy, and lubelliou • action ag;onc t th" Government
: of the United State-, and of u ero-j- vioiauon of the puvi-
; of tin; Senate ; nil wiueh e.ui e>- h--is hereby expelled,
i The pending question being on the amendment
' proposed by Mr. tlowARD, to strike out the wotd
I "expelled," and insoit, m iieu theieofthe words
j "censuied by the Sen.it'1.11
| Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a very few
words upon that resolution, but if any other Sen-
ator desires to address the Senate upon the sub*
ject, I yield to him for that purpose, as I desire,
to close the debate.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I did not pro-
pose to enter into this debate, nor do I now pror
pose to do so at any length; but after the course
of thediscussion, and after the expression that has
been made by the Senators around me, perhaps I
shall be pardoned by the Senator from Massachu-
setts ana the Senate if I allude to the condition of
the debate and make some remarks in regard to it,
and in regard to what, as I think, is the proper
disposition which should be made of the matter
before the Senate.
These resolutions of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, as has been said, are certainly very intem-
perate in language. They are, as 1 think, erro-
neous in statement. I may say that I think they
might be calculated, if they*were not intended—
I do not think they were intended, because I am
bound now not to think so, as the Senator from
Kentucky has made a disclaimer that they were
so intended; but they might be calculated-*-*# lead
to the consequences which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts seems to have feared: that they were
calculated to incite insurrection. If the Senator
from Massachusetts believed them to be so calcu*
lated, 1 think he was entirely justified in introdu-
cing the resolution of expulsion; for I think tofegre
is no Senator who would desire to sit here 'with
another Senator, or would desire a-Senator to be
a member of this body, who would attempt to in-
cite a portion of the loyal people to insurrection
against the Government, however much he might
condemn that Government; and I think any Sen-
ator would be justified in introducing a resolution
for the expulsion of such a Senator.
And here I desire to say a word in answer to
an allusion that has been made once or twice, I
think once certainly, by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] in regard to what was said
here months ago in their places by the seceding
Senators, by the rebelling Senators, if I may so
say, and what we bore from them when they were
members of the Senate, without a movement for
their expulsion. There were a great many things
said then by the Senators on the other side which
showed a determined purpose to break up the Gov-
ernment; yet we made no motion to expel them.
Why ? Because we knew that we were perfectly
powerless, and in their control. They were hold-
ing their seats hero; they gave their votes; and if
we made any motion to expel any of them, the rest
would all combine against it, and we had no power
in the world to expel them. But the moment we
arrived at that condition of things that gave us
the power, when they had vacated their seats, and
we had the votes, then the record shows that we
expelled them for those rebellious utterances, and
for that rebellious conduct. We should probably
desire to do it now.
I have the good opinion of the Senator from
Kentuckv to believe that he is so sincere th at if
he believed this Government was so bad that the
people ought to revolt against it, or if he was in
sympathy with the rebellion, he would vacate his
seat, and go to that rebellion. Therefore I say
that these resolutions being introduced here, and
the Senator from Kentucky having disclaimed
any insurrectionary intention—if I may use the
expression—and havi ng stated that they were sim-
ply to advise the people to a certain course of con-
duct which might be proper under the law; if
that is his intention, as I understand him to say
now, then I think we are bound to accept that in-
terpretation given to the resolutions.
Those who put the harshest construction upon
these resolutions would say that, perhaps, they
were ambiguous; that they were capable of dif-
ferent interpretations. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts puts upon them the interpretation that
the Senator from Kentucky meant to incite the
people to actual hostilities. Some other gentle-
men think he did not mean that; that he simply
meant to advise the people to oppose the Admin-
istration of the Government, and take the Gov-
ernment into their own hands by their vn ■ >. K
that was what he meant, that is perhaps I gin-
matt;; but if the other was what he m *ant,as the
Senator from Massachuseitssupposes, then 1 say
the Senator from Massachusetts was justified in
bringing in this resolution. But after ii is brought
in, I understand the Senator from Kentucky to
