1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
338't
Senate bill on this subject precisely as it passed
the Senate before.
Mr. POMEROY. I think that is the best
thing we can do.
Mr. WADE. So do I.
Mr. SPRAGrUE. 1 hope that course will be
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I ask leave to offer an
amendment as a substitute for theeighth section.
It is to perfect that section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole of the House
]>ill has just been stricken o,ut.
'* Mr. TEN EYCK. Then I will offer it as an
additional section to the substitute which has
been adopted. Senators will see the propriety
of it on hearing it. It is to insert as an additional
section:
And be it further cnacted, That all enlistments that have
been made mt<) the naval service or niHiine corp? of the
United States, Mnce the passage of the act entitled "An
act to amend an act entu'ed 'An act (or em oiling and call-
ing out the national foico^and for other puipo«es^approvod
Man h 3, 181)3,' *' nppioved Febiuary 24. 1864, and which
shall heiv.mer be made into the naval service or maime
cotp<, shall he allowed and credited to the appropiiate
tovviuslnp, precinct, or district, on account of winch such
enlistments have been or may be made, in the <uine man-
ner as enlistments foi the Ainiy are allowed and credited
to the <-eveial towiudnps, precinets, or districts.
Mr. GRIMES. I think this amendment is
right. It only carries into effect one of the pro-
visions of the enrollment law passed at the com-
mencement of this session, and which, in conse-
quence of some defective wording, has not been
executed_, and it only applies to the enlistments
made into the service since the commencement of
the present session of Congress.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It puts these enlistments in
the marine corps and naval service exactly on the
same footing as enlistments in the Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the purpose of send-
ing my amendment to the House of Representa-
tives, or to the committee of confeience on this
bill, I will again move the amendment that I of-
fered a short time since, stt iking out " ten " and
inserting ** five,"so as to impose a tax of five per
cent. It will then read;
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That tor the purpose
of pa} m<r the bounties and of enforcing the draft provided
loi m thi-. act there be levied and collected, in addition to
the duties imposed by law, a special duty of five per cent,
on all incomes exceeding $600 accruing during the jear
liflM, which duty shall be a&sessed and collected m the
mode and aceouiing to the provisions, penalties, and re-
^tnctfoi^ pi ovided in the act approved . entitled "An
act to ptnvide infernal levcnue to support the Government,
to pay inteiest on the public debt, and lor otherpmposes"
And thi> duty Mull be pavable on the Ibt day of October
next, and the Seeietary of the Treasuiy authorized to
ptefrcube '-uch iiile^ and regulations .is to the time and
mode, of af&e&sineiit as will socuie the collection of this
special iix.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 7; as follows:
YE —"\Iet-tv. Anthony, Brown, Chandler.Claik, Con-
ne>i, Doolittle, Foot. Fo-ser,Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Howe,
Lane oi jhuhana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Pomerov, Ram-
sey, ttbemian. f5pia<iiK', i^ujoncr, Ten 13yek, Wade, Wil-
kinson, Wiliey, .ukMViI-oh—2.">.
NAYS — Mosms.. Buckahnv. Davis, Harris, Hendricks,
McOoujmJI, Powell, aiu! Kiddie—7.
ABSENT — M"-.-rs. Caihie, C<>!lainet. Cowan, Di\on,
Fe^mden, Hardin*:. Henderson, Hicks, Ho waul. Johnson,
Moniil, IS'e-nmh, Uiehatd^on, tfaulsbiuy, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, and Wngiit—17.
So th* amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to make a slight amendment in
the substitute that has been adopted forthe House
bill. We have adopted an amendment to-night
alio wing the Department to diaft for one hundred
per cent, more than they desired. The substitute
only allows them to draft fifty per cent, addi-
tional. I want to change thatto one hundred per
cent, in accordance with the vote already given
by the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. There will be no objection to
that.
Mr. "WILSON. If there is no objection I will
move to change the woid " fifty" in the second
section to " one hundred;" so that it will read:
And Mi.ill make a diaft <>f the required number and one
hundred per rent, in addition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made, if thetc be no objection.
Mr. POWELL. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That no officers or persons
engaged m the military service of the United States shall
enlist, recruit, or mu&ter into the military service of the
United States any petson m any State of the United States
to fill the quota of any State m winch the person so en-
listed, lecriutcd, or musteied into the service of the United
States doed not reside. Any recruiting or military otiiepr
who shall violate this j-scction shall be dismissed the service
of the United States with forfeiture of all pay and allow-
ance^, and shall be subject to &uch fuither punishment as
a court-martial may direet.
The sole object af the amendment is to require
these recruiting officers to recruit from their own
people to fill their quotas. I know that recruit-
ing officers have gone from some of the northern
States into the West and there recruited the citi-
zens of the West for the purpose of filling their
quotas. They offered high bounties in the North.
1 remember that when Indiana had filled her quota
by volunteering these personsappcaied there from
the North offering high bounties. They also ap-
pealed in the State of Illinois. The Governor
arrested one or more of them and ordered them
out of the State. Some of them have been in my
State; and I daresay they have been in the States
further west. This amendment but carries out
the principle that each State must fill its quota
from its own people. Itonly has reference to the
quotas of the States. Of course it has nothing to
do with enlisting for the regular Army. That
they can do every where all over the country. The
amendment is certainly proper. The latter por-
tion of it imposes a penalty on those who violate
it, that they shall be dismissed from the service
and ipceive such further punishment as a court-
martial may inflict.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator from
Kentucky that his amendment goes a little too far
in one particular. It would not allow the enlist-
ment of those persons who have not any partic-
ular residence in any State, and a good many
such people have been obtained.
Mr. POWELL. I think not. That was not
my intention.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose it was not his inten-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. If the Senator will suggest
any modification that will cover those cases 1 will
accept it with pleasure; but I do not think the
amendment is liable to that objection. I suggest
to the Senator, however, that the objection could
be obviated by inserting the words " or any res-
ident of any State." Jf a man is going about
loose in the world you can take him anywhere.
My only object is to protect the people of my
State, of the West, and every State in the Union
from the cncioachments of high bounties from
other States. I desire Kentucky m this war to
furnish her full quota from her own people. I
do not want her to go elsewhere, or other people
to come there. I desire the amendment for our
neighboring western States and for all the States.
Mr. ANTHONY. If I understand the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, the State
laws aheady afford sufficient protection against
that.
Mr.POWELL. Notatall, sir. There are no
State laws on the subject in many of the States.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is in the power of any
1 Slate to pass taws to prevent recruiting for other
| States within their borders.
1 Mr. PO W ELL. Rut the Legislatures of many
i of the States are not m session. The Governor
I of Kentucky not long ago ordered one of these
j: agents out of the State, and Governor Morton of
!: Indiana and Governor Yates of Illinois have done
'! the same thing; but still they go about there and
i; try to buy up the people.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand it is in the
j power of any State to prevent the very thing
! which the Senator from Kentucky seeks to pro-
' vide against hv this amendment.
I Mr. HEND"RIC K S. But the Legislatures are
ij not in session.
!, Mr. ANTHONY. It seems to me it is useless
K for us to legislate to piotect States when they
have ample power to protect themselves,
i Mr, POWELL. I will say to the Senator it
i is our duty to punish the officers of the Army of
j the United States who violate a S<.ate law, if there
is one; and this amendment does that.
I Mr. ANTHONY. Provided it is against the
! State law.
Mr. POWELL. No, sir; It punishes any per-
son who does this; but in some States there are
no laws against this recruiting.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I understand if it is
convenient for the authorities of Kentucky to re-
ciuit within the State of Tennessee and the gov-
ernment of Tennessee is willing that they shall
do it, they are prohibited from doing it by this
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. It only applies to States not
declared in rebellion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then if the authorities of
Connecticut choose to recruit within the State of
Rhode Island and the State of Rhode Island is
willing they should do it, I understand this
amendment prohibits them from doing it.
Mr. POWELL. I do not believe Rljode Isl-
and would be willing to allow any such thing.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well. Rhode Island
will protect herself, and will not ask the General
Government to do it.
■ Mr. POWELL. Has not Rhode Island Pent
out agents to recruit in other States?
Mr. ANTHONY. Not where she was for-
bidden by the laws of those States from doing it.
Mr. POWELL. Connecticut has, I know,
sent agents to Indiana.
Mr. WILSON. To carry out the Senator's
idea, suppose a citizen of Rhode Island goes into
Connecticut and offers to en list there, what then?
Mr. POWELL. My amendment will not af-
fect him. It says he must be recruited in the
State. It does not affect him at all if he goes
into another State and offers to enlist.
Mr. BROWN. I believe the only object of of-
fering this amendment is for the purpose of letting
it go to the committee of conference that will
undoubtedly be appointed upon this bill. It is not
nccessary to perfect it here. The committee will
take it under advisement, and if they see fit to act
upon it they can do so. Let us then add on this
amendment if it is desirable and send it to the
committee along with the bill. In that way we may
get through with this thing and be done with it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Kentucky
propose to modify his amendment ?
Mr. POWELL. I will let it staryjas I offered
it, and adopt the suggestion of the Senator from
MisKouii, and let it go to the committec^of con-
ference.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. I hopeit will be adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I seeond the hope of the Sena-
tor from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and or-
dered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am very clearly of the opin-
ion that our work to-night will come to nothing.
I believe, after the many votes that have been
taken in the House of Representatives, that the
amendment that has been put upon this bill will
not be agreed to. I think sve have thrown away
our time this evening for nothing. There seems
to be a strong disposition here, however, to make
these amendments; they are on the bill. In my
judgment the House of Representatives will not
concur in them; but still the amendments are on
the bill; it will not do for us to kill it here; we
shall have to pass it, and let it go to the Blouse of
Representatives.
The bill was passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to the bill
(H. It. No. 527) making appropriations for sun-
dry civH expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1863, disagreed to
by the House of Representatives, and the amend-
ment of the House to the twenty-thiid amend-
ment of the Senate to the said bill; and,
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment*
to the taid bill disagreed to by Hie Houmj of Represent-
atives, di^-aqree to the amendment of the House to the
twenty-third amendment of the Senate thereto, and agree
to the conference asked by the Iloufc© on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
