1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1435
in Committee of the Whole, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I object to its consideration this
morning.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator will with-
draw his objection until I make a statement.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr.GRIMES. An erroneous impression might
perhaps be created by the remarks of the Senator
from New Hampshire without some explanation.
My collcaguc in the House of Representatives like-
wise told me that he had made an application to
have a naval rendezvous opened at Des Moines,
the capital of my State, one hundred and fifty
miles in the interior, where not only there are no
sailors but there are not even boatmen. They
might obtain landsmen by opening a recruiting
station there; buul do notsupposetwentysailors
could be obtained in the whole State of Iowa.
That is not the want of the Navy Department;
it is not a transfer of landsmen that is authorized
by either the enrollment law or the joint resolu-
tion; it is the transfer of seamen and ordinary
seamen, technical terms that apply to men who
have been in the naval service or who have been
mariners heretofore, and who have reached a cer-
tain degree of pioficiency.
The application of my colleague to have a re-
cruiting office opened there, and the denial of
Commander Smith who is in charge of the Bureau
ofEquipment and Recruiting, only applied, there-
fore, to the subject of procuring landsmen, for
nobody supposed they could get any sailors there.
Mr. WILSON. IIow many sailors are wanted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection has
been made to the present consideration of this
joint resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from my friend
who sits at my side [Mr. Foster] that the Senator
from New Hampshire has no right to object to
the consideration of this resolution, after having
gone on and debated it; but I shall not raise that
question. Thegentleman is charged with the con-
duct of naval affairs by the Senate, and if he
chooses to put the bill over, the responsibility is
on him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The debate
having proceeded so long without objection, the
Chair must, if that point is raised, hold that the
right to object was waived by the protected de-
bate which has taken place, and the bill is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massachu-
setts asked me what is the number of sailors that
will be required. I understand that they will re-
quire about twelve thousand sailors; that there are
now nearly forty vessels which are entirely pre-
pared for sea and only waiting for their crews, and
there are several thousand applications from men
jn the Army who desiie to be transfeired to the
Navy. The Vice Piesident informed me to-day
of some neighbors of his who have made appli-
cation within a day or two to him to he tians-
ferred. I had a letter a day or two ago from a
feiuleman who is going out in command of the
roquois, in which he said that a man who had
been for twenty-one years a seaman in men-of-
war was now in a New York cavalry regiment in
the city of Baltimore, utterly disqualified for the
performance of the duties of a cavalry soldier,
;)ut well qualified for duties on board a man-of-
war. One of Fariagut's gunner's mates, who
was on the Richmond at the taking of New Or-
leans, is also in that cavalry regiment, and has
applied to be transferred and wants to go on the
Iroquois. But as it now stands we cannot get
them transferred for two reasons: first, the joint
resolution declares that no man shall be trans-
ferred if it will reduce the complementof the com-
pany or the regiment below its legular comple-
ment; and second, it requires that the Secretary of
the Navy shall refund to the War Department the
amount of bounty that may have been received
by the recruit who seeks to be transferred, and
the Secretary of the Navy has no fund from
which thatmoneycan be paid. The whole thing
is provided for in the enrollment law satisfactorily
to all parties.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
will allow me to suggest that I have read in the
newspapers within a day or two what purported
to be an order from the War Department rescind-
ing previous orders that prevented the transfer
r
{)!
where the company would be reduced below a
certain number.
Mr. GRIMES. I know it.
Mr. CONNESS. Those orders are the law.
They cannot rescind the law by an order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have seen an order pub-
lished rescinding the old ordeis.
Mr. GRIMES. I have that order here in my
hand now, but it is in exact conflict with the law;
j and I do not think we ought to call on the Pro-
1 vost Marshal General to interfere with or set aside
a law of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By no means. I do not
think he has any right to issue such an order, if
that is so.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it to be in oppo-
sition to that act. I want to clear this thing up.
1 Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I introduced
the joint resolution which it is now proposed to
repeal. I did it to facilitate the transfer of sailors
to the Navy. A great deal of work preceded the
introduction of that resolution. It was difficult
to get the War Department to agree upon any
terms to the transfer of sailors in the Army to the
naval service. I succeeded finally in biinging
about a conference between the Secretaries of those
Departments. I stated, when the resolution was
introduced, that it was the joint product,.of the
heads of those Departments. It contained the
provision described by the Senator from Iowa,
namely; that no transfer should be made which
should reduce tho company or regiment below its
complement; and up to this time it has been en-
tirely ineffective in obtaining men for the Navy.
There are now not less than thirty ships waiting
men, and I cannot conceive why there should be
any objection to the repeal of that resolution,
which stands m the way of it. The needs of the
nation for seamen are great, very much greater
than for soldiers. The men desire to be trans-
ferred; and I believe all parties now agree that it
should be done without delay. I hope this bill
may be allowed to pass.
Mr. HALE. In justice to myself I desire to
say a single word.
When this bill was introduced I objected to its
consideration. The Senator from Iowa asked me
to withdraw it to enable him to make an expla-
nation, which I did, and then it was decided that
it was too late for me to make the objection. That
is the way it stands. I presume that is the strict
enforcement of the rule, but it is different from
what I had understood it to be.
In regard to this matter, let me say that I think
ordinarily the most correct mode for the Depart-
ment would be to make their wishes known
thiough the regular channels of communication;
but if they see fit to adopt a different course it is
not forme to find fault. The resolution now pro-
posed to be repealed, I believe, was passed with-
out being refeired to the Naval Committee,and I
do not know that it was referred to any committee.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. HALE. When I saw thiscommunication
of the Secretary, made to the Vice President, I
called upon the Secretary at that time, although
it was not made to the Naval Committee. We
had previously received a communication from
the Secretary of the Navy, in which he informed
us that theie was a pending amendment in the
. House that he thought would answer all thepur-
i pose. When this letter was published I called
j upon the Secretary, and I told him, if there was
; any communication, or any suggestion,'or any
1 measure lie wanted, if he would communicate it,
| he should have my ready and earnest cooperation
i in producing the legislation which he desired to
j effect this purpose. He expressed himselfunable
n then to say what he did want. It was on that
" day or the next, on coming to the Capitol, that
I had the conversation that has been referred to
with Hon. Mr. Kasson. The letter from Mr.
Smith, which X now have in my hands, is as fol-
lows:
Navy Department,
Bureau of Equipment and Hecruitino,
Washinotox, D- 0., March 1861.
Bin: Tit reply to the inclosed letter fiorn Mr. Jacks, f am
directed to « ay that the Navy does not commi<M<m any per-
son to obtain recruits.
U if eApeeted that under the enrollment act recently
passed enough men will be obtained to man oar vessels.
I am, mi, respectful!v, jour obedient servant,
A. N. SMITH,
Chief of Bureau, ad interim*
Hon. J. A. Kasson, House of Representatives.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to say one word ?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. That is precisely the opinion
of the Department, that under theenrollmentact
they can obtain the men; but the joint resolution
now proposed to be repealed by the Senator from
Iowa stands in the way of the enrollment act, and
the repeal of that joint resolution entirely coin-
cides with the opinion of all parties that then they
will be enabled to obtain the number of men re-
quired.
I may be permitted to say, with the permission
of the Senator, that it is to be regretted if there
is not an entire accordance between the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs and the Department. 1 will
say no more dn that point; but the public service
ought not to suffer as it really is su"ffering at the
present time.
Again, with the liberality of the Senator, I might
state here very properly that but one vessel has
yet been sent to the Pacific, and none can be sent
there, where they are demanded, where there is
an urgent need for them, for the want of men.
Mr. HALE. All I can say is, that if there ia
any want of concurrence in action between the
committee and the Department, it is not my fault.
I called on the Secretary before I sa,w this com-
munication and expressed to him my full concur-
rence in any measure he would recommend and
my desire to do anything he wanted. In pursu-
ance of that feeling I had this conversation with
these two members of the House of Representa-
tives as they were coming to the Capitol, and I
was assured by them, to my utter astonishment,
that the chief of the Bureau of Equipment and Re-
cruiting had said that under the enrollment act
recently passed enough men would be obtained
to man our vessels.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very manifest from
the discussion which has taken place here this
morning that we have involved ourselves and tho
public service in difficulty by the passage of hasty
resolutiorfs here which have not had the consid-
eration of any committee of this body. The Sen-
ator from California comes in here this morning
and tells us that he got a resolution passed which
it seems never went to any committee at all, and
now he asks to have it repealed because it stands
in the way of accomplishing the object which it
is desired to accomplish. 1 think it should be a
warning to us to avoid this hasty and inconsid-
erate legislation, and to refer all these measures
to their appropriate committees. I move that the
proposition now pending be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. Let us act understand-
ingly; not introduce a resolution and pass it one
day and then come in another day to repeal it be-
cause it is in the way of accomplishing the very
object which it is desired to accomplish.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I agree with the Senator
as to the propriety of the reference of bills in nearly
all cases; but here when the Senator who intro-
duced the joint resolution proposed to be repealed,
and who is perfectly familiar with it, says that it
has entirely failed to accomplish the puiposes
which he designed; and not only that but it stands
in the way of legislation which has been carefully
prepared and agreed upon; that it is only a stum-
bling block, and that is the opinion of the Navy
Department and the Senator from Iowa who 1ms
intioduced this bill, it strikes me there is no great
danger m repealing the resolution, because it
leaves the law to stand as it was designed to stand.
I should not have interposed a word had I not
been aware of this difficulty that has existed with
reference to the transfer of men to the Navy, owing
to this joint resolution, and that it was really in
the way of legislation which was thoughtfully
and deliberately provided in order to accomplish
j the great purpose, and were I not also aware fur-
ther of the extreme necessity, the very pressing
necessity, that exists for immediate action in that
particular m order to get our vessels to sea. What
has been said by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is perfectly consistent with that state of the
case. Mr. Smith says bimply that he objects to
establishing a recruiting office up m the interior
of Iowa,and he says it is expected that they will
be able to obtain ail the men needed under this
enrollment act. He does not refer to this joint
resolution, and he undoubtedly was not at the
time aware of the effect of the joint resolution,
and therefore expected, as everybody else diu,
