'3388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Cowan, and Mr. Ramsey.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill of the House (No. 411) to en-
courage immigration, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Resolve4, That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
tiio hill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the couferees oij the part of the Senate he
appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Sherman, Mr. Anthony, and Mr. Lane of Kan-
sas.
CARMACK AND RAMSEY.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution of the House (No. 11)
in relation to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey,
disagreed to by the House of Representatives;
and,
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Resolved) That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the said resolution disagreed to by the IIon«e of Uepre^ent-
ativi'Sj riiui agiee to the confer<*ncc a-ked by the House
on the disagreeing votos of the two Houses thereon.
Ordeied, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Presidentpio tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Wade, Mr. Ramsey, and Mi\Carlile.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of the 16th of last month,
requesting information in regard to the maltreat-
ment of passengers and seamen on board ships
plying between New York and Aspinwall,a re-
port from the Secretary of Stale, to whom the
resolution was refeired; which was ordered to
lie on the table; and a motion by Mr. Conness
that it be printed was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, a*id referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 5G0) to amend an act of Congress
entitled "An net to grant (he right of preemption
to certain purchasers on the Soscol Ranch in the
State of California"—to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. *
A bill (No. 517) to incorporate the National
Insurance Company of Washington—to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution (S.
No. 75) declaring what States of the Union are
entitled to vote at the approaching presidential
election; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
LEAVE 0F ABSENCE TO A SENATOR.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to move that the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Brown] be excused
from further attendance in the Senate during this
session after to-morrow, owing to the condition
of his health.
Leave was granted.
RANCHO LAGUNA DE SANTOS CALLE.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate to post-
pone all prior orders and take up House bill No.
550, reported from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration 6f executive {Justness,
so that we can make some reports.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a while. It is of very great
importance to the people of California that the
bill indicated by the Senator from Kansas should
be passed at once. It is a House bill; the dele-
gation from the State are agreed upon it, and the
Committee on Public Lands have unanimously
reported it. It will not occupy a moment of time.
Mr. WILSON. I will not press my motion
for the present.
The motion of Mr. Pomeroy was agreed to,
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 559,)
to quiet the titles to lands within the Rancho
Laguna de Santos Calle, in the State of Califor-
nia.
It provides that it shall be lawful for all pur-
chasers from the grantees or their assigns of lands
within the Rancho Laguna de Santos Calle, in
the State of California, to file, within twelve
months from its passage, with the register of the
land office at Maysville, applications describing
the lands so purchased by them respectively,
with proofs of bona fide purchase from the grant-
ees or their assigns; and, upon such proofs being
found satisfactory, the purchasers are to be per-
mitted to enter,accoiding to the lines of the public
surveys, atfl 25 per acre, the lands so purchased
within the limits of the rancho, as described in
the petition presented to the board of commis-
sioners under the act of March 3, 1851, entitled
"An act to ascertain and settle the ptivate land
claims in the State of California," to the extent
to which the lands so purchased have been re-
duced to possession, and are now held by them;
but any person who shall avail himself of the
provisions of this act is to be thereafter debarred
any further claim under the grantee m the event
of a final confirmation of the grant.
Where any additional surveys may be found
necessary to give full effect to this act, the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is to cause
such surveys to be made at the cost of the pur-
chasers, as provided by the tenth section of the
act of May 30, 18G2, entitled "An act to reduce
the expenses of the survey and sale of the pub-
lic lands of the United Stated;" but no entry of
mineral lands or lands reserved for military or
other public uses is to be permitted under this act,
nor are any rights acquired under the preemp-
tion laws of the United States to be affected by it.
it is to be the duly of the u-gister and receiver
of the proper laud office to icceivc all applica-
tions in cases presented under this act, pursuant
to such instructions as may be prescribed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and to
adjudge all such cases as preliminary to a final
decision in due course of law.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is that bill reported from
any committee?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir; it is reported
by the Committee on Public Lands, who exam-
ined it very carefully.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. WILSON. I renew the motion for an
executive session.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make a suggestion with reference to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills. I desire to have a
member appointed on that committee, if he will
allow that to be done.
Mr. WILSON. That can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose it can only be done
by unanimous consent in any event. One of the
members of that committee is disabled from ren-
dering; any service by reason of an accident which
has befallen him, and now the business of the
committee lsgetting very laboiiousas the session
draws to a close, and it is essential that another
member should be appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An additional
member may be appointed by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and the Chair will appoint the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bucicalew.]
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. WILSON. I must now insist on my mo-
tion for an executive session.
Mr. HENDIUCKS. i wish to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts whether he contem-
plates doing anything more than making reports
in executive session.
Mr. WILSON, That is all.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 29, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock m._
On motion of Mr. HIGRY,the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
VOTES RECORDED.
On motion of Mr. BROOMALL, leave was
granted him to record his vote in the negative on
the amendment of the Senate to the tariff bill re-%
duemgthe duty on railroad iron, and in the affirm-
ative on the passage of the same bill. f
RANCIIE LAGUNA DE SANTOS CALLE.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent,reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill to quiet the titles to lands within the Ranche
Laguna de Santos Calle, in the State of Califor-
nia; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
CAltMACK AND RAMSEY.
On motion of Mr. IiOLMAN, the House took
from the Speaker's table the jomtresolution (H.
R. No. 11) in relation to the claim of Carmack
& Ramsey, with a Senate amendment, non-con-
curred in the same, and asked of the Senate a
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Holman, Mr. Alley, and Mr. Van Valken-
burgh as such committee on the part of the
House.
UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. COLE, of California, the
House took from the Speaker's table the bill (H..
R. No. 438) and the Senate amendments thereto
to amend an act entitled "An act to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same for
postal, military, and other purposes," approved
July 1, 1862, non-concurred in the said amend-
ments, and requested of the Senate a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Cole, and Mr. McClurg as such
committee on the part of the House.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
On morion of Mr. STEVENS the House took
from the Speaker's table the bill (II.R. No. 483)
and the Senate amendments thereto, granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Lake Superior to Puget sound, on
the Pacific coast, by the northern route, non-con-
curred in the said amendments, and requested of
the Senate a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens,Mr.Sweat, and Mr. Donnelly assuch
committee on the part of the House.
ENCOURAGING IMMIGRATION.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,
the House took from the Speaker's table the bill
(H. R. No. 411) and the Senate amendments
thereto, to encourage immigration, non-concurred
in the said amendments, and requested of the Sen-
ate a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes thereon.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Wasiiburxe of Illinois, Mr. Windom, and Mr.
English as such committee on the part of the
House.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN MISSOURI.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported back the testimony taken in the
contested-election case of Scott us. Noell, and the
same was ordered to be returned to Mr. Scott, the
contestant, the case having been decided by the
action of the House.
BIG TREE GROVE, CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HIGBY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, by unanimous consent, the
bfll (S. No. 203) authorizing a grant to the State
of California of the Yosemite Vailey, and of the
land embracing the Mariposa Big Tree Grove.
