2412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
interest of the Navy agent becomes linked with that of the
contractor against that of the Navy Department."
That isa wholesale denunciation in direct terms
by an officer of the Navy against a class of offi-
cers, genera], sweeping, crushing. They are ig-
norant and they are corrupt, and linked with tne
contractors to defraud the Government, to furnish
it poor articles at high pricesMr. President, I
bel^ve there are but five of these officers now in
commission, at least on the Atlantic coast. They
are the Navy agents .at Kittery, at Boston, at
New York, at "Philadelphia, and at "Washington.
It is my fortune to be acquainted with three of
them—with two of them I am n6t acquainted. I
will begin with the Navy agent at Kittery,Thomas
L.Tullock; and I say what every citizen ofNew
Hampshire, what every citizen of Maine that
knows anything of Mr. Tullock will bear me out
in saying, a more upright, conscientious,^onest,
faithful, vigilant officer never held a commission
under this Government from the days of Wash-
ington to the present time. A Christian,who illus-
trates the sincerity of his faith by the purity of
his life; a man of the most exemplary integrity;
a Man against whose reputation the breath of
scandal never breathed, and was never uttered
until he was subjected here on the floor of the
American Senate to the denunciations which have
been uttered against him. Mr. Tullock I have
known for many years. You know him, Mr.
President, [Mr. Clark, President pro tempore, in
the chair.] i think other gentlemen on this floor
know him. I take pleasure and pride in saying
to the Senate that he i« my friend, my personal
friend, and I am proud of the honor of being al-
lowed to call him so; and 1 tell you, sir, that he
stands as much higher in public estimation than
those who detract and decry him as it is possible
in the present constitution of things for one man
to stand above another.
1 have read—I think it is in iEsop's Fables—
that a viper once being impelled, either by the
cravings of hunger or the demands of his nature,
.thought he could mnkc a meal of a file. lie gnawed
at it some time. What the effort upon his teeth
was is not recorded; but I believe from that time
to this the attempt of vipers to feed themselves
with files has been given over. Just exactly as
useless will it be for any man anywhere to un-
dertake to build up a reputation for himself or for
any Department of this Governmentby-attacking
ana vilifying such men as Mr. Tullock.
The next of these officers whom I have the
pleasure of knowing is Mr. E. L. Norton, the
Navy agentat Charlestown, 1 speak in the pres-
ence of some who know him, and I aver, without
the fear of contradiction from anybody that is ac-
quainted with him, that a more upright man, a
man of more sterling integrity, a man of more con-
scientious devotion to his duty, a man of greater
purity of life, is not to-be found anywhere.
The other officer whom I have the pleasure of
knowing is Mr. S. P. Brown,Navy agent in this
city. When Mr. Brown was first nominated for
this office his nomination was referred to the com-
mittee of which I wasr.hairmain,and some charges
were made, not against his character, but against
his business relations, that he was then interested
in some contracts. Under those circumstances
the committee hesitated to recommend his con-
firmation. Subsequently Mr. Brown made a writ-
ten communication to the committee entirely vin-
dicating hjrnself from this charge; and from that
day to this 1 have never heard a word against his
character until now.
Now, Mr. President, what is it that has excited
this deep and bitter hostility against these Navy
agents? I will tell you, sir. I have got before me,
and I propose to read to the Senate, an official
correspondence which will explain the secret
source of this bitter, deadly hostility to Navy
agents. It is, so far as these three gentlemen are
concerned, because they are honest, inflexible,
incorruptible men, who will not suffer the heads
of bureaus to reward their political partisans at
the public expense. ,They have incurred their
hatred, and it is a compliment to them. I beg
the indulgence of the Senate to be allowed to read
this correspondence; it will not take long. I
would send it to the Chair to be read, butlhave
the impression (it may be a weakness in me)
that I can read quite as well as the Clerk, and i
will therefore read it myself.
In the first place, I will give you an account of
it so that you may understand the letters as they
go along. The commandant of the Charlestown
navy-yard, under orders from one of the bu-
reaus, ordered a crank forthe steamer Cambridge,
of Lazelle, Perkins & Co., for which Lazelie,
Perkins & Co. charged seventy centsa pound,at
least "seventy-five per cent, above the fair market
price. The Navy agent knew that just exactly
such an article as that could be bought at that
time, or at any time, for less than forty cents a
pound; and, as it did not come through the regu-
lar "channel, was purchased without any sanction
of law, when he was called upon to pay this enor-
mous price, nearly one hundred per cent, over the
market price, he refused to do it; he preferred to
perform his duty to the public, and thus incurred
the hate of the bureau. Let me read the corre-
spondence. The first is a letter from Lazelle, Per-
kins & Co., complaining of the action of the
Navy agent. This is a letter addressed by La-
zelle, Perkins & Co. to Rear Admiral Joseph
Smith, not because it was a matter that came
under the cognizance of that bureau, but because,
as the Senator says, he was in the habit of re-
buking merchants and others, and it wanted a
rebuker to silence Mr. Norton:
Bridgewater, Massachusetts, February 9,1804.
Sir : Duung last summer, Chief Engineer Wood, of the
Boston navy-yatd, (by ordei of the commandant of that
fetation,) oidered Irom our lorge a sha.lt for the United States
steamer Cambridge The shaft was made at considera-
ble inconvenience to u?> by working night and day, as we
weie informed the steamer was required on the blockade,
and wok: specially urged to do the work in the shoitest
possible time.
The shaft was made and delivered in the city of New
York, ami after inspection by a Government engineer the
bills were sent to the commandant of the Boston yard.
Alter waiting several months and hearing nothing from
them, the writer went to Boston January 26, and ascer-
tained by inquning at the commandants ofhee that the bills
(winch dated in October) were appioved by him Novem-
bei 12, and sent to the Navy agent in Bo-ton, and I was re-
quested to go there, where I would doubtless Inid tlie money.
1 accordingly eallcd upon him, when he miouned me they
tf'eie not m ins possesion. I insisted that he must have
them, but lie said no. I ag.tin told him they mu-t he in ills
utlice, and finally, bj opening .t side drawer, lie found them
all (original, duplicate, and tnplic.ite) duly appioved. i
asked linn it any requisition had been drawn tot the amount.
iJe said no, and that, there would not be In- him ; that Com-
modore Moutfomeiy 01 Chief Engineer Wood had no busi-
ness to oider anything for the yard; thai all orders must
come tlnough lnm,and d they saw fit to order they must pay
lot it, as he should not.
{ le^peetlully call your attention to the above matter,
that it may be brought to the nonce of the proper officials
in Washington, with a view that such conduct on the part
of these official-* (Navy agents) may be collected ; and to
slate further that it is my opinion, as well as that of man-
ufacturers generally, who^have had the snppKmg of their
goods to the Depaitment, thai his conduct in tfus'case has
been caused in not giving this order to such parties as may
iiave been selected b> himself to execute the work.
I am, very respectfully., youts,
GKOltGE B. STKTSON,
tori-iAZKLLE, Perkins &, Co.
Rear Admiral Joseph Smith,
f Chief of Bureau of Yaids and Docks, Washington^ D. C.
Bureau of Construction,
Navy Ditahtmbnt, September 10,1 G3.
Commodore J. B. Montgomery : Inclosed p!ea-e find
a copy of a report from the steamer Cambiidue relating to
the ciank pin of that vessel; and a new one is lequired.
You will please dneetthe chief migineri ot the yaid un-
der Jour command to ascertain where it was made (wluch
is probably at Boston, as the vessel was purchased at that
poit) and have a new one forwarded to her, m Admiral
Lee's squadron, as quickly as possible. If you have not
dnect communication by steamer, the most expeditious
mode will be to send it to New York,and request the com-
mandant ol that yaid to forwaul itatonee. Wheureadyto
be sjjat fonvaul you will inform the Bureau of Steam En-
gineering. JOHN LENTIiALL.
Bureau of Yards and Docks, February 25,1S64.
Gentlemen : Your letter of the 9th instant to me was re-
foried. to the Navy agent at Bostou tor explanation of his
long detention of your bill without action.
inclosed I send >ou a copy of the Navy agent's letter on
the subject to the Secretary of the Navy, wliieh i tmnsimUo
show you how much tnoie reasonably that agent can pro-
cure the work referred to than you seem to have charged.
That, however, is no excuse for ins non-action in the
premises.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH,
ChieJ oj the Buieau.
Messrs. Lazelle, Perkins & Co.,
Bndgewater} Massachusetts.
Bureau of Yards and Docks, March 7, 1864.
GtntleiMen : I inclose a copy of explanations made by
the Navy agent at Boston, touching the price you charged
for lh#i shaft for, the steamer Cambridge.
Please state whether * our price per pound was lor the
shaft finished.
You will observe that the Navy agent complains of your
price as exorbitant, and if it is really so, you should of
course make a deduction.
After reading the Navy agent's letter please forward to
tiie bureau such explanations asyou may think the matter
requires.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH,
Chief of the Buxeau,
Messrs. Lazelle, Perkins & Co.,
Bridgewater, Massachusetts.
Bridgewater, Massachusetts, March 11 y 1864.
Sir: We beg to acknowledge receipt of yours of the 7th
inclosing copy of letter from E. L. Norton, Esq., Navy
agentat Boston, in which hexiiarges us with asking your
Department an cxoibitaut phcc for the ciank shaft of
steamer Cambridge, and says that Mr. Dearborn, of thefirin
of Dearborn, Robinson & Co., forged the original one at ten
cents per pound, and would now make the same finished
at forty ceut« per pound. Also, that Mr. Curtiss, of the
Atlantic Works, says that foitycente at the present time
would be the highest puce for such a one finished, and fur-
ther, that Mr. Curtiss says we are now making much
larger and more difiicultones atthirty-nme cents per pound.
Mr. Curtiss must, we think, forget that we are now under
contract with him to make a ciank shaft, and have six
months in which to do the work, and that he is to pay ua
fifty cents per pound for the same.
Mr. Norton further state^ that our establishment is at
woik day and night as a matter of economy, and thuf euch
establishments aie run day and night. So far as our experi-
ence goes, we can assure you thcie is no economy many
such operation, and we beg to state that it costs much more
to run day and night, computing the expense with the
amount of work turned out. We cannot nun out as much
work in a night as in a day, and we are quite sure that
others have had the same cxpenence as oui-selves.
He also says that we do not pay oui workmen anything
extra for working nights, which is not coriect, as we do
pay extra for night work.
VVc have shown you, as above, that our works are not
run day and night as a matter of economy, but merely fioin
a pi ess of work.
if the Navy agent had considered the bill an overcharge
he should have s*o stated it at the time oui man called on
him, and not say that he would not pay it for leason of its
having been ordered by Commodore Montgomeiy instead
of himself.
When the bill was rendered we considered it a ju.-t one
uudei the circumstances; if it is not so, we htand icady to
coriect and lefund any overcharge.
Cur price lot Mich work is filty cent-* per pound mil-led
when we have tin* other lorgmgs lequired for the engine.
We ha\e within the pa?t thice months forged all the woik
for five engines of similar shape for one of our cu^tomeia,
and we ehaiged him foi the same twenty-five cents p^r
pound m the rough. The ciank-shaft is the most diliicult
piece to make ol all others required in the construction of
a niaune engine, and there is double the ri*k attending its
manufacture. At the present time we would not under-
take to make one at the price charged your Depaitment,
(thirty cents per pound, foiged weight.)
When the ord*>r wa< received if was stated the ship was
required on the blockading station, ami that we must not
lose a moment's tune on it.
Under tho^e instruction^ we commenced if at once, lay-
ing a«ide other work that the wants of oui customers hard
pressed us for deliveiy. When it was forged we at once
put it into our largest lathe, (foi which wc chaise twenty
dollars per day.) stopping the work it was on. We cannot
make these changes without inclining additional expense
and loss oi time.
We appeal to you, sir, if we should notieceive moiefor
this work than if we had plenty ot time m which to exe-
cute it.'
The parties fioin whom Mr. Nuiton obtained the prices
he quotes, are competitors of ours in bu-mes^andhe doubt-
less explained to them the nature of the case before getting
their figuies.
We always have been, and arc now, ready to srrve^our
Department in anyway, and at quickest possible time^and
ask no other compensation for so doing than what is jutt
and righi; and In this ease we woiked with an understand-
ing that the semces of the ship weie valuable to the Gov-
ernment, and the first thing to he looked to was dispatch.
We leave the matter entuelyin your hands and shall
cheerful!) abide by any decision made in the case by your-
self or the Depaitment, and any o vet charge shall be prompt-
ly remitted as you may direct.
Mr. Norton's ticatm^nt to us has not been what we should
have received from a man in his capacity; we have at least
a right, we think, to demand civil and courteous tieatment
from him as a Government officer. We mean ail our claims
and bilis shall be at market rates; if not, we stand leadj to
make them so.
Awaiting your reply, we remain vours, very truiv,
LAZELLE, PERKINS & CO.
Hear Admiral Joseph Smith, United Slates Naiy,
ChieJ of JJureau of Yards and Docks, H'ashiii^ton, D. C.
Burba'? of Yards a\d Docks, JJpril 1864.
Gentlfmen : Yoms of the 11th March I icferred to the
Bureau of lingmeermg, as it pertains to that buVeau, to pay
your bill for the crank made forthe Camhiidge.
It was a matter which did not appertain to this ftmeau,
but was investigated by it a* stated in letter of 7th March,
in reply to youts of 9tii February last, and which has not
escaped the ob^eivation of the investigating committee of
the Senate on tiie •subject of naval ftmuK.
You will please call on theBuieau of Engineeung to
examine and settle your bill for the crank.
I am, respectfully, your obedient seivant.
JOSEPH SMITH,
Chirf of the Bateau,
Messrs. LM.zuhib, Plrkin^. & Co., Bridgewater > Mate.
