1436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
and what everybody concedes will undoubtedly
be the case, that under the enrollment act you will
accomplish all the purposes which you designed
to accomplish.
I therefore suggest to my friend from Illinois
whether it is not best, under the circumstances,
or whether it would not be quite safe to let this bill
pass at once, because the worst that can happen is
to take out of the way a resolution which all who
were connected with its passage admit has entirely
failed to accomplish the purpose designed, and
leave the deliberate legislation of Congress on that
point to its expected results and effects. I think
we had better act upon it now.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think that the pub-
lic service will suffer by the short delay that may
intervene between its reference and the report of
the committee, ft is a matter manifestly of great
importance; and the Committee on Naval Affairs
appears to be the appropriate committee to have
it under consideration. I hope, therefore, the
motion to refer will prevail, and that the commit-
tee will report upon it at an early day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
takes priority. The question is on re'ferring the
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I regret to express any wish
in opposition, to the desire of the Senator from
Illinois; but I really cannot see any purpose or
result but delay and injury to the public service
by referring this bill now. 1 shall say no more.
I hope it will not be referred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised at
the Senator from California, and the course he
takes in this matter. He states that he came in
here with a joint resolution, the joint product of
the War and Navy Departments, and at his in-
stance, without any reference to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, he got that resolution passed
—just the thing they wanted. Now,sir, we-had
that kind of legislation once. If that resolution
had been referred, a% it ought to have been, we
should not be in this difficulty. I have no doubt
the Senator from California supposed 'when he
was urging the passage of the joint resolution
which he now seeks to repeal, that he was ren-
dering the best service he could to the country.
He thought that joint resolution was the very
thing necessary. He made us nil believe so. He
got it through this body, and through Congress,
without any reference at all. Now, as it is the
case with all of us, he finds he was mistaken. He
thinks now that he is exactly right; that if we re-
peal it, it will all come right. 1 hope he is cor-
rect, and that he will now aceomplish the object
he desires by repealing that joint resolution, and
that it was a mistake and nothing but a mistake
when he got us to pass it the other day.
But having been mistaken once in regard to it,
it is barely possible that he may not be correct
now. This is no way for us to legislate. If we
have a Committee on Navrtl Affairs, and meas-
ures of this kind are brought in here, we ought
to referthem to that committee. The matter may
be reported back as soon as possible. I do not
wish to dt:lay it a day. I would not delay it a
moment, and am as anxious tu promote the pub-
lic service in this respect as the Senator from Cal-
ifornia or anyone else; but I think we shall pro-
mote it best by doing business in the regular and
ordinary way; ami therefore I must insist on my
motion to refer this bill to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. CON'JNESS. The effect of the Senator's
last tematks, as well as the evident purpose of
them, was nut so much to cause the reference of
this subject now as to prove me inconsistent,
hasty, and inconclusive in my attempt at legisla-
tion. i think the Senator, were he in my place,
conceding him all the distinguished ability that I
do, could not at that time Wvc done any better
than I did; and I do not think that I deserve the
strictures of the Senator this morning.
What were the facts then? The enrollment
bill was hanging between the two Houses. Other
questions were pressing upon Congress. There
was no certainty of getring a vote upon that bill
within a reasonable time. The State that I m
part represent here stood naked and exposed to
any hostile ship that mightcome upon rhatcoast.
The Navy Department had waiting at Hampton
Roads a splendid new ship to send there wanting
her complement by sixty men, and those sixty
men could not be obtained by special requisitions
that had been sent to all the cities on the Atlantic
seaboard by the Navy Department. The War
Department, up to that period of time, would not
agree that any legislation should be had to trans-
fer seamen found in the military service to the
Navy. It was by my importunities perhaps en-
tirely that they agreed to the form of legislation
contained in the joint resolution, namely, that
such a transfer might be obtained and made upon
the payment by the. Navy to the War Department
of the bounty that the sailors had received when
they had enlisted, and provided additionally that
the said transfer should not reduce the number
of men requisite to form the regular complement
of a company or regiment in the service.
These were the best terms that I could obtain
at that time; and in view of the position that the
enrollment bill occupied between the two Houses
of Congress and the questions that were involved
in it, whether we should conscript and draft negro
slaves in the States or not, I felt it to be my prime
duty to aim at the passage and obtainment of such
legislation as could be obtained at that time to
facilitate the transfer of men from the Army to
the Navy. I appeal to the Senator and ask him
whether I acted in the dark, whether I acted in-
considerately, or whether I did not act as care-
fully as he could have acted under the same cir-
cumstances?
I make this response to the Senator because the
burden of his remarks was to show the Senate
that I am inconsiderate, or was on that occasion,
m my action and legislation. And now that a
general principle shall be carried out, when it is
clear to the mind of every Senator that there is
nothing to be gained by the reference, the Sena-
tor demands that the usual course in legislation
be pursued,and that this subject be referred, when
you have thirty ships lying idle and the enemy's
vessels—I mean the blockade runners—are going
in daily and nightly to Wilmington. You have
thirty ships lying at your wharves for the want
of men. It is plainly stated by all parties that
the conditions imposed by the War Department
in that joint resolution which passed Congress
now stand in the way, and they are wilting to
give way and allow the more liberal and proper
legislation found in the enrollment bill to have
force and effect.
Now, I ask Senators whether they are going
simply to follow " red tape" far enough to send
this subject to a committee when there is no earthly
need of it, and the committee in the performance
of their duty can but report it back and recom-
mend its passage. Personally, it matters nothing
to me what course the Senate may take in regard
to tiii.s question beyond the deep interest that I
feel as a Senator and a citizen that this useful
and necessary work be done, and done at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no disposition cer-
tainly to show any inconsistency of the Senator.
I merely used the case that was before us as the
best illustration I could think of to show the im-
propriety of this species of legislation. The Sen-
ator from California is not responsible for it alto-
gether, I understand him to say that this was
the joint production of the War and Navy De-
partments. The heads of the Departments ap-
proved it.
Mr. CONNESS. And the best result that
could then be obtained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it would seem that
so far as he is concerned he took all the pains he
could; but I think it would have been much bet-
ter if he had referred that joint resolution to the
appropriate committee. 1 do not know that I
understand the Senator exactly. He speaks of
the enrollment bill as hanging between the two
Houses, and that this joint resolution was brought
in at a time when the enrollment bill had not been
passed, and it was not known whether it would be
passed, and it was the best that then could be done.
If the enrollment bill passed subsequently to the
joint resolution, as a matter of course the joint
resolution is not in the way of it. Thejoint resolu-
tion having passed before the enrollment bill, there
is no occasion to repeal it because of its interference
with the enrollment bill.
Mr. CONNESS. That is a question with the
Departments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There can be no question
about the construction, that the last law on any
subject repeals and prevails over all former laws
and joint resolutions that are inconsistent with it. !
Mr. GRIMES. They were approved the same
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they were approved the
same day, then it appears that the joint resolution
was not passed before.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to say one word.
When the Senator from California brought in his
resolution, he stated to the Senate that it was for
a temporary purpose, that the steamer Wateree
was then lying at Old Point Comfort on her way
to California, and lacked sixty men to complete
her complement. He had the idea that he could
pass that resolution that afternoon through both
Houses of Congress, as he told me, and as I think
he told the Senate, and that with the aid of that
resolution they would be able to complete the
complement of that ship.
Mr. CONNESS. And she has gone.
Mr. GRIMES. Expecting that the enrollment
bill would stand as the permanent law of the land,
he had thejoint resolution passed as a temporary
measure. Now, all that is asked is to repeal that
joint resolution, which was only introduced and
passed to accomplish a temporary purpose, and
let the enrollment law stand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That may be very proper,
and the Senator from Iowa has examined it and
thinks it is. I have very great confidence in his
opinion about it. The Senator from California
has examined it, and he thinks that is all that is
necessary; but they both assume that the rest of
us know just as much about it as they do. That
is not so. I confess that I do not know much
about it. I have confidence in their statements in
regard to it, but I should be much better satisfied,
and 1 think the Senate would be better satisfied,
to have "a proposition of this kind go to the ap-
propriate committee; and I submit to those gen-
tlemen, is it not proper that it should go there?
I cannot understand why it is not. I know not
why we have a Naval Committee if the matters
appropriate for that committee are not to go be-
fore it. It does seem to me that it is appropriate
and proper that it should go there, and I think
we had oest not set such an example as to legis-
late upon a bill of this kind, introduced and passed
in the morning hour, without the consideiathm of
any committee at all; not but that it may be right
in this instance; but if the Senator from Iowa
does it to-day I may do it to-morrow upon some
other question, and another Senator the noxf day
upon some other. The precedent is a bad one.
It will occasion no considerable delay to let the
bill go to the committee and be reported back,and
the only reason that I referred to the action in
regard to the other joint resolution was as an ex-
ample to show the impropriety of this species of
legislation, and not to make any point upon the
Senator from California, whose patriotism I know
and appreciate as much as any one, and whose
earnest desire to serve the country is manifest
upon all occasions where it is proper for him to
speak. I only wish that business may be done
in the appropriate manner, and that the proper
business for our committees may go to the appro-
priate committees.
Mr. GRIMES, When I introduced this bill
this moming I stated that if there was any ob-
jection to its immediate consideration I would not
press the bill at this time. There was no objec-
tion, Ihe Senator from New Hampshire says
that he objected, but nobody heard him until after
he had made a speech on the subject of the bill.
I then inferred that the bill was to be taken into
consideration. I concur fully with the opinion of
the Senator from Illinois that bills ought to be
referred to committees, and I should have been
perfectly content to let this bill be referred if it
had not been understood that we were to go on
with the consideration uf it, although there is no
particular reason why this should be referred at
this time,for it only repeals a joint resolution that
was acknowledged to be a temporary law to ac-
complish a particular pu rpose, and let the general
law on the same subject stand, that law which
has been thoroughly digested and fully under-
stood by everybody.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It can be reported back
and come up in the morning.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not certain of that. I
have had several bills referred to the Naval Com-
mittee which are slumbering there, and I do not
know how long they will remain there. They have
been neither reported favorably nor adversely.
