1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M:
vote both against the motion to amend the reso-
lution and against the resolution itself.
Mr. JOHNSON". Mr. President, it is notmy
purpose to say any more on the resolution. I
nave already stated to the Senate my objections
to the resolution, either in its original form or as
it is proposed to be amended. I rise merely for
the purpose of saying, with that respect which I
hold at all times for an opinion of the Senator
from Connecticut, that he will pardon me for sug-
gesting that I think one of the principles which
he has avowed perliaps cannot be maintained.
The opinion which I formed on that subject was
formed at a time when the contest which presented
it arose. I think it was in 1832 that those reso-
lutions were offered by Mr. Clay.
Mr. FOSTER. It wttsin the session of 1833-34,
if I mistake not.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was about that time.
"When those resolutions were offered and while
they were pending, and either before or after they
were passed, I Qw'get which, the then President
of the United Srates sent in a protest, in the form
of a message, against their passage,founded upon
the principles stated by the honorable member
from Connecticut, that it would be upon the part
of the Senate the expression of an opinion in ad-
vance upon a question on which they might af-
terwards be called upon judicially to decide. It
is true that Mr. Clay modified his original reso-
lutions; but it is equally true—I speak from per-
sonal knowledge—that the modification which he
proposed was not because he himself doubted that
it was within the power of the Senate to pass the
resolutions in the original form, but because he
was anxious to get such resolutions passed as he
supposed would accomplish his object; that is to
say, resolutions denouncing as unconstitutional
some conduct on the part of the then President of
the United States. When the protest which the
President sent in was before the Senate, the prin-
ciple to which my friend from Connecticut has
adverted was discussed at large. As well as I
recollect, not only Mr. Clay maintained the right
of the Senate to express an opinion on all the acts
of the Executive, but Mr. Webster did it in the
strongest terms, and Mr. Calhoun did it, and al-
most every member of the Senate except those
who were more exclusively the political friends
of the President. It seems to me, as it seemed
to the statesmen to whom I have adverted, to be
very full of danger to deny to the Senate of the
United States, or any member of the Senate of the
United States, the right to express his opinion on
the conduct of the Executive, and to express it in
the broadest terms. If he believes that the Pres-
ident has done an act that is unconstitutional,
whether he calls it usurpation, or, omitting the
word " usurpation," says that lie has exercised
powers which arc not tound in the Constitution,
I think it is his duty , if he believes any good will
be accomplished by it to the country, so to state
and so to endeavor to vote.
Now, I suppose that my honorable ftiend from
Connecticut at that time, for I believe he was then
a politician 
Mr. FOSTER. A very young one.
Mr. JOHNSON. A very youngone, I know,
butnotless wise because young. I lathenmagine
that if he had been a Senator of the United Siatcs
at that time, and believed that Geueial Jackson
had been sinning against the Constitution, usurp-
in" poweis which the Constitution did not give
him, and hazarding the interests of the country
by the exercise of such powers, he would, in
the Senate and out of the Senate, and on the hus-
tings, anil upon every occasion that might present
itself, denounce it, and endeavor to satisfy thecoun-
try that the President was acting beyond the sphere
of his power.
So, too, in relation to the members of the other
House. Now, as it seems to me, Mr. Piesidcnt,
if we reflect for a moment, not exactly to the same
extent, but in principle, the doctrinc upon which
it may be maintained that no individual Senator,
that no majority of the Senate can express an
opinion in relation to the conduct of the Execu-
tive in any particular which, if true, would be a
just ground for impeachment, would deny to the
members of the House of Representatives the right
to express any such opinion. The answer might
be, "You have no right to denounce the President
of the United States except in the way pointed
out by the Constitution; that way is by impeach-
ment; anil if you think that he has done an act for
which an impeachment might be prosecuted, take
that course; but do not denounce the President be-
fore the country." Suppose the President of the
United States—I am only supposing it, because I
am suiesuch a result will not happen; butit may
happen in the course of time; we may get into the
executive chair some man who is totally regardless
of the restraints of all the Cosstitution; and sup-
pose he should attempt by military usurpation,
with the Army under his control, to break down
the Constitution in all respects, to change the form
of the Government, should attempt to convert us
into a military despotism, can we not denounce
it? Certainly not, (that being an act for which he
is clearly impeachable,) if it be true that because
it is an act for which he is clearly impeachable
wc arc to be silent; and, as I said just now, if wc
are to be silent upon the floor of the Senate, I know
not upon what giound we are not obliged to be
silent outside of the Senate.
We could not go before the country and try to
alarm the country, pointout thedanger, call them
to the rescue of our free institutions, because it
would be said at once, " Theground upon which
it is improper for a judicial officer to express an
opinion upon a question which may come before
him judicially, is that he commits himself, he
judges in advance upon the guilt or innocence of
the party who may be before him for prosecu-
tion." Well, he can do that just as effectually
out of the Senate as in the Senate; and the result
ofit would be, in suchacase as I have supposed,
that no one of us, however satisfied we might be
that the freedom of the country was in peril, in-
imminent pen], that the Constitution was about
to be extinguished, all that our ancestors fought
for and all that we have endeavored to presetve
was about to be lost, could, either upon the floor
of the Senate or in the country, either speak or
write so as to keep alive the spirit of freedom and
call upon the people, in whose hearts it might
still exist more or less, to come to the rescue.
I merely rose for the purpose of saying—speak-
ing for myself individually—that I shall always
feel myself at liberty, should the occasion arise,
to denounce the conduct of the Executive in the
strongest terms, if I believe that strong terms can
properly and with truth be applied to him, not-
withstanding it might turn out and could consti-
tutionally turn out that I might be called upon at
some subsequent period to act, as a Senator, as
one of the judges upon the President in the event
of his being impeached.
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I am not aware
that I differ with the honorable Senator from
Maryland, (I certainly should do so with very
considerable distrust as to the correctness of my
own opinion,) on the subject of the light to dis-
cuss freely here the official conduct of the Presi-
dent of the United States. I meant to limit my
remarks in their application to the propriety, to
say nothing of the good tnste, of introducing reso-
lutions into this body of a character like this:
u Rcsolrcd. That the present Executive Government of
the United States lias subverti-d lor the time, in large poi-
tions of the loyal States, the ireedom of speech, the free-
dom of the press, and flee suffrage, the constitutions and
law:* of the States andof the United stales, the civil court*
and tual byjtuy; it lms ordered ad liLitum arbitiary ariests
t>y nnlitaiy otlireis, not only without wair.uit, but without
any charge or imputation of einne or offense; and has hui-
ried the person? so ancsted fiom home and vicinage to
distant piisons, and kept tlieai nicareeiated there tor an
indefinite tunej some of whom it dSclmiged without tiul
and in litter nrnotance of the ean-e of their anest and im-
prisonment, and others it cau-ed to be brought before courts,
created by it-ell, and to be tried and punished without law ;
in violation of the, constitutional gnaiantee to the citizen j
of in* light to keep and beat :uiii«. and of Ins rights of piop-
ertv. it ha-, foicibly deprived as well the loyal a^ the dis-
loyal ol both , it has umu ped the power to suspend the wilt
of hahrns rot/no. mid to piocbum martial law and establish
militaiy mbtmal.-ill Sta'es and parts of States where there
was no obi-tiiietion to the due aiiministiation of the laws
of the United State,*: and the States by the civil couits and
authorities, and ordered many emzeris, v, lie were not eon-
| neeted with the Aimy or N.ivy, to be dialled before its
dium-liead eouit,s, and to be tuul by them lor new and
' strange offenses, declared by irspif and by undefined arid
1 indefinable law, being but the aibitiarv will of tlic court;
[ it lias ordained at pleasure a militarv despotism in the Hnal
1 States by moans of court,-* martial, piovoet marshals, and
! military forces, governed neither by law, principles, nor
I rules,fi onl whoso tyranny and oppressions no man can claim
I linmuiliu ; all of v, hieb noi*.l be tepudiated and swept away
i by the soveicigo people."
; That, it is true, is not technically a bill of in-
| dictmenl, but in effect it anaigns the President of
| the United States before this boil y for al most every
offense of which he officially could be guilty, and
that almost in the formal language of a criminal
information or indictment.
If the honorable Senator from" Maryland thinks
that it is proper for any Senator to introduce here
such resolutions, and fo r us, as Senators, to sit here
and debate them, and'by debating them in effect'
try' the President of the United States for these
offenses, without the presence of the accused him-
self, without the presence of the constitutional
prosecutors, to wit, the House of Representa.-
tives, without the Chief Justice of the Uniteil
States to sit here and preside over us, although X
am sorry to differ from the honorable Senator
from Maryland, I must differ, and certainly do
differ. I certainly have not any such understand-
ing of the rights, duties, and privileges of this
body. I cannot go with him if he goes to such
an extent. I think suchacourse unconstitutional
and dangerous. Within these limitations we may
differ as to the prerogatives of the Senate. On
the general question of the right of Senators here
to discuss the conductof the President and of any
officer of this Government with the utmost free-
dom—I mean of course that becoming freedom
which the honorable Senator from Maryland al-
ways prescribes to himself, and which 1 trust all
Senators arc disposed to prescribe for themselves
—to that extent I go. As it respects the allusion
I made to the course pursued by the Senate some
thirty years ago in the case of General Jackson,
though the honorable Senator certainly has much
better means of information than I as to the views
of the men of those times, I think the record will
show—I have not examined it—that the Senators
acting with Mr. Clay thought it would bo unwise
to put impeachable matter into resolutions rela-
ting to the President. They certainly meant to
insist upon and to exorcise most amply and freely
the right to discuss the conduct of the Chief Magis-
trate; but ihey did not wish to place themselves
in the attitude of sitting as judges without the
presence of the accused and without the presence
of his constitutional prosecutors.
I make this explanation, Mr. President, be-
cause I would not have it understood that I fall
short of any man in my attachment to the prin-
ciple of freedom of discussion here and every-
where.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I shall inter-
pose no obstacle to any disposition of the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts which he
chooses to make. I had occasion the other day
to express my opiniotisas to the true, real mean-
ing and intent of the string of resolutions offered
by the Senator from Kentucky. I then gave it as
my opinion that it was riot only the tendency of
those resolutions to stir up and incite insurrection
among the loyal people, but that they were writ-
ten for the purpose. I founded my judgment, as
I announced that I.should, in the effort to con-
strue those resolutions upon their language itself;
I resorted to no extraneous matter in interpreting
them; I did not go out of the record; and X was
bound to this by sentiments of fairness toward the
Senator from Kentucky.
I said before all that I desired to say upon the
interpretation to be given to those resolutions,
and I rise now principally to express my dissent
from some sentiments which fell from the lips of
the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fi'ssenden] yes-
terday while he was addressing the Senate upon
this subject. If I understood him correctly,and
I endeavored to do so, he announced to the Sen-
ate that he did not regard it as any breach of the
privilege of the Senate for a- Senator here to rise
in his place and by his language and appeals, if
he should think the occasion justified it, call upon
the people to resort to insurrection and violence
for the purpose of resisting the Government. 1
did so understand the Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend will allow s e
to state what I did say. I said nothing about
the privileges of the Senate. I said that we were
not responsible out of doors for what we said here,
that we were responsible in doors for any breach
of the privileges of the Senate or fo? any impro-
priety in our language or conduct hero, and^ we
were subject to such orders as the Senate might
pass in relation to that mutter. I expressed no
opinion upon the question whether this case ought
to be so considered; I did not undertake to argue
that matter; but I put my vote upon entirely dif-
ferent grounds. I said that, so far as the particu-
