8890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
that there is such a state of things down there as
leads us all to hesitate what course we should
pursue. This is a measure by which it is hoped
some new light will be cast upon the subject be-
fore the next session of Congress,
What I asked for a moment ago, and what the
gentleman from Ohio objected to, is another thing.
There are three .gentlemen sent here from Arkan-
sas. They have been here waiting the action of
this House for several months. They recognize
the fact that no definite action can be taken this
session. All they ask is that they may speak in
behalf of their people some fifteen or twenty min-
utes. That is all I ask, but if it is ob jected to of
course I must pursue the original plan.
Mr. BLAIR. I rise to express the hope that
my friend from Ohio will withdraw the objection
he has made. Now, sir, it is had faith to reject
the members from the Slate of Arkansas and
other States who have been duly elected to seats
npon this floor, and it does seem to me it is ag-
gravating that injury to refuse to allow them to
be heard upon this floor without reference to the
condition of their States and constituents. I am
sorry that the gentleman from Massachusetts did
not offer such a resolution as would bring this
House to a direct vote upon the question whether
these States are to be regarded as States out of the
Union.
I would like to know how many members there
are upon this floor who are willing to recognize
at this time the principle that the southern States
constitute a foreign nation and are not a part of
the United States. I want to know whether they
are not still to be recognized as parts of this glo-
rious Union of ours. The settlement of that
question cannot be postponed much longer. It
must be determined one way or the other. If it
is the intention of this House to exclude the
southern States from all representation upon this
floor it will certainly save a great deal of time
and trouble to determine that question now.
But, sir, I do hope that these gentlemen who
are here from the State of Ailtansas will at least
be allowed to be heard before their claim is re-
jected and tiicy are excluded from the llonsc. 1
appeal to the gi-ntlenien brfoie me to give these
claimants an opportunity of piesenting then own
case, and 1 hope the resolution of the gentleman
from Massachusetts will bo modified so as to ac-
complish at least that purpose. Unless the gen-
tleman is extremely anxious to coincide with
Jeff. Davis as to the position of the southern
States, he will not decide without a hearing that
all representation from these States shall be de-
nied to them.
Mr. COX. [do not k now whether the gentle-
man is talking in order or not, but 1 think he is
extending his remarks a little beyond what com-
mon decency would suggest from a man coming
from West Virginia.
Mr, DAWES. I resume the floor.
Mr. BLA.fR. I hope the gentleman will allow
the member from Ohio to finish his retnmks.
Mr. COX. The remarks I made comprehend
about what I have to say.
Mr. DAWES. I resume the floor and decline
to yield further.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no doubt 
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from West
Virginia is not in order.
Mr. HLA1R. 1 say i have no doubt the gen-
tleman from Ohio would be very glad [" Older!"]
to exclude West Virginia from representation.
["Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say to the
gentleman from West Virginia and to the House
that if gentlemen insist upon speaking after they
have been decided to be out of order ho will be
compelled at this stage of the session to exeicise
the power which has been vested m ium to en-
force order.
Mr. COX. I hope the Chair will excuse the
gentleman from West Virginia. lie is evidently
laboring underunnsualexcitement. [Laughter.1
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the Ciuui will direct
the repoi ters for the Globe not to take down any-
thing a member may utter while speaking in de-
fiance of the luling of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. That was the luie adopted
in the last Congress, but it has not before been
suggested in this Congress.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The rules permit the
Chair to decide questions as (hey arise. 1 object
to his telling the House* how he is going to decide
questions that have not arisen in the future.
, The SPEAKER. The Chair responds to the
gentleman fiaukly that he lias the right to state
his construction of the rules, and to notify gentle-
men in advance, that no one can complain of par-
tiality.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 532)
to establish certain post roads; when the Speaker
signed the same.
IIBPUBSKNTATITKS FEOM AllKANSAS.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I now present
the substitute repoited by me on behalf of a mi-
nority of the Committee of Elections, and ask the
Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Whereas by article of the Constitution of the United
States n ami the laws, made m putsuariee thereof are de-
clared to !>e the supieme law of the land, and eveiy act of
secession by any State ii in direct violation of buel  su-
preme law: Thercfoie,
Resolved by the Senate and House of llcpiesevtafivcs oj
the Untied Stales of Jhactica in Congress assembled, That
the acts of secession by the 1 icgisdatmos. of the s>eveial
States who-e people are now in lebclhon, are mere nulli-
ties, having no ioice or effect fo change the relations either
ot the Slates tin mstlvcs. or of the people tlieicof tow aid
I lie General Government, and that by such act- the people
neilhet fined themselves from the penalties attaching by
law to nea-am or jo^t any lights as citizens of tins State*
and United State?, except -uch a.* may follow upon con-
viction of ci line; that the duty of the people of Mich States
to s>eml tine and loyal men lo'Congrcss, and the light so to
do, as* consequent upon the duty, .still lenjam by ioice of
the Constitution, requn mg no act ot the Pi evident or Con-
gress to eoufiim them; that no State can, utidei the Con-
stitution, assent to the piesence of aimed rebel- tioin other
States within it.-; hoideis, und that any act of the autiiou-
tie- of «i State givnu; Mich assent i« a nullify ; that the en-
trance ofsueh aimed rebels of one State upon fenitory of
nnothet is an invasion. 1'iom which, by aitnle torn ol the
(Jon.-titnMon, the United Stales ate bound to protect the in-
vaded Slate ; that this obligation of pmteenou on the pait
o! the United States is due to each eni/,eu individually, a< a
ooii-eijnenec ot hi- duty ol allegiance, and continue . s-o long
as there is a Mnglc lo\al citizen m a Mate oppt e-sed by
such invasion ; that m> long as the ('oustifution ami law* of
the United Slab's c aueoi be cnfmccd in anj congressional
di-triet, on aerounf ol the pres.Mice oi uum-d tcb theio
ean he no fire election, and a pei-on eiaiminga-eaf thiough
an election urniei such ( n cuuisianecs shouid be rejected.
Sue. —. J) nd.be 11 further > h ed, That the Con-t itntion,
in m tide two, detention the qualifications of eleotois (or
Representative^, and that any older of the President or act
of Congress changing Mich qualifications would be a usurp-
ation or a nullity
Spc. —. "'])td be it fuithrr rc-iolred, That uhenevej, bv
pestilence, foicisn invasion, or dome-tie coii-puaev, the
others of a Slate requited by it- law-* to conduct .to' elec-
t ion have been destio\ ed or earned oil, the State does not
tbOioby cease to e\i-r, noi do its people torfeit then nghts
as citizens of the State or ot the United States, bur tioin
the very necessity ol the c:wc, and by v.rtue of the power
Impliedly icseivcd to the people, they may, in a practica-
ble and leaoonablc mannei, supply the deficiency and hold
an elect ion, conducting it, howcvxi, as (ar as is possible, in
conioinuu w itn tlie existing laws and con-tmmtm of the
State ; ami that the duty of l.'ougie-s m passing upon such
an election, i laiuted to be held under such circumstances,
i?, limited to ascertaining wheihei it \va-" a fair e.\pi c.s-uou
of a majoiltj of the people, ami in the mode o! conducting
it depaited tiom the grneial laws of the State onl> mi far
as way neee-.-aty to Mipplv the deficiency ol officers re-
qnned to conduct the election.
She. —. <dnd he it fin thei resolved, That the i ight of the
claimants from AiKansas should be detet mined bj tne pi in-
eiples hen: enunciated; audit they ?!mll satisfy this House
that the Constitution and laws of the United States and of
the State held peaceful sway over then lcspeetivcdu-tricts;
that in those elections they departed m nothing tiom the
constitution and existing laws of that State, save in sup-
plying requisite otiiccis, and that they received the vote of
a inajouiv in then respective districts, then they ate enti-
tled to .-cats, but not otbeiwisc.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the gentleman
from Wisconsin to offer that as a substitute for
the joint resolution reported by me.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I do.
Mr. ASHLEY". I ask the gentleman from
Wisconsin fo allow me to offer an amendment,
which 1 am sure three fourths of that side of the
House will vote for.
Mr. GRiSWOLD. I object.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. AH the resolu-
tions of the minority of the committee depend
upon article six of the Constitution. That arti-
cle provides that
<iThe CotHtltunon of the United State* and the laws
made in puisuance theicof, &.e., shall bo the supieme law
of the land," •**-•<. k. anything in the
Constitution and laws of any State to thecont'iary notwith-
standing."
For the puiposc of sustaining the views of the
minority it is not necessary to discuss the question
of the relative powers of the national and State
governments, or whether, by the Constitution,
the Federal authority was,m the language of John
C. Calhoun and of many of his republican fol-
lowers, "a compact" or a Government, ft is
enough that by " the compact" the Constitution
and laws of the United States are supreme, not-
withstanding State enactments. It follows by
legal and logical deduction that every State enact-
ment in violation of or destructive to this Consti-
tution or compact, (I shall not quarrel about
terms,) is void as in conflict with the supreme
law of the land. It will be remembered that the
supreme law is that which overrides and is su-
perior to all other laws. The next proposition
of the minority resolutions is a corollary from
what I havt5 stated. The acts of secession of the
several southern States being in violation of the
Constitution, or destructive to "the compact,"
are, as opposed to " thesupreme law of the land,"
void. That a void act is in law no act is u prop-
osition which hardly needs authority to sustain it.
The learning of lawyers and the common sense of
the public will equally assent to the doctrine. On
that small middle class who have just law-learn-
ing enough to destroy their common sense 1 will
not waste argument.
The next proposition of the resolutions is that
these void acts of secession (being no acts in the
law) neither change the status of the several
States nor the relations of their citizens to the
State and General Government. This also is a
deduction from what has been previously stated.
The conclusions from these various propositions
are most important and entirely at variance with
the resolutions reported by the majority. The
acts of secession being void and the'siatus of the
States being preserved, each State remaining in
the Union is entitled to its constitutional repre-
sentation. No proclamation by the President, no
recognition by Congress is necessary to restore
that to the Union which never has departed from it.
Nor do any practical difficulties arise from this
doctrine; on the contrary, practical difficulties
are obviated. The individual who has engaged
us rebellion cannot protect himself from the con-
sequences of treason behind his allegiance to his
Suite and us actof secession; the loyal citizen of
a State who has been overpowered by the force
of rebellion loses no rights from the inability uf
Government to protect him against the crimes of
his fellow-citizens. There is no danger of crowd-
ing Congress with traitors, because the traitor
would or should be at once arrested and held to
answer for his past crimes; if the person accused,
loyal in thought, had only yielded to the vis
major of the rebellion, he will be acquitted; if
guilty, he will be condemned. No really objec-
tionable person would dare to offer himself as a
lepresentative; he would not thus challenge the
hostility of a victorious Government.
The resolutions then refer to the duty of pro-
tection which Government owes to the citizen in
return for his allegiance.
If it be a crime on the part of the citizen to plot
treason against Government, it is a violation of
duty on the part of Government to allow the dis-
loyal fo force the loyal into rebellion. Wc have
the authority of the Presidentof the United States,
which, as known to all the members of this House,
1 need not quote, for the fact that the majority of
the people of the southern States did not assent
to the rebellion but were hurried into it by the
fraud or force of leaders. This declaration, hav-
ing the high sanction of the President, repeated
by almost ail the leading journals and politicians
of the Republican party,and fortified by our own
knowledge oftheconditson of the southern States,
proves that the majority of those who, under
the majority resolutions, are deprived of citi-
zenship, di iven out of the Union, and, as being a
conquered race, subjected to the arbitrary will of
Congress, are in fact more sinned against than
sinning.
It is, however, in point of justice and law im-
material how extensive the loyal sentiment may
be in those States; so long as these is one loyal
man looking to us for relief and protection we are
bound by the great charter which unites us,to
furnish him that protection.
The resolutions of the minority cite article four
of the Cousptution, by which the United States
gUiUcitity each S><tte uguiust invasion and domes-
tic violence. As the last refers to an ins>urtectioil
