1864-.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2415
with officers; but such suspicion is not only wholly un-
founded, but, even if it were not vwone, it can be f-iiown
there is 110 necessity-for such collusion to insure large
orders tor certain muteiial.
As ha<sheen stated, the annual reports supply indices of
articles wanted in extra quantities ; but brides, it would
require slight expenence to be fully informed in the mat-
ter. For instance, any p'lity knowing the construction
of a ship, is aware that rounds ], 1, and H inch, and flats
4xi inch are used tor bolting and strapping in enormous
proportion to all other sizes; and these are khjds winch of
necessity Government has tequired.
Irs ignorance of the routine in navy-yards, these requi-
sitions for iron for ships have been"attributed to the master
machinist, whereas they originate with the naval con-
structor or naval storekeeper.
In a letter of February, 1862, discussing the subject of
large deliveries of profitable articles under the old or ficti-
tious system, the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
wrote to .Smith Brothers & (Jo.:
{>For these supplies I attach no blame to you."
Again, afterwards he wrote:
"1 have no complaints to make of jour failure to comply
promptly with all demand? upon you, so far as this buieau
is Concerned."
After two years" additional business relations with our
house, the chief wiote to the Secretaiy of the Navy •
"I believe the hou^e of Smith Brothers & Co. to be of re-
spectable standing, and that they employ no mean* not con-
sidered legitimate in tuc&c times to obtain orders."
fie hasaKo lepeatedly m conveu-afion admitted hi" opin-
ion "that they are an honest and respectable house.JJ
The records will prove that we have faithfully fulfilled
all contracts with the Department, and that our contracts
have been exceedingly advantageous to Government, owing
io the great advance of merchandise dining the war.
Upon our contrac ts of August laM, amounting to about
$1.)0,U00, to be completed helore the Nt of July next, the
advance upon the merchandise has been more than $'50,000,
and we have deiiveied largely uon at $100, when worth
$150 per ton. The eontiact:- have been faithfully iulf ll«id.
it is pOSMbie that two in-tanees of .-ales by our hou<e
may be presented in a form to our di* p.ira^emcnt; said s>ales ,
namely, of lead under om comraet wuh the bureau ot Con-
struction, and or hoilci iron to (he Cuie.ui of Oulnance,
jjavii!% been the s-uhjects of piolom ed di^cu-.-ion vvuh the
bureau-". The original eoKOpond^ice, winch we punted
in full from siitiM.iotion With ouriccoid, will-bow tiuitour
claims were vindicated, the decisions of tin; buieaushaving
been ovenuled, while ourintegiity w;h not questioned.
In March last it was a^irmed that -onic tin we had de-
livered to tho Bureau ot Ordnance was .pot Hanca, ace>>rd-
ing to the inspector's voucher. butHevelly tin. We replied
that" besides the voucher on 'file in the bureau, we had am-
ple e\idence of the fact that the tin w.is as described;"
and lurtheimoie said, " we lepeat the challenge to piodcme
any just claim again?t us lor restitution upon sales by us of
tin o, othei hierchandise to Government.No claim has
since been pi evented.
For the record of our integuty in all transactions with
Government we appeal confident!}' to the very extended
te.'timoiiv before tin: Senate committee oi investigation,
and which we aie engei should be given to the public. A
complete vindication will be found therein tiom any and
all iwpeijaoiH which can be made upon n«..
Especially is said evidetue lull and conclu-ivc as to tlie
suspicion ot collusion or pecuniary interest with the Navy
agent. Timty-two int«riog<uones wen; presented,covering
ahno-t eveiy possible form oi t-u^picion, ^inquiring as to
lelations oi "consanguinity or marriage !"') ami nrele-
vantly penetiating pnvate inatteih aecoidmg to the dfci&ion
of the committee. They were welcomed as oppoitunity
for a full exhibit of the truth.
In Decernbei la-f upon request I prepared a paper for the
commissioner of the naval code, suggesting means foi tiie
gieater protection of public biddings, and ol weights and
measure-! in navy-yards. These suggestions wen' so ac-
ceptable as to be embodied m the newdratt of a naval code
submitted to Congiess.
Subsequently, in January last, we communicated to the
Seeietaiy of the Navy an analysis of certain eontiacts, de-
veloping evidence of collusion, to the great wiong of Gov-
ernment. Tins expose has occupied latgely the attention
of your committee.
In the Congressional Globe of May 20, the honorable
Senatoi from Iowa is reported as saying:
1 think it will turn out that the frauds to which the
Senator fiom New Hampshire alluded, which I suppose
grew out of fictitious bidding, weie not called to lighr, and
the publication that h:u been leieired to was not made by
the firm or the un mbei of she firm that did make it, until al-
ter he had been rebuked by the chief of the Buteauoi Yards
and Docks lumped foi having made fictitious bids, and been
called upon to respond and to deliver overso-neof the aiti-
des for which those fictitious bids were made."
In this statement the honorable Scnatoi is under mis-
taken nnpiessions.
Fust, a*- to the *< rebuke,'" as he styles it, for fictitious
bids* This was diacuoe.l, as above staled, nenrly two
veais before.
" Second, as to the explanation oi the bad contiacts in
question by fictitious bids. The honorable Senator at-
tempted this theoiy on a former occasion in explanation of
the wrench contract; but if is entirely inapplicable. The
contracts weie executed undei the act ot Hd March, li^GU.
Theie weie uo fictitious prices therein ; butting vaij from
twice to twelve times the value ot the article.
Thud, as to the suggestion of tnc analysis, and the time
when U was made.
From inloi mation I had icceived and which was commu-
nicated in June last to the honoj.ibh' Se^retan of the Navy
by gentlemen ot use highest re-jx eiability 110m Massachu-
<?etr-', 1 anticipated that the ne\t icpoit ot the Department
would reveal bome extiaouiinaiy contiacts. As soon as the
report appeared, wiong was detected
But chaiges as serious as those m the analysis were not
made without caielul consideration. The evidence upon
which !he;k are hu-f«l, artei compilation tiom {he report ot
the Secretary of the Navy, was examined in detail by a
gentleman whose competent judgment of evidence would
be admitted. $
After the pa^er was placed in type, for gieater distinct-
ness the proot was submitted to a counselor of Boston,
eminent for character as ability. Upon a critical examin-
ation theicof, in connection with the Secretary's report,
he pronounced it a conclusive statement of evidence, suffi-
cient to prove the allegation to an> intelligent jury beyond
a reasonable doubt; and furthermore with others declared
it my peisonal duty, as a citizen, to place said paper with
the Seeietaiy of the Navy, that the serious wrong discov-
ered might be thoroughly investigated. The unpleasant,
and, as might have been expected, thankless duty, was per-
formed.
From this last remark I must except the honorable S«c-
letary. Fie alone of the officials concerned expressed his
cordial appreciation of the service, remaiking it was as
important to the country as that rendered in the field.
In conclusion we rernaik thatwhile regretting the exist-
ence of a system which compelled us to resort to fictitious
bidding m otder to obtain naval contracts, (until that sys-
tem was changed, as we con^idci, puncipaily through our
instrumentality.) we know of no transaction whieh was
not strictly justtowaid Government, or of any action on
our part which, under the circumstances, was not fully
warranted.
We hope that our efforts in behalf of reform, our fearless
assertion of our rights as merchants in correspondence
with heads of bureaus, and our exposure of collusion and
fiaud.liave not stimulated an eager search foi wrong on
our part which has no existence in fact, and thus called
down upon us an unfriendly criticism.
I remain, sn, respectfully, your obedient servant,
'franklin \v. smith.
Hon. John P. Hale, <
Chat) man oj Senate Committee on Naval Jijfaiis.
Mr. Piesident, 1 have read*this long communi-.
cation to the Senate because I thought it due to a
gentleman whose character was thus assailed,and,
T think, as it will be published side by side with
the statements of the Senator from Iowa, that the
injurious imputations thrown upon thecharacter
of Mr. Sitnrh will carry with them their own an-
tidote. 1 believe there is no higher duty that a
Senator or the Senate owes to the country, to the
Government,and to itself, than to vindicate, when-
ever it is unjustly assailed, the character of any
ctltzui whose conduct may be thus brought be-
fore the Semite. Neither shall I, even though the
Senator from Iowa has made the astounding dec-
laration that he is not, a non-resistant, at any time
be detetred from the course which 1 think my
duty imposes upon me in defense ofindividual
character, or in ferreting out public wrongs where
ever I may'beheve that they exist.
In regard to this bill oi the honorable Senator,
t believe that in the speech which he has lead to-
day he states that the report upon U is actually
the report of the Committee on Naval Allans.
A little while ago it was the report of the chair-
man only, and 1 believe, standing in his place in
the Senate, he undertook to poll the committee,
and asked if any of them had ever seen it before,
and as none of them rose in his place lie assumed
that it was mine. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, in the exercise of the duty which this body
devolved upon them—I am not going to say that
they did not show a gieat want of taste, of dis-
cernment, of appreciation of exalted worth and
great attainments, m not putting the Senator*from
Iowa at the head of that committee; I waive that;
it is settled for the present — but, sir, the Com-
mittee on NavulAffairs in the deliberate exercise
of their unbiased judgment upon that bill came to
the conclusion that it was unwise and inexpedi-
ent to pass it. In my humble judgment, it would
be particulaily unwise at this time, when a class
of officers of unsurpassed integrity, and of most
scrupulous fidelity 111 regard to the publicinterests
m carefully guarding and watching the public
treasure, are pounced upon by those whose hands
they have endeavored to keep horn the public
Treasury, to pass such a sentence of condemna-
tion against those faithful officers for the honest
and faithful performance of their duty.
But, sir, m recommending to the Senate that
that bill do not pass, the committee did not un-
dertake to say, and do not say, that there may
not be many suggestions m it worthy of the con-
sideration of the Senate, and which it would be
well to incorporate into the law, but they looked
upon the bill in^its principal featuie, and that
was the abolitioh of the very few civil officers
there are in the Navy.
The honorable Senator says that we propose
to ""popularize the Navy." I do not know where
he got that phraseology". After the most careful
examination of the report that I have been able
to give to it since this subject has been up, I do
not find anything of the kind in it; but the report
of the committee is based upon the idea that the
Senator in the closeof hisremarks said he wanted
to see carried out. He says he does not wantt®
see the Navy made a close .corporatio/). Neither
do I. There are but two classes"of£>flicers, Navy
agents and naval storekeepers, that arc now ap-
pointed in the naval service from civil life. "Tne
expenses of the Navy, as given by the Senator
in bis specchjare^HO,000,000 ayear. Of course
some of that, in contracts for vessels, goes outside
of the Navy proper. But in regard to'all its em-
ployment of officers and men they are confined
to a particular service, and there are but two
classes now left that ore takgn from civil life,"to
wit, Navy agents and naval storekeepers, and
it is proposed by the Senator's bill to abolish
them.
But, Mr. President, because there have been 4
frauds committed, and the Naval Committee re-
port against this change, is it fair, is it candid, is
it just, is it ingenuous to say that the committee
are in favor of perpetuating frauds? As well
might we retort upon the Senator from Iowa
(taking the facts that have been disclosed in re-
gard to contracts made at the Navy'Department
by which the grossest frauds that were ever per-
petrated under the sun have been carried into suc-
cessful execution without the intervention of any
Navy agent or storekeeper) and say that he.was
in favor of perpetuating tl^iese very frauds and
the%e very abuses and enlarging the sphere of
their operation in the navy-yards, because he rec-
ommends the substitution of naval officers for
civilians. But, sir, it would be neither candid,
nor just, nor ingenuous to do it. I do not believe
the Senator has any such intention or any such
wish.
The Senator labors under one of the strangest
hallucinations that ever was allowed m the provi-
dence of God to afflict so cleai an intellect as his;
and that is, that all the evils thathave been com-
mitted, all the wrongs that have been done, all
the thefts that have been committed upon the pub-
lic Treasury, would be saved, remedied,and pre-
vented in ail coming time by withdrawing from
the naval service the exercise of all control ex-
cept by those who wear epaulets and hold com-
missions: an epaulet is the sovereign remedy
for all wrongs. I have as high a regard for naval
officers as the Senator has. I respect them. I
believe that as a class they are upon the whole as
upright, as honest, and as pure as any other class;
not more so. I yield that to them.
But, sir, how does this wholesale onslaught
upon the mechanics of this country sound? How
will it be received by the country? Who aie to
save this nation in this its hour of peril?' Who*
have volunteered more readily, more earnestly,
and more heartily in defense of the national life,
which is this day m peril, than the haid-handed
sons of toil whom it is proposed by this action
in the Senate to-day to disfranchise? Pass this
bill, sir, and it is in itself a standing libel pub-
lished by the Ameiican Government, to be read
by all nations and to go through all time as the
judgment of this Senate, that the great body of
the mechanics in the various walks and occupa-
tions in which they are to be found are bribed,
corrupted, and have the price of this corruption
in their hands to-day. I do not believe it. When
that comes to be the conviction of this Senate and
of this Government, or of this people, i tell you,
sir, you have little left that is worth preserving.
If that be the fact, it matters but little to the in-
terests of humanity, to the progress of the race^
atid to the elevation of man, what is the lesult of
this rebellion. If you believe the great body of
your people are not to be trusted, if they are to
be put under the control and agency of men in
military power because they aie corrupt,' it is a
sentence of condemnation and of ostracism upon
that great class upon which this Government and
every other Government must inns hour of emer-
gency depend.
Whenever you do that you strike a fatal blow
at the Navy. You separate it from the sympa-
thies and the respect of the great mass of your
people. You pronounce against u a sentence
which will work its utter ruin. You isolate them
from the masses. You make them,as theSenator
from Iowu says he does not want them to*be made,
a close corporation, and then you will see what
you have seen, and what you are now witness-
ing, in regard to these contracts Co which I have
