THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
Why are they here? I will tell you why, and I I
state it in nospiritofunkindness,for I have none, '
toward that Senator. He undertook the other
day to launch some vjjjgar flings, some smallish
sarcasms at me, but I feel very much as did the
man who said when his fractious little wife was
berating him, that he did not care much about it,
for it did not hurt him, and seemed to do the little
thing a great deal of good. [Laughter.] I have,
I repeat, no unkind feelings toward the Senator
fr*>m Kentucky; but why is it that the Senator
presents this long series of resolutions that can-
not but give aid and comfort to the enemies of his
country? If in the dark days of the Revolution,
that followed the Declaration of independence,
Yfhen timid and conservative men shrank back,
some member of the Continental Congress had
arraigned the Congress and Washington and the
armies and invoked the people of England and of
the colonies to revolt against their war leaders,
and take the matters into their own hands, to term-
inate the war, and adjust their differences upon
prirrciplesof compromise, would not every Amer-
ican, who reads the history that records it, pro-
nounce his act to be a blow aimed at his country,
giving aid and comfort to its enemies? So, when
the baleful star of the rebellion shall sink down
in eternal night, when the star of peace shall as-
cend the heavens, when our heroes shall come
back again to gladden our homes, the loyal heart
of America will pronounce this act of the Senator
from Kentucky a wicked, unpatriotic measure,
which the instinctive patriotism of the nation will
pardon, never.
Sir, Senators may rely upon it that the people
of the loyal States by an uncounted majority will
condemn these resolutions, and will sanction a
vote of censure or expulsion. There is no loyal
State that would not vote by an immense major-
ity for the expulsion or censure of any Senator
of the United States who should bring such accu-
sations as these against the Government, and as-
sume the powers that belong alone to those whom
the Constitution has clothed with authority. The
people, whose sons are toiling, suffering, bleeding,
and dying for the country, are less charitable than
Senators around me. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is a bold man—he must bo a bold man to
pen such resolutions—but he is not bold enough
to read the resolutions to any regiment in the
Armies of the United States. Should he make the
attempt, he would have to make a race more fleet
than the race he referred to the other day from Bull
Run, to keep himself fromgajftcing the highest tree
in the vicinity of such regnhent. The " subsi-
dized Army" and the " negro janizaries" will not
bo swift to forgive the Senator from Kentucky.
But I remember that when Congress, in 18G1,
was struggling, when there were before us a series
of proposed amendments to the Constitution to
establish and guaranty slavery south of 36° 30'
forever in all territory in our possession, or here-
after to be acquired, when we were asked to allow
slavcmasters to range with their slaves all over
the free States and hold them there for tempo-
rary purposes, when we were asked to amend the
Constitution so that we could not abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia without the consent
of the slavemongers of Virginia, when we were
asked to amend the Constitution so as to take
away from the colored citizens in our own States
the right of suffrage that they had enjoyed from
1776'to that tunc, and when we resisted it. there
was a meeting in Kentucky, at which the Senator
was present, which passed a resolution that if the
sepai ation of the country should go on, they would
amend the Constitution and ask other States to
join them. I remember, too, that on the 28th of
April, 1861,after Kentucky had refused to respond
to the call of the President for troops to defend
the capital, the Senator wrote home from Balti-
more that Kentucky should arm herself and oc-
cupy a position, so that when the country was
worn out with this war she could dictate the
terms of peace, After that, the Senator came into
this body proposing, as was said yesterday by
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] aserics
of resolutions of the most extraordinary charac-
ter, and a confiscation bill from which the Senate
and the country shrank.
But why is this change? Why is it that Jef-
ferson Davis is not arraigned now in these reso-
lutions, but Abraham Lincoln and his support-
ers? I will teli you why. The reason is that the
Senator from Kentucky has become on this sub-
ject of human slavery, when the world is out-
growingitand passing from it, a fanatic; he is to-
day—I say it in no offensive sense—drunk with
the fanaticism of slavery. Thatisthetruthofit,
and every movement made in this body, no mat-
ter what it has been, connected with slavery, that
Senator has denounced. We found early in the
war that traitors were permitted to go within the
lines of our armies to hunt for fugitive slaves, and
we brought in a simple article of war here to for-
bid it, and the Senator denounced that bitterly.
We brought in a bill to abolish slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia and free the national capital for-
ever from slavery and the nation from the shame
and disgrace. The Senator then told us defiantly
that
" If you procccd upon the principle of manumitting all
tlie slaves in that State [Kentucky] that have belonged to
persons who weie in the lebel aimy, or who sympathized
with the rebel causc, you will find that it is impossible ;
you will have no jiowoj to enforce the law, and you never
will cnforco it. There is no bemgin that State who would
not nsc up in revolt, find in d< adly and in continuous and
never-dying hostility,to any such system. We would hold
the paitv in power, wc would hold the misguided men in
power tiiat would endeavor to force that state upon us as
the worst enemies with which the God of heaven had ever
cursed us."
When my colleague brought in a proposition
to recognize Hayti and Liberia, the Senator de-
nounced it, and retailed here the vulgar story of
John Y. Mason—the man who Colonel Benton
said was always satisfied if he had his belly full
of oysters and his hands full ofcards—who, though
one of the chivalry at thecourt of Prance,showed
that he had none of the instincts of a gentleman
when he pronounced the embassador of Hayti
" with his clothes to be worth a thousand dollars."
Sir, a proposition was made to establish schools
to educate five or six thousand colored children
in the District of Columbia, to teach them to read
God's Holy Word. The Senator from Kentucky
rose in the Senate and denounced it, and under-
took to lidicule it by telling the stoiy of an Irish-
man who wrote home from the island of St. Lu-
cia that if Irishmen came there they all turned
negroes, and that we were very likely here in the
Senate to turn negroes.
It will thus be seen, sir, that whenever any
question connected with slavery has come up,
that Senator has rushed to the floor to defend
slavery. Every word spoken, every line writ-
ten, every act performed, that keeps the breath
of life in slavery in America for an hour, is now
a ciime against the unity of the Republic and
the life of the nation. Every real statesman in
America sees it; the people see it; and slavery is
going down; but the Senator from Kentucky does
not see it; and that explains his bitter and unre-
lenting denunciation of the Chief Magistrate of
the Republic, and the men who arc now admin-
istering the Government.
Mr. President, I introduced this resolution, as
I said at the time, on my own responsibility. I
presented the lesolution Aom what I regarded to
be a high sense of duty, and I would do it again,
and will do it again whenever I see in the Senate
of the United States resolutions brought in here in
favor of secession or disunion or civil war. I be-
lieve with Major General Banks that " when the
national cxistcnce is at stake, and the liberties of
the people in peril, faction is treason." But, sir,
the Senator from Kentucky, in the letter sent to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and in words
spoken on this floor, has put upon the enduring
records of the Senate his words of renunciation,
of qualification, of modification of his language,
and friends with whom I am accustomed to act
are willing to accept his disclaimers and to take
his own construction and interpretation of his lan-
guage. I am not disposed to be more censorious
than others, and therefore I accept these denials,
these qualifications, modifications, and reserva-
tions.
With these modifications and these denials,
these resolutions become simply a faice, the broad-
est kind of a farce. The whole country will launch
its jibes and its jeers at them. They are now
nothing; they now mean nothing. " Revolt" does
not now mean revolt. The appeal to the people
to take the Government into their own hands does
not now mean that. The election of members to
a national convention to terminate the war and
reconstruct the Government does not now mean
anything. Nothing can now come of it but a
pamphlet, or a respectable conservative gentleman
to be beaten for the Presidency. A " subsidized
Army" is now no longer a subsidized Army. I
do not say that the Senator when he drafted his
resolutions was very brave, that when he came
to place them before the Senate and the country
his courage oozes out of his fingers'ends. But I
certainly think, and the Senate and the country
will certainly think, that he is swift in accepting
the philosophy of Falstaff, that "discretion is
the better part of valor." But, sir, I accept all
the Senator's explanations, retractions, and dis-
claimers. The resolutions now mean nothing;
they are nothing; and I drop them, and withdraw
the resolution for expulsion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Lane, of
Indiana, in the chair.) The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts asks leave to withdraw the resolution.
It can only be done by general consent. Is there
any objection? The Chair hears none, and the
resolution is withdrawn.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
COLONIZATION OF COLORED PJSKSONS.
Mr. WILKINSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesident be requested to inform the
Senate, if not in his opinion incompatible with the public
interests, whether any portion of the appropriation tor the
colonization of persons of African descent now residing in
the District of Columbia to Hayti and Liberia, 8te., has
been expended, and what steps have been taken to exe-
cute the provisions of the act of Congress regulating the
colonization of persons of African descent.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Carlile] this morning moved to postpone
the consideration of the bill to encourage enlist-
ments until to-morrow, which was agreed to. I
understand from him that he made the motion
because the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] did not happen to be in his chair. The
Senator from Missouri has no objection to pio-
cecd to the consideration of the bill to-day, I un-
derstand; I therefore move to reconsider that vote,
in order to bring the bill up for consideration.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will not make that motion. I should like
to discuss that bill, and I am very unwell to-day.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the Senator has no
objection to allow us to take it up and lot some
other gentlemen proceed in its discussion.
Mr. POWELL. If other gentlemen desire to
proceed, I have no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 41) to promote enlist-
ments in the Army of the United States, and for
other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Claris in
the chair.) The pending question is on the first
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Henderson,] in line five of scction
three,afterthe word " he,"to strike out the words
" his mother, and his wife and children;" so that
the clause will read:
That when any person of African descent, whose service
or labor is claimed in any State under the laws thereof,
shall be inuhtercd into the militaiy oi naval seivice of the
United States he shall forever thereafter be fiee, &e.
Mr. WILKINSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before I give my vote on
that amendment it is proper that I should state to
the Senate, or those who may take an interest in
the opinion I may have on the question embraced
in the amendment, why it is that I shall vote in
favor of the amendment.
I doubt very much if any member of the Sen-
ate is more anxious to have the country composed
entirely of free men and free women than 1 am.
If I had it in my power, and there were not mis-
chiefs, as I think, necessarily to result from bring-
ing that result about at once, I would vote for any
measure that would have that effect, and I should
therefore not hesitate to vote against this amend-
ment if I believed there was any authority to pass
the bill as it stands. I understand the bill to pro-
vide that u{3on the enlistment as a soldier of any
man of Afiican descent his wife and his children
