2416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23.
called the attention of the Senate, on a more ex-
tended scale.
Mr. President, this is a question of no light, no
%trifling moment. It is radical; it looks down to
the very foundations of the Government', it is
searching; it goes out into all the ramifications of
society; it is lasting. Enter upon this course, and
you separate the Navy in fact and in deed from
the great mass of the people upon whom every
institution, Army, Navy, courts, and everything
else, must depend.
Again, the Senator bases his action not only
upon the corruption of all the mechanics in every
branch that are engaged in the naval service, but
he does more than that; and I believe in the
speech which he has made this morning he did
not make a solitary exception of every contractor
that he named that he did not classify as corrupt
and as intending and cooperating witk bribed em-
ployes of the Government to defraud the national
Treasury. Sir, the Secretary of the Navy is en-
gaged, I understand, to-day in prosecuting these
fraudulent contractors. I am glad of it. Let him
go on; let him find them out; let him convict and
let him punish them; but the Secretary of the
Navy ana everybody else must remember it gen-
erally takes two persons to make a fraudulent
contract where a third party is to be defrauded;
and let him get everyone of these contractors in-
side the penitentiary or of Fort La Fayette, and
the most guilty culprits will be outside then.
Now, Mr. President, what is our dut) ? It is
not our duty, as I understand it, in this hour of
clanger and of peril to the country, to enter into
any new and untned expeiiments. Butso far as
expcricnce. sheds any light on the path of our
duty, as evils are discovered let us remedy them,
and apply the remedy, and not with ruthless
hands at one blow upset a system which in the
main, 1 repeat, as I said in the report, has oper-
ated well. That there have been frauds and great
frauds, and gross wrongs, 1 do not deny. 1 shall
be glad to see them rectified; 1 shall be glad to see
our legislation purged of any evils that our his-
tory demonstrates to exist. But, Mr. President,
if you had the wisdom of the wisest man that
ever lived, if you had a patriotism as uncalcula-
tingand unselfish as ever pulsated in the breast of
man, if you had a sagacity such as no history
records, if you had a wisdom to legislate little
Bhort of infinite wisdom, you could make no sys-
tem of laws, you could devise no planthatcan be
carried into successful operation, which shall pre-
serve your character and your Treasury, and
keep yourselves intact from depredations such as
these, until you find men of perfect integrity to
administer them; and, sir, when you fail to find
such men, when you find that there has been any
dereliction is this respect, you should not look
with a too superstitious reverence upon the epau-
let worn upon the shoulders of a man who has
committed the deed.
Mr. President, if 1 know myself, I desire noth-
ing in this administration of the Navy or of any-
thing else that does not look to the best good of
this country, i have been opposed from the be-
ginning to transactions such as I have alluded to,
such as I have delineated. 1 was opposed to
them under the Democratic Administration. I am
opposed to them under this Administration. I
have been opposed-to them and I will continue to
be opposed to them to the latest hour of my life.
For this I have been denounced as an enemy to
this Administration; as lfdenouncing fraud, false-
hood, corruption, profligacy, and extravagance in
the use of the public Troasuiy is to be opposed
to this Administration! Mr. President, 1 desire
to support this Administration with the sincerity
and the deep conviction of my whole natuie, that
cannot possibly be appreciated by the thieves
and plunderers that support it only for the oppor-
tunity it gives them to prey upon the Treasury.
I look upon ourselves, sir, as engaged in a strug-
gle, the issue of which is not yet, that is to decide
the greatest questions that have ever been raised
in the history of the world. It was one of the
injunctions laid upon the ancient people of Israel
that when the host went forth to battle they
should do no wicked thing. When the hostgoes
forth to battle, when the armies of your country,
with their lives in their hands, go out to meet the
embattled hosts that are gathered for the over-
throw and the destruction of the national life, it
becomes us by purity in the administration of
our public affairs,. by honesty in every walk of
life, by every act that we do, to see to it that we
do not by our national or*personal sins at home
hinder the beneficent purpose of a benign Prov-
idence that would smile upon our arms but for
the baseness of the people whom they defend.
Sir, the man that is guilty of public crime, the
man that winks at frauds on the public Treasury,
the man that seizes this hour, when the blood and
treasure of the nation are poured out as they are
being poured out, for the purpose of enriching
himself at the expense of the public Treasury,
commits a crime second only to that of him who
is in arms against the cause of his country.
Let us, then, sir, dispassionately and calmly,
as becomes men and statesmen, look, and look
fearlessly and candidly, upon the condition of
things which our country presents; where we
have seen wrongs, let us remedy them; and again
let us be careful here in this high council of the
nation, where calmness and prudence and wisdom
and justice are required of us, that we do not al-
low ourselves, from any mistaken impulse, wan-
tonly and causelessly to assail the just reputation
of those who are not before us and cannot answer
for themselves.
Mr. President, I know that the careful and elab-
orate speech of the Senator from Iowa may be
supposed to require a more minute, a more criti-
cal , and a better-prgpared answer than I have been
able upon the spur of the moment to make; but,
sir, unprepared, incoherent, and undigested as it
is, there is one thing I know, it is founded in
truth, in justice, and in right. I have no friends
to reward. The Senator spoke of the yards be-
ing filled with the political friends of some mem-
ber of Cottgress. I neither know nbr care to
whom healludcd;butthere is notin any navy-yard
a single officer that holds his place, so far as 1 re-
member, by any recommendation or suggestion
of mine. I do not know how it may be with
others, nor do I care. But I trust that upon a
subject so vital as the government of the Navy,
so important to the best interests of the country,
we will calmly and dispassionately weigh the
subject, and come to the conclusion which justice,
patriotism, and wisdom may require.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I have risen only
to say a word. The speechesof the two Senators
to-day have confirmed the suspicion that a very
simple state ofthings exists. The honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, has stated here again
and again, and did two years ago, with distinct
emphasis, that the country had more to appre-
hend ffcom the profligacy and corruption in the
difForpnt Departments of the Government than it
had from the enemy in the field. To-day in the
opening of his remarks he admits that in the ad-
ministration of the Departments, and especially of
the Department with which heismore nearly offi-
cially connected, there is enormous corruption and
peculation and robbery in the disbursements of
the money appropriated to the Naval Department,
and near the close of his speech lie concedes that
the Naval Department and the Government gener-
ally is infested with thieves and robbers. I sup-
pose it ys all true; 1 do not doubt that it is true,
but here is the honorable Senator 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me?
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I have but a word to
say, and I will not detain you long. I will give
place to the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
in two or three minutes, and he may speak to his
heart's content. But, Mr. President, what I am
driving at is this: here is the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, a gentleman of rare
| ability, of great senatoiiul experience, a lawyer
! by profession, whose life has been appropriated
to the ferreting out of crime and bringing crim-
inals to punishment; he, aschairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, is peculiarly bound to
pei form this office m relation to the great and
numerous delinquents in that Department. He
ought not to content himself with the denuncia-
tion of peculation and of fraud and of robbery in
general terms in the Naval Department or any
other Departmentof theGovernment. He ought
not to speak in geneiul terms of thieves and 10b-
bers, and ieave the matter there. From his con-
cessions in relation to the Administration of our
Government, there is none on earth, or that ever
was upon earth, more corrupt. I am not in-
formed as he is, but I have much reason to be-
lieve that his general assumptions are true; and
if the matter were proved and investigated to
individual cases throughout the Government its
truth would be found not to be at all over-stated.
But while the honorable Senator is making
these concessions, what does he show in the way
of measures of reform to have been proposed by
him and by his committee? What measures is
he devising for the purpose of ferreting out and
exposing and punishing the thieves and robbers
that he admits infest the whole Government?
Why does he not introduce his measures, well
considered, efficient, and elaborately and carefully
prepared, for the purpose of correcting and re-
forming this monstrous abuse that is so danger-
ous to the perpetuity of the Government and. its
institutions, according to his own concessions*
If he knows of any thieves and robbers in his De-
partment, why does henothold them up to puolic*
scorn and condemnation and punishment by nam-
ing them? This admitting in vague and indefinite
terms that a Departmentand a whole Government
is corrupt, infested by thieves and robbers, and
that the amount of plunder and peculation and
robbery is enormous, amounts to nothing, corrects
nothing, if such be the state of things.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. DAVIS. I will take my seat, if the Sena-
tor pleases, in a minute.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question the Senator
put I desire to answer.
Mr. DAVIS. I am addressing myself to the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. That is against the rtile^ you
ought to address the Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. I look to the Chair but speak
to you. [Laughter.] Now,sir, I ask the Senator
from New Hampshire to enter on this work as a
business man, in the detail of his duties as chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs; let him
hunt up and ferret out these enoimous corruptions;
let him ascertain who are the men that are engaged
in them; let him introduce measures to reform
these corruptions and to bring the me"h who are
so corrupt and who are such thieves and plun-
derers to the public notice arid to punishment and
scorn.
Sir, I got up merely to make an expostulation
with the Senator, and to bring his attention to the
plain duty that devolves upon him as one of the
ablest members of this body and as chairman of
one of its most important committees, to reveal,
to reform, to punish, to expose, and to bring to
infamy and contempt both the corruption and the
thieves and plundeieis that have been so largely
engaged in that infamous work.
Mr. HOWARD. I call for the special ord'er.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I appeal to the Senator
from Michigan 
Mr. HOWARD. I desire to go on with the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to say a single
word in reply to the question of the Senator from
Kentucky on the matter which has been discussed
this morning.
Mr. HOWARD. I must insist upon proceed-
ing with the consideration of the Pacific railroad
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the order of the
day, unless by unanimous consent it be laid aside.
Mr DOOLITTLE. I do not desire to speak
more than five minutes, I will say to my friend
from Michigan; and it seems very extraordinary,
after the long indulgence of this debate in refer-
ence to matters as to which I am one of a com-
mittee of investigation, to deny me the right to
say a few words.
Mr. CONNESS. I object to any further con-
sideration ofthat subject to-day. TheSenatorcan
have abundant time hereafter. The Pacific rail-
road bill awaits consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. With the indulgence of the
Senator from Michigan I will make one remark.
I do not rise to make any expostulation or to offer
any argument 
Mr. CONNESS. I have objected to allowing
the Senator from Wisconsin to proceed. Why
should I object to his going on, and allow the
Senator from Massachusetts to proceed ? I ob-
ject, sir.
  Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will'bear in
