THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 1, 1864.
New Series No. 213.
which have not yet assumed so definite a shape
as to be extended on the books of the Treasury
Department; so that we have now a debt of about
§2,619,000,000, which, atsix per cent., will make
our interest §155,140,000 per annum upon our
debts up to this time. Instead of six per cent.,
Government is paying over twelve, allowing for
the difference between gold which it pays and the
legal-tender notes. We can hardly hope that with
the greatest success of our armies, and even if
politicians will let them alone, we can finish the
war without the expenditure of $1,000,000,000
more; so that at six percent., in the happiest con-
dition of things, we must pay an annual interest
of $247,140,000. But revolutions rarely move
backwaids, and although that wasteful extrava-
gance which now marks the Administration will
doubtless, and must through mere necessity, be
checked in the future, still, taking into considera-
tion ou *luigely increased Navy, the necessity for
an Army of some magnitude, and the additional
expenses arising from the numerous officers ne-
cessary to collectyouradditionsl internal revenue
and import duties, |150,000,000 are a small esti-
mate for future annual expenses; and therefore,
including interest, those expenses cannot be less
than §397,140,000. To this must be added still
another item of no inconsiderable magnitude, but
as to which I have not the data to make even a
rough estimate. Youcannotabaudon thesiekaud
wounded soldiers, and care for them must be an
additional charge upon the Treasury; at leasltwo
hundred thousand wasted fiames and broken arms
and legs will be a monument to that paity which
at Chicago a few years ago inauguiated the era
of fiee speech, free soil, and free press.
But even without this large item, it will be seen
that $397,001),000 is the annual amount which the
industual interests of this country must give to
the Government. I am not convinced even by
the eloquence of the honorable gentleman fiom
New York, [Mr. Stcbeins,] to which I listened
early in the session, that we can pay that amount
in any other way than by the labor of the country.
We all love to hug a pleasant delusion, and
would gladly turn from the contemplation of
opposing armies and bloody battle-fields in the
South, and of dull figures and giant debts beie,
to the Arcadia of the past and the Utopia of d learn-
ing philosophers. 1 listened with intense delight
the other day to the honorable gentleman as he
described m glowing language the fertile prairies
of the West and rich mines of California and the
Territories out of which these debts were to be
paid. Under tile magic of his voice, the charmed
senses already began to behold the golden peaks
of western mountains glitter m the sunlight, and
to see the cloud-compelling god descend upon the
quickening earth, like Jupiter upon Dan®, ill a
shower of gold, so that we would need only to
gather her wealth from tin; lap of rich am! beauti-
ful nature. Hut unfortunately the gifts of the
gods become valuable to man only under the touch
of labor, and these golden visions are as baseless
as fancy stocks in Wall street. The mines ol
the far West cannot be made directly available
in payment of our debts; they require for their
development too much skill, capital, and label.
The hardy miner must traverse a trackless wil-
derness, exposed to the inclemency of the weather
and the hostility of man; and almost without
shelter, frequently without food, he must toil on
m his painful enterprise; he is foitunate, indeed,
if'tile results ill precious metal ate mote valuable
than would be the result of like exertion either in
the cultivation of fields or 111 the workshop of
mechanics.
1 have been informed by gentlemen of gi eat in-
telligence from California, and their statement has
been confirmed by my own limited experience,
of persons who have gone from Wisconsin that
while an occasional fbi lunate adventurer becomes
rich among the mines, still, if' you take the aver-
age of one thousand petsons engaged in mining,
they a re not better paid than to i like labor in other
pursuits. Where, then, is slie margin of profit
of which Government may avail itself? Be-
213
sides, for the discovery of mines, individual en-
terprise, stimulated by hope of gain, is neces-
sary. Some percentage upon actual earnings
Government may perhaps require; but the chief
influence of these mines in diminishing the pub-
lic debt will be indirect. As they are developed
and vast sums, multiplied in effect by means of
the paper currency system, go into circulation,
the value of property will increase with the ex-
tension of the standard by which value is determ-
ined; and while the number of dollars which we
owe will not be less, the burden and importance
of it will be less by the increased value of that
out of which it is to be paid. Much of the enor-
mous increase of wealth in this country from
1850 to 1860, as shown by the tables, &c., is due
to this cause, and is theiefore only apparent and
not real. *
I have thus discussed this question, and endeav-
ored to show that all tiiose vast sums owing by
Government are a charge upon the industrial in-
terests of the country, in order to demonstrate the
necessity of greater economy and of more caution
in the creation of debts. If we, to encourage the
spirit of wild speculation and cram the coffers of
those already rich, give away the millions neces-
sary for a war of extermination, to that extent we
moi tgage the bones and sinews of the laborers of
the country out of whose soie earnings the debt
must be paid; our action niusl be responded to
by sorrowing hearts and aching limbs. Let no
one suppose that because Government taxes and
national wealth are not immediately paid by the
hand of the laborer that they do not come from
him. All large national debts are a system by
which capital robs labor, a system which changes
the natural relation of mutual dependence and
stiict alliance between them to the reveise, and
places capital as a burden upon labor, like the old
man of the mountain upon the shoulders of Sill-
bad the sailor, and we must get rid of the idea
that the North is now prosperous and growing
rich'. It amounts only to this, that by resort to a
strictly papercurrency we have mm e than doubled
the circulating medium, and with it the apparent
value of property. Contractoisarescattering their
easily-won wealth of notes among the people;
everybody has luspocketa fullof paper. Every-
body is disposed to enjoy the new tidies; woik-
sliops and farms are deserted, ami there is a gen-
era! insh for cars, hotels, and watering-places.
Insolent vuliauty flaunts ill brocades and |ewels;
upstart wealth, the fungus of a night, rolls in its
chariot; railroad monopolies show increased earn-
ings; the stock market is up and Wall stieet in
a fever. But this is not real prosperity; it is as
delusiveas that bestowed by Mephistopheles and
Faust upon the Kaiser, and fully as fatal to the
best interests of the country.
In the mean time, m the far South, the wolk of
destruction is going on. Our brave soldiers, the
bone, the sinew, the life-blood of thecounti y,are
gradually wasting ill battle oryielding to disease.
Let me nutbe misunderstood. A divided country
would be certain destruction; the rebellion must
be suppressed at every cost of blood and treas-
ure. Nor do I have any faith in peace proposi-
tions made directly to Jeff. Davis and his armed
hordes; but I would lnsciibeupon every banner,
so that all the world might see and know it, " the
Constitution as it is," without an additional t
crossed or 1 dotted. There is not a hue ill that
Constitution winch is not worth a whole genera-
tion of modem politicians. Then, sir, peace prop-
ositions should be read on a line of glittering bay-
onets, should be thundered forth from the can-
non's mouth, and theory of" Onward I" should be
echoed from the whole North again united, and no
politicians should again stay the course of our
victorious armies or rescue the rebel capital from
the hands of ourgenerals. I recognize the princi-
ple that the relation ofmaster to slave must yield to
the higher relations of subject to Government, and
that as our armies progress the shackles of slaves of
disloyal masters should be broken and the slave
become forever free. The advance of our aimies
should be stayed just where military opposition
ceases. When, however, the battle has been won,
and our erring brethren of the South are ready
to return to their allegiance, we should have wis-
dom and generosity enough to make a conquest,
(necessary to give value to victory, but more diffi-
cult than that over their armies,) a conquest of
their reason and hearts. And especially, having
assumed in vindication of the Constitution the
highest power which man can assume from his
Creator, that of taking human life, we should show
by our own regard for that instrument that such
assumption was not hypocrisy.
But the majority of those in power seem to
have adopted the maxim that propositions from
the other side looking to a restoration of Govern-
ment and*cessatiou of hostilities should not be
received, and that this warshould continue for the
freedom of the slave and confiscation of Southern
property; or, in other words, it is to be a war of
extermination so far as the war material of the
rebellious States is concerned, because it is not
to be supposed that they will submit tosuch terms
so long as any one is left to fight. As the North
has a majority, with the sacrifice of a like number
of northern lives, it may succeed in the wareven
on this basis. What, then, will be the condition of
the country? The fictitious prosperity will dis-
appear and a prostration proportionate to the in-
tensity of the stimulus under which it had before
been, and to the tremendous efforts-it has made,
will extend over the whole country. Uis idle to
hope the reverse, as it is the universal law of na-
ture; each man feels it m his own system as the
effect of over-exertion. The soldiers on both
sides are taken chiefly from the industrial clnsses,
and constitute the very life of the nation; of these,
according to the programme of these revolution-
ists, all belonging to the South and a like number
from the North will have been sacrificed.
Where, then, will be the labor to cultivate your
fields, supply your workshops, and keep in op-
eration your factories ? Who will pay the debt?
A Government which hitherto has been known
solely for the blessings of wealth and protection
it has brought will then be known chiefly through
the tax-gatherer. Discontent will follow taxation,
jealousy between different sections and interests
as to the proportion of the national burden each
shall bear will follow discontent. Utterly ex-
hausted in this terrible struggle, we shall be ex-
posed alike to foreign and "domestic foes. The
Mormons have not forgotten their persecution
either in Illinois or Missouri, nor have they for-
gotten the desire for separate sovereignty of
which their conduct has given so many evidences.
Quietly seated in his remote fastnesses, through
whose mountain barriers not even streams can
find an outlet, but sink into the earth, where a
few thousand can defend themselves against a
host, Brigbam Young is watching the process of
mutual destruction going on among us. _ He will
not fail to seize the opportunity of national ex-
haustion.
The Pacific States, now so true and loyal, if
cut off by Utah rebellion from overland commu-
nication with the East may begin to consider
whether they receive more of taxation than pro-
tection; may they not look at the central Gov-
ernment, so changed from its Federal form as
to be almost a consolidated one, a Government
trebly inconvenient for States so remote from the
center, and conclude that it was the Constitution
and Government which our fathers so wisely
framed to which they had given their hearts?
And as you make new requisitions upon them
may they not exclaim, in view of their changed
relations to the central Government, JVon hoe in
fcedera veni. These evils I do not believe will
arise; they may be absolutely avoided, but the
way to avoid danger is not by closing our eyes
to its existence, but by looking it boldly in the
face and taking wise precautions against it. The
i first duty of Congress relates to nanonalfmnnces;
i the money and ciedit of Government should be
| considered a sacied trust for ihe immediate and
I pressing necessities of the whole nation; not &
1 dollar should be drawn for any purpose not ab-
