1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W5
are at once to be free. No provision is made to
compensate the owner of the wife and children if
they happen to be slaves, and it of course only ap-
plies to such wives and children as are slaves, those
who are to be set free, and not those who are now
free.
But independent of that, and assuming that that
of itself would not be a sufficient objection to the
bill, there is another gimmd upon which I think
the bill as it stands is objectionable. From the
beginning of the Government up to the present
time, as far as I am advised—I mean to the com-
ing in of the present Administration—it has been
the conceded doctrine that slavery within the
States was an institution depending entirely upon
the constitution and laws of the State, with which
the Government of the United States had no
authority at all to interfere. That was certainly
the view entertained by the Convention by whom
the Constitution was framed. It was certainly
the view entertained in each one of the State con-
ventions of the people by which the Constitution
was adopted, and has with equal truth certainly
been the course pursued by the Government up to
the coming in of the present Administration.
I have not by me what has been called the Chi-
cago platform; but, according to my recollection
of it, and in that particular I do not think I can
be wrong, it announced the same principle as the
one to be pursued by the incoming or the prob-
able incoming Administration. Nor have I the
inaugural of the President who was elected upon
that platform, or the messages which from time
to time he has sent to the Congress of the United
States since he became President, but according
to my recollection, in no one of his official papers
has he attempted to claim for the Government of
the United States any authority to interfere with
the institution of slavery as it exists by the laws
of the State. So far from it, in his original proc-
lamation that was followed up eventually by the
proclamation emancipating the slaves, he ex-
pressly confined the operation of that proclamation
to slaves within the States where there existed a
rebellion as against the authority of the United
States. He excepted all Maryland; he excepted
Kentucky; he excepted portions of Virginia; he
excepted portions of Louisiana; and, as I under-
stood, he thought that he was bound to make those
exceptions because of his want of power to de-
clare slavery at an end except as a war measure.
According to his view the authority which the
exigencies of the war might give him did not ex-
tend to the States in which there existed no re-
bellion against the authority of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, I represent the State of
Maryland in part, and the Senate are not to be
told, whatever disaffection there may have been
among certain citizens ofMaryland,howevet\they
may have sympathized to agreater or toa less ex-
tent with this rebellion, and however some of them
might have been willing to have Muryland con-
stitute part of the confederacy which has grown
out of the rebellion, that Maryland has from the
first of this rebellion been true to her constitutional
duty. Her laws have never for a moment been
silent; nor has the duty of any of her function-
aries, as far as I am advised, been other than that
of perfect loyalty to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. She therefore stands, as I think, and
I submit it to the Senate, entitled precisely to the
same protection with reference to tins domestic
institution that she was entitled to before the re-
bellion broke out. I suppose that to bo perfectly
clear. Not having been out of the Union practi-
cally; on the contrary, always avowing herself
to be in the Union in heart as well as m deed, she
is just as much entitled to have such of her do-
mestic institutions as the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States protected, or over which the authoiity
of the United States could not be extended, as
Massachusetts or Vermont, or any other State in
which this particular institution docs not exist, is
entitled to have their own domestic concerns un-
affected by the authority of the General Govern-
ment.
We cannot interfere here with any of the insti-
tutions of Massachusetts. Massachusetts now,
owing to her enterprise, owing to that wonderful
enterprise, coupled with the inventive ingenuity
of her people and their ever untiring industry, has
not only not suffered by the war—materially I
mean, except that suffering in which we are all
sharers, the loss of our citizens—but on the con-
trary she has been growing rich. The statistics
show that nearly all of the manufacturing estab-
lishments of Massachusetts that were before lan-
guishing are now in a condition of the most per-
fect prosperity. Where stock was worthless it
is now more than a hundred per cent, above par.
Where no dividends were being received, the most
extraordinary dividends are n.ow being received.
Suppose it was proposed by a Senator from Mary-
land by legislation, which, in my judgment, would
be equally within the province of the Senate or of
Congress, to interfere with that particular kind of
industiy which is now so profitable to Massachu-
setts. Her Senators would at once say, "That is
a matter over which you have no power, with
which you have no concern; the Constitution of
the United States never contemplated permitting
you to come within the limits of Massachusetts
and direct her industry."
Now what is our condition ? We have thought
—we are about to change our opinion as I think—
that it was very material to the industry of Mary-
land that she should have the right to have'com-
pulsory labor, and our laws recognized it. The
Constitution of the United States recognizes and
provides in a certain contingency for its protec-
tion. What right have you to interfere ? There
is and can be but one ground ;foi if the Constitu-
tion of the United States does not give the power
in words, if, on the contrary, the power is nega-
tived by express provisions of the Constitution,
it can only exist on the ground of military neces-
sity; nothing else. I can understand that that ne-
cessity may be resorted to and made the foundation
of action on the part of Congress in any legislation
which Congress may think advisable as against
the rebellious States; and the ground upon which
I think so, and a majority of the people of the
United States think so, and a majority of the Sen-
ate think so, and the Executive thinks so, is that,
if this labor is left undisturbed the armies of the
rebels will continue to be supported; they maybe
kept in the field; every man capable of bearing
arms may be called out without any danger at all
that the State is to suffer in its material wealth,
because the laboring population is a slave popu-
lation.
Now, I can very readily see, and I felt the force
of it at the first, and I never doubted the right
from thefnst—and Congress must decide foritself
whether the exigency arises, and perhaps the
Executive is to decide for itself whether the ex-
igency arises—Congress or the Executive, as the
case may bo, has the right to decide for itself
whether if is advisable to declare this compulsory
labor at an end, so as to take from the rebellious
States the means of carrying on their warfare.
That has been done; and I tlnnk ithas been done
with very good results to a certain extent. But
as the power to interfere is to be found alone in
the necessity which war has produced, and that
war is a war as against the seceding States, I
want to know upon what ground of reason is it,
upon what ground, I was about to say, of pro-
priety is it—I use the term in no offensive sense—
supposed or can be supposed, that you have a
right to mteifere with this institution in a loyal
State whose sons are standing shoulder to shoulder
with yourselves, periling life and health and for-
tune to support the Government?
if I should be restrained, as I certainly would
be restrained by what I should consider imperative
duty, from refraining to advocate on the floor of
the Senate or anywhere else any measure which
would strike at the industry of Massachusetts—
I select Massachusetts only for illustration—over
which the Constitution of the United States gives
us no authority and upon the ground that there
existed no necessity for such an interference look-
jj ing to the end to be achieved, the suppression of
i the rebellion, it seems to me necessarily to result, j
when I ask for Maryland, or my friend from j
Missouri [Mr. Henderson-] asks for Missouri, j
that you shall not interfere with this particular j
institution nf ours, that you do not put yourself j
j upon the ground on which you have heretofore
stood, and the only ground,as I think, upon which
you can stand.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
I ask him a question?
| Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly,
i Mr. GRIMES. Do I understand the Senator to
1 admit that in order to put down the rebellion, if
I it becomes necessary in order to suppress the re-
bellion, that we have a right to interfere with-tie
affairs of Massachusetts?
Mr, JOHNSON. Certainly I do.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I suppose this is a mere
question of expediency as to whether it is neces-
sary in order to raise soldiers that we should do
this thing in Maryland. s
Mr. JOHNSON. I will speak of that in a
moment. Mr. President, there is in every Govern-
ment, and must be in every Government—in the
sense in which the term has been used in the past—
what may be called a higher law; and that exists*
in my judgment, in every nation which finds itself
unable under the restrictions of the Constitution
suited to a time of peace, or if suited to a time of
war found impotent to that end, to go outside of
the Constitution and adopt measures that may be
found to be absolutely necessary to preserve the
life of the nation. I say boldly, and haye always
said, that if the life' of the American nation de-
pends upon transcending any of the particular*
powers of the Government, I would transcend
them; and if I was President of the United States,
and Congress was not in session, and I believe^
that any foreign nation was about to assail the
United States and there was no constitutional rem*
edy to save us from the pollution of their foot-
steps, I would assume the responsibility, and trust
to the good sense and the patriotism of the country
to defend me.
But I want to know, sir, when my friend'from
Iowa says that this is a mere plan of raising men,
what he means. Does he mean to say that you can-
not raise a black man and get him into the service
of the United States without setting free his wife
and his children, no matter where they are? Has
that been found true in the past?
Mr. GRIMES. I will answer the Senator's
question. I understand it has been true in the
past, and especially in the Senator's own State.
1 understand that efforts have been made to raise
troops in the State of Maryland, and thatcolored
men object to going into the service because they
say they are unwilling to leave their families—
their wives and their little ones who are dear to
them—still in slavery, to be thrust hither and yon,
carricd out of the State or transferred to sonic
other master, while they Arc serving the country
and helping to hold up its flag. It is for that rea-
son, and for that reason alone, that I am disposed
to vote for this proposition. I understand that to
be so; and I have it from the very best military
authority; and the chairman on Military Affairs
will bear testimony to that fact.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is not the only instance,
Mr. President, if the Senator will permit me to
say so, in which I have discovered that it is ne-
cessary to go out of our State to ascertain what
its actual condition is. I rather think I should
be just as likely to know the feelings of the State
as the honorable member from Iowa, or those
from whom he derives his information; and so far
as the particular fact is concerned, I have yet to
know thatany man who was able to beararms and
whom the military authority of the United States
wished to beararms has not, whether he willed or
no, been compelled to bear arms. Itisnotavol-
unteering, in the sense in which we use the term.
It is, with reference to our slaves,a conscription,
literally.
Mr. GRIMES. I profess to have no knowl-
edge personally on the subject. Iam not familiar
with the slave population or the white population
of the State of Maryland. I have stated the au-
thority upon which I have made my statement:
that of the military gentlemen to whom the duty
of enlisting colored men is intrusted in the State
of Maryland; und I think lean appeal to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs for the
truth of what i say as to their report.
Mr. JOHNSON. I certainly did not doubt
that the Senator from Iowa stated what he did
state upon information -which he derived from
others. I do not doubt that at all.
Now, as to the difficulty of raising men, no man
on the floor of the Senate or outof ithas a higher
regard for the State of Massachusetts than I have.
11is owing tocauscs coeval with the existence of
the Government, and antecedent to the existence
of the Government. There is no State in the
Union which during the struggle for our inde-
pendence more gloriously sustained all the prin-
ciples offreedom than Massachusetts; nor is there
any State in the Union since—she had swerved at
