3394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
solutely demanded by good faith in national ex-
igencies. Taxation, wnich is just when there-
suits are applied" to objects of vital importance to
the nation, becomes mere robbery when the mon-
eys are thrown away upon local schemes or po-
litical favorites. Let us reject every proposition
of the kind, and render lighter and less annoying
the burden of taxation by showing that the whole
nation is benefited by each dollar paid into the
Treasury; that nothing is wasted. Our next duty
is a similar one; we have tried our credit long
enough; and it is time we should begin to pay.
Every subject of taxation should pay its fair pro-
portion; no one should attempt or be permitted
to attempt to throw its obligations upon the
shoulders of others. The members of Congress
should consult together in the spirit of candor,
justice, and moderation. Those efforts of sections
to escape ftom sharing the national burdens,
which have produced so much discontent, ought
to be discountenanced, and all should be willing
not only to demand justice but to do justice. In
considering the amount of taxation vfrhich each
branch of business can bear we ought also to
consider the indirect advantages which it derives
from our financial system; because no one should
be permitted to speculate upon the miseries ofthe
country. We should abandon the system inaugu-
rated by this Congress of sacrificing in taxation
the interests of the Treasury to building up local
interests and advancing private speculations.
Above all, those animosities created by polit-
ical ambition and love of office (always indicating
an entire want of true patriotism) should disap-
pear. Near the graves of the mighty dead,in the
presence of a country which in its death-struggle
and in its terrible agony is dropping blood from
every pore, let the passions and clamor of parties
be hushed.
Think of President-making during a nation's
sorrow, while one half of the North is clothed in
mourning, fathers lamenting the death of sons,
children calling in vain for a father, sisters bend-
ing over a brother's grave, and mothers weeping
for their children, and, like Rachel, refusing to
be comforted, because they are not! Let us ap-
proach each subject pertaining to the safety of the
country with the reverence of one treading on
holy ground. This House is powerful for good
or evil; its influence either to excite or allay the
fierce and destructive spirit of faction goes forth
to the country increased a thousand-fold through
the mighty agencies of the press.
If in this House moderation and justice, union
and harmony prevail, the effect will be felt in the
most remote poitionsof the North; it will give
new energy to enlistments and a new spirit to
the Army, and while it will not subdue armed
foes, it will secure to us the fruits of victory, it
will not capture the rebel capital, but after our
armies have taken that stronghold of rebellion it
will make it the stronghold of loyalty. Under
such an influence, aided by the valor of our troops,
peace will again return to our land, the Consti-
tution and law be triumphant over brute force, and
the capacity of man fur self-government be vindi-
cated from those doubts which the circumstances
of this war have thrown around it.
The huge debt which now overshadows us
will be felt, it is true, as a punishment for past
transgression, but its bulk will gradually be di-
minished before the skill of our artisans and the
vigor of our laborers, aided by economy and pru-
dence here. Then we may do something "tame
than utter vain threats against the infringement by
foreign Powers of the Monroe doctrine—we may
make our threats good. The old dream of em-
pire extending from the Arctic ocean to the Isth-
mus may return; and the armies of the Union
may again plant our banner resplendent with stars
upon the walls of Mexico, and this time not as
conquerors, but deliverers.
" But," says the priest of Moloch who has in-
truded himself before the altar of God; " but,"
says each petty Robespierre, ambitious on Ameri-
can soil to introduce the bloody shambles of revo-
lutionary France; " but," echoes each driveling
politician; '♦but," repeats the fat office-holder,
who, having belonged toevery party and betrayed
each in torn, and, always upon the crest of the
wave of popular passion, never had and never ex-
pects to have clothes to Ins back or food for his
stomach not paid for out of the public Treasury;
"but," exclaim the hordes of contractors, pay-
masters, Army sutlers, and petty officials; " but
slavery is the cause of the war, and it will not an-
swer to have peace and union and national life
again without destroying this cause." Like a thou-
sand other things popularly repeated as truisms,
this is false. Slavery is not the cause of the war.
The North was opposed to slavery, and in the
North there was none. The South desired sla-
very, and the South had it. The slaves themselves
were quiet. Even now, hearing the notes of the
Union trumpet and seeing the flash of Union can-
non, three million slaves, guarded by old men,
women, and children alone, utter no sound of dis-
content, and prefer slavery to one blow for freedom.
Politicians are the cause of the war, politicians
Noi th and South; who, unable or unwilling to win
office and power by honest means, have sought
them by fomenting sectional jealousies and fac-
tions. To their aid came the pulpit, which in the
South taught the divine right of human bondage,
and in the North the Christian duty of cutting
slaveholders' throats. Slavery was the effect, but
was no more the cause than property is the cause
of robbery or life the cause of murder.
If, then, it beproposed to abolish the true cause,
" politicians," not only will an " Amen" go up
to heaven from the entire nation, but with their
removal peace and union would be restored without
another battle. "Slavery is dead," exclaim an-
other class of patriots. Then why not bury it by
the highway as other dead dogs are buried; why
bring it into this House or throw its carcase as a
stumbling-block in the pathway of our armies?
Slavery is not dead, but has inflicted upon itself
a fatal wound. Let it alone, and in a restored
Union it will die of wounds inflicted by its own
hands, without a subversion of Governmentand
without a violation on our part of the oath we
have taken to support the Constitution. It will die
off fully as rapidly as we can discover the means
of disposing of the emancipated slaves. In West
Virginia, in Missouri, in Maryland, and Dela-
ware, it is substantially destroyed. And Ken-
tucky, too, generous Kentucky, the home of pa-
triots and orators, Kentucky, which, never clamor-
ing foraid to itself from the General Government,
has always come to the rescue of New England
when it asked protection for its manufactures or
bounties for its fishermen; Kentucky, abused and
persecuted by the radicals, will itself soon see its
interest in getting rid of the incubus of slavery,
provided the meddling abolitionists will allow its
people time to reflect. Hut whatever of truth there
may be m these views, our duty in the matter
before us is a simple one: it is to observe our
oaths of office and look to the Constitution in us
Hue spirit as our rule of action.
Mr. DAWES. 1 now call the previous ques-
tion upon the joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to allow me to offer an amend-
ment. 1 will not detain the House by comment-
ing upon it.
Mr. DAWES. I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question to hear what the amend-
ment of the gentleman is.
Mr. STEVENS, if the gentleman will not
allow me to olfer an amendment unless it should
exactly suit hun, I suppose it is hardly necessary
to have it read.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will not al-
low me first to know what his amendment is I
will renew my demand fur the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the House will vote
down the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. DAWES. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The question was taken; and it wasderided in
the affii mauve—yeas 80, nuys 46, not voting 56;
as follows:
YEAS—Me-^rs.William J. Alien, Allison, Ancona, An
gu-tub C. Baldwin, iieaman, Blair, Bh s, Blow, Boyd,
Brooks, Broomall, James S. Bunvu, Cole, (Jox, Henry
Winter D.iv^, Thomas T Davis*. Dawson, Deming, Dciu-
son, Pixnn, Driggs, Eden, Ediji-Mton, Fmelc,
Gi iswold, Hale, Uerriok, IIi<>by, Holuian, Asihel W. Hub-
bard, John IJ. >lubb;tid. Hniiuird. Jenekes, William John-
son, Kiilbflei^eh, Kfllev, Fiance W. Ke)lo<r<r, Kernan,
Knapp. Law, La/,-ar. Loan. Lo^t'en*, \U\\ll!«-ter, Mc-
Dowell, Melndoe, Me Kinney, ri:unu<-l F. Miller, Mooi head,
James It. Morn^on, Annus Myer*-, Leonaid Myers.,
Norton, Charier O'Neill, Orth, Pendleton, Perhmn, Peiry,
Radi'oid, Samuel J. llandall, Robm&on, Rois, Schenck,
Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers. William G Steele, Ste-
vens, Stiles, Stron^e, Stuait,Tluyei, WelMei. Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Williams, and Wi.kJoih—80.
NAYS—Messis. Alley, Ames*, Anderson. Ashley, Bitty,
John D. Baldwin, Blaine, Uoutwell, William G. Biown,
Ohanler. Cobb, Dawe-?, Donnelly, Kekl-'j, F.uns-
woiUi, Can-on, Gooch, Harding, Benjamin G Harris,
Chailes M. iiarrK Hooper, Hutcluns, Julian, Knox, Lit-
tlejolm, Long, Malloiy, Marey, MeClurg, Moinil, Odeli,
John O'Neill, Pike, Pomctoy, John H. Rice, Edwaul H.
Rollins, Jamps S. Rollins. Scofield, Thomas, Upson, Van
Vulkenburgh, Eiihu B. Wa^himtne, William B. Wash-
burn, Whaley. and Winfield—lo.
NOT VOTING—James C. Allen, Arnold, Bax-
ter, ftratidegee, Ambrose W. Claik, Fieernan Clarke, Clay,
Cotfroih, Ctaven-, Creswell, Durnont. Eld) ultra, Feiiton,
Frank. G<u field, Grulei, Giinnell, Hall, Uai t m^ion, Hoteh-
kisd, IngeiMdl, Philip Johnson, Kas-son, Oilando Kello<r<i,
Ki.12, Le Blond, Mai via, McBride,Middleton, William II.
Miller, Daniel Moiris, Nelson, Noble, Patterson, Puce,
Piuvn, William II. Randall, Alexander II llice, Ro^eis,
Scott, Spalding, Stair, Stelibms. John B. Steele, Sweat,
Traej, Vooihees, Wad^voiih, Waid, Wheeler, Wilder,
Wil-on, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbudge,
and Yeaman—oG.
vSo the whole subject was laid on the table.
Dining the call of the roll,
Mr. DENISON stated that Mr. Miller, of
Pennsylvania, was confined to his room by sick-
ness.
Mr. NOBLE stated that he had paittd with
Mr. Garfield.
Mr. MARVIN stated that he had paired with
Mr. Harrington.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the subject was laid on
the table; and also moved tti lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR DAVID II. HASTINGS.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced an act for the relief of Major David H.
Hastings; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back the Senate amendments
to House bill No. 527, makmgappropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for tlie
year ending June 30, 1865, and for other pur-
poxes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to con-
sidering these amendments in the House?
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I object.
The amendments were referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended,and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pendle-
ton in the chair,) and proceeded to the consider-
ation of the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. II. No. 527) making: appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 39th June, 1865, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest that where there is
no objection to the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, it will be considered
agreed to.
The recommendations of the Committee of
Ways and Means on the various Senate amend-
ments were agreed to without division, except
in the following cases, where special action was
taken:
Eighth amendment of the Senate:
To eli.tuge Tiber creek, whete it now rmii through the
botanic e-mlen,into a ^ewei,.$10,1.7J, to he expended under
the direetion of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
The Committee of Ways and Means lecom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, that is one
of the items which was in this appropriation bill
when first reported. But it was struck out then.
It appropriates over ten thousand dollars to a
purpose that is not essentially necessary. We
have got along with this classical stream in its
present condition a great many years, and it seems
to me that the usual argument that this is no tune
for tins expenditure applies to this appropnauon.
I hope this appropriation will not be made, and
that no more money will be expended about this
