THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
times, swerved perhaps from a superfluity of love
for freedom—that has done more to sustain the
cause of constitutional freedom that Massachu-
setts. I am not one of those, therefore, who would
consent, if it depended on my consent whether
the event should happen or not, that^>ny Union
should be re-formed leaving Massachusetts out.
I want Massachusetts in. So far as dependsupon
my voice she will never, be permitted to go out,
eyen if she desired it. „I want to share in the glo-
ries which she has won" for the Government. I
feel a pride just £3 intense as can be felt by the
Senators from Massachusetts in that noble old
State.
But I was about to say that, so far as my inform-
ation goes, there is a great deal more difficulty in
getting men in Massachusetts just now than there
is in Maryland'. Why were both the honorable
members from Massachusetts, I think, certainly
one of them, so anxious to be permitted to go into
to£her 'States, to get substitutes and to have them
"credited to tlie quota of Massachusetts ? Whydid
they wantto getour slaveshnd have them credited
to Massachusetts? I do not blame them, but why
was it> Massachusetts wanted the labor of her
men at home. She could spare money much more
readily than she could spare men. I think that
the number of slaves recruited in Maryland within
the last year numbers upward of four thousand.
1 doubt very much—I do not speak from knowl-
edg«-r-wiietfier Massachusetts has within that time
recruited so many new men.
We do not propose to go into Massachusetts for
the purpose of getting men there and having them
credited to our quota. We think we are able
to raise our quota among ourselves, and we are
raising the quota among our own slaves under the
authority of the General Governmont; so that, as
far as the necessity for raising men is concerned,
upou which the honorablo member from Iowa
places, as lie supposes, the constitutional author-
ity to pass this legislation, lie might as well go into
Massachusetts^ and interfere with any of the do-
mestic institutions of Massachusetts, and put it
upon the ground, 11 Down with your factories; re-
peal your acts of incorporation; stop your spin-
ales; because it is your manufactories, your cor-
porations, and your spindles that make it your
interest to stay at home and not to fight the battles
of the country if you can get anybody else to fight
them for you." I am sure that the honorable
member from Towa would not suppose that any
legislation of that description would be constitu-
tional upon the ground that it is necessary to raise
men.
But, sir, as I think, and f speak it with ail that
respect which I sincerely entertain for the honor-
able member from Iowa, it is rather injurious to
the reputation of the United States to maintain
legislation of this kind upon theground that with-
out it we cannot raise men. 1 have already said
that let the necessity exist, and although I could
not do it under the exact terms of the constitu-
tional authority, [ would support tlie Government
and preserve the nation. I would not suffer tile
heritage which is ours to be lost by insisting upon
a strict and literal enforcement of constitutional
restriction. That is one tiling; but being satis-
fied, as I am, that we are abundantly able to sup-
port the Government without violating the Con-
stitution, then in my judgment it is as much my
duty to protest against this legislation now as it
would have been my duty if it had been proposed
before the rebellion broke out.
Tint there is another thing. When did thcSena-
torf'rom Iowa, or those upon whose information he
speaks, find that the slave men of Maryland alone,
or rather the wives and the children of the slave
men of Maryland, are to be affected by this bill?
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the necessity docs not
exist.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not state that the people
of Maryland alone would be affected by this bill.
The Senator misunderstood me if he understood
me as saying that. 1 only referred to Maryland
as an illustration of the general proposition. I
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not misunderstand you. l!
I did not mean to say that the Senator bad stated '
that. Sir, the bill provides that e slave enlisted
anywhere, no matter where he may be, whethci he
be within Maryland or out of Maryland, whether
he be within any other of the loyal States or out
of the loyal States altogether, is at once to vvoik
the emancipation of his wife and his children.
He may be in South Carolina; and many a slave
in South Carolina, I am sorry to say it, can well
claim to have a wife, or perhaps wives and chil-
dren, within the limits of Maryland. Itis one of
the vices and the horrible vices of the institution,
one that has shocked me from infancy to the pres-
ent hour, that the whole marital relation is dis-
regarded. They are made to be practically and
by education forgetful or ignorant of that relation.
When I say they are educated, I mean to say they
are kept in absolute ignorance, and out of that,
immorality of every description arises, and among
the other immoralities is that the connubial rela-
tion does not exist.
Now, pass this bill, and you will find it very
difficult to prove who has a wife, or how many
wives he has. I am not sure if they are not re-
pealed in Maryland; but many of the laws ori-
ginally, as they were in Maryland, certainly in
some of the States, prohibit marriage. The law
in Maryland docs not prohibit marriage entirely,
but prohibits it except with the consent of the
master, either of a man or woman. Where it
was prohibited altogether there was no marriage.
To omit to use the term which would be applica-
ble to such a condition of things, they lived to-
gether, but were never man and wife except in the
eye of Heaven. How are you going to ascertain
whether a man taken here in Virginia has a wife
in Maryland ? lie will say so, and he will prove
that the woman whom lie claims to be his wife
once associated with linn. But that, according to
our laws, is not marriage; that of course does not
constitute husband and wife. 1 do not think I
can be much mistaken in saying that unless you
mean to recognize as marriage that which is not
marriage, but anything else, the law will bo inef-
fective; and if you do mean to recognize as mar-
riage that which is not marriage, you clearly vio-
late the Constitution; because, I suppose, if any-
thing euii be moie tiue than anything else it is
that over the concerns of marriage the States
have exclusive jurisdiction. What contest there
will lie if you pass this law I There will be a
dozen women claiming freedom: " 1 am the wife,"
and " 1 am the wife," and " 1 am the wife," and
each will be able to provo it by precisely the same
evidence. [Laughter.] Honorable Senators are
laughing at very grave matters.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We can put in a proviso
that but one shall be allowed.
Mr. JOHNSON. But which is to be the one?
You do not limit it to Maryland. You pretend
to legislate for the slaves of Maryland. You do
away with the legislative authority of Maryland.
You say to her, " Hands off; it is a matter with
which you hav^nothing to do; we mean to eman-
cipate whoever—be she one or be she many—is
the wife or the wives that any man who goes into
our Army may have at the time he goes there."
Now, isitpioper,l was about to say, in no offen-
sive sense, is it decent to get up such a contest ?
I submit that it is not. I put it entirely upon the
ground of an absolute want of authority; which,
as I understand, no Senator will pretend to say
is i n the Constiml ion; I mean in any express pro-
vision to be found in the Constitution, or in any
implied auihoriiy to be found in the Constitution,
but exclusively upon the ground of militaiy ne-
cessity that you are to interfere with our institu-
tion and take it out of our own hands.
Mr. President, in speaking for Maryland in con-
nectiou^ with this topic, it is not to preserve the
institution at all. It has no other existence there
now than a legal one. There is not a slave there
legally who would bring at this day, in the pres-
ent state of things, ten dollars,except as hue. In
other words, they are all now free, flow made
free? You who think that the institution is one
which you have a light, and which youdo, m the
language of the Senator fiom Maine [Mr. Fr;s-
sejjuem] who spoke last yesteiday, hate, (1 am
not at all surprised at thai,) you tlinik, perhaps,
that you have destroyed the institution. It is a
great mistake. You had nothing to do with it.
Such few of you—I do not mean Senators; I mean
your people—such few of your people as desired
to do away Willi it, had as litl'e effect upon it as
the air of heaven, and not half as much; tor that
ought to have humanized, and does humanize, tbe
human heart; and the heart humanized, the in-
stitution, sooner or later, must expire. If litis
been put an md to by that sort of retributive jus-
tice which is sure, in the providence-of God, to
visit crime. The men who were here preaching
their treason from these desks, telegraphing from
these desks—I saw it, though I was not a mem-
ber, and my heart burned within me—for their
minions, or the deluded masses at home, to seize
upon the public property of the United States, its
forts, its means, its treasure, its material of war,
and who were seeking to seduce from their alle-
giance officers of the Army and Navy of the
United States—they have done it; and they were
told that such would be the result. They did not
believe it.. They believed that your representa-
tives would not have the firmness to try the wager
of battle. They believed—I have heard them say
so—that a southern regiment could march, with-
out resistance, successfully from Washington to
Boston, and challenge for themselves independ-
ence in Faneuil Hall. Saddelusion! Gross igno-
rance of the character of your people ! You were
fiee, and you knew its value. You are free and
you are brave, because you are free; and, as I have
told them over and over again, let the day come
when in their madness they should throw down
the gage of battle to the free States of the Union,
and the day of their domestic institution will have
ended. They have done it. I have said it was,
as against them, retributive justice. Hoping and
believing that their effort will be fruitless,,that
their treason will fail in its object, that the author-
ity of the Government will be sustained, and the
Union be preserved, 1 thank God that as a com-
pensation for the blood, the treasure, and the agony
which have been brought into our households,
and into yours, it lias stricken now and forever
this institution from its place among our States.
But 1 invoke, not as a petition—as the repre-
sentative of Maryland I am never here as a peti-
tioner, in the common acceptation of that term.
Iler revolutionary history speaks foi her, as that
of Massachusetts speaks for Massachusetts. She
has ever been loyal; temporary indications to the
contrary everybody among ourselves understood.
Some influential gentlemen, virtuous in every-
thing else, high-minded and honorable in every-
thing else, able to take rank in every deliberative
body with the wisest and the best that have ever
adorned this place, believed that it was to the in-
terest of Maryland to go with the South. They
believed, I have no doubtconscientiously,that the
time had come when the South had a light to lebel.
I endeavored, to the limit of my feeble ability, to
convince themof their errorfiom the first. Many
have become convinced; the progress of events
from time to time has destroyed the delusion; and
there exists now within the limits of the State as
film an attachmentfor the Union as isto be found
in any one of the States which yet constitute that
galaxy which I hope is to be shortly increased by
the return of all the States, to the delight of every
lover of fieedom the world ovci.
But I ask you, though not as a petitioner, do
not transcend the Constitution so as to wound
even the sensibility of our people. Be sure that
the necessity upon which you suppose that it
may be done exists; and if you can believe that
you cannot get our negroes, or men of African
descent wherever they may be found, into the mil-
itary service without declaring I hem, their wives,
and their children to be free, at least provide that
the owners of the wife and children shall be paid.
You did that heie when you abolished slaveiy in
the Distiict. Ours is a much stronger case for the
application of that rule of justice. You hate the
institution. I do not find fault with yon for that.
1 honor you for it. But we have been brought up
under different influences. We have been taught
to revere it. With some the teachings have had
no effect. With many they have had a vtry per-
suasive effect, and they still have. They believe,
and honestly believe, not only that the institution
is legal, and one over which you have no control,
but that it is of divine origin—madness, iireli-
gious,and unchristian, in my judgment—founded
upon the fact that the Savioui of the world while
He was here never interfered with any existing
institution, but only preached peace and good will
to man, and all the moral and religious obligations
which grow out ol a faithful obedience to the law
of ourcreatioii, without thinking that just as well
they might have maintained the rightful, legal,
moral, and Christian existence of the thousand of
vices with which fie did not by any force inter-
fere, or ask for the interference of force. But that
