1442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
instrument than can a pnwnMo in a statute in
controlling the express, unequivocal language of
the statute itself, where the language is clear and
unequivocal.
But, sir, for whose benefit did the framers of
this instrument make it? For the whole world.'
Did they make it for all tho nations of the earth?
Had they in contemplation all the people that in-
habit the continent of Africa, of Asia, or even of
Europe? Had they in contemplation that the
abject of its establishment was for that servile
race which was in their own midst? Not at all.
I know it may be said that they may have had, to
■ome extant, the people of Europe in their mind
because they provided for naturalization. That
is true,and so far as they come into consideration
in view of the power of naturalization itwas estab-
lished for their benefit. But, sir, what says the
preamble to the Constitution on that point?
" We, the people of tlif United tftatfs, in order t>> form a
moie peifect union. justice, mguie (tomf'sue tran-
quillity, piovitle (or tlie common iteteiisf, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and  ecme the bfiis-nigs 01 hhcity to ourselves
and our posterity* do ordain and Establish this Constitu-
tion fur the United States ot America.5'
Then; sir, I submit, with all due deference to
the honorable Senator, that because this Consti-
tution was ordained "to form a more perfect
Union, to establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote
the general welfare, and secure the blessings of
liberty," it docs not follow that any such amend-
ment as this can be made, because the instrument
itself shows for whom these blessings were in-
tended to be preserved—tous and toour posterity.
"What connection had the slave population of the
United States with the formation of this Consti-
tution ? Did they constitute any part of " usand
our posterity " in the contemplation of the fi amers
of this instrument? Not at all. Without elab-
orating this idea, I submit t^it no just or legiti-
mate argument can be drawn from the preamble
of the Constitution thut the Congress of the United
States have authority to propose this amendment,
or that it would become binding in confudoiation
of the ratification of three fourths of the Stales.
Neither is it necessary, aside tVom the question
of constitutional po wer, tor subse rvi ng an y of the
* purposes contemplated in the preamble of the
Constitution. The honoiable Senator asked, is
there no justice m itr Is it not necessary for tran-
quillity? Is it neeessaiy for the common pros-
perity? My answer is, " no." Whence were we
taught—I make this remark, however, not in ref-
erence to anything the honorable Senator fiom
Maryland has said, but 111 leterenee to that pop-
ular delusion which seems now at its height, and
which,! hope, will very soon hasten to its set-
t]nS—whence do we derive tho idea that m this
abolition movement there is this great and god-
like principle of justice? I profess'not to be wiser
than the Almighty, or better than the servants He
has chosen to proclaim His word and ilia purpose
to men——
Mr. HALE. Thru is modest.
Mr.SAULSFlURY. As i am reminded by a
kind friend on the other aide of the Chamber that
that is modest, I will say J wish my Republican
friends weie just as modest.
I find that almost since the flood this relation
has existed upon earth. I have been taught that
a just God governs this world; and I choose to
consider tins relation ot life, winch takes 1 ts origin
back to the denunciation of the Most Hi<rh through
the patriarch Noah,as in the order of God's prov-
idence, without being committed to anv of the fal-
lacies that might arise out of the argument of some
who dtscusx the question of the "divine institu-
tion. I accept it as a fact in animal life, in the
life of human beings with immortal epints, just
m Iaccept the facts in physical nature, where I
sse inequality and diversity.
The theory now common seems to be that the
law of God fa providenceis equality and uniform-
ity. Such h law never did pervade or regulate
tho works of God's providence to man; but the '
law of His providence is inequality and diversity,
i 11eat ot this inequality of taces", of human be-
ings, precisely as I Heat of the inequality which 1
i m.p in inanimate and physical nature all around
me. Why is it' it may be o-d<ed. M y answer is
plasn: ( <b> not know; nor do you know. And
who art tnou. O man, ways the sacred book, that
thou shouid\i ask Pitch a question? Shall the clay
Bay to the potter Why luut thou made me p  ?
Sir, there is a God who rules over this world.
He made it. He had a right to make it as to His
own wisdom seemed best, and we finite creatures
are not presumptuously toairaign the order of
His creation and say this thing is right and that
thing is wrong ami we could have made it better.
In due time it will all perhaps be made manifest.
I ask you, sir, instead of asking the Supreme
Maker and Ruler over all, why is it that every-
thing that has life is not created with immortal
spirits and with the loftiest order of intellect?
Why do you see the little ant? Why do you see
the crawling reptile ? Why do you see the least
m the chain of being ? From the lowest to the
highest, the great God could have made them all
alike. Had He been disposed to do so He could
have made every member of this Senate a Clay,
a Calhoun, or a Webster, and He could have
ghen them minds infinitely superior. For pur-
poses of His own He chose not to do so. He
could have made the infant as a burning seraph
and the most humble being on earth as the mighti-
est archangel. He did not do so.
My object in making these remarks is simply
to call the attention of the Senate and the country
to the great practical question. It is time forus to
quit theorizing on this subject and look at things
as they are.
Mr. President,! stated the other day,asl have
stated again to-day, that the parties to this com-
pact of Union, form of Government, or Constitu-
tion, whatever you please to call it, were the
States, i did not state it simply because it was
my opinion, but 1 cited the express declaration
ot him who is fiequently called the father of the
Constitution,Mr.Madison himself. 1 understood
the honoi able Senator to deny, yesterday, that the
States ever weie mdependent. That, pei haps, was
stud incautiously, although the honoiable Senator
in not in the habit of saying things incautiously.
The present Chief Magistrate, I believe, when he
came into power, announced the same principle
and said that the Union made the States. I shall
not combat this idea, for I nc\er heard anybody
give in their adhesion to it.
Hut, sir, wme these States never separate and
independent r What were they before the Revo-
lution? They were separate and distinct colonies.
.They were notunited colonies. The Revolution
cmiK'. What did theydeclaie m the Declaration
of 1 ndependence r They sent delegates, itis true,
to a common Congress, just as the allied Powers
in Europe would send delegates to a common con-
gress. Have the allied Powers of Europe ever
io.st thru* sepamte existence because they have
srnt delegates to a common congiesa? Not at
all. So the colonies sent delegates to a Congress
to consult together for common interests and to
secure common benefits.
What (ltd those colonies, through their dele-
gates in Congtcss, declare on the 4th of July,
177(5? Did they declaie that they were united,
and as united entitled to be one nation ? No, sir;
but they declared " that these united colonies are
and of right ought to be free and independent
States;'4 not an independent State, but independ-
ent States, separate and distinct. They thus con-
tinued as independent States until they adopted
the Articlesof Confederation in 1777. Being free
and independent States, did the tact that they en-
tered into those common articlesof confederation
or agreement, as the allied Powers of Europe
would do now in ease of common interests, deprive
them of their separate independent existence?
Not at al!.
Then, *ir, to show that they were separate and
independent States, how was the present Consti-
tution formed? They sent delegates to a com-
mon Convention to form a Constitution. Itwas
thereupon agreed that if nine of their number
could be found to secede fiom the old Confedera-
tion and setup a new Government, they should
become united -for certain great common pur-
poses. My State seceded right off; New Jersey
followed; then Pennsylvania; and finally the State
of my honorable friend from New Hampshire se-
ceded, and made secession complete. They se-
ceded separately as States, and as separate inde-
pendent States fiamed this Constitution. Then
if the States were never separate and independ-
ent, 1 ask what became of Rhode Island > She
was left out. W ith whom was she united ? Noi th
Carolina was left out. With whom was she united>
New Yot kand V irgtniu were left out, New York
and Virginia soon seceded and united with tl*e
rest, and then North Carolina; but there was
Rhode Island standing out by herself, no ptut of
the Union. I ask if she was not a separate and
independent State ? Was she bound by the Con-
stitution before she ratified it? Ceitamly that
will not be contended. Was she bound by the
original Articles of Confederation? All the par-
ties to it except herself had ^one of!* and left her.
If we never had any other independent State in
what was once the United States of America, cer-
tainly proud little glorious Rhode Island was sep-
arate and independent, and had too much sense
to go to war to force all the rest back. This is
my answer to that portion of the argument of the
honorable Senator from Maryland.
Mr. President, my object in rising was not to
enter into any thing like a speech on this question,
because I briefly addressed the Senate once be-
fore on this same subject. I oppose this amend-
ment, not because my people are particularly in-
terested in the question of slavery; we have no
slavesinourmidsttomake itof any importance to
us,andnosuchconsideiation therefore governs my
action; but it is from a high sense of duty to my
country; because I believe, in the first place,that
if you were to submit it to three fourths of the
States, and they were honestly, by a majority of
their votes, to declare in favor of the ratification,
and they should ratify it, as you do not propose
it to the other fourth whose interests will be af-
fected by it, and to whom you cannot submit it,
it would not be binding upon them; secondly, be-
cause I believe the time is unpropiuous. The
great fundamental law of a free people should
never be altered in times of high excitement like
these. It is no time to change your oiganiclaw
while warisraging. We should waituntil peace,
heavenly descended peace, shall again bless the
land, when the judgments of men shall he calm,
when reason shall resume its throne, and when
a common sense of the common interests of the
whojc people will influence your action.
1 oppose it again, sir, because I honestly be-
lieve that even if reunion should be now barely
possible, the adoption of this amendment would
prolong this war beyond the lifetime of any "mem-
ber of this Senate. I know it is said that the
South are doing all they can. 1 presume that ka
so. Others are more buoyant in hope m refer-
ence to the future than i am. I ha*e never
dieamed from the commencement of this struggle
that it was the child's play that it was attempted
to make the people of this country believe. The
promises of its suppression in sixty days, in
ninety days, in a year, in two year's, in three
years, I always thought promises idly and incon-
siderately made. The history of the world does
not show in oil the annals of past time where so
many people scattered over that extent of terntory
have been conquered in two or three years. A dopt
this amendment in addition to your acts of legis-
lation already passed by the Congress of the
United States, your confiscation bills, and your
laws for the punishment of treason, and what in-
ducement have they to return? The alternative
piesented to them is submission, and to be de-
spoiled of everything and hung, or to fight to the
last with the possibility of saving something.
From the commencement of this whole-struggle
1 have been opposed to all this species of legisla-
tion. I know that my motives have been miscon-
strued. I care as much for that as I do for the
idle wind which I regard not. I believe that in the
commencement of this struggle, had a different
policy been pursued,had the Constitution and the
rights of the people of the adhering States been
respected, had thcie not been a mani/estattempf to
make every freeman bow in submission to this Ad-
ministration, had the struggle been prosecuted wi
accordance with those high and elevated principles,
of moral and constitutional law which should
characterize the struggles of a great people, when
southern men saw that their rights, their lives,
liberty, and property could be better protected in
the old Union than out of it, a revutaion in south-
ern sentirnentand opinion would have taken place,
and in course of time reunion might have been
had. But, sir, pursue this system of legislation,
and in my honest judgment—though it may not
be entitled to any very great respect—you and f
will molder in the dust before the Union of these
States is reestablished.
Again, sip, why should this amendment be
