1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I believe, concur. They have been consulted.
The line of the Central Pacific Railroad Company
in California would terminate in the mountains
and would notaccommodatothe people of Nevada
Territory. It isdesirable to extend itstill further
as a matter of present business. II uyil be a long
time before the Union Pacific railroad'working
westward can arrive at the Territory of Nevada.
This amendment allows the California company
to carry their line one hundred and fifty miles
through into Nevada Territory and thus furnish
facilities for their business. The representatives
of the Union Pacific Company as well as of the
Central Pacific Company concur in this amend-
ment, and 1 hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I will state, in addition to
what my colleague has said, that in the act of
1862 this privilege was given to the Central Pa-
cific Railroad Company, and it is but continuing
that act to put it in here.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Without the limitation.
Mr. HOWARD. I think there ought to be an
amendment made in the phraseology of the amend-
ment. The Qentral Pacific Railroad Company
ought to be subjected to the same restrictions that
are contained in this amendatory act; but the
Senator has not incorporated th-at in his amend-
ment. "Why not give them the same privileges
with the same restrictions?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. HOWARD. At the same lime I regard
the amendment as superfluous, because I think
the company'has already the same privilege; but
still I have no objection to it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will modify my amend-
ment by inserting the words "and lestnctions"
after the word "provisions."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
. ment will be so modified.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest this difficulty,
which the chairman of the committee will per-
ceive at once: This amendment gives to the Cal-
ifornia company in case it extends its road east-
ward all the privileges conferred by this act and
the act to which it is an amendment. As this
act gives one form of bounty and the act to
which it is an amendment gives another form of
bounty, the California company in case it ex-
tends its road eastward might claim the benefits
of both acts; and therefore I desire the Senator
from California to so modify his amendment as
to avoid that difficulty.
Mr. HOWARD. It should be modified so as
to confine it to the act we are now passing. This
act in that regard supersedes the old act.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all I want, to avoid
thaf difficulty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let it be so modified.
The PRESIDENT. It will be so modified.
The Secretary will read it as modified.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
It is further "provided, That should the Central Pacific
Railroad Company of California complete their line to the
eastern line ot the State of California before the line of
the Union Pacific Railroad Company shall have been ex-
tended westward so as to meet the line of said first-named
company, paid first-named company may extend their line
of road eastward one hundred and fifty miles on the estab-
lished route, so as to meet and connect with the line of the
Union Pacific road, complying in all respects with the pro-
visions and iestnctions ot this act as to said Union Pacific
road, and upon doing so shall enjoy all the rights, privileges,
and benefits confei red by this act on the said Union Pacific
Railroad Company.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, to insert as a new section, after
section seventeen, the following:
Zlnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose of com-
pleting a railroad connection between the eastern termini
of the road of the Union Pacific Railroad Company and
Lake Superior, the Sioux City, St. Paul, and Lake Supe-
rior Company, a corporation existing: under the laws of the
State of Minnesota, are hereby authorized to construct a
railroad and telegraph line from the head of LakeSupeiior,
in the State of Minnesota, viaSt. Pan! and Mankato, to the
southern boundaiy of said State in the direction of Sioux
City, and to connect" at said Sioux City with the Union
Pacific railroad, upon the same terms and conditions and
with like aid in all respects as the Central Pacific Railroad
Company of California are or may be authorized by Con-
gie^s to construct a railroad to the eastern boundary of the
said Suite of California, to connect with said Union Pa-
cific railroad: Provided, Said Sioux City. St. Paul, and
Lake Superior Raihoad Company shall complete and fully
equip and put in running order not less than fifty miles of
its s-aid toad m one year from the passage of this act, and
not less than finy miles within each year thereafter."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. It is introducing another branch
into the general system of roads. The amend- |
ment involves in it matters of so much importance
that i think it had better run its risks upon a bill
by itself. If it is a measure that is deserving of
the attention of Congress, it will stand upon its
own merits. I do not feel justified in allowing it
to pass as an amendment to this bill. We have
already got a sufficient number of branches con-
nected with this main trunk; and if we go on
multiplying the branches to this road there will
be no end of that multiplication; there will be no
end of the expense to be incurred by the Gov-
ernment. I think we had better put a stop to it
here, and not adopt any more branches.
Mr. RAMSEY". It is true there are already
a number of branches to this road, but I think
none so important as this. I think that a con-
nection with Lake Superior, as this amendment
proposes, iS indispensable to the very construc-
tion of this road. The greater part of it passes
over an immense extent of treeless plains. They
want timber, they want lumber, they want ties.
Where can they get them, unless they get them
from the valley of Superior? It is in this view,
I think, indispensable for the company's own
purposes. Then the people of the plains, the
people of this immense gold region, will get their
supply of fish from Lake Superior. Immense
quantities of fish are salted and preserved there
every year. In every view I think it is the most
important branch there is to this main Pacific
road. It only surprises me that the committee
in their investigation and the preparation of this
bill should have omitted it. I hope the Senate,
however, will at once see the propriety of amend-
ing the bill in this particular.
Mr. CONNESS. It is a matter of surprise that'
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad did not dis-
cover that the Senator from Minnesota wanted five
or ten million acres more of public lands for rail-
roads in that State. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator, as it is proposed to run this branch through
the celebrated Red river valley, whether they have
not got all the land in that country now? I am
sure the Senator is not in earnest in presenting
this amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir, lam. I think it is
really a valuable connection with the road; but the
Red river is north and west of this connection.
Mr. HARLAN. There is no doubt but that
the line of road proposed by the Senator from Min-
nesota is a valuable one, and that a railroad ought
to be built on that line. In pursuance of thatjudg-
ment the Committee on Public Lands reported a
bill making a grant of land of ten sections to the
mile from the head-waters of Lake Superior to St.
Paul and then increased a donation that had pre-
viously been made from St. Paul in the direction
of Sioux City four sections a mile; so that on that
line they will now receive probably ten sections
per mile. Butif the Senator's amendmentshould
be adopted it would enable them to secure in ad-
dition to that the interest on $24,000 worth of
bonds per mile. I think perhaps it would not be
well to give this additional encouragement to build
that road, for the reason that other roads through
Iowa and other parts of the country east of the
termini of these branch roads would probably ask
a similar subsidy. I, for example, should see no
reason why a similar grant of bonds should not
be made to aid Iowa in constructing roads across
that State. This line of road will be all the way
through the State of Minnesota, and we have al-
ready made the grant that I have just described.
Mr. RAMSEY. Part of it will be through
Iowa. *
Mr. HARLAN. A few miles probably will
run through the northeastern corner of Iowa.
Wo have already made this grant of lands to aid
in the construction of the road to which the
amendment of the Senator refers, and I think
personally it would be as well to let the matter
rest there.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer an amendment* to add
at the end of the sixth section the following:
Jind provided further, That wherever settlements have
been made piior to the passage of this act upon lauds the
timber upon which is. herein granted to an)' company, there
shall be reserved to the occupants or settlers in actual pos-
session thereon the timber growing upon the lands so pos-
sessed by them.
The amendmentto the amendment was agreed tcu
Mr. HENDERSON. On page 34, section four-
teen, line four, after the word "Atchison,I
move to insert the words "commencing at St.
Joseph, Missouri;" so that it will read:
That for the purposes herein mentioned the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Raihoad Company of Missouri la hereby
authorized to extend its road from St. Joseph via Atchison,
commencing at St. Joseph, Missouri, so a* to connect ana
unite with said railroad through Kansas, &c.
It is a mere verbal amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been informed that
there is now a railroad completed and in use from
St. Joseph to Atchison, through the State of Mis-
souri, and if this amendment should be adopted
it will simply require the construction of a road
parallel with the road to which I have referred.
I will inquire of the Senator from Missouri if I
am right in the information that I have receive'd.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is true; but the
road is on the south side of the Missouri river.
The Senator will see by looking to the proviso to
the fourteenth section that the company is not
bound to build the road by the way of Atchison
at all, but may build it upon a line directly west,
if a survey shall indicate that that is the best rou te.
In that event, therefore, we want the road to com-
mence at St. Joseph. The Senator will sec the
necessity of the amendment at a glance if he will
look at the proviso. It is right. There is no
doubt about jt.
Mr. POMEROYv The Senator from Iowa is
right in saying that there is a road from St. Jo-
seph to Atchison on that side of the river.at pres-
ent. 1 do not suppose it is in harmony with the
public policy to build two roads. Jf they shall
adopt that road, I suppose it will answer all the
purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON. But suppose they do
not. That is just what I want to avoid.
Mr. POMEROY. If they do not, they have
got to build on the opposite side of the river.
Mr. HENDERSON. To build straight west.
Mr. POMEROY. If they build straight west,
this amendment ought not to come in here; it
should come in on the proviso.
Mr. HENDERSON. itis right here.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to offer
a substitute for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Missouri ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas.~Plj?robably the Sena-
tor will accept it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I would rather not at
present. The Senator can offer it after I have
amended this clause as I propose, and it will then
be in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Missouri whether this amendment will not
involve the necessity of making a new branch.;
whether it does not provide for additional expend-
iture on the part of the Government?
Mr. HENDERSON. I have several amend-
ments that I designed offering to this bill, but I
believe that I shall retire from the field and offer
none and oppose the whole bill. 1 have offered
an amendment here which is noting butaverbal
amendment, to make plain what is intended,and
without which this company need not build a road
from St. Joseph, Missouri, at all. There is aroad
completed in my State from Hannibal, connect-
ing with all the roads in the United States east,
up to St. Joseph. This'bill is so drawn that this
Pacific railroad may commence at some other
point than St. Joseph. It does not compel the
company to commence at St. Joseph at all. That
is just what I desire them to do. This section
provides:
That, for the purpose* herein mentioned, the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company of Missouri is hereby
authorized to extend its road from St. Joseph via Atchi-
son, so aa to connect and unite with said railroad through
Kansas.
They may commence at Atchison, and never
build* the road from St. Joseph at all. When the
act of 1862 was under consideration I offered a pro-
viso to prevent the necessity of its going to Atchi-
son, because I did not want this road to turn off
at an angle of forty-five degrees and run out of a
straight line instead of going west; but the Sen-
ate decided that that must be done. Why? Be-
cause Atchison was a considerable town, and it
was necessary that a great trunk railroad, built ยง
from the States east of the Mississippinver,"upon
which the commerce of the world is to be carried,
should go down there. It is a very respectable
