1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339S
Capitol that is not actually required fur the public
sei vice.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, this arching
of lilt; Tiber so as to preventmfection from it has
been recommended for years. It was in tin? ori-
ginal bill presented here, but it wassuppos^d to be
out oforuerin consequence of' an ancientrulc that
was revived. Anybody who will look at it will
sec at once that to all those who live here and do
not expect to die pretty soon this is a material
impiovement. The wholestream, sluggish every-
whuc, becomes putrid there, and is to-day as
green as any pool ever seen. It is to arch that
stream below the garden that this appropriation
is asked for. If has been always recommended,
and I hope it will be agreed to.
Theamendmentof the Senate was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
For continuing the woik on the Washington aqueduct,
§lo03U00.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. BROOKS. There seems to be some mis-
understanding between the two Houses on the
subject of clear water in Washington. I consider
it a matter of piime importance that we have pure
water before we go into further expenditure. I
am not sufficiently informed on the subject to form
an opinion about it. 1 listened the other day to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means with much interest in his explanation of
the subject. The Senate has arrived at a very
diii'erentconclusion. in my judgment, the whole
matter should be left to three intelligent commis-
sioners, such as constructed the water-works of
Philadelphia, New York, Cincinnati, and other
cities of the Union.
All. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, the House
recommended that the work shall be done in a
particular way, so as to avoid the present mud
hole, called the reservoir,and to bring the water
direct fi om the, Potomac. We found that although
S3,<100,000 had been expended the city never yet
iiad received one drop of water from the Poto-
mac, and that when the water was let into the
unpei end of the receiving reservoir it all ran
back into the Potomac, very much to the annoy-
ance of the people below, who found the water
too filthy to use. We therefore thought it best
to say how the rest of the money should be ex-
pended so as to be suic to In ing the Potomac water
into the city. The engineer or some one of the
architects, after the bill was reported, asked us to
give t hem the money and that they would expend it
propeily. The committee and the House thought
they knew the mode in which it should be ex-
pended as wellas those who expended $3,000,000
to no valuable purpose. We theiefoie, when we
came to reconsider it, thought it right to let the
subject go to a committee of conference, and if
they can convince the commitneof conference
that it is better to leave $150,000 to these men i
have no objection. 1 do not see what objection
there could be to letting this go to the committee
of conference.
Mr. BROOKS. I am willing to let the subject
go to the committee of conference, and attei
$3,000,000 have been wasted on these works, if
we tiust the committee of conference with the
finality of action, v/e will have the right to hold
them responsible in leference to further appro-
ptiations hereafier and the introduction of good
water into this city.
Mi'. PRUYN. A few days before the ques-
tion Was voted on by the House I visited the
aqueductaneTupperreservoir very much with ref-
erence to looking at the condition of things there
in i>gaid to the impropriety of making this an-
propuation. I a<£ice with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevcxs.] , so far as the facts
were placed hebire me, that very important im-
piovenu tits can be made m the water-works nt
that point, but 1 should be sorry to see the House
disagree and refuse to let this subject go to a com-
mittee of co nfe re nee. I hope the course suggest* d
wiil b.- e:;iecd to, and that the subject will be re-
f:rt! d t'i toe committee or conference.
The CHAIRMAN stated mat the Committee
of anu Means reCL-nnji-jiidcd non-concur-
i en •' .
Tiie amendment was non-concurred in.
MILAGE ntOM TUB SEXATfc.
The committee informally rose,and a message
was received from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, notifying the House that that body
had adopted the lepoit of the committee of con-
ference on the taiiffbill.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
In&eit:
For plans and detailed drawing? forproposed changesin
the Capitol wings to secure improvements in ventilation
and tiie acoustics of the Halls, of Congress, the sum of
§1,500, or ;>o much thoreoi a  may be uecessaiy ; said out-
lay to be autliouzed and approved by thejomt select com-
mittee of the two Houses on ventilation, &e., of the said
j Uallc, and to be paid out ot the aforesaid appropriation for
j the Capitol extension.
j Mi. BROOKS. I would like to have some
i explanation of that.
Mr. STEVENS. Wo have two or three arch-
itects employed, and if they are competent they
ought to do it without extra pay.
Mr. BROOKS. This is the only opportunity
for me to say that 1 believe this is an unfit place
to do business in, especially when the furnaces
are «oing. 1 trust that something will be done to
ventilate this place so that we may be able to stay
here and do business. X donotexpect myeelfto
be here more than three months longer, but for
the great mass of individuals who are to come to
this place hereafter to do public business, I do
hope that something will be done for the ventila-
tion of this Half? Thousands and tens of thou-
sands of dollars have been thrown away here. It
is impossible to stay in this House any length of
time without going out to seek the fresh air. That
i is one of the causes of disorder. It is impossible
• to sit here and devote attention to the business
| that is gmi>g on. Members must breathe, they
i must have fresh air. Here the air is artificial and
: the light is artificial. Let the architects who have
| control of this matter prepare some plan for rem-
; edymg theevil.
MrT STEVENS. The gentleman says that
this is an unfit place to live in, andl do not think
it is a veiy clever place to die in. [Laughter.]
Whether $3,500 is necessary to employ new ai-
chitects i do not know. Gentlemen can concur
or non-concur m the Senate amendment as they
| (lease.
Mr. PRUYN. I take it for granted that the
regular architects employed upon this Capitol are
fully occupied with that legular work, and that
you will find it necessary to employ somebody
who shall give special attention to this subject,
and somebody, if you please, not connected with
the building heretofore. I think it would be wise
to go outside for the purpose of procuring proper
plans for thi* purpose, and therefore I hope the
House will rtoieo to vote tins *£1,500.
Mr. MORitlLL. in consequence of other du-
ties 1 have' been able to attend but one meet-
ing of the si h ct committee upon this subject. I
desire to ask my colleague upon the committee,
fiom Connecticut, [Mr." English,] whether any
action of that committee has been had relative to
this expendituiu, and whether that committee
deem this expenditure important, and have re-
quested it or not.
Mr. ENGLISH. As a member of that com-
mittee I desire to state to the House that Mr. An-
derson appeared before this committee with the
original plans which he devised for this edifice.
Tin: plans have been of some service to the com-
m.ttee in their examinations in regatdto the ven-
tilation of this Hall as originally contemplated by
Mr. Anderson. There has been no action taken
by tin, oMtiniitt( e mi repaid to compensation.
Air. MORRILL. Another question; is this
£.1,500 to bo anpiopiiated for plans to be made
hert tifh i, or is it to be made as a compensation
for those aheauy made and exhibited before the
committee ?
Mr. ENGLISH. The whole matter is new
to me, and no action has been taken by the com-
mittee; but the committee have consulted the
plans du.in^-one evening.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I would ask the gen-
th man fiom Connecticut whether the select com-
mittee i'< t'i.(ume)id tins uppropilation.
Mi\ ENGLISH. No action has been taken
! by the committee.
\\ Mr. 1UOE, of Maine. I desire to say that a
j| bill has been lvpoited appropriating $7,500 for
II Mr. Anderson. That is, I understand, for the
pians which he has produced heretofore, and for
services for whiclfhe has been paid.
Now, one word in reference to this appropri-
ation. I believe that to appropriate $1,509 wili
be to throw away just so much money, because  
everybody knows that itconnot accomplish any-
thing toward the ventilation of this room. The
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
which I have the honor to belong, have investi-
gated this subject to some extent. They inves-
tigated it in connection with the claims of Mr.
Anderson, and we gave it considerable time and
attention, but no member of the committee will
say he is prepared to urge our views upon the
House in disconnection. I simply mean to say
that the committee agree in saying that $1,500
would be a mere bagatelle toward accomplish-
ing the great purpose in view,. Seventy-five thou-
sand dollars would be the least amount required.
Mr. PRUYN. This appropriation is for plans.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. This joint committee
should make a thorough investigation of this mat-
ter. It is composed of able gentlemen, who are
amply ably to investigate this subject, and there-
fore I hope this appropriation will not be made,
but that the joint committee will have time dur-
ing the interim between the two sessions to thor-
oughly look into the matter. If that committee
do now recommend this expenditure I have not
a word now to say; but in the absence of any
such recommendation I am opposed to it.
So far as the plans of Mr. Anderson are con-
cerned, I would say that he has already been
paid for them by pending legislation, and they
are now at the command of that committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has this ap-
propriation any connection with the claim of Mr.
Anderson ?
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I do not know anything
about it. If it has it onsjUt not to have.
Mr. WASIIBUR N Eo f Illinois. I desire to
state that I am in possession of some facts in re-
lation to the claim of Mr. Anderson to six or
seven thousand dollars.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will say nothing for
the pie&en t about that claim. It wili not come up
for action during this session of Congioss.
Mr. WASflBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that Mr. Andeison has already been paid
everything he claimed, and has, besides, got his
plans.
Mr. MORRILL. From the information al-
ready before the committee it is obvious that this
appropriation is not needed. I therefore hope it
will be non-concurred in.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman
ftom Maine what he proposes to do now. Why
put off all this matter r W hy legislate for posterity
instead of for the piesent?
Mr. RICE,ofMaine. 1 think something should
be done now, but the matter was taken out of
the hands of theappropriate committeeand given
to this joint committee. When that joint com-
mittee will report and recommend any feasible
plan, I will certainly give it my hearty concur-
rence, but until we do get some report from an
appropriate committee i am opposed to this ap-
propriation.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the Clerk read the Senate
amendment again ?
The amendment was again lead.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I do not see
that the $1,500 would do the least good; and I
quite concur in tiie remark made that it would be
so much money thrown away. Rut 1 propose to
submit something practical as a substitute for the
Senate amendment, to the (fleet that a sub-com-
mittee of four from the joint committee on venti-
lation be directed to execute some plan for the
ventilation of the two Houses of Congress, and
that $25,000 be appiopnated therefor. This sub-
committee can sit during theiecessand devise
and execute some plan which will give us good
ventilation hereafter. Acoustics are of minor im-
portance. We can do without hearing, but we
cannot do wis bout breathing.
Mr. PRUYN. I suj £ .st to my cdleague to
use the word authoriz.-d " instead of" directed."
Mr. BROOKS. 1 a-cept that modification.
Mr MOR1HLL. I hope that duty will not
be imposed on the committee abeady raised. It
!! seems quite enough lesponsibihty to impose upon
tj them a recommendation to the two Houses of Con-
11 gress to adopt some plan. • It a plan be adopted
