*864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQm
'mm
law should be so formed as to prevent such a
prostitution of power by forbidding it absolutely.
The amendment that I propose cannot affect
the one reported by the committee. It cannot
affect the reelection of the present incumbent of
the office, for we all know that before the amend-
ment can be approved by the Senate and the House
of Representatives, and be ratified by the States
by the constitutional majority, the next presi-
dential election will have transpired.
I am opposed to any amendment of theConsti-
tution at this time; butif we are to enterupon that
work, let us exhibit to the world that our ideas
are not restricted to one. The speeches and ar-
guments which have been made and the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the Judiciary
Committee, have reference to but one single ob-
ject, and that is the subject of African slavery,
although there are others admittedly demanding
a corrective. Let us while we are engaged in this
work do something that will be of permanent ad-
vantage, something that will secure, or tend to
secure, at least an honest administration of our
public affairs in the executive office. When we
clothe a citizen with the functions of that office,
let him understand distinctly that he has been
highly exalted, that he has high duties to dis-
charge, that virtue should distinguish the posses-
sion of power, that the administration of justice
and of law involves the well-being of the millions
of his fellow-citizens who have intrusted their
dearest interests to his care, and hence that he is
expected to concentrate every faculty of his mind,
and the best sentiments and affections of his heart,
on his great responsibilities; that if he barters of-
fice and prostitutes justice to gratify ambition he
is edged about by the Constitution which forbids
his reelection, and will overwhelm him with shame
and disappointment; thatif he desires to transmit
his name to posterity as a wise, virtuous, great,
and good man, he can only do it by fidelity and
patriotism.
One part of the platform announced a few days
since by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pome-
roy,] I heartily approved, while others I thought
were very bad indeed. He approved the one-term
principle. I never knew a state of political affairs
in this country when the 44 outs" did not. The
"ins," who want reelection, are only for it in
theory.
The one-term principle was a favorite one with
General Jackson; and if I am not mistaken he
recommended that the Constitution be so changed
in one of his messages or inaugural addresses;
but even that stern old Roman chief, a man of
high, noble, Roman virtue, after his installation
into that office not only received, but, it may be
supposed, sought a reelection. I have no idea
that the old hero of the Hermitage used that office
in such a manner as to prevent his reflection; on
the contrary, I suppose he used it to promote it.
All have done so, all will do it; and as wise men,
as patriotic men, as men devoted to the perpetuity
of their country, if we commence amending the
instrument we should correct some of the many
evils that we know do flow from such an exercise
of the executive office as promotes the reelection
of the incumbent. Let the man that we hereafter
put there know that there is no possible hope of
a reelection, and that he must depend on an honest
And faithful and patriotic discharge of the duties
of his office for his reputation in all future time.
Put this provision in the Constitution, and when
a partisan President—and all of them are partisans
to a greater or less extent—is clothed with the of-
fice he can afford to lay down the partisan robes
and execute the office faithfully, justly, and hon-
estly, and like a judge on the bench decide ac-
coiding to right and justice. He will know that
he cannot, by catering to this or that wing or fac-
tion of party followers, ask or receive future pro-
motion. Consequently, he'will dismiss all such
from him, and he will enter upon the discharge
of the duties of the office with a single purpose
to promote the public good. At least, I hope that
will be the result.
Senators cannot say that it will interfere with
the proposition before the Senate as reported by
the Committee on the Judiciary. It is a separate,
and distinct article; but if it be adopted by the
-Senate we can remove all doubt about it by pro-
viding that the States may ratify one or all of the
propositions presented by the constitutional ma-
jority, and ths portion ratified shall become part
of the Constitution. But without that provision
I hold thatif we were to pass one, two, three, four,
or ten separate and distinct articles, the States
could ratify one article without ratifying the rest.
Mr. FOSTER. If the honorable Senator from
Kentucky will extend the period of service for.
these several officers—President and Vice Pi*esi-<
dent—to six years, I will vote with him for the
amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I have no objection to that.
I first drew the amendment so as to fix the term
at six years, but at the suggestion of a friend I.
struck out " six" and put it at "four." I will
accept the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut. If the Senate prefer "six," I have no
objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator so modify his proposed amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. POWELL. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
form of the amendment proposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proposition intro-
duced by the Senator from Kentucky, I am sat-
isfied, meets the approbation of many members of
the Senate. I am inclined to think it would bean
improvement of our present Constitution not to
allow the Executive to be reelected. But we have
now got before us one distinct proposition to so
amend the Constitution as to prohibit slavery.
That question has been discussed. This propo-
sition now offered by the Senator from Kentucky
is a new one. I do not know but that it would
command a majority of the Senate or two thirds
of the votes of the Senate; but there are differ-
ences of opinion in regard to it. It will open a
new discussion. I think we had better not adopt
it in connection with this great, grand idea of mak-
ing thisRepubiiefreeand ourConstitutionaCon-
stitution to protect free men alone. I wan.t that
proposition to go solitary and alone to the Amer-
ican people, and let them pass upon it.
I hope, therefore, that the Senator from Ken-
tucky, if he thinks proper to offer this amendment,
will, after we shall have disposed of the present
question which has been discussed, offer it as a
separate proposition. It may be done to-morrow
or any day after we shall have voted upon this
and it shall have passed out of the way, and I am
not aware but that I shall vote with him. I think
there is much force in the suggestions which he
has made, but 1 do not like to have the proposi-
tion which we have been discussing for several
days, and upon which the Senate is now about
ready to act, mixed up with another one which
will open a new discussion, and perhaps extend
this debate for weeks.
For this reason alone I shall feel compelled, in
the present condition of things, in the present con-
dition of the debate, if the proposition is persisted
in, to vote against it.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, the reasons
suggested by the Senator from Illinois do not
strike nie as being very sound. He desires this
amendment presented as an independent, distinct
proposition. It is so presented. It is a separate
and djstinct article in no way connected with the
amendment proposed by the Judiciary Committee
of which the honorable Senator is chairman. It
is perfqfctly competent for the Senate to pass, by
a two-thirds vote? the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois from the Judiciary Committee, and
also by a two-thirds vote to pass the amendment
that I propose. It is then also equally compe-
tent, if these two amendments go out together and
are submitted to the States, for three fourths of
the States to adopt the amendment that I propose
and to reject the one proposed by the Judiciary
Committee, or to adopt both, or to adopt the one
Proposed by the committee and reject the one
propose. When the Constitution was first
amended, I think there were ten amendments or
more proposed, most of which were adopted, but
some were rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am aware of that. That
was not the point which I made. 1 am aware that
where several articles are submitted to the States,
the States may adopt one and decline to adopt
another; but the point which I made, if there was
any force in it, was this: that we had had one of
these subjects under consideration for some time,
that the Senate was about ready to come toavote
upon it, and now that there is proposed another
amendment of a differentcha{acter;-notgermarie fo
theotte which has beeh under consideration, which
will open a new discussion and prolong- the de-
bate; and the other objection which I had wasthat
I wanted this one great proposition of 'freedom
to go out by itself—it is large ertough to occupy
the attention of the whole nation—without hmx-
ingit up with the other propositionof making the
President ineligible to a reelcc'tion.' Mydesire is
to keep this one thing before the public,arid'ntft
mix it up with another at this time. I am awafe
that the States could adopt one and reject tlfe
other. The Senator is quite right about that.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator admits all that
I contended for upon that point; but we have new
under consideration the question of amending the
Constitution. I am opposed to the amendment
proposed by the Judiciary Committee,and*((hall
not cast my vote for it. I do not think this il
the proper time for us to enter upon'the work of
amending the Constitution; but as we have the
question before us, as amendments are proposed^
as Congress seems determined to submit amend-
ments to the people for their rejection or ratifies
tion, let us send out the amendment which I pro-
pose if Senators think it a good amendment. My
opinion is that the amendment which I proposfe
will be ratified by every State in the Union, if it
shall be submitted to the States; but if it be uir-
popuiar, it will not in the least'jeopardize the
adoption of the amendment proposed by the Jui-
diciary Committee, if the two Houses send them
both out together.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator a
question, the answer to which will guide my vote
on his proposition. I am utterly opposed to maki
ing the specific amendment to the Constitution
which the Senator proposes; but I have not the
slightest objection to submitting such an amend-
ment to the people; and I am inclined to vote to
do so unless there is some objection to it on this
side of the House that I have not heard yet,if in
return the Senator from Kentucky and his friends
in the two Houses will vote to submit to the peo-
ple the proposition which we make. I suppose,
however, that if the proposition which we have
been debating should go to the people he would
probably oppose its adoption by the people 
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor?
Mr. DAVIS. I call the Senator to order, I
do not think it is in order to make a proposition
of bargain and sale between Senators. ;
Mr. HOWE. Things of no value, like Senators
and Representatives, 1 suppose can be bargained
and sold. I was simply saying to the Senatoc
from Kentucky (Mr. Powell] that I supposed
he would oppose the adoption of the amendment
which we have been debating here for several
days, as I should certainly vote against adopting
the amendment proposed by him. But I hav^
no objection to submitting his amendment to ths
people, and will vote to do so if the main propo-
sition will thereby go to the people with more
force. If we can in that way get his vote and
the votes of his friends to submit the main propo-
sition, I shall be very willing to do it, and I hope
the Senator from Illinois who has charge of thi*
measure will consent to it.
Mr. FOWELL. I cannot accept the propo 
sition of the honorable Senator from Wisconsin.
I am no political trader; I never have trafficked in
that way. Throughout my life I have acted polit-
ically independent, I have advocated or opposed
measures as I thought they were meritorious,
wise, and constitutional, or the opposite. I have
never yet so tarnished my political reputation as
to vote for or against a measure merely on parti-
san grounds. 1 stated distinctly to the honorabls
Senator that I was opposed to the amendment
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary. I
shall vote against it here, and if I shall have any
influence in other places I will exert it there against
it. I have presented my proposition, and i hope
it will prevail on its own merits. If the Senate
do not think it a wise provision to putin the Con*
stitution, if they do not think it will result in prac-
tical good, it is the duty of Senators to vote it
down. If they think it is wise, and will promote
the public interests, then, as honest men, and not
as political traders, I demand their votes for it.
It can in no way injure or mar the amendment
proposed by the Judiciary Committee. I present
