THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
Juno 29,
tucky or elsewhere upon this floor will rise hero
and say that that has not been the effect, and that
that is not now the object of the institution.
If the gentlemen from Kentucky are opposed
to the slave trade, as they say, and I believe they
are, if, as they also claim, this is nugatory, I ask
in God's name what harm will it do? Let us
obliterate atleast from our statute-books any rec-
ognition, even by implication, of the right to
transport skCves fiom one State to another, either
from Kentucky or any other State, north, south,
east, or west. I am in favor of any provision
which, will secure so desirable an end as to pre-
vent the carrying of slaves or the existence of sla-
very in any part of the country.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Chairman, I was not so
much provoked by the opposition of thegentleman
from New York to the amendment of the Senate
as to the tone of taunt, as 1 may call it, in which
he advised the membeis from the commercial dis-
tricts not to discuss this coastwise trade in any
respect, lest it should be brought to the attention
of the country, and in the end be all abolished. I
understood hfm to suggest that abolishing the
coastwise slave trade wiil lead to the abolition of
the coastwise trade. I venture to say that there
is not a Representative from any place in the
country, unless from the seceded States or the city
of New York, who would make that suggestion,
or really desne to abolish the coastwise trade.
Mr. COX. I will move an amendment for the
abolition of these navigation laws that give you
men of New England the monopoly of the carry-
ing tiadealony; the coast.
Mr. BLAINE. Do the New England States
enjoy any greater monopoly than the States winch
border upon the lakes? If you cut off the com-
merce of the lakes and the commerce along the
const what would become of the country? As a
commcicial people the city of New Yoik seem
to entertain the sentiment, umveisally that it
would be the great emporium upon this conti-
nent even if local interests weie broken down.
Strike down the navigation interest of the coun-
try, throw our carrying tiade into the hands of
the pauperized sailors of Europe, and 1 ask
whore the greatness and commerce of that city
would be ?
Mr. BROOKS. I have no doubt that if the free
tuule system existed for the city of New Ym k, if
it Were a free port with free powers ey< ry where,
and without any protection 4 ieen to coastwise
trade whatsoever, disincumbeivd of tnnO's and of
penalties, instead of heing a city of a million peo-
ple, in twenty years it would have three million
inhabitants.
Mr. BLAINE. Yes, sir, by beggaring the rest
of the country. That is a favorite idea with some
gentlemen, and I think it was first broached by
the gentleman fiom New York not now m his
Seat, [Mr. Eeunando Wood ] 1 think when se-
cession whs rampant in 1861 he took that ground
in New York, and proposed that New York
should be made afiee port. \ do not understand
that the gentleman who has just, spoken favors
that idea. 1 believe, however, a favorite idea
among the members of the peace party of New
York is that the rest, of the country, including
the commercial districts of the East, and the manu-
facturing mid agncuhural diMiiots, can be made
tributaiy to the greatmss of New Yoik in any
and every event. Sir, then- never was a grander
or greater mistake, and f am surprised that a gen*
tleman born and nurtured on New Englamfsoil
should come here, and by his language become the
mouthpiece and exponent of that unpatriotic and
un-American ton ign influence winch dominates
in New York. To-day in New York the senti-
ment is anti-American, and were it submitted to
the voters of the city of New Yoi k now whether
they would have'jVff. Davis Piesident or a loyal
Republican Union man North, Ji 0'. 13.i vis would
have thirty thousand votes ahead. [A Voice:
" What of that?"] What of that? Just tins: if
gentlemen suppose that the whole country will
contribute to the prosperity and growth of the
city under such circumstances, they are under a
profound delusion. Let the gentleman who said
" What of that" stand up and let mo look upon
him.
Mr. COX. Nobody said " What of that."
Mr. BLAINE. Ye'-,, hi., did.
Mr. COX. f will tell what ho meant by it.
Mr. BLAINE. Did the gentleman yay it?
Mr. COX. 1 did not say it, but I will tell what
the gentleman meant by it.
Mr. ELAINE. Let thegentleman explainfor
himself what he meant when he said " What of
that."
Mr. $0X. I suppose the gentleman under-
stood that was said in an ironical way to show
how utterly absurd the gentleman's proposition
was.
Mr. BLAINE. It seems the gentleman from
Ohio must come forward and apologize for every-
thing said on that side.
Mr. COX. I do not apologize to the gentle-
man.
Mr. BLAINE. I stand here to reproach the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] for the
unpatriotic suggestion that the great and wise nav-
igation laws of the country winch have made it so
great among all the nations of the earth should
be restricted in order that one great metropolitan
city may be built up,
Mr. COX. One word. The gentleman makes
an attack upon a member from New York who
is now absent from the House.
Mr. BLAINE. I have not attacked him at all.
Mr. COX. You say he was in favor of with-
drawing the city of New Yoik from the Union.
Now the gentleman must have heard the state-
ment of the member frotp New Yoik, when ho
said the other night that his object was to sepa-
rate the city of Now Yoik, not fiom the Union,
but from the legislation of the State of New York
itself, becauseof some collision between the State
authorities and the city. And moreover the only
gentleman who made any proposition m thisCon-
gress for the secession of the city of New Yoik
is now a major general of the United States, ap-
pointed by Mr.Lincoln, and is now traveling fiom
one end of this country to another. I mean Major
Geneial Sickles, a man who has pioved himself
a brave man.
Mr. BLAINE. I should infer fiom the de-
tailed manner in which the gentleman spoke, sav-
ing that if the arrangt men t could be made so and
so, sueh and such would be the result, and thai
New Yoik would become so great a eity—I eay
I should infer from all those details that the sub-
ject had been consideiably canvassed in the city
of New York.
Mr, RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
the gentleman will not overlook Philadelphia.
Mr. BLAINE. Philadelphia is a mere out post
to the city of New York, i understand the gen-
tleman used the language " What of that."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir,
and the gentleman who prompted you ought to
have known better.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman fiom Ohio
speaks about offering an amendment to let in ail
the British shipping on an equal footing with our
own. Let him just appeal to the House on that,
i I want him to go befoie the great trading interest
| of the Northwest on that question, i want him
to say to his constituents who border Lake Erie,
and to all his political associates on the north-
western lakes, that the cheaply built British and
Canadian vessels are to ho admitted to a free par-
ticipation in the grain tuide of that immense re-
gion.
Mr. COX. The gentleman froru Maine will
not hold still, [laughter,] no matter how I try to
restrain him; and 1 will have to ask .some mem-
ber over there to restrain him. [Laughter.] I
; believe this is an attempt, through an appropriu-
, tion bill, to repeal the eighth and ninth sections
j of an old law of 1794, with reference to the coast-
■ wise trade and to the slave trade. That is a law
comprising thirty-two sections, each section in-
terlaced with others, and ail bound up m the same
bundle, making a sort of code on that subject;
and this is an attempt to repeal U by a sweeping
clause that docs not even state the dafo of the
approval of the act. Such legislation I cannot
approve of.
Mr. BLAINE. And to improve upon that
which is so very crude the gentleman rose and
stated he would offer an amendment to abolish
all navigation laws on the subject.
Mr. COX. 1 am coming to that.
Mr. BLAINE. That is a very fine rider.
Mr. COX. The only reasoit why I do not
propose an amendment of that kind id 
Mr. BLAINE. That is a second thought; you
uaid you would do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Maine would
keen still 
Mr. BLAINE. You said you would intiodace
such an amendment. Now do it.
Mr. COX. You do not come from a coast-
wise State at all. You come from Washington
county, Pennsylvania. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAINE. And 1 am not ashamed of my
birthplace.
Mr. COX. I ask the gentleman to hold ptill
while I explain my object. At the proper time
and in the proper way I will move to strike down
all restiietions upon commerce. The interests
of agriculture which I represent are coincident
with those of commerce. I want the largest and
freest exchange of all commodities. I want the
light to buy where men can buy the cheapest,
and to sell where they can sell the dearest. We
will make money in that way, and will not make
money in any other way. We do not make it
by your protective bounties, by your monopo-
lies, by your marine or commercial restrictions.
I am for striking them oil down, and for giving
the largest reins to commerce the world over,be-
cause 1 believe that thus only will agricultural
interests be enhancq^ and aggiandized. I believe
that then we would get our commodities cheaper,
because it will cost less to bring them to market.
I would not cut off a steamboat from trading on
the Ohio liver because it, happened to be owned
in Kentucky; and on the same principle, based on
the everlasting piinciplesof political propriety, I
would allow vessels from Nova Scotia to trade to
Mame or to Chicago or Milwaukee. This was
a monopoly enjoyul by tlu? New England States.
Mr. BLAINE. Who gave it to un?
Mr. COX. Who gave it to your In early
times it was givm you by a comptomise with
southern men. You have biokenyour part of
the contiact and then hold the e.onsideiation.
Mr, BL'YINE. Mr. Speaker, 1 think the gen-
tleman has had about enough of my time.
Mi. COX. 1 think you have had about enough
of it.
Mr. BLAINE. Ob, you may go on, if you
have not exhausted yourself.
Mr. COX. 1 think I have about exhausted my
subject, ami wnh it myself also.
Mr. BLAINE. I yielded to the gentleman from
Ohio to offer an amend meat abolishing these coast-
wise restiie s io11f.
Mr. COX. I have not the time or path-nee to
draw up an amendment, and it would be commit-
tingthe same error which the amendment under
consideration involves if 1 were to undertake in
this hasty manner upon an appropriation bill to
legislate upon so important a subject.
Mr. BLAINE. If I may be allowed the re-
mark, 1 think the gentleman jumped a little too
quick. When he started out he saw nothing but
Yankee skippers and N< w England bottoms, but
when he came to find that his proposition would
also strike at the coastwise trade of the northern
lakes, tlmtit would affectLako Erie and the coast
of Ohio on which is a largo and prospeious
trade, he concluded he would not lute off Uis
nose to spite Ins face. In other words, the sober
second thought of the gentleman from Ohio lias
brought him to the reflection that the Northwest
enjoys quite as much immunity from the present
laws as the Northeast docs.
But, sir, 1 rose to respond to the insinuation of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
which has been so industriously taken up by the
gentleman from Ohio. 1 have heard aboutenough
of this gieat piotection which is extended to the
New England States, and of these threats to leave
New England out in the cold. 1 suppose in the
councils where the gentleman from Ohio associ-
ates the new western confederacy is a pmt of
their pohev.
Mr. COX, I have never advocated such a
thing. It is agratuitous slander, and the gentle-
man knows it.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman may say this,
but when i hear gravely discussed the pioposi-
tion to break up this Government, and leave out
in the cold the entire East, it occurs to me that u is a
game we can stand quite as well as the West can.
Now, sir, let me say, and I speak it with all due
respect for the jrreat and piosperous West, that
for her to undertake to set up as an independent
Power without access to the ocean m any direc-
tion, it can only be mentioned to bo laughed at.
