406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.:
txon. Writing on tins subject, Mr. Wheaton
says in his excellent work, page 520:
" A civil war between, the different members of the same
society is whatGrotiu? calls a mixed war; it is, according"
to frith, public on the side of the established Government,
arid private on the part of the people resisting its author-
ity. B,ut the general usage of. nations regaida s>uch a war
as entitling both,the contending parties to ail the rights of
war as against each inker, and even as respects neutral
nations.**
But I cl^tipi that there is nothing in this- sound
and necessary principle of public law which im-
plies in a case like ours that these States are out-
side of the Union and constitute a foreign nation.
It is not against the States as such that the war is
to be prosecuted, but against the people in the
States whoare in armed resistance to the authority
of the United States.
A rebellion exists within a portion of the States,
carried on by a portion of the people in those
States. They have for the time being prevented
the execution of the Federal laws within certain
boundaries, but their ordinances of secession, be-
ing invalid and unconstitutional, no force which
they may bring to maintain such acts can give
them legality until they shall successfully estab-
lish their separation, and this would be successful
revolution, and constitute them before the world
a distinct nation.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, this unfortunate result
of breaking up the Union may be aveited by wise
and prudent statesmanship; but, sir, I do not be-
lieve the policy advocated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] or that which is
presented by the President can do so. Sir, 1 am
for the Union of these States, not as subjugated
and conquered States, but as equal States, such as
oiu* fathers intended them to be.
The peoplcl have'lhe honor to represent on this
floor are for the old Union. I believe the people
of the entire Northwest are for that same Union
under Which tftfcy gtew up and prospered; but,
sir, that Union has been denounced on this floor.
The Constitution as it is and the Union as it was
are assailed not only by traitors in arms, but by
gentlemen in this House. They wantan amended
Union, an amended Constitution.
Sir, if the policy of this Administration and its
friends shall prevail, we nevershall havetheUmon
as it was nor the Constitution as it is. Sir, was u
for some other Union, some other Constitution,
that a million and a half of biavo and gallant men
have been sent to the fu Id and a debt of two or
three thousand million dollars incurred ? Sir, is all
this sacrifice of blood and t leastn e to result in the
dissolution of the old Union and the permanent
change of the old Constitution ? I trust not.
Mr. Speaker, we stand before the world to-day
a great military Power. The development of the
strength and vast resources of this country during
the war, both upon the sea and upon the land,
#have astonished the wotl<l,and are perhaps un-
paralleled in history; and who doubts, if thiw
combined strength had been u«ed for the simple
and the single purpose of vindicating the right-
ful authority of the United States, and restoring
nil the States with their rights and local institu-
tions unimpaired to the Union, accompanied by a
wise and conciliatory course of civil policy, fhat
the struggle would now be closed, the Union re-
stored?
If this war is to be continued for some other and
different purpose, if it is to be waged against the
property and local institutions of the States and
for the purpose of subjugation and conquest, as
advocated by the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Sticve.vs,] it cannot fail to excite
more desperate and united opposition on the part
of the South and continue the struggle much
longer, and finally terminate in the permanent
dissolution of the Union. Sir, there is a limit
beyond which this war, and boyond which no
war can be continued, without uttei and complete
bankruptcy and exhaustion, it must sooner or
later come to an end, and it becomes us wisely
and carefully to consider whether the highest con-
siderations of patriotism and duty to the people
of this country do not require that this war shall
be limited to the purposes announced on the part
of this Government at the commencement.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot concur in the doctrine
advocated here by the distinguished gentleman
from P( nnsylvania [Mr. Stevens] on the sub-
ject of confiscation, either as applied to real or
personal property.- I understand him to maintain
that by the laws of war the conqueror may seize
and convert everything that belongs to the enemy,
not only public property and the territory of the
enemy, but also the private property of individ-
uals, men, women, and children, both movables
and immovables.
Sir, no such instance has taken place since the
conquest of England by William of Normandy,
unless indeed the case quoted by the gentleman
from, Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevrns] of the conduct
of England with her subjects in India be author-
ity. Sir, it seems to me this is the last authority
which should be quoted before this House, The
conduct of Great Britain toward her India posv
sessions has been marked by a violation ofevery
law, public and private, and I trust will never be
adopted by this country, and no such doctrine
has up to this time been recognized or assented to
by the United States, as I will endeavor to show
before I close.
And now, first, as to real estate. Byaconquest
of an enemy's territory the successful party does
notobtain such absolute rights to the real estate as
will warrant him in disposing of the soil. He only
obtains the mere right of occupancy,and the pos-
session does not ripen into title unless it shall be
confirmed by treaty or by the total abandonment
by the conquered party of an effort to regain it.
But this doctrine does not include private prop-
erty, and has reference only to the property of the
belligerent enemy—to public property. On this
question Mr. Wheaton, in his excellent Treatise
on International Law, pages 596 and 597, says:
aIn ancient times both the movable and immovable
property of the vanquished passed to the conqueror. Such
was the Roman law of wai, olten asserted with unrelent-
ing Heveiiiy ; and such was the. fato of the Ho man prov-
inces subdued by the northern barbarians on the decline
and fall of the western empire. A laige portion, from one
third totwo thmHoi the lands belongiuj; toUtc vanquished
provincials, was confiscated and patUtioned among the
eoiKjiiei ors *
'* The hmt example in Rurope of such a conquest wab
that of I'ngland by William <>} Normandy, fciinee that pe-
i iod antoni,' the civilized nations of (Jlnistendoni conque.-t,
even when combined by a treaty of peace, lias been loi-
lowed by n<  geneial oi p.utial tun-mutation of landed
piopeify. The jnopoity belonmng to the Government of
tiie vanquished n.uion pa^e.-to the victouous State, which
also takes the place ot the former sovereign in respect to
the eminent domain. In other respects private rights aie
unaffected by conquest."
7,his authority is direct and in point, and the
same principle (if law has been recognized by this
Government on several occasions, to which 1 shall
refer hereafter.
Allow me again to read from Wheaton, pages
GS2 and (itO:
" We have seen that a firm possession, or the sentence
of a competent eomt, is sufficient to confirm the captor*,
title to personal property or movables taken in war. A
diilVient, rule is applied to real pioperty or immovables.
The ntigin.tl owni.i oi this specie- ol piopcifj h entitled to
what i < eailed tin: postliminy,and the title a< quir- d in war
mn-t he conliimed by a treaty of peace belore it can be
considered as completely valid. This rule cannot be tie-
quently applied tothe ease o! mere puvate property, winch
by the gonoial usage ot modem nation* is exempt jtom con-
fiscation. [t only becomes piaetiealiy important in ques-
tioiM arising out of alienation* of leal piopeity belonging
to the Government made by the opposite bolhgeicnt while
in mihtaiy occupation of the eounny. Such a title mu^t
be e.\piOio.ly conliimed by the tieaty ol peace, or by the
geneiul opeialionot the cession ot tenitoiy made by the
enemy in i-ueh tteatv."
It wif{ be obsened that this rub governs the
property belonging to the "Government" of the
conquered belhgeient,and does not apply to "mere
private property."
The rioctri in; that the conqueror may seize,
confiscate, and partition the private property of
the men, women, and children of the enemy, as
claimed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens] is one on which the United States
lias neveracted, buthas expressly repudiated,and
is a principle which its people will be slow to
adopt. But the rule could not be applied, e\en if
it existed, as claimed by the honorable gentleman,
to the war now existing between this Government
and those in rebellion against it, for the plain reason
that this war cannot result in such conquest as that
claimed by the honorable gentleman, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] The usurped or defucto government has
for the time bemgexcltided thoUnited States from
the exercise of their legitimate jui isdietion within
certain districts o! country; but this de facto power
is merely a usmpation, and has 110 legal title to
any of the territory over which it now excicises
jurisdiction, andhold-s by the mere naked right of
possession. It lias no such legal and firm rights
as, on the complete succcss of this Government
in regaining' its jurisdiction, will vest any addi-
tional right in this Government which it did not
possess prior to the rebellion. We merely come
again into the possession and exercise of the
rights and jurisdiction of which we have been <Je- 1
prived by the unlawful organization of the con-
federates; and when we so regain that jurisdiction
we can only exercise it under and by virtue of the
Constitution of the United States, and riot in the
character of conqueror.
But I ask gentlemen on the other side how they
regard those who are within the jurisdiction of the
de facto government, and who have aided in the
rebellion? Do they concur in the views of the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens?] Are they to be regarded as citizens
of the United States, and subject to our laws, or
as citizens of a belligerent Power5 If as citizens
subject to our laws, then it is clear, as already
stated in this debate, that they can only be pun-
ished and deprived of their property under the
provisions of our laws, passed in conformity with
the Constitution of the "United States. The Con-
stitution provides what shall constitute treason,
how it shall be proved, the place where, and how
the accused shall be tried.
Congress has been limited in its power to legis-
late upon the subject of treason, as it has been on
many other subjects. The punishment which
may he inflicted by way of forfeiture has been
limited by express provision.
Now, I contend that the Constitution having
defined what shall constitute treason, Congress
cannot by legislation make it something else, and
impose penalties prohibited by the Constitution;
because if Congress may by some new name pro-
vide for the punishment of levying war against
the United States by imposing new and additional
penalties and a different mode of trial from those
provided for in the Constitution, the limitation
tipo^sCongress referred to becomes a mere idle
proliiLiiion.
Having thus briefly considered the question of
the confiscation as to real estate, k't us for a few
moments examine the right of one belligerent to
seize and confiscate the personal property belong-
ing to private persons of the other belligerent; and
in this connection it will be proper to consider the
pioclamation of the Piesidcnt in relation toenisn-
cipation, and in relation to the mode bywliic.il
he proposes to bring this war to a close.
In the publication of the proclamation of De-
cember 8, 18G3, I understand the President litis
concluded that the period had arrived when it
would be ptoper to propose some terms of ad just-
ment forour difficulties which might result 111 the
restoration of peace. This proposition is founded
upon the theory of the emancipation proclama-
tion, and requires of that class of persons it is
intended to cmbrace an oath to support the eman-
cipation proclamations; and it thus becomes legit-
imate in this connection to examine the power of
this Government to emancipate slaves, either as a
power under the Constitution or as a war power.
(Jnder the Constitution of the United States we
cieaily have no powei to intirfere with slavery
in the States. This has been repeatedly declai ed
and announced by every department of the Gov-
ernment, by the Executive, by Congress,and by
the Supreme Couit.
Congiess as eatly as 1790 declared by resolu-
tion—
11 Tluit Congress ]iave 110 authority to interfere in rim
emancipation ol" Maves oi in tiie tienimenr oi them in any
el tiie States, it remaining with llie several States aieue 1<>
piuvuie rnie* and tebullition:, therein which iiuinanitj and
true policy may inquire.''
And on the Uth of February, 1861, a similar
resolution was adopted by the House of llepre-
scntathes without one dissenting vote.
On the 4th day of March, 1861, Mr. Lincoln
declared in his inaugural addtess:
"I have no purpose, ciiredly or indirectly, to mteifeie
with tile institution ot ni.ivciy in tiie States wllcio it ex-
ists. 1 believe i have no lawtui light to do so. and I have
ao inclination to do so."
And alter the rebellion broke out, when Fort
Sumter v.-as attacked, the Piesident, in the proc-
lamation winch he issued for seventy-five thou-
sand men, after leeitini; that combinations against
the execution of the laws too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the ordtnaiy course of judicial pro-
ceedings existed, he calls on these men "to sup-
