1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pending the war and before the war. Before the
war it was $8 90 a ton. It has since the war, by
the increase made necessary by it, become $34 05*
per ton. It will appear at once that the privilege,
if this is stricken out, of extending this exception
to the California portion of the road is a very ma-
terial one, and I would ask the Senator to accept
my suggestion; but I will let the vote be taken
firston the proposition of the Senator from Michi-
gan.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not think there will be
any occasion for the amendment which the Sen-
ator from California contemplates offering. The
question itself which the proposition of the chair-
man of the committee presents to the Senate was
before the committee, very carefully considered,
as he will remember, and we came almost to the
unanimous opinion that the enterprise would be
defeated unless the parties were permitted to im-
port their iron for two years. All the works in the
Union are now so full of employment by the Gov-
ernment itself that it is utterly impracticable to
get the iron here. I am sure that if the Senator
from Michigan was of that opinion he would not
gersevere in his amendment. It can be got from
Ingland, at a pretty high price, to be sure, but it
cannot be obtained in the United States in any
reasonable time; and, as I said in the beginning,
it was because of that information, coming to us
in such an authentic form that it could not be
doubted, that we came to almost the unanimous
conclusion that it would be well to give to these
companies the authority to import their iron for
a limited time.
Mr. HOWARD. What the Senator from Ma-
ryland says is entirely true; such was the senti-
ment of the committee when this matter was be-
fore them for consideration. I have since been
informed, however, by gentlemen well acquainted
with the iron trade, that it is very practicable to
profture the American iron in this country even
by introducing iron from abroad and exchanging
it for it. However that may be, I do not wish to
spin out the discussion, and I will therefore, by
the leave of the Senate, withdraw my amend-
ment, and permit the bill to stand as it is in this
respect.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to offer an amend-
ment. Section twelve provides " that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall be permitted
to transport its mails, troops, munitions of war,
supplies, and public stores upon as favorable
terms as individuals can secure the same service
from thecompany." I move to amend the section
by inserting after the word " service," inline six-
teen, these words:
Provided, That officers and enlisted men in the military,
naval, or revenue service of the United States, on furlough,
may pass over the roads named in this act at one half tile
rate established for other passengers, or one half the rate
contracted for by the United States for tiasportation, if less
than the rate established for other passengers.
The roads, in my opinion, will be debarred from
no income by the adoption of this amendment.
Furloughs to men in the Army and Navy of the
United States are very few; and hereafter when
our Army or Navy may be established on the
Pacific coast the distance over this road will be
so great that if charged the usual fare they will
not be able to reach their homes. It is my ex-
perience that men in the public service,on account
of the tax thus imposed, have been deprived of
the privilege of visiting their families when it was
perhaps important that they should be allowed
to do so. My opinion is that theadoption of this
provision will secure the traval over the road of
an increased number of passengers, and in the
end secure as much income as would be received
without the provision, i am in favor of the bill
to every extent, and I trust this amendment will
meet the approbation of Senators.
Mr. WILKINSON. Is the amendment sub-
ject to amendment? [" No."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
second degree now.
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
having perfected the substitute, will now proceed
to the first amendment of the committee to the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the amend-
ments be taken together.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that we shall take
the question on all the amendments together, un-
less some gentleman wishes to except a particu-
lar one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators do
not understand the Chair. The committee to
whom this bill was'i eferred reported the bill back
with sundry amendments to the originaj bill.
They afterwards reported an amendment by way
of substitute. The Senate has perfected the sub-
stitute, but has not acted upon the amendments to
the original bill. Those must be first disposed of.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then to have it under-
stood, we do nofr want to adopt the amendments
to the original bill. If we reject them, then this
substitute will come up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that they may be all rejected together
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will be done;
or, to make it more formal, I move that the Sen-
ate disagree to the former amendments of the
committee to the original bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken,if there be no objection. TheChair
hears none, and those amendments are rejected.
The substitute of the committee, as amended,
was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out the
latter half of section four, on page 15.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me appeal to theSen-
atorfrom Indiana; let us now get the bill into the
Senate, and then it will be open to amendment,
and we shall not have to vote twice, and that will
get rid of these other amendments. "
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be reported to the
Senate, and then it will be open to amendment
still.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring, in the Senate, with the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want a vote on my
proposition.
' Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is now in order, I
move the amendment which I suggested before.
It is on page 15, section four, to strike out the res-
idue of the section after the word " road" in line
ten. The words to be stricken out are:
And m case said company is desirous of becoming pur-
chasers of the fee of such lands containing coal and iron
ores, patents therefor shall be issued to said company by
the Government of the United States at the price at which
such Government lands are sold at the time such patents
issue: Provided, That said company shall, within ten
years, make its selection of the hind it desires to purchase,
and that the lands so selected shaU not exceed in area one
huudied thousand acres.
It will be observed by the Senate that the first
part of this section allo.ws the company to go
upon the Government lands ad joining its road for
the purpose of getting material for the construc-
tion of the road, and going also upon mineral
lands for the purpose of aiding in the construc-
tion of the road. That is all right. I think that
is very proper. But the part of the section which
I propose to strike out contemplates that the
company shall become the owner in fee, not with
the view of selling but of holding, to the extent of
one hundred thousand acres of coal and iron lands.
I cannot see Lhe propriety of this. Is it the in-
tention of the Senate that this railroad corporation
shall become a mining company or a company
manufacturing iron? The Senate has already
decided that thecompany shall not go on the ad-
joining lands for the purpose of getting iron to
'keep the road in repair—that question was de-
cided on Saturday by an amendment then adopted
—but only for the purpose of constructing the
road. Why, if that be the view of the Senate in
that regard, shall the Senate allow to this corpora-
tion the privilege of becoming the owner in fee at
$1 25 an acre, of valuable iron and coal lands when
those lands if exposed, according to the general
laws of the United States, at public sale might
bring very much more when purchased by citi-
zens ?
A further obj^ption which I have is that the
power of this corporation will be quite sufficient
without allowing it to go into the industrial pur-
suits which are ordinarily reserved from corpo-
rations to the citizens.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate adjourn.
["Vote," "Vote."] Will you guaranty a vote
within half an hour?
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOOT. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
trot be adopted. I do not wish to spend time in
discussing iu It has been fully discussed before.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. There was one amendment
made in committee upon which I wish to take a
vote distinctly, and that was in section two, re-
lating, to contracts for labor,service, materials,Ac.
It was struck out in Committee of the Whole, and
I wish now to insert the clause with a modifica-
tion. ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
must move to insert the words.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to insert the clause
inthis/orm:
All contracts for the grading, building, and construction
of said railroad, and for supplying the rolling stock thereof,
which may be made by or on behalf of said company, shall
be terminable at the pleasure of said company, or of the
directors thereof, by notice in writing to the other contract-
ing parties, their heirs, executors, administrators, or as-
signs ; and upon and after service of such notice, all li-
ability and obligation on account thereof, on the parlor the
company, shall cease and determine, except in sofaraa
performance shall be by either party required during the six
months next succeeding such service; and al! such con-
tracts of said company shall contain, or be deemed to con-
tain, a clause providing for such termination thereof.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is rather a severe pro-
vision, and I think that was spoken of in com-
mittee. Withouttheamendment.itwillbein the
power of the company to insert a clause of that
sort in their contracts; but with the amendment,
all contracts would be liable to that reservation of
power on the part of the company,and I am very
much inclined to think that no good contractor
perhaps would be willing to enter into a contract
of that description.
Mr. HOWARD. The great object is to pro-
tect the rights and interests ofthe company against
any possible fraud that might be committed by one
board of directors in the letting of the vast con- .
tracts which will have to be let. For instance, a
board of directors this year might let upon con-
tract the construction of the whole road between
the one hundredth degree and the western bound-
ary of Nevada Territory, and the contractors
would have aright to go on upon the contract and
construct the entire line at the price fixed by the
first board of directors, and the company would
forever be without any remedy. It does seem to
me that this is exposing the company.
Mr. FOSTER. Allow metoaak the Senator,
if such a contract should be made and fraud could
be proved between the directors and contractors,
does he hold that the company would be bound
by it?
Mr. HOWARD. Such aeon tract may be made
without the slightest fraud.
Mr. FOSTER. If an honest contract, why
should it be broken?
Mr. HOWARD. An honest contract but to-
tally ruinous to the company.
Mr. JOHNSON. The effect of that will be
that if the contract, in the judgment of the com-
pany, is to be a losing one to the contractor, it
will not be put an end to; but if by a change of
circumstances it is obvious that it will be to the
interest of the company to put an end to it be-
cause it will give to the contractor what he expects
to make, the company will put an end to it. I
understand that a similar provision is to be found
in very many of the charters which have been
granted to these companies, and that it has been
found not to act prejudicially. It appears to me,
however, to be a very unjust provision.
Mr. HOWARD. I look upon it, with great
deference to the opinion of others, as a very es-
sential provision to be contained in this charter.
I think it will be promotive of the interests of the
company and of the public; but I will not spend
any time in discussing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is the same proposition
that we discussed at length the other day and
voted upon and voted it out of the bill. I am so
anxious to get a vote on this bill and action on it
to-night that I will take up no time; but we dis-
cussed this matter at considerable length; I think
it is a one-sided arrangement, and I hope the
amendment will not be adopted.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 14, noes 17.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeasand nays.
[" It is too late."] It is a very important amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has twice
voted it down.
