THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED "BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
press said combinations and cause the laws to be
executed." He further slates:
<c The utmost cure will be observed, consistently with the
object aforesaid, to avoid any devastations, any destruction
ot or any interfei ence with pioperty, or distuibance ot peace-
ful citizens in any pait of the countiy."
But these declarations do not end here. 'Let
me add the plain and complete statement made by
the Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, in his letter
of 22d April, 1861, written to Hon. William L.
Dayton, our minister at Paris. This letter, it
will be observed, was written after the commence-
ment of hostilities, and after the call had been
made for the seventy-five thousand men; and it
seems to me to leave no doubt as to the opinions
then entertained by the President of his powers
in relation to the institutions of the States:
"Moral and physical causes have determined inflexibly
the chaiacter ot c.icb one of the Ten i tones over winch the
di.-piitf has ai ison, and both parties, after tlie election, har-
moniously agieed on all the Federal law* required for their
organization. The Teintories will remain in all respects
the same, whether the i evolution shall succeed or shall tail.
The condition of slavery in the several States will remain
just the .-ame whether it succeed or fail. Th^reis not even
a pretext for the eomplittni that the disaffected State- are
to be conquered by the United States if the revolution fail;
for the rights of the State*, and the condition ol eveiy hu-
man being in them, will letnam subject to exactlj the same
laws and foim- of admini-ti ition, whether the jevolution
shall succeed 01 whethei it shall laii. In the one ca^e. the
States would be federally connected with the new confed -
eiacy ; in the other, they would, as now, be membeis or the
United States; bus then constitutions nnd laws, customs,
habit-, and institutions, m either case will remain the same.
" It i-. hardly neees^aiy to add to thi- incontestable state-
ment the further fact that the new Piesident, as well as the
citizens thiough whose suffrages he has come into the Ad-
ministration, has always repudiated all designs whatever
and wheiever imputed to him and them of diMuibmg the
system of slavery as it is existing under the Constitution
and laws. The case, however, would not be fully presented
if 1 weie to omit to say that any such effort on his part
would beunconj-tuutional,andali hisaetion« in that dnee-
tion would be pievcnted by the judicial authority, even
though they were assented to by Congress and the people."
In July of the same year, Congress passed the
celebrated Crittenden resolution, b$- which it was
declared—
"That in this national emergency Congicss will forget all
feeling or' mere passion 01 resentment, and will recollect
only its dul}' to the country; that the war is not waged on
our part in any spirit of oppiession, nor in any ^piiit of eon-
quest or subjugation, not tor the purpose of overthrowing
or interfering with the light* or e-tabli-hed institutions of
those States, but  o defend and maintain the supremacy of
the Constitui ion, and pieseive the Union with all the dig-
nity, equality, andnuht-ofthe several States uinmpaned;
and as soon as those objects are attained the war ought to
cease."
1 understand now, from the action on the other
side of the House, and by the action of the Presi-
dent of the United States, that ail these public
pledges and solemn declaiations are repudiated,
and that this war is to be waged for "conquest and
subjugation,"and "for the purpose of overthrow-
ing and inteifeting with the rights and established
institutions of the States."
I wish to inquire where the President finds
power to accomplish that which Mr. Seward, in
the letter already quoted, said would "be unconsti-
tutional." It will not, 1 suppose, be pretended by
the other side of the House that the President has
any constitutional power to interfere with slavery
or private property or the local institutions of the
States.
Sir, 1 desire to state it as my deliberate opinion
that if the principles declared in the resolution of
that wise and lamented statesman, Mr. Critten-
den, had been in good faith adheied to and main-
tained, the rebellion would have been subdued
before this and the Union restored. How is this
power of emancipation exercised ? On the theory
of the President and by that of the learned gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] it is
one of the legitimate powers of war, which one
belligerent may exerctse against another. Well,
Mr. Speaker, I take issue on that question. I
assert it here as a principle, recognized and en-
forced at least on one memorable occasion by this
country, that private property on land is not sub-
ject to seizure and confiscation by an enemy.
Sir, I do not defend slavery. 1 am not us ad-
vocate or friend. 1 have no interest whatever in
the institution. If it must die as a legitimate
2<)
SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1864.
result of the organization of the rebellion, let it
perish; but I beseech you let not the blow be
struck by this Government in violation of the
organic law and the rights of the States. I am
now arguing a question of power, the exercise of
which I believe unwarranted either by the Con-
stitution of the United States or by the law of
nations, and which I believe can only result in
prolonging this unfortunate contest. Well, if this
power to emancipate slaves cannot be found to be
authorized by the Constitution, as I apprehend
no man will contend who isatall acquainted with
the provisions of that instrument, can it be de-
duced from the war power as a belligerent right
under the theoryof the gentleman fiom Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens ?j I insist that it cannot.
I respectfully submit to this House that this
Government has already fully discussed this ques-
tion, and, so far as it could do so, has committed
itself to the doctrine " that the emancipation of
enemy's slaves is not among the acts of legitimate
war." I refer to the questions growing out of the
treaty of Ghent, and the discussion of this precise
question, which was conducted on our part mainly
by John GUtincy Adams.
In the war of 1812, which was waged by us in
vindication of" free trade and sailot s' rights, "one
of the means employed by Gteat Britain to cripple
and weaken the United States wtis by seizing and
emancipating slaves in the southern States.
Admiral Cocluane issued proclamations to in-
duce the desertion of slaves from their masters,
and British generals in the army took possession
of large numbers. At least three thousand were
carried away, besides which ten times that number
who had been enticed from their masters died of
disease in Bi itish camps, and it becamea question
of great interest whether an enemy under- the law
of nations had the right to emancipate the slaves
of a belligerent. The question led to a long and
able discussion, and resulted in fixing an obligation
on the part of Great Britain to p?iy for the slaves
she had thus seized and emancipated, amounting
to about a million and a quat ter of dollais; and this
payment was made on a claim set up by this Gov-
ernment, and I think successfully maintained,
" that the cmancipatiun of enemy's slaves is not among
the acts of legitimate tuar."
The question had been referred by the respect-
ive Governments to the arbitration ofihe Emperor
of Russia; and Mr. Adams, as Secretary of State,
in the instructions which he prepared for our min-
ister at St. Petersburg, under date of July 5, 1830,
asserts broadly the doctrine that slaves belonging
to private individuals are pnvate property, and
could not be lawfully taken.
He writes:
" With the exception of mantlme cnptuics, private prop-
erty in captured place-; is by the Jaws of nations respected ;
none could Iawtuily be taken." * * * * "The
13utish nation, a  wdl a* the United States, consider slaves
as propei ty; slaves belonging Lo private individuals as pri-
vate piopeity."
Asrain, in wiiting to Mr. Rush, then at London,
on the 7th of July, 1820, Mr. ^Vdams asserts the
doctrine in clear and distinct terms. He says:
" The principle is that the emaniipatiunof enemy's slaves
is not fonong the acts of laiithnatc tear. As ielates to the
owner-, it is a destruction of puvati' piopcrtv nowhere
warranted by the u-aures ot' war. Tim pimeiple must, I
think, be peeuliaily l.uwhar to the Empeior ot Russia, and
may be pre—ed upon his attention m the case of lefeience
with effect."
But in a letter wiitten by him to Mr. Middle-
ton on the same subject, bearing date October 18,
1830, the Secretary of State, Mr. Adams, urges the
same doctrine with still greater force and earnest-
ness:
He says:
" In the statementof the British ground ofargument upon
the claim in tiie submission, they have broadly asserted the
right ot eniancipntineMavcb-—private piop.'ity —a< a legiti-
mate rifht ot war. Thi-usutt< ily incompieficn-ibie on the
part of a nation whose subjects had -laves by million45, and
who m tins ver> tieaty leeomn/.cd them a-> private piop-
eit\. No ^ueh light is acknowledged as a law of w.ir by
wiiter* who admit any limitation. Tii" light of putting to
death all pn-soner-< in cold blood and without special cattle
might a- well be pretended to be a law of war,oi the right
to u.-e poisoned weapon-, or to assassinate. X think the em-
peror will not lecognize the right of emancipation a lcgiti-
JNew Series No. 26.
mate warfare,and am persuaded you will present the argu-
ments against it."
Mr. Benton, speakingof the result of this con-
troversy in his Thirty Years in the Senate, "de-
clares that
"The indemnity exacted carried along with it the con-
demnation of the practice as a spoliation of private prop-
erty to be atoned for,and was both a compensation forthe
past and a warning for the future. It implied a responsi-
bility which no power or art or time could evade, and the
principle of which being established, there will be no need
for arbitrations."
It seems to me that this discussion with Great
Britain, maintained on our part on the principle
that slaves were private property, and that by
the usages of war the destruction of private prop-
erty was not warranted, and after receiving pay
for the " private property" thus claimed by our
Government and by Mr. Adams to have been
seized by Great Britain in violation of the law of
nations, should now be considered by this country
as settling the question so far as this Government
is concerned, and we should now be estopped
from calling it in question; unless, indeed, we shall
first return the money which was paid usbyGreat
Britain, and repudiate the action of this country
in that controversy.
But we have repeatedly recognized the doctrine
that private property is not, by the usage of na-
tions, subject to seizure and confiscation by-an
enemy. Chief Justice Marshall, in the case of
the United States vs. Percheman,(7 Peters,) lays
down the rule that private property, by the mod-
ern usages V nations, is not subject to be seized
and confiscated by an enemy, and [ am surpiised
to hear the gentleman from Pennsylvania so earn-
estly controverting this doctrine.
Gentlemen will also remember the able corre-
spondence of Mr.Secretary Marcy with the French
minister, Count Sartiges, having reference to the
propositions of public law laid down by the con-
gress at Paris, in which it was claimed by that dis-
tinguished statesman ?hat the doctrine that pri-
vate property on land should be exempt from seiz-
ure by the enemy, and which was fully admitted
as a principle of public law in that congress, should
also be extended to private property on sea. The
correspondence was ably conducted by Mr. Mar-
cy, and reflects lasting credit upon him as a states-
man of enlarged and liberal views. I beg the at- e
tention of the House while I read a few words
from this able State paper. I read from page 38,
Message and Documents, 1856-57:
"The wanton pillage or uncompensated appropriation of
individual pi opeity by an army, even in possession of ene-
my'- countiy, is against the usages of modern times."
Again:
" The underMcned is diiected by the President to say that
to this puuciple of exempting pnvate property upon the
ocean as well as upon the land, applied without restriction,
he yields a most ready and willing assent."
<k The reasons in favor of the doctrine that private prop-
erty should be exempted from seizure in the operations of
war aie considered in this enlightened age so contiollxng
as to have secured its paitial adoption by all civilized na-
tions; but it would be difficult to find any substantial rea-
sons tor the distinction now lecoguized in its application to
such pioperty on land and not to that winch is lound upon
the ocean."
And on page 42, speaking of the practice ofseiz-
ing piivate property on sea, he says:
'♦Justice and humanity demand that this practice should
be abandoned, and that the rule in relation to such pi operty
on land should be extended to it when found upon the high
'sea*."
Sir, I respectfully submit that the authorities
which I have presented establish the doctrine that
private property upon land is not, by the modern
usages of nations, subject to seizure and confis-
cation by a belligerent.
But, sir, the paramount and all-absorbing ques-
tion, which we cannot avoid if we would, and
which we should not if we could, still forces itself
upon us: How are we to conclude this war, and
preserve the union of the States? How does the
President arid his friends on the other sido of this
House propose to do it ? Not, I answer, by sim-
ply breaking down the rebellion and bringing to
punishment Us most guilty leaders. This will not
satisfy the Administration.
Something more is required before the war shall
