THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
r.oth, Cox, Cravens, Dawson, Demmg, Denison, Dixon,
Eden, Edgeiton, Eldiidge, F.unsvvorth, Finck, Gooch,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Herrick, Holrnan, John II.
Hubbard, Jenckcs, Philip Johnson, Kalbflei&cli, Knapp,
Le Jilond, Malloiy, Marcv, Mclndoe, McKinney, Middle-
ton, James R. Morris, Moirison, Leonard Myers, Noble,
JoJm O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, AlexanderII.
Rice, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Sehenck, Smith,Spald-
ing, Stiles, Sirouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Van Valken-
burgh, Wadsworth, Elilm B. Washburne, Webster, Chil-
ton A. Whir'e, and Winfield—56.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ashley, Baily, Baxter,
Beaman, Blair, Broomall,'William G. Brown, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T.- Davis, Dawes, Donnelly, Drtggs, Eliot, Eng-
lish, Fenton, Frank, Gauson, Garfield, Hooper, Hotchkiss,
Asakel W. Hubbnid, Hulburd, Ingersoll, Julian, Kelley,
Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, ICnox, La2ear,L ittlejohn, Long-
year; McBride, McClnrg, Sam Pl F. Miller, Moorhead,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth,
I'erham, John £1. Rice, Edward Ii. Rollins, Ross, ^cofield,
£>hatmon, Sloan. Smtthers. Joint B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Thomas, Tracy, Up-on, William B. Wash-
burn, Wlmlry, Wheeler, Joseph \V. White, Wilder, Wil-
son, and Windom—fi4.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. JamesC.Alien, William J. Al-
len, Alley, AugustinC. Baldwin,John U. Baldwin. Blame,
Blow, ttmmvcil, Boyd, Brandcgee, Brooks, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. (Mark, Fieemau Clarke,
Clay, Oreswell, Henry Winter Davis, Uumont, Eekley,
Grider,GrmmH, Gnswold, Hale, Hall, Harrington, Charles
M. Uairis, Higby, flutchins, William Johnson, Ka^on,
Francis W. Kellogg, King, Law, Loan, Long, Marvin,
McAllister, McDowell, William H. Miller, Morrill, Nel?on,
OdHI, Patterson, Peiry, Pike, Potneroj, Price, Prnvn, li.ut-
ford, William IJ. Randall, Rogers, Scott, Stan, Stebbms,
Vom lines, Ward, Williams, Jkuijamm Wood, Fernando
Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—02,
So the evening session was not dispensed with.
LEAVES OF ABSENCE.
Mr. PENDLETON asked and obtained leave
of, absence for Mr. McDowell, on account of
sickness in his family, and stated that Mr. Mc-
Dowell was paired with Mr. McJndoe.
Mr. LOAN asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence fur the rest of the session for Mr. Ander-
son.
Mr. HOLMAN asked and obtained like leave
ofubsence for Mr. Harrington, who was paired.
PRINTING OF A BILl,.
Mr. FENION asked and obtained ait order to
have Senate bill No. 232 printed, with a view to
its being acted on to-morrow.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MALLORY. I now offer to the bill the
amendment which I sought tonJFer m committee.
Mr. STliV ENS. The amendments of the gen-
tleman from New York and the gentleman ftom
Kentucky being in, I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the Senate amendments.
I he picvious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to Ik; put.
i he Ii there be uo objection, the
recommendations of the Committee oft lie Whole
on the state of the Union will be adopted on all
the amendments except those oil which a separate
vole shall be usked.
There was no objection.
Mr. LSROOKS mid Mr. MALLORY demanded
separnto votes upon their amendments.
i lie riI?EA ICEll stated the question to be first
upon the amendment of Mr. Brooks, whieh was
to sink.' "ill Ih,; thirtieth amendment of the Sen-
ate und msu't in lieu tluivofthe following:
That the joint committee on veniilation be authorized
Jo eX'-eun- M>me plan ibi incitMHiig the ventilation ot' the
tuo Mou es <«i (.'Diijjri^-! not involving a change in then
s Mi' (i!i''. and that the -uni o! i-. heu'hy appiopn
fed, ot -o much thejeoi as shall be m'ce.-s.ity, to c.ui\ n.t«>
cheer am plan that may Ik; ngiecd upon by the coniiiiiitee
aJonjidid oi b; a sub-committee theieof.
^ Mr. IIOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
1 hat amendment makes an appropt nuion, and is
not m order to be offered in the House.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question ot order on the ground that it is geiinune
to the Senate amendment,
AJr. MORRILL. I ask the consent of the
House to continue the session until this bill has
been disposed of.
Mr. [IOLMAN. I object.
Tue hour ot half past four having arrive
House took a recess till half past seven o'
d, the
elock.
EVENING PUSrilQ.V
The U'im.'o ir i-v mhlrd af half pa-f iv-.vn
0 olock.
NKIV VOIIK Ct'STOM-lIOUSE.
Mi. HULliURD, by unanimous consult, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the members ot the committee on public
expenditures who have hitherto conducted the New Yotk
custom house investigation have leave to sit during the re-
cess of Congress for tfie purpose of taking testimony, with
the same powers and authority as heretofore possessed by
said committee in said Investigation.
15USINESS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I send up the following
resolution, and ask unanimous consent for its
adoption:
Resolved, That all subjects before the Ilousc of Repre-
sentatives at the close of the present ^esMon, including
those belore the committees, Miall hrt continued to the next
session, and .shall then be pioccedcd with in the same man-
lier as though no adjournment had taken place; and paper*
winch have been refened to committees, and may be in
their possesion at the close of tho?-ession,>diall be returned
informally to the Cleik of the flou-e and by him restored
to committees when appointed at the next beasion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not tlmt
.ilreudy piovideii for by the rules of Ihe House?
The SPEAKER. Under the piesont rule it is
substantially provided for. Rule 136, found on
paste 33 of Barclay's Digest, embraces all that is
embraced in the gentleman's resolution, except
House resolutions referred to committees.
Mr. CROOTCS. Then I will object to the gen-
tleman's resolution.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a. privileged ques-
tion i call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which Senate hill No. 151, relating to enlist-
ments, and for other purposes, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, iwith-draw the
motion to reconsider j.o report the bill back with
various amendments.
If it be the pleasure of the House, instead of
having the amendments read 1 can abridge the
labor very much by explaining the amendments,
the firinted bill being in the hands of gentlemen.
The bill as ot iginally introduced and passed in
the Senate was a bill to promote enlistments in
the Army of ihe United States, and for other pur-
poses. U came to the House of Representatives
and was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, where it has been amended from time to
time. It has now become necessary to strike out
several of the sections of the bill for the reason
that the Senate at one time and another have in-
corporated nearly everything in the original bill
as amendments to other bills. We strike out the
first section of this bill us it has been already
passed, I believe, in the very words in the Army
appropuation bill, k provides that—
All enlistments hereafter made in the regular Army of
the United tftaie«., daring the continuance ot the present
lehetlion, shall be toi tlu; teim ot tlneo yeau.
The second section has also been passed in the
soldier?5 pay bill. It provides that—
All non-eoimni —toned ofliecrs and privates in the re?u-
1,U( Aimv m'ivuis niitl«-r enlistments made prior to July'I>-},
1601, -hail have die pm-ib-ne ol rcenhsinii,' lor the teun ot
three )'Mis iiiilicii ie-j>i;etn e m^.uu/.aiioiis until tin1 lstol
May ne\i ; and ail sin h non-eommit-fioned oliieei^ and
pi iv.lies vo reeiil|s(ni£f >ba!l be entitled to the bounties mcn-
the joint i solution of'Congress approved January
The thiid section lias also been passed in the
soldiero' p.iy bill. It provides that—
Oili. • is ab-.eut fiiiin diuy, with leave, tor a peuod not
exceeding ten <l?i > sha11 be put i tied to receive lull pay and
allow a nee •; tor Mich p.-iiod : and much ol ^oction t-hutj*-
i-iK' oi iii«' " Af t lot eiii'o'liii^ anil callinil out the national
loieo, and u>i oihei |i,ii|>hm^' nppiovod'iMdicha, l«i>a, as
is ii,eon i-teut heicwiib, be, and l!ie tianie is hereby, io-
pealed.
It p.i>providing that the aggregate absence
of an ollieer, with leave, should not be more than
thirty days m any one year.
The fouuh section piovides that—
^ccUon !Ini ty-il% e of the '*Act for enrolling and ca'liiig
out I lie nat 'on a I foic and for othei ptu po^e- apj)i oved
Marco lL!W. shall not bu eon>Ltuecl to piolubit enlisted
men <u the iMilitaiy AcMdemy tiom lecciving the extra j ay
tliei eioioi <• allowed by law to en! it ted men when employed |
at eonM.iiit lahoi of not ios than ten dav>, noi to apply to i
enlisted men employed as clerks and mes (:n2''rs ui tin - nut- i
it<i i v olhees in Wa.shrmton and at The -e\ eial gen^i iphio.il
division .md depat tun'iit headqiru teisi. " [
Tiiosc ioor secisouw having all been the subicet i
of Ic^it-dation aie sMieken out. '' \
Tli'-n choirs Ihe f
re'( reive to tin bat
vides that—
1 Ii.1 «>)!"*i'  hi eon in.iiiil o{ | he I'a'f - il '<>') of ej>','ineei m
ine ic^UivU A i n, v !u aii'-wi u tlie p.1} and emoluments <■! a
'ion \\ r pi opos-  to in^erl t;i ;
uii ol eugineuis. it pio- :
lieutenant colonel of engineers, and that there he allowed
to the ^aid battalion one adjutant, one quaitermastei and
commissary of subsistence, to be selected from the lieuten-
ants on duty with the battalion, with the *ame compensa-
tion as is allowed to regimental quartermasters arid adju-
tants respectively.
1 -will explain that in a few words. There were
four companies of engineer soldiers in the old or
regular Aimy, consisting of one hundred and fifty
men each, and one company of ooe hundred men
for the topogiaphical engineers. By the legisla-
tion of last session the topographical engineers
and the engineers proper were brought together
to make a battalion. There being one hundred
and fifty men in the engineercompanies andonJy
one hundred men in the topographical company
we have provided in the third section of the sub-
stitute that—
The President shall be authorized to reciuit the fifth
company of cud battalion of engineer**, which was nans-
fened from the topographical engineers, up to the full num-
ber of the other companies of the battalion, being; a maxi-
mum ot one liundied and fitty men to the company.
The battalion will then consistoffivecompanies
of one hundred and fifty men each,and it is pro-
vided that the commander of that battalion of
seven hundred and fifty men shall have the pay
and emoluments of a lieutenant colonel. That
is only fair and just.
The next section of the bill provides that—
There >hall he added to the battalion of engineers one
sei^eant major and one quartermaster sergeant, who shall
al-o be commissary sergeant, and each shall have the pay
ot a Mjrgeaut of engineers.
We propose to strike tlmtout, it already having
become a law in the soldiers' pay bill.
The Senate bill next provides that—
In addition to the cavahy, infantry, and artillery pro-
vided for by the act approved July 22, 1861, " to author-
ize the employment ol volunteers to aid in enforcing the
lavvd and piotecting public property,53 there he added regi-
ni'-iit-j ot volunteer engineers in the proportion, as the
President may direct, not to exceed one company to each
hi i ade oi tniantry, and to be organized or established by
cMstuig ovulations, have the >ame pay and allowance of
engiiieeis m the icgular Army, and be subject to the rules
and 11111< les of war.'1
The Committee on Military Affairs propose to
stnkc that out. It proposes to raise a company
ot engineers for each biigade of infantry. Theie
arc now three or four hundred brigades of infant-
ry m our armies, and that would authorize the
uiismg of four hundred companies of engineers,
which would be equivalent to forty regiments of
men, who are to be paid higher than any other
branch of the service. We did not think that
forty regiments of engineers were necessary. Jn
lieu of the Senate bill we have provided in the
Mibhtitute that—
The Picsident shall be authoilzed to raise legimems of
volunteer engineers, not exceeding in all ten legiment--,
including tho.se now in setvice and alieady authorized by
law, which legimerits shall be oiganized in the t-amfiinau-
ntr an i? provided b\ exidtuu; hnv> and lobulations iur en-
gineer ie«iincnts and put upon the same tooting as to pay
and allowance*: Provided,hov.-ecet, That the officers and
soldiers of such regiments of engineers shall be exercised
in infant!j tactics and (hill, and may be employed at any
time at the dlscietion of the gtmeiai commanding in the
field to serve a& infantry.
The next section of the substitute provides
that—
For the performance of topographical and such other du-
ties as b} then eoiumandnig othc-is shall be leqiiiml of
them, the Piesiijeut is authorized to appoint the loilmvmg
stad'ollicers to.seiveuuringthe existing rebellion : toreaeh
division m the field, one engineer, with the rank", pay, and
emolument-' of a captain ot eavalivj foi each coipo in tne
field, one engineer, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of
a majoi of eavaliv ; and lor each aimy m the lidd, eohsi-t-
mir of moie than one Ai my u rps} one engineer, with the
lank, p i \, and emoluments of a colon-I ot cavahy, and all
with the innk, pay, and emoluments ot a captain of cav-
alrs ; the engineerotheers thus piovided for to be appointed
by the frond, n t, on th j recommendation of the commander
el the anny to u bxeh they are liM assigned, fiom the Ai my
o: lioni civil lite, m the same manner a^ heietolore pio-
vided by Jaw for the appointment ot aids-de camp to a
i oi p^ ei.mmandei, and any enlisted man so appointed shall
be deduuged by such promotion.
Tile next section provides—-
Tli.it commanding olliceis may detail from their com-
iiinmN such non-commissioned olheers and priv.uts, as
di au^hftinen and assisiauis to their engineer?-, as thev may
de'"ii ueees,;il\, who si);di rrcc j.v i\ v\ bile on silehdilt\.
the pay aini allowances au'hoi ized bv law t "> serire.oifs of
eii'.'i'iei'i- . i-'/c.ii('C'/,,J'hat no eimuii-er shall be entitled to
m' ;e tb ia i ne,; and no corps engineer to nioi'' than lour
MH ii .issisi.mts.
ri'!iis whole subject of the engineer cosps \va^
thoi ou^hly cuHideii d, and coiibultation was had
wi.'it me head of that corps and the ^Secietary of
Wvi. The eor.iniittee coticluJt u to bunt1 he loice,
