1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,-
14M
except some in New England; and the Govern-
ment was induced, most unwisely as it prov^
afterwards, to use their irredeemable notes for
currency. By the urgent advice of Mr. James
Gallatin, who was referred to by the honorable
member from New York as <4 the representative
man of a great class of financiers m this coun-
try," the banks in the city of New York decided
in December, 1861, to suspend specie payments;
and their example was promptly followed through-
out the country. The Secretary of the Treasury
was then strongly urged to adopt the same course
as in 1812, but he positively refused to receive
and circulate their notes, even for the balance that
was still due from the banks on account of the
Government loans they had taken. This was the
cause, and, in my opinion, the only cause, of the
contest which was at once begun by Mr. Gallatin
and others against the Secretary and against the
financial measures of the Government.
Mr. Gallatin was foremost, as " the represent-
ative man" of a great class of financiers, in this
contest. The honorable gentleman from New
York states, as coming from a pamphlet Mr. Gal-
latin recently published, that if Mr. Chase had
administered the finances of the country as they
had been hitherto administered by other Secreta-
ries " the State banks could have gone through
the crisis, successfully administering this Govern-
ment as a hard money Government to carry on a hard
money icbr." But the Secietary of the Treasury
obstinately refused to give the State banks that
opportunity to administer the Government.
At the time the loan was made in New York on
the seven and three tenths Treasury notes Mr.
Gallatin opposed it at a meeting of the bank man-
agers, and insisted upon Congress being again
called together to raise the rate of interest. After
decidingnot to take thesevenand three tenths per
cent., Mr. Chase addressed the meeting, also Mr.
Stevens, the president of the Bank of Commerce,
and the vote was reconsidered; and it was finally
agreed to take the Treasury notes with interest at
the rate of seven and three tenths per cent. With-
out the influence of the Bank of Commerce that
9 loan could not have been negotiated then. The
action of this bank has been at all times favorable
to whatever the Secretary of the Treasury recom-
mended, and it has rendered invaluable assistance
in all the negotiations of the Depaitments with
the banks.
At the meeting of bank managers in the city of
New York in December, 1861, Mr. Gallatin suc-
cessfully urged the suspension of specie Pay-
ments; he declared to the meeting that the Gov-
ernment must suspend specie payments or tlie
banks must; that u was only a question of time
which should suspend fiistandkeep possession of
the specie; and that if the Government obtained
possession of it the whole amount would soon
be expended or hoarded.
The action of the Secretary of the Treasury in
declining to receivoand circulate as currency the
notes of the suspended banks wasat first attrib-
uted by Mr. Gallatin and others to the want of
financial knowledge and experience; they en-
deavored to peisuade him that he did not under-
stand matters of finance; but afterwards Mr.
Gallatin, at least, must have changed his opinion
on that point, for subsequently, in a published
letter, he said substantially of the Secretary, that
" he knew the right but still the wrong pursued,'*
because he had himself, by letter, informed the
Secretary what the right was. It is possible,
however, that the Secretary may have been so
occupied with the pressure of his official duties
that he never read the letter. If my memoiy is
correct it was a very long letter, and it informed
the Secretary what Mr. Gallatin consideied right
in regard to many other matters than those of
finance; among other things he informed him that
the wrong men had been sent abroad to represent
this Government in foreign countries. In early
life Mr. Gallatin had been connected with the
diplomacy of the country, I think during the
greater part of the war of 1812; and this may ac-
count for his wishing to see repeated m this war
whatever was done then.
Failing to peisuade the Secretary to adopt his
recommendations, Mr. Gallatin seems to have
gone mad upon iheabsurd idea that all payments
of the Government should be m coin, and that the
State banks should make a hard money war and
administer the Government. I regret^.to notice
that some members of this House seem to be
affected in the same way.
I have been familiar with and have carefully
studied the works of the honored father of this
gentleman, and I feel quite sure that in view of
all the evils that resulted from the unwise finan-
cial course of the Government during the war of
1812, he would, if living now, have supported the
financial measuresof this Administration. Albert
Gallatin was one cf the soundest and most able
writers on finance of this or of any country. After
the war of 3812 he used all his powers to promote
the resumption of specie payments, and exercised
great influence in restoring a sounder and more
substantial system of currency than had existed
even before that war commenced. The trouble
with the son appears to be in the properapplica-
tion of the financial precepts of his father. If I
may be excused for using a hackneyed but apt
illustration, 1 should say that he seemed some-
times " to put the saddle on the wrong horse,"
by applying the principles and precepts of h$s
father very differently from the way the father
would have applied them. For example, before
this war, the son was one of the stanchest sup-
porters of the system of bank notes for the cur-
rency of the country; now, in the midst of this
war, he advocates carrying it on with specie; in
both cases, as it seems to me, having the saddle
on the wrong horse.
It appears to me also that my friend, the hon-
orable gentleman from New York, who referred
with such kind compliments to some former works
of mine on currency, sometimes falls into this
same error in applying principles differently from
what I should apply them. Those humble efforts
of mine to which he referred were intended to
urge the importance of usinjj some portion of the
wealth which was pouring into the country, in a
season of pcacc and unexampled prosperity, to
secure a sounder condition of the currency, instead
of using it, as was the case, to expand the cur-
rency by increased issues of the credit of the
banks. The arguments I used are as sound now
as they were tnen, but the issues before the coun-
try are somewhat different. I will take the lib-
ei ty of calling the attention of the honorable gen-
tleman to one short extract on the 87th page of
the volume published in 1855, which he left at
home. It is as follows, and I wish him to con-
sider it as the key-note to all I have ever said or
written on currency:
" If paprr monry i« ever useful to a country, it c?m only
he in gieat rnvtgcneies; audit should be reserved as a rc-
pouice to "=up[)ly the means for the defense of the country
when other resources aic exhausted. At such a time it
may be used for the business transactions within the coun-
try to release the coin from that service, so that may be
used by the Government in the exigeney for the common
I think the gentleman from New York mustbe
credulous and too easily imposed upon by the
statements of designing men, for I am sure he
would not intentionally state anything in this
House that conveyed a false impression, even if
lie thought it would weaken the confidence of the
people in this Administration. The statement
lie made yesterday in regard to a national bank
having #1,500,0(JU to the credit of the Govern-
ment, and nt the same time a small amounton de-
posit wiih Mr. Cisco, the Assistant Treasurer, in
the "temporary loan "at five per cent., was all
true; but it was only the naked outline of the
truth, which some designing person probably
communicated to him for the purpose of produ-
cing a false impression upon his mind, with the
hope that he would communicate it to the House
as he did.
The facts in the case were that this bank had
been active in negotiating the five-twenty loan,
and had received for it a million and a half of dol-
lars in greenbacks, of which it notified the De-
partment, requesting that it might be transferred to
the Assistant Treasurer, as it was inconvenient to
hold this large amount of greenbacks in their
bank. Until that transfer the bank was in the
position desenbed by the gentleman from New
York.
Then there is that" stock story" of the gentle-
man about the fraud at the Treasury Department, |
"on the authority," as he repeats each time, j
"of your own investigating committee." The ;
Mr. Clark refened to was a Democrat appointed I
in Mr. Buchanan's Administration, Etnd'.v
in the Treasury Department under Cobb:*
The affair occurred tnen, and not underfchisA4?r
ministration. Probably the investigating com-
mittee were too ready to .believe any statement
against the honesty of one.retained ia-.-Gffi.es who
had served under an Administration that encour-
aged stealing in so many ways. The examina-
tion-of the facts referred tcr by the investigating
cammittee not only exonorated Mr. Clark, but
showed that he had been the means of prevent-
ing this payment. It was in connection with a
curious contract for stone, so worded that the con*
tractors were entitled to and claimed (35,000 far
the two large stones on the buttresses of the plat*
form of the new entrance to the Treasury builds
ing. The claim was finally compromised by the
payment of about five thousand dollars.
When the banks suspended specie payments
in December, 1861, in the midst of a most expens-
ive waf, it seemed to me one of those greatemer-
gencies for which I had said the use of paper
money should be reserved; 1 was therefore aotir|
in advocating its issue by the Government; and!
claim now, without fear of contradiction,.ihaL.it
has been an invaluable resource to supply the
means for the defense of the nation. It of course
must inflate the currency; but it appears to me
disloyal and wicked tor private corporations tft
insist upon their right, at such a time-as this,
add to their inflation for their own profit.
The consequence of the suspension of specie
payments by the banks in 1812 was an enormous
depreciation of the currency, varying in propor-
tion to the expansion of the banks of each of
the different States; and the depreciation gener-
ally increased as you went toward the South, eo
that any one starting from Boston to visit Wash-
ington, with money enough to pay for his journey
there and back, found his money increase in
amount as he increased his distance from Boston^
by the time he reached Washington he had more
money than he started with, notwithstanding he
had paid all the expenses of the journey, and
traveling was far more expensive then than now. .
The journey back produced a very differentresult.
One may imaging what effect this condition,of
the currency would have on all the financial meas-
ures of the Government. Its securities were sold
at prices much below par, and were paid for in
different State currencies that were still more de*
predated. The degree of depreciation varied-in al-
most every State, so that when the Government
made a loan at sixty to seventy for a hundred, it
was paid for with currencies of different values,
in some places depreciated to such an extent that
often less than an average of fifty per cent, of
the value in coin was realized for the loan. Mr.
Calhoun, of South Carolina, said in a speech de-
livered at that time in this House, that the Gov-
ernment issued its paper bearing six per cent, in-
terest, and took in exchange for every hundred
dollars of it sixty dollars of State bank paper
equally depreciated and bearing no interest. He
suggested as a remedy for this that the Govern-
ment should issue its own notes and make then*
a legal tender, and that it should exercise its only
constitutional powers against the notes of Stats-
banks—taxation to drive them out of existence.
Members from the State of New York have re-
ferred with great satisfaction to the present con-
dition of the bank currency of that State; but I
wish, withoutany disrespect, to remind them that
after the suspension of specie payments in De-
cember, 1861, the Government could not receive
the bank currency of the State without receiving
the notes of every other State in the Union. Au
bank notes in enculation then were, by law, ille-
gal, irredeemable notes of suspended banks; and
New York bunk notes stood no better, in the eye
of the law, than the notes to which the bank man-
age i s of that State often refer under the designa-
tion of" wild-cat currency;" which I haveaiwayfl
understood to mean irredeemable bank notes.
The New York bank law contains mtinyexceK-
lent features, and to my mind some that are ob-
jectionable. The banks in that State, outside of
the cities of New York and Albany, are author-
ized to redeem their circulation in those cities at
a quarter pcrccnt. discount,and are not required
to redeem their notes in specie until fifteen dayi
after demand. ... -
The following list exhibits the circulation of
