THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
justing a peace or truce, neither to agree to any such res-
titution or submit that the laws made by any independent
State of this Union he subjected to the adjudication of any
power or powers on earth."
This resolution was passed unanimously by
the Legislate of Virginia. Similar resolutions
were passed by other States, and our commis-
sioners were instructed by Congress to admit no
conditions which would compel the restoration
of confiscated estates. The commissioners com-
promised at* last on the'fifth article of the treaty
of peace as it now stands recorded, which pro-
vides that Congress shall recommend to the Sev-
eral colonies to restore confiscated property; but
it was well understood- by both parties that it
woufii not be done. Congress passed the resolu-
tion of recommendation as a matter of form; but
no State complied, nor was it expected. It was,
however, provided that no further confiscations
should be made, and that Tories should be per-
mitted to remain in America twelve months after
the treaty.
Mr. Jefferson, when Secretary of State, in 1792,
arid writing upon that subject, held the following
language to the British Government through its
minister; and I wish my colleague [Mr. Finck]
who last occupied the floor to notice this extract
so far as it relates to the rights of belligerents:
" Sec. 3. It cannot be denied that the state of war strictly
permits a nation to seize the property of its enemies found
within its own lanltai, or taken in war, and in whatever
form it ensts, whether in action or possession. This is s o
perspicuously laid down by one of the most lespectable
writers on subjects of this kind, that I shall use his words:
♦Since it is a condition of war that enemies may be de-
prived of all their rights,it is reasonable, that everything of
an enemy's, found among his enemies, should change its
owner, and go to the tieasury. It is, moreover, usually
directed, in all declarations of war, that the goods of ene-
mies, as well those found amonz us as those taken in war,
shall be confiscated, ff we follow the mere right of war,
even immovable property may be sold, and its puce carried
Into the uo<\sujy,a-' is? the custom with movable property.
But in almost all Europe it is only notified lhat their prof-
its, during the war, shall be received by the treasury; and
the war being ended, the immovable property itself is re-
storecfy by agreement, to the founer ownei.' "
u 1. Exile and confiscations.
" After premising that the<e are lawful act5' of war, I
have shown that the fifth article was recommendatory only,
its stipulations being, not to restore the confiscations and
exiles, but lotccomttfcnd to the State Legislatures to restore
thciu;
"That this woid, having but one meaning, establishes
the intent of the parlies; and, moreover, that it wa<- par-
ticularly explained by the American negotiators, that the
Legislatures would be live to comply with the leeommend-
ation or not, and probably would not comply;
" That the BiitNh negotiators so undeistood it;
" That the British minUhy so understood it;
"And the members of both Houses of foment, as
well those who approved a* who disapproved the article.
u 1 have shown that Congress did lecormnend earnestly
and bona fide;
"That the Rtate<? refused ort:nmpJi Ml, In a greater or les1"
degree, according to circumstances, but more of them and
in a greater degree than was expected.'1—Jeilb son's
Works, vol. 3.
And Jefferson concludes the passage by saying
that the right to confis<ato is undoubted as a war
right. He moreover goee on to say the British
Government knew they had no light to demand
that we should restore confiscated property. The
members of Parliament admitted in their speeches
'that the treaty was based upon the knowledge
that they had no right to demand the restitution
of confiscated estates.
The Tones that fled to England called upon the
Crown to support them. A commission was ap-
pointed to examine then claims and piovide lor
their wants. 1 say it is a significant fact that of the
vast number of Tot les, perhaps not a thousand re-
mained in this country after the war. The people
would no ten dure their presence. They were d riven
out, and took lefuge in all quarters of the globe.
They colonized JNew Biunswick, Nova Scotia,
and were scattered al6ng the borders of Canada.
The States would not tolerate the presence of the
tew who came back under the provisions of the
treaty,and refused them the right of voting, or of
holding office or property. It was well known that
there could be no peace between our loyal people
and them. Their history is a sad record of infa-
my, obscurity, and misery. Some exhibited their
vengeful hate long after the war was over. Gicty I
and fiis associates who murdered Crawford in the
Indian wars of 1791 were Tories of the Revolu-
tion. Bowleg and Pan ton, leaders among the
Cwok Indians, and who staited the Florida trou-
bles, which tesulted in a long and bloody conflict
irx the swamps of that State, were Tories. As a
class, they went out with the brand of Gain upon
them, and were not permitted to return.
One State alone relented. South Carolina passed
an act of oblivion, restored a large part of the con-
fiscated estates, and permitted the Tories to vote
and hold office. Her policy has borne its bitter fruit.
Her government has hardly been entitled to be
called republican. The spirit of monarchy has
ruled her councils, and at last plunged our Re-
public into the most gigantic and bloody of revo-
lutions.
Let us take counsel from the wisdom of our
fathers. Is it probable that those men who con-
fiscated all the property of armed Tories would, a
few years later,establish it as a fundamental doc-
trine of the Constitution that no confiscation can
be made beyond the lifetime of the individual at-
tainted? It is not probable that men who had just
done what they stubbornly held to be right should
enact as a partof the supreme law of the land that
it should never be done again.
1 come now to the question more directly before
us. This question of land, Mr. Speaker, is in-
separably connected with the peculiar institution
of the South. It is well known that the power of
slavery rests in large plantations;that the planter's
capital drives the poor whites to the mountains,
where liberty always loves to dwell, and to the
swamps and by-places of the South; but the bulk
of all the landed estates is in the hands of the slave-
owners who have plotted this great conspiracy.
Let me give you an instance of this, one ofa thou-
sand that might be given. In the town of Mur-
freesboro', Rutherford county, Tennessee, a place
made sacred and gloiious forever by the valor of
our Army, there are fourteen thousand four hun-
dred and ninety-three acres of land owned by six-
teen persons, and three of the sixteen men own
more than ten thousand of the actcs. One of the
thiee owns half of the whole township of Mnr-
freesboro'. And that is only a specimen of what
these men of the South are to the lands of the
South. Only a few hundred men own the bulk
of the land in any southern State, and thoe men
hold the lands and own the slaves. These men
plotted the rebellion and thrust it upon us. They
have had the political power in their hands, and
if you permit them to go back to their lands they
will have it again. The laws of natuie, the laws
of society cannot be overcome by the lesolutions
of Congiess. Grant a general amnesty, let these
men go back to their lands, and the land-owneis
will again control the South. They have go long
believed themselves born It) rule that they will
rule the poor man as with a rod of iron. The
landless man of the South has learned the lesson
of submission so well that when he is confronted
by a landed propnetor he begins to be painfully
deferential, he is facile and dependent, and less
a man than if he stood on God's acie covered by
his own title-deed.
Gentlemen, tf we want a lasting peace, if we
want to put down this rebellion so that it shall
stay forever put down, wo must put down its
guilty cause; we must put down slavery; we must
take away the platform on which slavery stands j
—the great landed estates of the aimed lebc Is of 1
the South. Sti ike lhat platform from beneath their j
feet, take that land away, and divide itmto homes j
for the men who have saved our country, i put J
that to this Ilou.se as a neeessitywhicli siaie« us j
in the face. What, let me ask you, uill you do
with the battle-fields of the South? Who owns
them5 Who owns the red field of Stone iliver?
Two or thiee men own itall. And who are these I
two or three men ? Rebels evei y one—one of them
a man who once sat in this Chamber, but who is
now a leader in the ranks of the rebel at my. Wilt
you let him come back and repossess Ins land?
Will yon ask his permission when you go to
visit the grave of your dead son who sleeps in the
bosom of that saeied field? If the principles of
the gentlemen on the other side be carried out,
there is not one of the great battle-fields of the
war (save Gettysburg, which lies yonder on this
side of the line) that will notdescendto the sons
of rebels for all time to come—to men whose
fathers found a bad eminence by fighting against
their country, and who will love their fathers for
affection's sake,and loverebeilion fortheir fathers' j
sake. God foibid that we should ever visit those
spots made sacred by the blood of so many thou-
sand brave men and see our enemies holding the
fields and plowing the graves of our brethren,
while the sweat of slaves falls on the sod which
ought to be forever sacred to every American
citizen.
The history, of opinion and its changes in the
Army is a very interesting one. When the war
broke out men spiang to armsfiom all parties by
t\ common impulse of genetous patiiotism, which
I am glad to acknowledge m the presence of those
in whose hearts that impulse seems now to have
died.
1 remember to have said to a friend when I en-
tered the Army, 41 You hate slavery; so do I; but
I hate disunion more. Let us drop the slavery
question and fight to sustain the Union. When
the supremacy of the Government has been re-
established we will attend to the other question."
I said it in good faith.
I said to anothef, " You love slavery. Do you
love the Union more? If you do, go with me; we
will let slavery alone and fight for the Union.
When that is saved we will take up our old quar-
rel, if there is anything left to quarrel about."
I started out with that position taken in good
faith, as did thousands of others of all parties,
but the Army soon found, do what it would, the
black phantom met it everywhere, in the camp, in
the bivouac, on the battle-field, and at all times.
It was a ghost that would not be laid — slavery
was both the strength and the weakness of the
enemy. His strength, for it tilled the fields and fed
the legions; its weakness, for in the hearts of
slaves dwelt dim prophecies that their deliverance
from bondage would be the outcome of the war.
Mr. Seward says in an official dispatch to our
minister at St. James, Mr. Adams: " Every-
where the American general receives his most
usefril and reliable information from the negro,
who hails his coming as the haibinger of free-
dom." These ill-used men came from the cotton-
fields, they swam rivers, they climbed mountains,
they came through jungles, in the darkness and
storms of the night, to tell us that the enemy was
coming here or coming there. They were our
true friends in every case. There has hardly been
a battle, a march, or any important event of the
war, where the friend of our cause, the black man,
has not been found truthful and helpful, and al-
ways devotedly loyal. The pi actical truth forced
itself upon tl^i mind of every soldier that behind
the rebel army of soldiers the black army of la-
boieis was feeding and sustaining the rebellion,
and there could be no victory till its main support
were taken away.
• " You take my house when you do lake the prop
That doll) sustain my house.''
The rebellion falls when you take away its chief
prop, sia\ery and landed estates.
Gentlemen on the other side, you tell me that
this is an abolition war. If you please to say
so I grant it. The rapid war-current of events
has made the Army of the Republic an abolition
Army. I can find you in the ranks a thousand
men who are in favor of sweeping away slavery
to every dozen that ate m favor of sustaining it.
They have been where they have seen its malev-
olence, its baleful effects upon the country and
the Union, and they demand that it shall be swept
away. I neverexpeeted to discuss the demerits of
slavery again, foi I deem it unnecessary. The
fiat has gone forth, and it is dead unless the body-
snateheiy on the other bide of this House shall
resurrect it and give it galuinic life.
Air. CH A1XLER. Will the gentleman yield
to mi ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I must decline to yield.
Mr. CHAiNLElt. You asked a question of
this side of the House, and I merely desired to
answer you.
Mr. GARFIELD. You may say to me that
slavery is a divme institution; you may prove to
your own satisfaction from the word of God, per-
haps, that slavery is a beneficent institution; I
will say to you that all this may be entirely sat-
isfactory to your mind, but your beloved friend,
slavery, is no more. This is a world of bereave-
ments and changes, and I announce to you that
yout friend has departed. Hang the drapery of
mourning on its bier! Go in long and solemn
procession after us hearse, if you please, and shed
your tears of soi row over us grave, but I have no
time to waste in listening to your tearful eulogy
over the deceased.
