1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
indefensible in principle to issue a piece of paper
money without the sanction and impress of the
Government as it is to issue a piece of metallic
money without that sanction and impress. ^ I
know no good reason why laws regulating the is-
sues of paper money should not declare the issue
and circulation of any other notes to be as great a
crime as to issue and pass counterfeits of the coin
of the country.
I have said that the national banking system
was not mimical to the interests of the State banks,
but that the object of this law was to offer every
facility and inducement to the State banks to
come in and avail of its benefits and be subject to
its control. I think that no one can misunder-
stand that my object in supporting the bill to es-
tablish a national banking system has been to
bring all the banks that issue notes for currency
under it; that the currency of the country may be
within the control and regulation of a national
law applicable to the whole country, instead of
being controlled and regulated by State law as it
has been heretofore.
If Congress has not the power to regulate and
control the circulation of notes for currency in
this great emergency, which requires the exercise
0f-all its powers for national self-preservation,
except, as Mr. Calhoun has said, through its
power to tax any other currency that interferes
with and depreciates its established measures of
value, I hope it will exercise the power of taxa-
tion to its fullest extent; that it will decline to
share any longer with States, or corporations, or
individuals the sovereign right of furnishing and
controlling the cut rency which measures the value
of all the property within the country. I believe
the existence of the nation is at stake upon this
issue; that the present necessity requires the use
of every legitimate means to sustain the credit of
the Government; the national credit is the basis
on which the future prosperity of the countryde*
pends. In no other way than by the wise and
prudent exercise of the sovereign power to regu-
late the currcncy can those other important meas-
ures to sustain the Government—the loan bills
and the revenue bills—be made effective, i appeal
to the members of the House, and I ask them if
they can excuse themselves to their constituents
and to posterity if they sacrifice the great inter-
eats that are now at stake to the comparatively
petty interest of local banking.
If this war is to be continued until its great ob-
ject—the overthiow of this rebellion and the cause
of it—has been accomplished, the people whore-
main at home must enter upon the work of sus-
taining the war with more earnestness. Wo have
reached the point where sacrifices are required to
be made; the people must submit to largely in-
creased taxation; instead of increasing the sala-
ries of Government officials we must increase the
value of the money in which the salaries are paid
by checking the depreciation of the currency. To
my mind, there can be no better example of sac-
rifice than for the State banks to yield to the na-
tion that control over the currency which, so far
as it now prevails, is for their corporate advant-
age, and not for the public good. Without this
control by the Government ail efforts to check the
depreciation of the curfency are useless. Those
who complain of inadequacy of pay must con-
sider it as their part of the saciifice winch they
are called upon to make in this war; and must
seek relief by joining in tin; attempt to create a
public opinion in favor of all measures that will
raise the value of the currency in which salaiies
are paid. A bill will soon be introduced from
the Committee of Ways and Means largely in-
creasing the taxes; but this will be insufficient for
the purposes to be accomplished unless we can
have some power to secure the currency against
depreciation.
The question has been asked by my friend from
Iowa, why any banks should be authorized to
furnish notes to be used as currency, instead of
confining that ughl to the Government, and
thereby "giving to ihe people all the benefit and
advantages, without cost for mteicst, of the fund
obtained by supplying the circulation of thecoun-
try. This question, troni those in the interest of
State banks, would seem to me a specious one.
They know full wettKhatState bankshaveso long
exercised the right to furnish the currency, that
any attempt to mten uptit would be made the pro-
tense to excite prejudices m regard to State rights
behind which the State banks could shelter them-
selves againstany directaction of Congress which
affected their interest.
The object of the national bank law is neither
to destroy capital invested in the State banks nor
their circulation, to which the people are accus-
tomed; its only object is to bring under the control
and regulation of* one uniform national law, ap-
plicable to every State of the Union^all the State
banks, and make their circulation a part af the
$300,000,000 which this law authorizes as the
maximum amount of bank circulation in this
this country.
When this object is accomplished lam ready
to join with the gentleman from New York, or
others, on either side of this House, in favor of
such piacticnl restrictions of the Government is-
sues as will prevent the depreciation of the cur-
rency; and unless defeat and disaster attendee
military operations, I believe that specie pices
and specie payments might be restored within the
coming year.
Another reason why i think the currency of
the country should not consist entirely of the
issues of Government paper is, that I have more
faith in the power and stability of this Govern-
ment than many on the other side and some few
on this side of the House. The restoration of
the cui rency and the resumption of specie pay-
ments do not seem to mc so far off as others
appear to think it; and believing that the lcsump-
Uou of specie,payments is desirable and not im-
possible within no very distant period, it seems
to me it may be necessary, when that time comes,
to withdraw the Government notes from circula-
tion, so that specie may again be the only ''law-
ful money" of the country.
I see no way in which the Government notes
could be redeemed in specie; and I fear that any
other legal tender than coin could not well exist
with specie payments. Therefore, to confine the
right of issuing paper for currency to the Treas-
ury Department would seem to be a permanent
arrangement for an irredeemable currcncy. When
the act was passed authorizing the issue of the
legal-tender notes no one advocated it as a per-
manent measure, but only as a temporary expe-
dient to meet the emergency that existed after
the banks suspended specie payments at the close
of the year 1861.
One more reason 1 will state, which to my mind
is very important: that a Government cannot issue
paper as money from its Treasury, and give it
active circulation m the channels of trade and
commerce throughout a great country, because
its only means to accomplish thatobjectisthrough
its paymentsto pubiiccreditors. Wheneverthose
payments are less than the amount requited for
the circulation, the currency must be insufficient
for the business of the country, and may be di-
verted temporarily into channels where it is not
available foi the general purposes of the business
of the countiy. It follows necessarily from this
that no Government papercan be advantageously
maintained in circulation as the money of the
country without the Government assuming the
functions of a bank by loamngits notes to be used
for currency; and the objection to this is too man-
ifest. No Government can perform the functions
of a bank by loaning money without becoming
corrupt and progressively arbitrary and despotic.
The statement that this bill withdraws the prop-
erty of individuals from State and municipal ^tax-
ation is not conecl. The property of any indi-
vidual i n vested in these banks is taxable, like any
other of their property, for vStatc and municipal
puiposes. While the United States Bank was in
existence the shares of stock held by any one in
that bank and the dividends received from it were
counted in as constituting a part of the property
and income for which such person was subject to
taxation understate law. But the Supreme Court
decided that the bank could not be taxed by State
law. Chief Justice Matshall in rendering this de-
cision stated, as one of the reasons for it, that
such power to tax was a power to destroy an in-
stitution created by the national Government.
To give to the States the power to tax the bunks
established under this law would destroy their
chaiacter as national institutions. If the amend-
ment giving that power to the States is adopted,
I should consider the law of last year preferable
to this, and should, therefore, be opposed to the
passage of this bill.
The amendments reported by theOommiUeeof
the Whole on the state of the Union, upon which
nospecial vote was -requested Were then agreed to.
Fourth amendment: : ' r f
Add to the seventh section the following proviso: ■ .
PraeUed, That banks with a capital of not'less tttsm fifty
thousand dollars may, with the approval of the Secretary1
of the Treasury, be organized in ,*ujy placc the population
of which does not exceed six thousand inhabitants.
Mr. BROOKS. I aslc for a special vote upon
this amendment.
Mr. WILSON called for .tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wilson and Mr.
Brooks were appointed. .
Tiie House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 64, noes 54.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Sixteenth amendment:
Insert in section twenty-two, after the words "denom-
inations Of," the words " one dollar, two dollars, three dol-
lars so thatthe clausewill read as lollows:
Inordei tofumkhsuitable notes forcijculation, UicCompj-
trollerofthe Currency is hereby nuthoiized and requhed,un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to cause
plates and dies? to be engraved, in the best manner to gftard
against counterfeiting and fraudulent alterations, and to
have primed therefrom, and numbered, such quantity of
cuculatui" notes, in blank, oftho denominations of one,dot-
!ar, two dollars, three dollars, five dollars,ten dollars, twenty
dollar?, fifty dollars, one hundred dollars, five hundred dol-
lars, and one thousand dollais, as may be required to sup-
ply, under this'act, the associations entitled to receive the
same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, A&hiey,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Bout-
we'l, Boyd, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Fiauk, Gaiis-on,
Gooeh, Grinnell, Griswold, Ilale, Uotchkiss, A->ahel W.
Ilubbaid, John IT. Hubbard, Jenekes, Julian, Kassnn,
KelJey, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlarido Kellogg, Loan,
Long)ear, MaiYin, McBnde, MeOluig, Samuel Miller*
Moorhcad, Morttll, Darnel Morris, Amos Myeo>, Leon-
ard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Paltejson, Perham,
Pomeroy, Price, Pruvn, Ttadford,Will jam II. Randall, Alex-
ander H. Rice, John' II. Rico,Edwud H Rollins,Schenek,
Scofield, Shannon, Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Tiiaj er, Up-
son, Van Valkcnlmigh. Elihu B. Washburne, William li.
Washburn, Whalcy, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wuidom,
ami Woodbridge—76.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An*
cona, Hatty, AugustusC. Baldwin, Bliss, Brooks, James S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Chanter, Cox, Dawson, Deni-
son, Eden, Eldridge, English, Fmck, Ciider, Ilariington,
Hcrrick, Holman, Philip Johnson, Wilham Johnson, Kaib-
flciscb, Kernan, Law, Long, Maiiory, Marcy, M>Kfuney,
Middleton, William H. Miller, James It. Mortis,Morrison,
Nelson, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Samuel J. Randall, Rob-
inson, Ropers, James S. Rollins, Scott, John B. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Strouso, Sweat, Thomas, Vooihees,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmfieldr
Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—34.
So the amendment was agreed td.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRINGTON stated that Mr. Hard-
ing was confined to his house by sickness.
Thirty-first amendment:
Strike out section thirty, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
Jind. be it further enacted. That every association may
take, receive, reserve, and charge on any loan or discount
made, or upon any note, bill of exchange, or other evidences
of debt, internet at a late not exceeding seven pei cent, per
annum; and such interest may be taken in advance, reck-
oning the days foi which the note, bill, or other evidence
of debt has to run. Aud the knowingly taking, receiving,
reserving, or charging a  ate of interest gicatur than afore-
said shall be held and adjudged a Imfeiture of th" enure
interest whirh the note, bill, or other evidence of debt car-
ries with it, oi which lias b^en agreed to be paid thereon.
And in case a greater rate o! interest has been paid, the per-
son or persons paying the same, or their legal representa-
tives, may recover back, in any action of debt, tvvicc the
amount of the interest thus p:ud,lrom the association tak-
ing or receiving the same : Proxidcd. That sueh action is
commenced within two yeain horn the time the usurious
transaction oeeuired. But the puichase, discount, or sale
of a bona fide bill ot exchange, payable at another place than
me place of such purchase, discount, oj sale, at not more
than the cuirent rate of exchange lor sight draft®, in addi-
tion to the int<Mest, «)uill not bo considered as taking or re-
ceiving a greater t.ue of mtere.st.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order upon
the amendment now being read by the Clerk. I
hold in my hand the printed bill, which 1 suppose
is tiie same now being read. Tins section was
amended by the Committee of the Whole in two
lespects: fiist, on the motion of the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Blaikb,] by fixing- the rate of
interest the same as that prescribed by the Legis-
latives of the several States; and second, by pro-
viding that wherea larger rate of interest than six
