1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
405
I come now to consider another point in this
question. 1 hold it as a settled truth that the
leaders of this rebellion can never live in peace in
this Republic. I do not say in any spirit of
vindjetiveness, but as a matter of conviction. Ask
the men who have seen them and met them in
the darkness of battle and all the rigors of war-
fare; th^ywiU tell you it can never be. I make,
of course, an exception in favor of that sad array
of men who have been forced or cajoled by their
leaders into the ranks and subordinate officers of
the rebel army. I believe a truce could be struck
to-day between the rank and file of the hostile
armies. I believe they could meet and shake
hands together joyfully over returning peace, re-
specting their mutual courage and manhood. Hut
for the wicked men who brought on this rebellion,
for the wicked men who led them into the dark-
ness, such a day can never come. Ask the rep-
resentatives of Kentucky upon this floor who
know what the rebellion has been in their State,
who know the violence and devastation that has
swept over it, and they will tell you that all
over that State neighbor has been slaughtered by
neighbor, feuds fierce as human hate can make
them have sprung up, and so long as revenge has
an arm to strike they will never cease to strike
if such men come back to dwell in their midst.
This is true of every State over which the desola-
ting tide of war has swept, lfyou would not inau-
gurate an exterminating warfare, to continue
while you and I and our children and children's
children live, set it down at once that the leaders of
this rebellion must be executed or banished from
the Republic. They must follow the fate of the
Tories of the Revolution.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the Army is a unit
on these great questions; and I must here be per-
mitted to quote from one of nature's noblemen,
a man from Virginia with the pride of the Old
Dominion in his blood, but who could not be se-
duced from his patriotism—one who, amid the
storm of war that surged aga.inst him at Chicka-
mauga, stood firm as a rock in the sea—George
H. Thomas. That man wrote a communication
to the Secretary of War nearly a year ago, say-
ing, in substance, for I queue from memory, "1
send you the inclosed paper from a subordinate
officer; I indorse its sentiments; and I will add,
that we can never make solid progress against
the rebellion until we take more sweeping and
severe measures; we must make these people feel
the rigors of war, subsist our Army upon them,
and leave their country so that there will be little
in it for them to desire." Thus spoke a man who
is very far from being what gentlemen upon the
other side of the House are pleased to call an
abolitionist, or a northern fanatic; and in saying
this he spoke the voice of the Army.
Mr. Speaker, I am surprised and amazed be-
yond measure at what I have seen in this House.
Having been so long with men who had but one
thought upon these great themes, it is passing
strange to me to hear men talking of the old is-
sues and discussions of a few years ago. They
forget that we live in actions and not m years.
They forget that sometimes a nation may live a
generation in a single year; and the experience
of the last three years has been greater than that
of centuries of quiet and peace. There are men
who do not seem to realize that we are at war.
They do not seem to realize that this is a struggle
for existence; a teinble fight of flint with flint,
bayonet with bayonet, blood for blood. They
still retain some hope that they can smile rebel-
lion into peace They use terms strangely. In
these modern days words have lost their signifi-
cance. If a man steals his thousands from the
Treasury, he is not a thief; oh, no; he is a de-
faulter. If a man hangs shackles on the limbs
of a human being and drives him through life as
a slave, it is not man-stealing, it is not even sla-
very, it is only "another form of civilization."
We are using words in that strange way. There
are public journals in New York city, 1 am told,
that never call this a rebellion—itisonlya "rivil
commotion," a " fraternal strife." I had thought
the days of " southern brethren " and " wayward
sisters" had gone by, but I find it here m the high
noon of its glory. One would suppose fiom all
we hear that war is gentle and graceful exer-
cise, to be indulged in a quiet and pleasant man-
ner. I have lately seen a stanza from the nursery
ihymes of England, which I commend to these
gentle-hearted patriots who propose to put down
the rebellion with soft words and paper resolu-
tions:
"There was an old man who said, How
Shall I flee from this horrible cow?
I will sit on the stile
And continue to smile,
Which may soften the heart of this cow."
I tell you, gentlemen, the heart of this great
rebellion cannot be softened by smiles. You can-
not send commissioners down to Richmond, as
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fernando
Wood] proposes, to smile away the horrible facts
of this war. Not by smiles but by thundering
volleys must this rebellion be met, and by that
means alone. I am reminded of what Macaulay
said in regard to the revolution in England. He
said:
"It is because we had a preserving revolution in the
seventeenth cental)' that wc have not hud a deslioymg rev-
olution m the nineteenth. It h because we had freedom
in the midst of servitude that wc have order in the nnd-t
of anarchy. For the authority of iaw, for the security of
property, lor the peace of our streets, tor the happiness of
oui homes, our gratitude is due, under Him who l.iises and
pulls down nations at IIis pleasure, to the Long Parliament,
to the Convention, and to William of Orange."
Mr. Speaker, if we want a peace that is not a
hollow peace wc must follow that example and
make thorough work of this war. We must es-
tablish freedom in themidst of servitude, and the
authority of law in the midst of rebellion. Wc
must fill the thinned ranks of our armies, assure
them that a grateful and loving people are behind
them, and they will go down against the enemy
bearing with them the majesty and might of a
great nation. We must follow the march of the
Army with a law that will sweepaway the cause
of the whole ten ible revolution. The war began
by proclamation, and it must end by pioclamation.
We can hold the insurgent States m military sub-
jection half a century ifneed be, oruntil they are
purged of their dross and poison, and leave them
to stand up clean before the country, to come back
with clean hands if they come at all. 1 want to
see m all those States the men who have fought
and suffered for the truth tilling those fields on
which they pitched their tents. 1 want to sec
them, like old ICaspar of Blenheim, on the sum-
mer evenings, with their children upon their
knees, and pointing out the spot where brave men
fell and nmrble commemorates it. Let no breath
of treason be whispered there. I want no man
there, like one from my own State, who came
before the great struggle in Georgia and gave us
his views of peace. He came as the friend of
Vallandigham, the man for whom the gentlemen
on the other side of the House from my State
worked and voted. We were on the eve of the
great battle. I said to him, "You wish to make
Mr. Vallandigham Governor of Ohio. Why?"
" Because, in the fiist place," using the language
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fernan-
do Wood,] "you can not subjugate the South, and
we propose to withdraw without trying it any
further. In the next place, we do not want any-
thing to do with an abolition war, and will not
give one dollar for that puipose." Remember,
gentlemen, what occurred on the conscription bill
this morning. "To-morrow," I continued, " we
may be engaged in a death-struggle with the rebel
aYmy that confronts us, and is daily incieasmg. .
Where is the sympathy of your party ? Do you
want us beaten, or Bragg beaten?" lie answered
they had no interest in fighting, that they did not
believe in fighting.
Mr. NOBLE. A question right here.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield; I have no
time. He was the agent sent by the copperhead
secretary of state to distribute election blanks to
the army of th-- Cumberland.
Mr. NOBLE. A single question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no time to spare.
Mi. NOCLE. I want to ask the gentleman if
he knows that Mr. Griffiths has made a question
of veracity with him by a positive denial of the
alleged conversation published in the Cincinnati
Enquirer.
Mr. GARFIELD. No virtuous denials m the j
Cincinnati Enquirer can alter the facts of this j
conversation, which was heard by a dozen offi- |
curs. _ |
I asked him further, " How would it affect |
yom pa11y if w<; should crush the rebels in this |
battle, and utterly destroy them ?" " We would
probably lose votes by it." " How would it af- ;
feet your party if we should be beaten?" "It
would probably help us in votes." * -
That, gentlemen, is the kind of support the
Army is receiving in what should be the hou$e
of its friends. This, gentlemen, is the kind of
support these men—some of them-—are inclined
to give this country and its Army in this terrible
struggle. I hasten to make honorable exceptions.
I know there are honorable gentlemenon the other
side who do not belong to that category, arid I afti
proud to acknowledge them as my friends. But
I say that the effect of what the majority of them
is doing wilt tend to pull down the fabric of our
Government by aiding their friends over the bor-
der to do it. Their friends, I say, for when the
Ohio election was about coming off in the army
at Chattanooga there was more anxiety in the rebel
camp than in our own. The pickets had,talked
face to face and made daily inquiry how tfie elec-
tion in Ohio was going. And at midnight of the
33th of October, when the telegraphic news was
flashy down to us, and announced to the army that
the Union had sixty thousand majority in Ohio,
there arose a shout all along the line on that rainy
midnightfrom every tent which rentthe skies with
jubilees, and sent despair to the heart of those
men beyond our lines who were "waiting and
watching across the border." It told them their
colleagues, their sympathizers, their friends, I had
almost said their emissaries, had failed to sustain
themselves in turning the tide against ourfriends
in the contest. And from that hour, but not till
that hour, the army had felt safe from the enemy
behind it.
I deprecate these apparently partisan remarks;
it hurts me to make them; but it hurts me more
to know they arc true. I would not make them,
but that I wish to unmask the pretext that we arc
working along all in a body for the vigorous
prosecution of the war and the maintenance of
the Government. I cannot easily forget the treat-
ment the conscription bill met this morning. Even
the few men in the Army who voted for Vallan-
digham wrote on the back of their tickets "Draft,
draft." That was the voice of the Army.
I conclude by returning once more to the reso-
lution before us. Let no weak sUftimefits of mis-
placed sympathy deter us from inaugurating a
measure which will clcanse our nation and make
it the fit homo of freedom and glorious manhood.
Let us not despise the severe wisdom of our revo-
lutionary fathers, when they served their genera-
tion in a similar way. Let the Republic drive from
its soil the traitors that have conspired against its
life, as God and His angels drove Satan and his
host from heaven. He was not too merciful to be
just, and to hurl down in chains and everlasting
darkness the " tiaitor angel" who rebelled against
Him.
Mr. EDGERTON obtained the floor.
WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. STILES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Baltimore and
Washington Depot and Potomac Ferry Railroad
Company; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
for the DisUict of Columbia.
DISMISSION OF OFFICERS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to regulate the dismission
of oflicersin the military and navalservice; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill is as follows:
Be it cnactcd, 1. That the President shall dismiss* no
officer in the military or naval service of the United States
unless upon the finding of a court-martial convened ac-
cording to law.
2. Any officer who ^liall ho reported hy hi* commanding
officer absent without leave for twenty days,intimeofwar
or active hostilities, may be dropped from the military or
naval service by the Pie ident lor that enu'-c assigned by
pioclamation ; but on th# application of the officer so re-
poited and dropped, stating a sufficient defense under oath
agamst such charge durim; the whole absence till the day
of application, the President shall convene a court-martial
to try him on that charge; and it it acquit him, on approval
of the sentence he shall stand i'pvo facto ^instated; and if
the sentence be di-appiovod ioi legal cause, another court
shall be orderi d lor his tual by the oidcr disapproving the
former finding.
3. The Pre.-idunt m:iy <u--p''nd anvoffieei in the military
or naval semce, without pay or emolument, in time ofwar
or aciive hostilities, who shall be repoitedby his command-
in? officer or the Secretary of War toi any flagrant offense
foi which under the article of wai dismission or death is a
legal punishment, and in the opinion of the President ought
