1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
different places than those of their growth east of
the Cape of Good Hope.
Ctuite a number of the amendments of the Sen-
ate were non-concurred in for the purpose of in-
serting other articles not enumerated in the bill.
Those articles have been inserted and a duty pro-
vided for them; such as paints, carmine dyes,
percussion caps, artificial flowers, wooden toys,
and other articles.
On the subject of spices it will be recollected
that the Senate struck out all the increase of duties
made by the House. The committee of confer-
ence agreed to a slight increase on all the present
rates, but not so much as was in the original bill.
On cassia, cinnamon, cloves, there is an increase
of 5 cents per pound, and on nutmegs the duty is
increased 20 cents per pound, on mace 10 cents,
on pepper and pimento 3 cents.
The reduction on statuary marble made by the
Senate is acquiesced in by the committee of con-
ference, striking out the 25 percent, advaloremi n
addition to the specific duty.
In regard to rice we agreed to aduty of 2£ cents
a pound on clean rice, 2 cents on uncleaned rice,
and cents on paddy.
The one hundred and fifty-eighth section, in-
serted by the Senate, allowing cans, caiboys, and
casks when exported to be returned free of duty,
was amended by providing that it should be sub-
ject to"such rules and regulations as the Secretary
of the Treasury may prescribe.
There are two additional sections in place of
the last section which was struck out. The sec-
tion providing for samples being deposited with
consuls abroad was not agreed to, it being believed
that such a plan would be attended with infinite
difficulty and would embarrass business. That
was therefore abandoned, and two other sections
were agreed to, in which I think the sense of the
House will concur. One of these allows persons
coming here fiom abroad to deposit such portion
of the baggage as may be liable to duty with the
collector, and to receive it back on his departure
without paying duty upon it. This will relieve
traveleis coming here tor temporary purposes by
giving them the privilege of leaving the dutiable
part of their baggage, if any such they have,
with the custom-house officers, and receiving it
again exempt from the payment of any duty.
Another section was added requiring all of the
weights and measures of merchandise when im-
ported to be the same as are used in the countnes
from whence the goods are brought. This is to
produce uniformity. It is generally practiced by
merchants now, but there are some exceptions.
It was thought advisable there should be entire
uniformity.
If gentlemen desire any further information in
respect to any item in the bill I will answer any
question so far as I can.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to hear these two
last sections of the bill read.
The Clerk read the sections. The first enacts
that where ofiieeis of the customs or other salaned
' officers of the United States shall have been ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury to carry
into effect the license rules and regulations pro-
vided by the fifth section of the act of July 13,
3861, such officer shall be entitled to receive
$1,000 per annum for his services under that act
in addition to his salary or compensation under
any other law, provided that the aggregate com-
pensation of any such officer shall nut exceed
§5,000 in any one year. The other section pro-
vides that any luggage or personal effects of a
person arriving in the United States in transit to
afty foreign country may be delivered bythepar-
tieshaving it in ehaige to the collector of customs,
to be by him retained, without paymentorexac-
tion of any import duty, and be delivered back to
such parties on their departure for their foreign
destination, under such rules, regulations, and
fees as the Secietary of the Treasury may pre-
scribe.
Mr. BROOKS. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Vermont what are Ins views m ref-
erence to this luggage section.
Mr. MORRILL. It refers meiely to articles'
that are sublet to duty.
Mi. BROOKS. That is, he may make a mis-
take by bringing articles that he supposes to he
free.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir. I am desired to
ytato what the action was m icgard to salt, i he
Senate had reduced the duty below even the pres-
ent rate. It was agreed by the committee of con-
ference to restore the duties so that they shall be
what they are at the present time, which will be
an inciease on the tariff of 1861 just equal to the
amount of internal tax imposed on salt.
I am also asked to state what the action was in
relation to brimstone. The Senate receded from
their amendment upon that, leaving it as passed
by the House, $6 upon the crude article and $10
upon the refined. It was found that if we raised
the duty upon brimstone at all there were more
than twenty articles upon which the duties would
also have to be increased—such as chromate of
lead, nitrate of potash, nitrate of soda, and va-
rious other chemical articles.
Mr. Speaker, this is among the last bills upon
which the House will be called to act in relation
to taxation. I desire to say a word or two in
order to give expression to my own confidence,
at least, that this House has done all that duty
tequires in relation to taxation. The tanff bill,
as now agreed upon, will largely increase the
revenue upon tea, adding a duty ot 5 cents, which
puts aduty of 25 cents in hcu of 20 cents per pound,
it will also inciease it upon iion, upon sphits,
upon wme, upon crockery and china-ware of
every descuption, upon spices, and upon vari-
ous other articles. There is no sort of question
that upon all these articles this tariff will very
largely increase the revenue. 1 believe I am not
generally over-sanguine in my estimates relating
to the result of financial measures, and 1 venture
to say that the amount of inciease that will be re-
ceived upon this bill, over and above what would
have been n-oeivcd under previous legislation, will
be not less than fifteen to twenty million dollais.
it may be supposed that some of these duties
arc prohibitory, hut 1 do notth.mk thereaie many
such, if an j', lor the leasonthat we tax our own
people on the production of similar articles. Take,
lor instance, the ai tide ul iron; the cost ot its' pro-
duction has been veiy largely increased from the
scarcity and price or laborand also from the internal
tax which we impose, and so with neatly eveiy
article of manufactures. The cost of production
fiom \auous causes has thus been so largely in-
creased that it will be impossible for our manu- j
faciururs to continue their business if the duty :
upon foteign merchandise was not largely aug-
merited. 1 believe, therefore, theie is no douut j
but this bill wiil largely increase the revenue de- |
rived from imports. _ I
In the next place, in relation to the internal tax '
bill we have soughtout many new souices of lev- !
enue. The whole business of the country is made
tributary to the Treasury of the Government. In
addition to the taxes we have heretofore imposed
upon railroads we have added a tax upon all
freights of lake, liver, and coast, of vessels, canals,
and steamboats; all of these have to contribute a
certain percentage from their gross receipts. JNot
a passenger or a pound offreight will now be taken
without toll to the Government. In the next
place, we have increased the duty upon iron so
that I believe we shall collect under this bill more
than foui times what we collected under the last
bill.
We have increased the duty upon iobacco, snuff,
and cigars so that we shall collect somewhere
about three times as much as was levied under
the former law, and have so much improved the
machinery that we shall realize not less than six
times the amount heretofore actually collected.
We have increased the duties upon liquors so that
we shall collect something like ten times as much m
the end and seven and a half times as much at
once as we have collected heretofore. "We have
laigtly increased the dutiesupon molasses, sugar,
and cotton. The duty of 2 cents upon cotton
alone will yield a large sum. We also provide
for a large increase upon the subject of licenses,
notonly increasing tiie number but increasing the
amount—requiring a license upon almost eveiy
desci iption of business transacted. The $1 upon
the sales of wholesale dealers for eveiy $1,000 in
/ excess of $50,000 will immensely increase the rev-
;l enue. Ct. sides all this we have a general sweep-
j: ing clause in relation to licenses, so that every
man whose receipts amount to $1,000, be he whom
,, he may, woi king-man, trader, miner, or profes-
sional man, is to contribute something lor the
!■ support of the Government.
j; Then wo have very largely increased the amount
of the revenue we are to receive from stamps,
both in their amount and scope enlarging and
increasing. Even the little article of friction
matches may be expected to add over a million
dollars to the revenue. We have also increased
the amount we are to receivc upon ale and beer
from 60cents to $1 a barrel.
We have provided for largely increasing the
revenue to be derived from banks. Every bank
in the country, whether national or State; will
contribute hereafter 1 per cent, upon its circula-
tion, a half of 1 per cent, upon its deposits, and
a half of 1 per cent, upon its capital. In addition
to that, for the purpose of keeping the circulation
of the banks within bounds, we levy a further
tax of 2 per cent, upon all circulation above 90
per cent, of their capital. We also levy a tax
upon all their circulation beyond the average of the
past six months. This will very largely increase
the nmountof revenue to be received by the Gov-
ernment. Then we have included several other
corporations not included before, such as turn-
pike companies. And we have increased the tax
upon express companies, the business of which
is piospeious, and they are sure to make good
returns.
In addition to that we have not only included
a tax upon legacies of personal property, but we
have included tax upon successions, so thatevery
estate which now passes from a deceased person,
whether by will or otherwise, is sure to contrib-
ute something to the revenue of the country.
We have also increased the income tax, in-
creasing it in amount, and, by the way, pioviding
a law that can be more completely executed. And
let me say heie that there was some defect in the
law, or those who executed it were not efficient,
or we should have received a larger amount of
revenue fiom this source than we have. I know
of one man who has been foiced to pay within
j the last few weeks $55,000 on one article manu-
factured in the city of ,JNewYork, it having been
found that he had defrauded the Government of
that sum. On further search it was discovered
that he hud not paid enough and lie was compelled
; to pay £14,01)0 mote, and while this examination
I was going on hetned to defraud ihe Government
I of $1,100 more, which he has also been compelled
! to pay. This man first returned, under oath, an
| income of $25,000, and when he was haid pushed
by the revenue officers he returned, under oath,
an income of $113,000. If the provision now m-
\\ corporated in relation to income be faithfully exe-
" cuted there will he a heavy inciease of the reve-
!' nuefrom this source. *
|1 Mr. Speaker, all these subjects were thoroughly
I; and fairly considered. 1 will say that they were
j! faiily considered bv the House as a whole. And
!; I think that we shafl ra'se by this bill, when fairly
il in opeiation, not less than $1,000,000 a day for
j; every day in the year, Sunday included, so that*
! we can retiie "greenbacks" to that extent from
| the time these measures go into effect, or soon
after. When that is done I shall look to sec our
; credit put upon a fiim foundation. 1 desire to say
[j for one, as a member of this House, as an Amer-
;i ican, that wo shall pay every dollar of our debt;
that any man who takes the Government bonds
;j is just as sure of his pay as ho would be wirh a
!' mortgage of §100 on the best estate ot 3jl0,0d0in
the country.
Mr. Speaker, when this is doneifa succeeding
Congress finds it' necessaiy they can raise other
taxes. I wish to say that the re^ource-a ot the
<! countiy are yet wholly untouched. Why, sir,
our fust tax bill raising $100,000,000 was, U 1
'i may be allowed the expression, but a flea bite.
j! If need be we could pay our warexnensesdollar
! by dollar as we go. We have accumulated a luigc
\\ amount of material, and i do not think that wo
!: shall be likely hereafter to employ no large an
' army as heretofoie; we have ahead y driven uie en-
i1 einy into much narrower iimiisand fewer men will
1 be required; but if necessaiy to increase our re-
'i ceipts we have vast lesoutces now wholly un-
ij touched. We have scarcely touched a single
'| agricultuial production as yet—nothing thatlie-
!: member with the exception of cotton, sugar, and
'] tobacco; and when it comes to that we can lind
a vast number of articles subject to tax and a
h nrop.-r tax, especially if my tueral (iom
i Volk [Mi. Waiii>] will consent to a lepealut Lie
lecsprocitv tieaty. _
Mr. COX. 1 would like-to i-;oovv now mucn
