1462
Jk 
THE OOMJRISSION'AL GLOBE.
April
per cent, was received the banks which received
the same should be liable to refund the money.
Those two amendments were adopted, and then
thegentieman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
proposed a substitute, which was adopted. My
gointof order is that the amendment as reported
y the Cierk is not the amendment adopted by
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk wilt read from
page 63 of the Digest.
The Cierk read the following?
" If the committee* shall amend a clause, and subse-
quently strike out the clause as amended, the first amend-
ment thereby falls, and cannot be reported to the House and
voted on."
TheSPEAKER. After the section wasamended
the committee struck it ail outand inserted a sub-
stitute. That substitute is the only one that can
be reported to the House.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The&mendment as reported
is to strike out the section and inseFfc another one.
I rise to inquire whether the question is divisible,
first upon striking out, and then upon inserting?
The SPEAKER. The rules specially prohibit
such a division. The motion to strike out and
insert is indivisible.
The amendment was agreed to.
Fortieth amendment:
Amend section forty-one by striking out the words "such
tax or duty," and inserting in lieu tiiereof the words " the
taxes or duties imposed by Congress from time to timeso
that the section wiil read:
Jind be it further enacted, That the plates and special
dies to be procured by the Comptroller of the Currency for
the printing of such circulating notes shall remain under his
control and direction, and the expenses necessarily incurred
in Hxccutiug the provisions of this act, respecting the pro-
curing ol such notes, and all other expenses of the bureau,
shall be paid out of the proceed* of the taxes or duties now
or hereafter to be assessed on the circulation, and collected
from association's organized under this act; and the taxes
or duties imposed by Congress iVotn lime to time shall t>e
in lieu of ali other taxes on such associations,
Mr. KERNAN. Upon that amendment I caH
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aines, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaim1, Blow,
Boutwell, iloyd, Kroomall, Ambrose W.Clark, Cobb, Cole.
Thomas'J'. Davis, Dixon, Donnelly, Diiees, hekicy, Kliot
Frank, (iooeh, Gunnel!, ll.Ue, Hooper, Uot< hkiss, Asahei
VV. Hubbard, John U Hubbard, Jencke*. Julian, Kasson,
KHley, Francis W. Kcllo^, Orlando Kellogg, Longveai,
Marvin, McBiide, McCiurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, iJUniel Aloriis, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Charles O'Neill, Patterson, 1'erbam, Pike. Pomcroy, Price,
Afexanderlf. ltice,JolmH. Rice,Edward II.Uollins, James
S. Hollin?. Schenck, iScofickl, Shannon, Spalding, Stevens,
Tha>ei, Up-on, Van Valkcnhurgh, Rlihu H. VVashbnrnc,
William I>. Washburn, Wiialoy, Wilder, Wilson,Windom
and Wood bridge—72.
NAYS—Mossrs. Jame3 C. Allen, William J. All^n, An-
cona, Augustus C. llaldwin, Bli&«, Brooks, James S. Brown
William G. Brown, Cbanler, Clay, Cox,Ciavens, Dawson,
Dcjmson, Eden, Eldridgf, English, Fmck, Canson, Gnder,
Hall, Benjamin G- llarn«, llerrick, flolm.m, Philip Johnson,
William Jobu-on, Kalbfieisch, Kernan, Lavr, Lazear,Long,
Mallory, Marey, McKinney, Middleton, William il. Milleri
James R. Mom*, Morti&on, Nehon, John O'Neill, Ortli,
Pendleton, Pruyn, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall. William H.
Randall, Robinson, Roger*, Seott, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele,Strou-sOj nweal, Tracy, Voorhecs, Ward, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, VVinfieid, Benjamin Wood,
and Yeamaiv--61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Dunns the cull of the roil,
Mr. WOODBRLDGE stated that Mr. High*
was detained from the Hall by sickness.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Add to section forty*£>ur the following proviso :
Jind jirovidcd fuiiker. That any bank or banking asso-
ciation now or^aniified in pursuance of the laws of any
State, under articles ofassociation which prohibit specified
changes therein, may be changed and convened into a na-
tional ban lung association, under the piovisionsot this act,
without any such change in its articles ot association as
may he prohibited by the same, anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding; and directors, at the time of
such change, may continue in office, and their successors
may ftosn time to time be elected or appointed in the man-
ner provided by it* articles of association.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on agree-
ing to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tiie question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 63; as follows:
YE IS—Me&toiN. Alley, Allison. Amt'y, Anderson, Ash-
ley, John JJ. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
UoutwHl, Boyd, Ambioso W, Ciark, Cobb, Cole, Thomas
T. Davis. Dixon, Donnelly, Eekley, Eliot, Fi.uik, Gooch,
Grhmeli/ Hale, Hooper, flotchki^-, John il. Hubbard,
JcnckfRj Julian, Kao-on. Kolley, Fiancis W. KelSosg, Or-
lando Kelloggj Loan, Longyeaf, Marvin, McBridc, Mc-
Cltirff. Samuel P. Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Ortb, Patterson,
Perham, Pomcroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander
H. Rioc, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rol-
lins, Shannon, Spalding, Shirr, Stevens, Thayer, Upson,
Van ValkcTibnrgh, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Win-
dorn, and Woodbridge—65.
NAYS Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss, Broomall, James S.
Brown, William G. Blown, Chattier, Clay, (Jox, Cravens,
Dawson, Daimon, Driggs, Eden, Eldricfge, Finck, Gan-
*o , Grider, Hall. Harrington, Uerriek, Holman, Philip
Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleiscb, Kernan, Law,
Lazear, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McKinney, Middleton,
William H.Miller, James R. Morris, Morrison, ISetson,
John O'Neill, Pike, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robin-
son, Rogers, Schenck, Scofield, Scott, John B. Steele,
William G. Steele, Stiouse, Sweat, Tracy, Voorhees.Elihu
1?. Washburne, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Wilson, Winfield, Benjamin Wood,
and Yeaman—63.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN, during the roll-call, stated that
Mr. Arnold had left the House in consequence
of indisposition.
Fifty-ninth amendment!
Insert the following as an additional section *
Sec. 64. Jind bext further enacted, That the rate of seven
per cent, interest fixed in section thirty shall be deemed the
lawful interest in all States where no rate is established; but
each bank shall be bound by the State law regulating in-
terest in the State where it is located.
Mr. BLAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 43;*as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Alien, Alli-
son, Anemia, Augnstn? C. Baldwin, Blaine, Francis P.
Blair, Bliss, Brook*, Broomall, James S. Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chanlcr, Clay, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Daw-
son, Denison, Donnelly, Driggs, Eden, Eldndgc, English,
Finck, Ganson, Grsder, Grinnell, Hall, Herrick, Holman,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Philip Johnson, William
Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleiseh, Orlando Kellogg, Reman,
Law, Lazear, Loan, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McKinney,
Middleton, William H. Miller, Morrill, James R. Morris,
Morrison, Amoa Myers, Nelson, Odeli, John O'Neill, Orth,
Patterson, Pendleton, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price,
Pmyn, Samuel J.ltandall, John H. Rice,Robinson, Rogers,
James S. Rolling Schenck, Seofield, Scott, Smithers,
Spalding, Starr, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiouse,
Sweat, Thayer,Tracy, Van Vulkcnburgh, Ward, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, and Yeaman—bU.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Ashley, John D. Baldwin,
Baiter, Beaman, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Ambrose W.
Clark, Cobb, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Eekley, Eliot,
Fiank, Gooch, Hale, Hooper, John H. Hubbard, Jenckcs,
Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg, Longyear, Maivin,McBride,
McClurg, Samuel F. Millei, Daniel Morris, Leonard Myers,
Charles O'Neill, William II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice,
Shannon, Thomas, Up^on, tthhu B. Washburne, William
B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge
—42.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Sixtieth amendment:'
Insert the following as an additional section :
Sec. 65. Jind be it further enacted. That nothing in this
act shall be construed to prevent the taxation by States of
the capital stock of banks organized under this act, the
same as the property of other monej ed corporations, for State
or municipal purposes; but no State shall impose any tax
upon such associations or their capital, circulation, divi-
dends, or busings, at a higher rate of taxation than shall
he imposed by such State uponthesameamountofmoneyed
capital in the hands ot individual citizens of such State.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James (J. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
Ftnck, Gall-on, Gridei, tirif-wukl, 11.(11, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Ik'iriek, [Tolman, HotciikiS!*, Philip John-
Min, William Jolmton, KalMleiscli, Orlando Kellogg, Ker-
nnn Law, Lazenr, Loop:, Mallory, Marcy, McKinney,
Mid'dlfttm, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, James
U. Morris, Moriison, Amos Myers. Nelson, Odcll, John
O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton, Tike. Pomeioy, I'ruyn, Radlord,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. It.mdall, John U. Rice,
Itobin-on. ltog.'i.s, Scolield, Seott, Starr, John I!. Steele,
William G. Steele, Htrouse, Sweat, Tracy, Van Valken-
bnrah. Ward, Whulev, Wheeler,(Jliilton A. White, Jo«epli
W. White, Windom,'Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Yea-
man—'18.
N VYS Messrs. Alley. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
lev, John D. iialdwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Boyd, Aml)los,e W. Clark, Cobb,Cole, Thomas
T. Davis, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Frank,
Gooch, Gnmiell, Hale. Hooper. Asahel W. Hubbard,John
II.Hubbard, Jenckcs, Julian, Ka -on, Kcliey, Francis W.
Kello"g. Loan, Long* ear. Marvin, McBrlde.MeClurg, Mor-
rill, ifaniel Morris,'Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Per-
ham, Price, Alexander IL lliee, Edward II. Hollms,
Schenefc, Suannon, Suuthcru, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer,
Upson, Eiiliu IS. Waslihurae, William B. Washburn, and
Wilder—55.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT stated, during the roll-call, that
his colleague, Mr. King, was confined to his room
by indisposition.
Sixty-first amendment:
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 66. rfnd he it further enacted, That no association
organized under this act shall at any time pay out, or pat
in circulation in payment of any of its obi igations, any banit
bills, or anything intended to circulate as money, whtcfy
at the time of such paying oat or putting m circulation, &
not being received by such association at par.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of privilege. J
rise on behalf of Lindley Murray, Esq., born in
the same county of Lancaster with thegentieman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means. Sectioa
sixty-six does not use the English language ia
the proper way, and as George Thompson is to
speak in this Hall this evening on English mat-
ters, we ought to be correct m using the English
TKo i-fwrlo ** nnT7 hnnlr l" i 11 
not.
Mr. STEVENS. The grammar is quite as
good as the rest of the bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. On that admission 1 withdraw my
suggestion. [Laughter.]
The amendment was concurred in.
The question then recurred on the substitute
moved by Mr. Stevens.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to state in what respects the substi-
tute differs from the original bill. Otherwise i
must ask it to be read.
Mr. STEVENS. The substitute provides for
a uniform rate of interest at seven per cent., and
withdraws these national banks from State^tax-
ation and leaves them to be taxed by the national
Government. Those are the only differences.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and itwas decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ash-
Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell, Hale, Hooper, John II. llubbaid,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W.Kellogg,Lo.ni,
Longycar,Marvin, McBrule,McClurg-Moirill, Daniel Mor-
ns, Leonaid Myeis, Charlei O'Neill, Patterson, Perham,
Alexander II. ltice, Edward H. Uollins Schenck, Seofleld,
Shannon, Spaldins, Stair, Stevens, Thayer, Thomas, Up-
son, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Windom, and Wood-
bridge—59.
NAYS—Messrs. James V. Alien, William J. Allen, Ari-
coiiii, Baily, Augustus 0. Baldwin, Blaine, Bliss, Biooks,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cox,
Cravens, Dawson, Demson,Eden.Eldildge,English,Finck,
Ganson, Glider, Gnswold, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harris, Herriefc, Holman, Ilotchkiss, Asahel W Hubbard,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalbfleiscli, Orlando
Kellogg, Kernan, Law, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McKinney,
Middleton, William II. Miller, Jaines It. Moms,Morrison,
Amos Myers, Nelson, Odell, John O'Neill, Oith, Pendle-
ton, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Robinson, Rogers,
James S. Rollins, Scott,Smithers, Stebbins, John IJ. Steele,
Ktrouse, Sweat. Tracv, Van Val ken burgh, Wairi.EhhuB.
Washburne, Wheeler,"Chilton A. White, Joseph W.Whitej
Wilson, Wmfleld, Benjamin Wood, and Yeaman—78."
So the substitute was rejected.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the substitute was rejected; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING offered the followingamend-
ment to the original bill to come in as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted, That cach and every banking
association, created underand by virtue ol this or any other
act of Congress, shall receive in payment of its debts the
circulating notes of all other banks deriving their powera
from the same source, without depreciation or discoanl
from their nominal value.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion. _
The previous question was seconded, and the
m in question ordered.
Mr. COX moved that the bill be laid upon the
(able,but subsequently withdrew the motion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrdlfeed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays oil the
passage of the bill.
