THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
we will raise by this increased tax and how much
by other increased duties on imports.
Mr. MORRILL. I have not entered into a
calculation for that. For the last few weeks I
have not kept, track of our importations or of the
duties collected. The 50 per cent, joint resolu-
tion will, I presume, diminish the amount of rev-
enue we shall reccive this year. That is my judg-
ment. If it had not been for that my computation
would have been $100,000,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I warn to ask the gentleman
a question. There are rumors that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means are likely to ask for an
additional tax of $100,000,000. Is there any truth
in that?
Mr. MORRILL. So far as I know there is not.
Mr. STEVENS. Since my friend has been
speaking documents have come to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means asking for $85,000,000.
"Whether the committee will report it or not is
another question.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me ask the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if the source from
whence that income is to be derived is recom-
mended,
Mr. STEVENS. The sources are designated.
Mr. BROOKS. Is one source the real estate
of (he country?
Mr. STEVENS. J do not think that is men-
tioned among them. I have not looked over the
papeis except while my colleague has been speak-
Ing-
Mr. BROOKS. Has the committee taken any
action on that subject?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think the commit-
tee have come to any conclusion upon the subject.
The committee have as yet no information m their
possession.
Mr. MORRILL. I am fully confident that the
measures we have already perfected will place the
finances of the cuuntiy in a sound and substantial
condition.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Have the committee acted
upon that question at nil r
Mr. STEVENS. They have not. The com-
munication only came in since I have been sitting
here.
Mr. COX. I want to know how much the gen-
tleman would probably, in his estimates, deduct
from the amount to be raised by thin tariff in con-
sequence of tin; parage of the 50 per cent, res-
olution, as it is called.
Mr. MORRILL. I have not watched the
amount of importation and the amount paid since
the resolution went^nto rffcct, and therefoie am
Hot able to give him the statistics.
I call the pievious question upon the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
opi ration thereof the report uf the committee of
Confeii'iu e was agreed to.
Mr, MOUUILL moved to reconsider the vote
by which iho irport was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on ihe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QU AllTK 11M A STK it's I>H PA KTM. IS XT.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House in-
sist upon ii.s disagreement to the amendments of
the Senaie to the bill (I (. R. No, 154) to provide
for the better organization of the quartonnaafei \;
department, and request a committee of confer-
ence of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
IIAltnOR 1WKNSKS.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the House pro-
ceeded to the consideration nf the amendments of
the Senate to tin; hill (II. R. No o()7) making
appi (i; a ia lions for the const ruction, pr<\sei vat ion,
and iep:i!r i,f certain fos tilicalioiis and othei works I
of defense for tiie year ending 30th June, lb05. !
First amendment:
Strike out tin- toMowmii:
i'"r mm \\uil as Gn.it Biewnor'M^Uiicl, > iO.OOO ; lor re-
pun uf -LM-v, .ul- mi iV<.i and Lov<-UV i^LunU,-'la oou.
The committee ol conference recommend non-
COii'Uii leiu-e.
Tie- amendment was non-concurred in.
Second aim ndni"nt:
°1! >i\' O.I' tin '(ill'eVlJlL' ' [ >
it?1 i ''j/ u:-ol il! at Hina:l<^'h ." '!) j;
The Committee of Ways and Means recom- h
mend eoncuirence. \[
Mr. GANSON. 1 hope the House will non-
concur. This is precisely such a case as that of
Massachusetts. The appropriation is recom-
mended by the Secretaiy of War, and it is a
matter of absolute necessity for the protection of
that harbor and the general benefit of the West.
We have nothing now which we can export but
the products of the West, and a large portion of
that comes through the harbor of Buffalo.
The breach in this wail was made in January
last, and the engineer who examined the work
says there is danger that the balance of the wall
will be destroyed by the fiist storm. We have
made an appropriation of $250,000 for the benefit
of the lakes and of the sea-coast, but that appro-
priation will not be sufficient to do the necessary
work.
Mr. DAVIS, of New Yoik. I desire to ask
the gcntl'-man whether it is not a fact that the
citizens of Buffalo have been obliged to raise a
fund from private souices for the purpose ofpro-
tecting that wall.
Mr. GANSON. Certainly they have; but this
appropriation is for the Government property,
and the citizens of Buffalo have no right to go
there to make permanent repairs.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
On page 21, after the vvotd <<<ioI!ai>,> iuseit the follow-
ing:
Fot land deten jo- of San Fumci-co, ,$*177,000 : PiOvUleJ,
That no portion ol the samo shall he expended on ioittfica
{Mil;, now /a pro^rcbb tiieie.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concuned in.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the sev-
eral votes upon the Senateamendments; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was amended by adding thereto the
woids " ami foi other pmposes,"
Mi. STEVENS moved that the House insist
upon its disagieement to the several amendments
of the Senate, and lequest a committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes thereon.
The motion was agieed to.
Jit^IKUSS ON SPEAKER'S TARLE.
Mr WILSON. 1 move that the House do now
pioceed to tin* business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASLiliURNE,of Illinois, I ask unan-
imous consentthat bills betaken up for reference
only. i
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object. 1
The que.siion was taken on Mr. Wilson's mo-
tion, and jl was agreed to.
OVl'ULANl) MAIL CONTRACT.
Tlie first business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendments to the joint resolution j
(if. It. No.M) to authorize the Postmaster Gen- i
eial to extend tlx* contiact with the Oveiland Mail i
Company.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 nunc to concur with the ,
amendment of the Senate; and I move the pre- :
vioos question. j
Mr. STEVENS 1 hope the gentleman will '
not prea-i t he pi evious question until we aie heard ]
on this matu r. {
The SPEAKER. Does the jrentloman from |
Massachusetts insist on his demand for the pre- !
vious question ? i
Mi. ALLEY. I will withdiaw it for the pur- |
pose of explanation. 1
Mi STEVENS. This is a question of much :
importance and in whieh there it> a great fraud, '
and 1 \\ Kb to ln> Ik ,hd on it.
Mr. ALLEY. I think the matter is very weii
undt ratood
Mi. STEVENS. 1 understand it very well,
but I do not ihuik the House does.
Mr. ALLEY, ifthegentloman wantsany ex-
planation 
Mr. STEVENS. No. I want to give some .j
explanation.
Mr. A LLEY. U is a bill to authorize the Foot- :
m.isici General 
Mi STEVEXS. Oh, 1 know \ety well what |
it dues. !i
Mr. ALLEY. I do not bke toiefuse to allow
membeis to speak <ni this question, but 1 think it
is a matter which the House undet^LuKL. >'[
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will move to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. ALLEY. This matter was fully discussed
in the House the other day, and if the proposition
is right in itself I think that all will agree that
the Senate amendments are very proper and should
be concurred in.
Mr. STEVENS. It is not right in itself.
Mr. ALLEY. I know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania stated the other day thatitwas hot
right in itself, but he failed to convince the House
of that. The House decided against his view of
the case by a very large majority, as 1 believe it
would do now on a discussion of the case.
The amendments adopted by the Senate are
such as the House will agree to, and 1 think
that the gentleman himself [Mr. Stevens] will
make no objection whatever to them. His ob-
jection lies to the original proposition that has
passed the House by a very large majority on a
full, thorough, and fair discussion. For one, 1
should be exceedingly glad now to discuss the
whole question; and I think I could convince
every disinterested man in the House that by the
adoption of this pioposition the Government will
save at least a million dollars. Bat 1 do not think
that it is worth while to consume the time of the
House at this late stage of the session on a propo-
sition which is so well understood, which has
been so thoroughly discussed, on which the
House has already decided by so large a majority,
and which the Senate adopted by an almost unan-
imous vote, adding to it these amendments. Now,
if the gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to ask
me any question 
Mr. STEVENS. I want to discuss this mat-
ter. The other day the gentleman refused to al-
low discussion and moved the previous question.
Mr. ALLEY. Not at all. The gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. STEVENS. And when I asked for a post-
ponement of the matter till Monday he refused
it. 1 think the evidence shows it to be a fraud
from beginning to end. I do not mean to say
that the gentleman knows it to be so.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 stated to the House at the
time my convictions of what would take place;
and the lessult of the whole thing l^as proved that
all 1 stated was correct.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman stated it be-
fore a bid was opened, and I want to know how
he happened to know about it. Unless there is
an opportunity to amend this bill I hope it will
be laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will not insist upon the demand
for the previous question. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania says he has some information upon
this subject which is not in the possession of the
House, and I think he should have the opportu-
nity to give it. 1 hope the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly, I will withdiaw the
demand. So far as i am concerned I would de-
sire above all things to discuss this question most
fully. Notwithstanding the assertion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania 1 think I can establish
most eleariy to the satisfaction of the House that
he is entirely mistaken m this matter. My only
object m declining to yield the floor for the pur-
pose of going into ageneral discussion was to save
the time of the House, and not because I declined
at all to avoid a full and fair discussion. The bill
has been considered very fully in the House; it
was discussed fully in the Senate, and leceived
the almost unanimous assent of that body. The
House aiso passed it by a very large majority,
although opposition was made at the time by the
gentleman irom Pennsylvania. The amendments
of the Si natc* are, I think, a decided improvement
upon the angina! proposition, and i think every
gentleman here will concur with me in that opin-
ion. J now give way to the gentleman fiom Penn- .
syUr.n a.
Mi. STEVENS. I desire to offer the follow-
ing a* u> ndnient.
Mr. ALLEY. I cannot yield for the purpose
he: 'in amendment offoied.
. S 1 KVi^NS. If I cannot have the floor
lid i rjits to u, I do not der-Mi e it at a'I.
ALLEY. I ('the gentleman will allow his
amendment to be read the House con jtulgoof its
propuety.
of I
with
M
