THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
* Mr. PRUYN. I ask leave of the House to
print the remarks f intended to make in behalf of
myself and my associates.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I see no objection to his
printing them in any of the New York papers.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PRUYN. I thank the gentleman for the
suggestion.
Mr. KERNAN. We want them in the Globe,
for the New York papers may be suppressed.
PREVENTION OF SMUGGLING.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, froro the
Committee on Commerce, reported back, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute, bill of
the Senate No. 266, to prevent smuggling, and
for other purposes.
The bill was recommitted to the committee, and
(he substitute was ordered to be printed.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I now cull up the Senate
amendments to the legislative appropriation bill,
postponed till this day.
TIIE BANK BILL.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the' Speaker's table the
bill commonly known as the bank bill, for the
purpose of non-concurring in the amendments of
the Senate, and asking a committee of conference.
Mr. CHANLER. I object.
Mr. WAS1IBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Massachusetts that lie cuu
move to go to the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cannot yield any further.
Mr. WASHBURNB, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he allow
us to go to the Speaker's table and dispose of the
bills there.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like first to get rid
of this bill with the Senate amendments to it.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a comnuinciation from the Sec-
retary of War, in response to the resolution of the
House of Representatives, dated December 15,
I8G3, requesting a copy of the repoit of Major
General Blunt m respect to peculations on the
Government in removing certain refugee Indians,
&.C., stating that search litis been made for the re-
port in the several bureaus of the War Depart-
ment, and that their records show that it has not
been received by them; that Major General Blunt
was called on for a copy of it but that he was un-
able to furnish a copy; it was therefore impos-
sible to comply with the resolution of the House;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPIlOPIlIAtlON BILL.
The House then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, in accordance with the order adopted
on Friday last, to consider the amendments of the j
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 19\!) making
appropriations for the legislative, exee.uuve, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, ISO."):
First amendment of the Senate:
Pnge :i, line f'otty-t'onr, Rtuk,; out "lour tiumliorf and
eighty" and iiiMirt m lieu thereof " fix hundred."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concuirence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Paije 3, line foity-seven, add as foiiow.s:
Captain of tin: Cnpitol puliee, Capitol police,
$11,880; one pohixman, §'480.
The Committee of Ways and Meang recom-
mended concurrencc.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
l'jge 3, line forty six, >ti ike out " seVenty-nlnc" aiul in-
sert in Ueu Unercoi *{ ninety-two." i
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Pasre 3, line fuiry-mx. stillte out41 and fourteen" and in-
sert in lieu theieof " lour hundred and eighty-four."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred 111.
The four amendments adopted will make the
latter clause of the paragraph providing salaries
for the officers of the Senate read as follows:
Two laborers at $000 each; Chaplain to the Senate,
$750, making .-$92,484 ; captain of the Capitol police, $b"30;
Capitol police, $11,880 ; one policeman, $480.
Fifth amendment: .
Page 4, strike out, " for Capitol police, $12,275."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Page 8, insert, "for mapping in cases pending In the
Supreme Court of the United States, $5,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Page 8, line one hundred and sixty-five, insert the word
"three " befoie the word "laborers," so as to make the
paragraph read,for compensation of Librarian, three as-
sistant librarians, messenger, and three laborer?., $10,500."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Page 8. insert as follows:
To enable the Joint Library Committee to purchase a com-
plete filcof selee! tons, fromEntopean peiiodieabfrom lb61
to relating to the rebellion in the United Stales, to be
deposited in the Libiaiy, $4,000 : Piotided, That no pan of
said sum •-hall be expended until the entire collection, and
an index theieto, is completed and approved by said com-
mittee.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment w«h non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
INigo 10, insert as follow*:
And so much ol the second section of the act of Congress
approved August H, i 840, entitled *'An act to pi ovule for the
more eil'eetnal publication ol the law-, ol the United Slates,"
as rennets the publication of tins i-asd l.iw? tn iuo of tin-
newspaper of eaeh of the Sidles and Teimones ol the
United States, he, and the smie is hereby, repealed, in ic-
jipcet to St«ite. i and Temioiiis boitlenny on other States
or Temlones under the military control ot insmgentc
Provided, That I he ^aui law be not published m rnoie than
four new-paper* in anv Midi botdei Stale or Teintoiy:
Jhid provided, tiho, That the publication aforesaid -hall n"ot
reqiine any further appiopiiation b> Congic-s tod-'liay Ihe
expense theieol. *
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence in the amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
Page 10, line two-hundred and tlurty-tlnee, stilke out
the woids " blank-book*, binding" aitet ihe wo id "sta-
tionery."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concui renee.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
Same page, line two bundled and thirtv-four, strike out
" $10,000" and inseit in lieu thereof <' $9,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The paragraph, as amended, under the heading
of u for the incidental and contingent expenses
of the Department of State," would read as fol-
lows:
For stationery, furniture, fixtures, and repam, $5,000.
Twelfth amendment:
Page 11, line two hundred and foity-nine, after the woid
{'clerks,V undei the heading of Ttea*>uiy Depaitnieni,"
insert " Miperinlendmg architect at a salary of $:i,0U0, aV-
Mritant aieiutect at a salary of $52,000."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was noti-coneurrcd in.
Thirteenth amendment:
Same paraeiaph stiikc out " $17,100" and insert in heu
thereof ,v 10,400."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The paragraph, as amended, reads:
For compensation of the Seeietaiy of the Treasury, two
Assistant Seciotaiies of the Tua^iny, chief clerk, clerks,
supeuritendin? aichitect. at a salary>of 000, assistant
architect, at a'salary of #2,000, messengers, assistant mes-
senger, and laboiei!?, >i 10,400.
Fourteenth and fifteenth amendments:
Strike out " $115,910" and insert in lieu theieof " $107,-
140 so as to make the paragraph lead :
For compensation o( ihe Second Compuoiler, eliiefelctk.
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and laborer
in his office, $107,140*
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike out "twenty-two" and insert " tTiirty-seven."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out " five" and insert " three."
The Comtoittee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The paragraph, as amended, reads:
For compensation of the Second Auditor, chief clerk,
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, and labor-
ers m his oflicu, $337,340.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strikeout " $47,640" and insert in lieu thereof " $17,-
840 ;" so that it will read:
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, chief clerk, and
the clerks, messenger, and laborer in his office, $47,840.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
In the paragraph " for compensation of the Treasurer of
the United States, Assistant Tiea<urer, cabhier, assistant
ca^hici, chief cleik, and the cleiks. messengers, assistant
messengers, and laborers in hts office, $109,980," alter
the word " caslnei" nibeit the woids " chiefs of divisions."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
In the same paragraph, before the word " clerks" insert
the word " officers."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence. •
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
lu the same paiagraph, afterthe word "messenger-" in-
sert the woid " employes."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
fn the same paiagiaph strike out "nine" and insert
" seventy."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concui rerice.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Tn the same paragraph strike out "nine" and insert
" ilnee."
The Committee of Ways and Meane recom-
mended non-concur re nee.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fourlh amendment:
Tn the xaino paragiaph strike out ''eighty" and inftrt
" foity."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concunvnre.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Strike out" $.">0,000" and m-nt " $30,000 ;" so that the
paragiaph will lead:
Foi compensation o( temporaiy cleiks In the Treasuty
Department: Proiidtd, Thatthe Secietatv oiihi Tieasury
be, and he is hereby, authori/,ed, in hi> di^-retion, to rU'--
Mty ihe cleiks authorized dccoiding to tile character of therr
seiviei^, or asMgn to &uch ol them as he shall see lit any
eoinpen>auon not exceeding thatot clerks of the firt-t ola s,
$30,000.
Mr. PENDLETON. On behalf of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, I move to agree tn
the amendment of the Senate, with an amend-
ment, which is to strike out " §30,000" and ni-
sei t " $100,000."
Mr. HOL11AN. Itsecmsto me, Mr. Speaker,
that the amendment to the amendment, at least,
should not be agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask that some letters
from the Treasury Department explanatory of
this item shall be road.
The letters were read.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment as amended was
concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Strike out the words u blank-books, binding."
The Committee of Ways and means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
