406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to bo so pmn.-hed j but the order of suspension shall spe-
cify the chatges and convene a couit-maiuai for tl>e tiiai
of the officci thereon within ten days fiom the date of the
suspension; and if tho court shall not assign dismission or
death as the punishment, the officer shall stand restoied to
his rank, pay, ami emoluments from the date of the suspen-
sion.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
- Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, reported back, with a recommendation
that itdo pass, joint resolution of the Senate No.
18, in relation to the public printing1.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
RAILIIOAD LAND GRANTS.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous conscnt,submit-
ted tho following; preamble and resolutions; which
were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas certain land giants wore made by Congress in
the year 1856 to aid in the construction of milroads in the
States of Alabama, Floiida, Iowa. Louisiana, Mjgftcsota,
Mississippi, and Wisconsin; and whereas itwos provided
in the acts making said grants, that in ca^e the roads enu-
merated theiein should not be completed in ten yeais that
the lands should revertto the United Stales ; and whereas
several of the grants were made to States now in rebellion
against the Government; and whereas application has been
made ami will continue to be made to the present (Jongiess
for an extension of tho tunc of said gianto : Therefore,
IiaolvpJ, That tho Committee on Public Lands be re-
quested to make a thorough investigation of the subject, to
asceitam the number ot miles of-roads that liavc been built
by the companies claiming lands under said grants, the
number of sections and acres ot land that have been given
or transferred to the roads ic^poctively for the miles already
completed, the piospectol their completion, and whether
it will be just and expedient or not to extend tho time of
baid grants.
Resolved, That the committee be fuither requested tore-
port to tin? House, by bill or otherwise, such action in the
premises (aiteratuli investigation) as to it shall seem ju^t
and for the public interest.
WTCSTEttN COMMERCE.
Mr. BLAIR, ofAlissouri,asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, Thai a special committee he appointed by the
Speaker of ibe House, to consist of five monrbeis, with
anthotify to uujgHhe into and u-poit upon the piaotical
operation and reMuts of the actofCongr<VH regulating com-
mercial mteicourse with the States declaicd to be in m-
Miireetiou against the authoiitv of the Government, and
whetliei the lcgulat ions of the Treasury Depai tineni wlm h
ptn pot t tt> have been made m pursuance of ^;ud act, as car-
lied out by the Department, comply with its de-n n. To
examine particularly and report upon the manner in which
said act has boon t xccutul, and whether nn> liaud> have
been praeiieed on the Government hy the othi cis oi agents
employed under said act, and whether any (avoiiti-m to
individuals or localities has been shown in' us execution;
und to inquire further whethor the effect of said aet and of
the said regulations- of tin: Tiea^ury Depai tmeut has been
to pi event btipplic.s tiom reaching the i ebejs or to taeiliiate
the object. That said eoimmttee have pn\ve> to -end foi
[•ergons ami paper*;, and to emplov a clciU, with the usual
amount of compensation, for the puipw-(; of reducing to
wilting rill testimony taken by said eoininittee.
j\Ir. SLOAN objected.
Mr. 150YD. I hope no objection will be made
to (hat resolution.
Tim SPEA KER. Objection has been made,
and the resolution is not befoie the House.
Mr. PLA1R, of Missouri. 1 hope the gentle-
man from \Vtseooxin will withdraw his objection.
The resolution merely provides for mi inquiry
into a very important bianch of the public ser-
vice. Certainly no friend of the Seciotai y of the
Treasury orof the Administration ought to object,
to it.
The SPEAKER. The tesohuion isuotbcfoie
tbo House.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMi.shOini. I uiuiei.jtaud the
gentleman from Wisconsin to withdraw his ob-
jection.
The SPEAKER. The f.h air does not so un-
derstand.
Mr.SPALDING. IfhedooK, 1 icnew it.
OONPISCATlii) PilOl'KllTV.
Mr. EDGERTON claimed tho floor,
Mr. NOBLE. 1 ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will do so.
Mr. NOHLE. My colleague [Mr. Garfield]
has referred to a pnvate conversation held with an
individual from the State of Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
can only proceed by the unanimous consent of the
House, the gentleman from Indiana being entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. NOBLE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. DAVIS, of Maiyland. I distinctly rose
in my place and objected to the gentleman from
Ohio proceeding. , "
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
objection was made to unanimous consent being
given; but the gentleman from Indiana can yield
part of his time to the gentleman-from Ohio with
the consent of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from Indiana yields the floor unconditionally, I
suppose he may.
Mr. EDGERTON. I cannot yield uncondi-
tionally.
The SPEAKER. Then tho gentleman from
Indiana will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, the speech
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] advocating his proposed amendment to the
joint resolution now before the House, removes
from my mind all doubt, if any existed before, as
to the character and objects of the act of Congress
of July 17,1862, entitled "An act to suppress in-
surrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to
seize and confiscate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes."
I listened to and have read the gentleman's
speech with deep and, I may say,painful interest.
With the hand of a master he has drawn in clear
and bold outline a sketch of the character and ob-
jects of this war as now waged by the Federal
Executive. His propositions are substantially
these:
1. That the existing war between the United
States and the confederate States is a civil war,
carrying with it the character of public war, in
which the United States on the one side and the
confederate States on the other arc belligerent par-
ties, and as to each other independent and foreign
nations, und the character of alien enemies at-
taches to all, including women and children, who
in fact, or by domicile, adhere to tho confederate
States.
2. That the war has abrogated tho treaty or
compact called 4ta Constitution "heretofore exist-
ing between the United States and the confederate
States, or their people, and neither can chum as
against the other the aid of the Constitution or
the laws passed under it.
13. That the teintoiy of the confederate States,
covered by the confederate flag, is foreign coun-
try, and when we conquer it, it is a conquoted coun-
try, whereof the lands are to be confiscated and
sold, and the slaves of the people made free, and
the States and their laws reorganized.
4. That he who now wishes to reestablish "the
Union as it was," and to restore uthe Consti-
tution as it is," cannot escape the guilt of attempt-
ing to enslave his fellow-men. "The Unionas it
was and the Constitution as it is" is an atrocious
idea; it is man-stealing. That all the inhabitants
of the confederate States have lbifeiteil all lights
undei the Constitution whu h they have renounced,
and that they arc, forever estopped from claiming
fMhe Union as it was. "
Sir, it is a question of grave significance to the
people of the United State.--, and to (he Armv of tho
IJuilf d States, as a pai L of t he people, whether or
not the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Sxi>
vcys] speaks hy authority.
On tins point he uses this language:
<l To anutiemen who were member •- of the la*a ('ongrc-s
this i- hut i('petition. AUhco.Mia se<-.-ion ot IH>1 I ad-
viiiieed the simi: .•sugireMnm*. ; and I have iepeatc.1 them on
ail olc.i-ious that I deemed piopei miicc. They weie not
then quite acceptable to either mcIc ot the Hmw. |5ut I
>1111 gl.ul find ibat the Pie-ailcnt. aht i < aieiul < \nimna-
t ion. Ii.i- conic to the siiiiii' eon el us ion. In deta )K we any
not (pot e ,iuri ec ; but his plan ol i econ-tt net ion aniline.-1 he
same "enotal giound-. It piopo-e to neat tiic ichel teni-
toi\ a- .i eoixpieimi iilonc w uuld ttcnt it. Hi- plan \~ w holly
outbid'* ol and unknown to the < 'on-Mution. Hut if is
within th" legitimate piovincc of the law< of war. il.s
lejral mind ha.- ca'vfull* studied the law of nations and
ieat lied a ju-t conclusion.'>
I do not now allude to the speech of tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania with a view to make
it the chief theme of my remarks at this time, or
to attempt ;in answer to it now; for even if 1 felt
myself able to enter the iield of argument with a
gentleman of his eminent ability and great pat ha-
mentary expeiicne/', I should deem it due to my
cause and to myself to devote to the speech moni
of tune for mvest'iration and thoughtthan I have
yet been able to give to it.
The speech is one that should be read and pon-
dered well by every man who defines to restore
" the Union as it was under the Constitution as
it is"—an expression, sir, 1 would here say, as
grossly misunderstood as it is grossly misrepre-
sented; and to tire true friends of the Union as the
Constitution made it the speech will sugg< st the
pregnant question, Is this a war for the Union?
And they may further ask, To whatgood docs the
blood of our people flow like water, and taxation
lay its iron hand upon our labor and our estates,
if the Unionandthe Constitution be no longer our
cause and justification? Many men, yes, tens
and hundreds of thousands, who have given the
war an earnest support, and would still support
itfor its just and constitutional purposes, will in-
quire, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania he the
exponent of our war policy, whether it be not bet-
ter to say to the States and people now composing
"the foreign country" to the south of us, and once
our sister States," Wayward sisters, go in peace,"
than to attempt to force upon them, by the power
of war, the iron bonds which the iion policy of*
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
would forge for them.
It is common, sir, for gentlemen on the other
side to denounce us, and the great Demociatic
party of the North, as disuniomsts, sympathizers
with rebellion, secessionists, disloyal men; and
the word " traitor" ajmost fell from the hps of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] the other day
in his allusion to his Democratic colleague, [Mr.
Cox.] Sir, if Jefferson Davis ever gave utterance
to sentiments more disunion and disloyal, or ever
indicated a more fatal purpose toward the Union
and Constitution, than the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has done in his speech, I have yet to find
the record of such utterances; and I go further,
sir, and say that if the President of the United
States accords with the sentiments and purposes
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and is car-
ryingon the war for such purposes, then is he as
essentially infidel to his oath of office and his
high duty as a magistrate and a citizen as was
Jelferson Davis when he commanded Beauregard
to open his batteries against the walls of Sumter.
Sir, it is a solecism^a mockery, and an absurdity
to call such sentiments as those of the gentleman
ftom Pennsylvania " Union sentiments," orsuch
a war as lie would wage against the people of the
South, now, as he claims, an alien and foreign
people, " a war for the Union." It is the creed
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, urged fiom
year to year with ail tho eneigy of his poweiful
intellect and iion will, that has poisoned the minds
of the people of this nation, North and South,
toward each other and their common Constitu-
tion, and brought disunion and civil war upon us
with all their woes. Sir, the men disloyal to the
Union and the Constitution are not all adherents
of the southern confederacy, nor in the ranks of
that " odious" Democratic party whom the gi n-
tlcm.ui from Pennsylvania seems so much to loathe
and despise; the names of many may be found in
the rolls of the " Loyal Leagues," and not a lew
e^en in high places of Fedeial power.
Sir, if tlie President and his party m power
desitc to deplete and denuualize the Army of she
Union, and take fiom it ai*l give to the lchelhon
ail the moral powerofa justcause; if theydesire
to remove all inducement for tlie fiee enlistment of
men to leciuitour Aimy; if they desire to make
the conscription law a dead letter on the statute-
book; if they desire to sap the unsteady founda-
tion, and tumble into ruin hopeless and uretuev-
able the already iniiated and unsubstantial struc-
tme of our public credit; if they desire to prolong
the war, to aggiavute ns horrors and intensify its
hate, und enlist against us the sympathies uf the
civilized woild, and finally to secure to the confed-
erate States their independence as a nation, leav-
ing the name and glory of the United States as
but tlie shadow of a once mighty name and power
in the earth, let the Ptesidout and his party adopt
and persist m and attempt to carry out the policy
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
In the view I have of the character and pur-
poses of the party m power, as a revolutionary
party, it seems to me of little importance, cxcept
as to form, whether tlie joint resolution reported
by the Judiciary Committee, oi tho proposed
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
| Mr. Stf.vkns,] or that suggested by the gentle-
man fiom Ohio [Air. Si-aloino] be .tdopied by
Comncbs. Either would remove the restriction
