1864
i
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®;
im
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the bill be laid
Upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen,
Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Ashley, Augustus O.
Baldwin, Baxter, Bliss, Boyd, Biooks, Broomall, James
S. Brown, Chanlcr, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawson, Dcnison, Donnelly, Dnggs, Eden, Eldridge,Elfc>t,
English, Finck, Ganson, Gooch, Grider, Giiswofd, Hale,
Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Hernck, Holman,
Hooper, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalb-
fleiseh, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Otlando Kellogg,
Reman, Law, Loan, Long, Longyear, Mallory, Marcy,
Marvin, McBride, McClurs, McKmney, Middleton, Wil-
liam 11. Miller, Daniel Morris, James 11. Morris, Mor-
rison, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Odell, Charles O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, Shannon, Starr,
John B. Steele, Stevens, Strouse, Thayer,Thomas, Ward,
Ehhu B. Washbiune, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A,
White, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Benjamin Wood.
Woodbiid<re, and Yeaman—90.
NAYS—"Messra.Baily, John D.Baldwin, Bearnan, Blaine,
Boutweil, William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay,
Cobb, Cole, Dixon, Eckley, Frank, Garfield, Grinnefl,
Hotchkis*, A^ahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Jenckes,
Samuel F. MilU:r, 'Morrill, Amoi Myers, Orth, Patterson,
Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price. William M. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Rice, John II. Rice, James S. Rollins, Schenck,
Scofield, Sirnthers, Spalding, William G. Steele, Tracy,
Upson, Van Valk«nburgh, William B. Washburn, Wilder,
Wilson, and Windom—14.
So the bill was laid upon the table-.
During the vote,
Mr. STUART said that he had paired with
Mr. Davis, of Maryland; otherwise he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. SCOTT stated that he had paired with Mr,
Blow.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED ELECTION IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr:. SMITHERS, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, to whom was referred the contested-elec-
tion case in New Mexico, made a report, accom-
panied with the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the petition of Jose M. Callegos, asking
further time to take testimony in the matter of ins contest
of the ri^ht of Francisco Perea to a seat in this House as
a Delegate fiom New Mcxico, be not granted.
ReSolved, ThattheCommiUee of Elections be dischatged
from any further consideration of the mcmoual of contest.
The resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. SMITHERS moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVES OF ABSENCE.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I desire to ask leave of
absence for Mr. Driggs until day after to-morrow.
Leave was granted.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask leave of absence
for Mr. Blow for two weeks fiom lu-monow.
Leave was granted.
GRANT OF LANDS TO IOWA.
MrA ALLISON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on PublicLands abill
to amend an act entitled "An act making a grant
of land to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections,
to aid in tiie construction of certain railroads in
said State," approved May 15, 1856; which was
read a fnstand second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the committee of con-
ference, to whom was referred the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill of the
House No. 302, made the following report:
The committee of conference appointed to take into
consideration the disagreeing votes, of the two Houses on
the amendments to the bill (II. R. No. 302) to amend sec-
tion nine of the act approved July 17, le!62, entitled "An
act to define the pay and emoluments of certain officers of
the Army, andfot other puipo?eV having met, after full
and free conference have agieed, and do recommend to
their respective Houses to agiee. as follows:
That the Hou^e of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the first amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tlie same, with the following amendments, to wit: flrat,
after thi* word Cl chaplain," fn thf* first line of Said amend-
ment, insert the words" withouteommand  " second, atier
the word " surgeons," in the fourth line ofVaid amendment,
insert the woids" and shall wear such untfoim asi3 or may
be prescribed by the Army Regulations," and that the Sen-
ate agree to the said amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from their
disagreement to the third section of the amendments of |he
Senate, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ments, to wit: first, after the words "Adjutant General/'
in the fourth line of said section, insert the words "of the
Army through the usual military channels;" second, after
the word " condition," in the fourth line of said section, in-
sert the words " and general history," and that the Senate
agree to the said amendments.
That the House of Representatives recede from theirdia-
agrecuient to the fourth section of the amendments of the
Senate, and agree to the same with the following amend-
ment, to wit: add at the end of Mud section the words
"when practicable," and that the Senate agree to said
amendment.
HENRY WILSON,
L. F. S. FOSTER,
GEO. READ RIDDLE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. A. GARFIELD,
M. V. ODELL,
N. B. SMiTIIDRS,
Managers on the part of the House*
The report was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, at (four
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlpril 7, 1864.
Prayerby the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sbvderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Charles Rumney, a soldier of the war of 1819,
praying to be allowed arrears of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of Colonel
John G. Hudson and other officers of negro troops-
stationed at the post of Helena, Arkansas, pray-
ing that negro soldiers may be placed on the same
footing as to pay and emoluments as other soldiers
in the Army of the United States; which was or-
dered to lie on the table.
TRANSFERS FROM TUB ARMY TO THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call theattention of the
Senate for a single moment to a personal matter.
I find myself, in the proceedings of the Senate
yesterday, charged with a misstatement, a false-
hood. I will read it from the Globe:
"Mr. Grimes. When 1 introduced this bill tins morning,
I stated that it there was any objection to its Immediate
consideration I would not pres* the hill at thu time. Then;
was no objection. The Senator from New Uampshnesays
that he objected."
1 do not ask anything. I simply want to call
attention to this breach of parliamentary privilege
and of the rules of the Senate, and having done
that I have done.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has made a personal explanation as to a
matter in which I am involved, and I desire to
say a single word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampsluie yield?
. Mr. HALE. I wish to make a report first.
The Committee on Naval Affairs, lo whom was
referred yesterday a bill (S. No. 218) to repeal a
joint resolution therein named, have had the same
under consideration and instiucted me to report
it with an amendment. As I presume, from what
occurred in the Senate yesterday, it is the inten-
tion of the Senate to proceed with the considera-
tion of this hill, 1 move that the Senate proceed
to its consideration now.
Mr. DAVIS. I object. I want to go through
with the morning business.
Mr. HALE. I present a report on the subject
which I ask to have printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire has called attention to the alleged fact that
I charged him yesterday-with stating an untruth.
I did not intend to make any sueh charge; and it
seems to me it would have been very well if the
Senator had read all that I said on the subject.
When I introduced the bill yesterday, 1 did state
that if there was any objection to its immediate
consideration I would not press it at that time.
The Chair did not hear-any objection made, and
X think I express the opinion of every Senator
Within the sound of my roioc when I say that no
one of them heard any such objection made. I
had a right therefore to infer, as the Chair did,!
that no objection had been made.
1 stated afterwards that the Senator from Ne'i#
Hampshire said that he had made an objectroii
but nobody heard him. We then went oft with
the consideration of the case, and the Senator
made a speech; and what was the speech ? I al-
leged, what had been alleged by tjje Secretary of
. the Navy in his communication to the Senate^
what had been published in all thS newspapers;
what was known to every man in the Senate and
every man outside of the Senate, that there WOT
so great a deficiency of seamen and ordinary sen-
men in the public service that the armed vessels
of the country could not be manned. It was
known to every man here that it could not be
otherwise, because all the machinery of the Gov-
ernment had been used to draw men into the
Army to the exclusion of the Navy, because
bounties had been paid to men enlisting in the
Army and not to men enlisting in the Navy, be-
cause the men who were recruited in the various
localities into the Army were credited upon the
Army quotas, and those that enlisted into the
Navy were not credited upon the quotas of their
respective States.
It was known to every one else, and might
have been known, and doubtless was known, to.
the Senator from New Hampshire who has charge
of the conduct of naval affairs in this body, that
there are twelve ships belonging to the Army as
Army transports running out of the city of New
York alone, the seamen upon which receive from
thirty to forty dollars a month, while we are pay-
ing our seamen on board naval vessels fourteen,
sixteen, or eighteen dollars a month, and charge
them with their clothing. It was known, of
might have been known, by every man in this
body that seamen at the city of New York are
receiving §100 the round trip between that city
and the port of Liverpool or London. The result
was, as everybody knows, that there is a great
scarcity of seamen.
When it was known that there was considera-
ble trouble growing out of the passage of those
two laws which were both approved on the same
day, the 24th of February last, I waited from
that time until this for somebody to introduce a
bill to repeal that joint resolution. No bill of that
kind was introduced by anybody. It was al-
leged in the Senate yesterday that I introduced
the bill which I did introduce, at the"instance of
the Navy Department. The Senator from New
Hampshire was greatly mistaken.
Mr. HALE. I did riot say that.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator insinuated so.
He said that if the Navy Department saw fit to
have communication with some other person than
with the chairman of the Naval Committee, he
was not responsible for it, thereby conveying the
impression that I had been induced to introduce
that bill at the instance of the Navy Department.
Why, sir, the Vice President of the United States,
the Presiding Officer of this body, was the man
who suggested to me yesterday morning to intro-
duce that bill and secure its passage.
When the hill was introduced, knowing tho
facts in regard to the scarcity of seamen, what
did the Senator from New Hampshire do ? With-
out making an objection that I heard, or that was
heard by the Presiding Officer of this body, he
got up here to make a speech; and what was it?
It seems that in riding in the cars he accidentally
came in contact with a colleague of mine in the
other branch of Congress. He learned from him
that that colleague had applied to have a naval
rendezvous opened in the capital of my State, in
the interior of that State; that that communica-
tion had been very properly directed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy to the chief of the Bureau of
Recruiting and Equipment, and the chief of that
bureau had written in reply to Mr. KASbo.v that
he did not choose to appoint any one to open a
recruiting rendezvous in Iowa, and then said that
he anticipated a sufficient number of seamen and
ordinary seamen would be secured to the Navy
under theenrollmentlaw. The Senator from New
Hampshire fortified himself with that communi-
cation made by the chief of the Bureau of Re-
cruiting and Equipment, and brought it to the
Senate to prove, what? To prove either that there
were plenty of seamen, ana hence there was no
necessity for the passage of any law, or else that
