408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
it be religious, philanthropic, or political. The
zealots or'slavery and the zealots of anti-slavery
have had their way, and the attestants of their zeal
are a broken Union, a dishonored Constitution, a
land drenched with blood, filled with demorali-
zation, sadness, and death, and already burdened
with a public debt whose giant form even now
projects into theswift-coming future the gloom of
national bankruptcy. The same policy that was
the chief exciting cause and forerunner of civil
war is now its concomitant, and the guide of the
Federal Administration in its conduct.
It has been determined by the Administration
that the lands of the southern States shall become
free soil, in tfieir sense of free soil, that is, soil
whereof white men and negroes shall share in
common ownership, coequuls in all rights political
and social.
The constitutional rights of States and persons,
the canons of property, State laws, the principles
of public law, the spirit of Christianity, and that un-
conquerable instinct of nature which binds men of
the same race to each other as brother to brother,
may and do stand in the way of that negro Utopia
winch philanthropy run mad sees rising up on
the sunny plains of the South. Bat what ofthat?
An oracle has said, " This Union cannot perma-
nently endure half slave and half free;" and the
rights of States, guarantied by the Federal Con-
stitution, to make their own constitutions oflocal
government, and their own laws to form and con-
trol theirdomesticinstitutions,are no other than na-
tional wrongs before the higher law of negro eman-
cipation and elevation. Thelaw ofnations,Chris-
tianity, the natural instincts of kindred and race
must yield to it; and it leaps over or breaks down
with impunity constitutional limitations, plainly
written and made sacred by time and the exposi-
tions of the most eminent jurisprudents. How
much of the partisan orfanatical spirit of revenge,
or of mean cupidity and greed of personal gam,
or of low political ambition moaner than avarice,
may mingle in fhe motives of some of the "loyal"
men who are urging forward this giant schema to
subjugate, impoverish, expatriate, or exterminate
millions of a kindred race of white men, inherit-
ors of the names and homes of patriots and sases,
whose names and deeds illuminate our history,
for the assumed benefit of a race of black men and
their white coequals, I am not now prepared to
say; but the history of this war thus far, in the
details of its oppressions and devastations, in its
recklessexpendituresand official frauds, its Army
and Navy contracts, its cotton and sugar specu-
lations, and kindred schemes of "loyal" enter-
prise, afford heart-sickening revelations to men
who love their country, and watch with care the
progress of events.
As 1 have already remarked, ^here are two lead-
ing ideas in the minds of Administration men as
to the ways and means of accomplishing the
schemes of the party in power. The one is the
idea of men who from tcmpeiament or conserva-
tive political education, or other causes, are timid
men, and by strategy and indirection would
achieve de&ti uetivo and revolutionary objects
through the use of constitutional forms. To this
class, which may be styled the conservative pai ty
in the Administration, the President himself
naturally belongs. The other idea is that of the
radicals of the Administration party; men who
originate and lead and shape revolution; men of
more robust intellect, clearer mental vision, more
energy of will and directness of purpose than the
President and his conservative adherents, men of
thestamp—ifl may so say—of thegentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr Stevens,] whose amendment
would sweep away at once all fhe cobwebs of
constitutional technicalities by w hich moie timid
and less clear-sighted men of his party would stop
the onward progress of the juggernaut of confis-
cation, whereon the negro idol sits enthroned.
The timid men want absolute confiscation. It
opens before them a wide field where revenge,
philanthropy, and " loyalty "eun all get profit and
substantial reward. The Constitution is a lion in
their path; a wail m their way; a fortress and a
rock of defense to rights of States and rights of
person and property. A bold man,a revolution-
ist, like the gentleman from Pennsylvania, would,
if need be, at once strike down the lamparts of the
Constitution, or push it aside as an unwiiften
parchment if it lay in his pathway. The gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] with the elas-
ticity of youth but the discretion of age, would
not rush deliriously against the Constitution, but
would overleap it at a bound. Other conserva-
tive legislators here,less bold than the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and less elastic than the gen-
tleman from Ohio, while professinga desire to do
nothing contrary to it, would crawl over, under, or
around the Constitution, into the clysium of na-
tional salvation and universal freedom which they
see beyond it. Herein is the cardinal difference
between the two wings or divisions of the Admin-
istration party, and the President seems neither
by nature nor in fact to be the leader of either, but
to take his color and his cue from one side or the
other, as the pressure or need of support from
either may from time to time be greatest. Barring
my utter abhorrence of the revolutionary purposes
of the party, what little of respect I have for their
methods is with the radicals. With them, we,
whose duty it is to stand in defense of the Con-
stitution, know we will have an open field and a
fair battle. From a man who openly curses the
Constitution we know what to expect. Notyso
as to him who would betray it with a kiss.
The war power, the mail-clad, slaughter-breath-
ing, remorseless Mars, is the divinity the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] calls to
his aid. This war power, wJiich, in the form it
now assumes, was unseen and unsuspected in the
placid, beautiful features of the Federal Consti-
tution, has suddenly sprung from it, full-armdfl,
like Pallas from the brain of Jove; or I might
better say that like the little cloud, no larger than
a man's hand, which Elisha saw from the top of
Carmel coming up from the far horizon of the
sea, the war power has grown and spread, from
a misty, dimly seen nebula, until its deep, dark
shadow covers the land like a pall,and men gaze
on it
tkA=! men who watch the thundcr-cloud in fear,
Lcf-t it should break above them."
This war power as it is now sought to be ap-
plied in our jurispiudencc is not a constitutional
instrument, Lut a revolutionary invention of radi-
cal minds. It is no legitimate child of the Con-
stitution; it does not bear its lineaments. Nor is
it the child of the President; it has in it nothing
of his intellectual or physical conformation. It
has been brought to him as an ally and helper;
something whereon he might lean, and to some
extent he has used it. He has used it to effect
the radical end of the emancipation of the slaves.
He used it first for this purpose with hesitation,
with reluctance and great misgiving. He thought
a proclamation of emancipation under the war
power would be thunder without the bolt or the
electric stroke, or like the Pope's bull against the
comet. But the President's mind is changeful.
What he thinks or declares to-day he may not
think or declarc or abide by to-moir^w. What
the President used doubtimrly and timidly atfnst,
but now with u$e is growing enamored, as boys
grow in love with their fiist firearm, be it gun or
pistol, and as men glow pleased with power by
using it, the gentleman from Pennsylvania has no
fear nor doubt in using. He marches boldly up
to fhe issue of confiscation, and claims it, not as a
punishment for treason under the Constitution,
but as a belligerent light of the conqueror over the
conquered, outside of the Constitution. Against
the theory of the inviolability of the constitutional
Fedeial Union, State rights, rights of property
and person under Federal and State constitutions,
placed in one scale, he boldly throws into the op-
posing scale what William Pinkney once aptly
termed " the ponderous claim of war." By se-
cession and revolution, in the view of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, the southern people have
become alien enemies. We have invaded and
conquered then tcnitories, and by power of war
emancipated their slaves within our rcaeh. Their
lands aie our propei ty, and they and their slaves
our subjects. The Federal Government is sov-
ereign over both by the laws of war, and all that
remains is to legislate as to the division of the
conquered lands, and to organize and protect the
new order of f eemen and fieedmen's society to
be established there. This is the theory and plan
of the gentleman fi om Pennsylvania, and in it the
confiseat.nn law pure and unlimited is to play its
part. It is a bold plan, claiming the rxiremost
principles of the law of nafons for its base, and
not the Federal Constitution; and at the proper
time I hope it will be fairly and fully met in all its
bearings in the manner in which it has been met
to-day in the able argument of my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Fincic,] when the vaiious bills (that
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania included)
for reconstructing States or organizing conquered
provinces shall come before this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let us look more directly
at the intent and character of the joint resolu-
tion before the House. Under various pretenses,
among which I may name indemnity for the past
and security for the future, zeal for the soldiers of
the Union, their widows and orphans, wivesand
children, zeal for the oppressed bondmen, zeal for
the onward march of freedom and the extension
of our power and glory as a nation, zeal for arts,
manufactures, and commerce, zeal for school-
houses and churches, but in pursuance of what I
believe to be in fact an unchristian, unwise, rev-
olutionary, and, in many of its elements and mo-
tives, fanatical and corrupt policy of the party in
power,their majority in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress passed the confiscation act of July 17,1862.
The first object expressed in the title of this act
was " to suppress insurrection." As to thatob-
ject no man questions that the act has signally
failed, as the experience of history proves that all
attempts tdfifcleal with a great revolution, ageneral
uprising of a people educated in principles of free
constitutional government, by hui ling at them the
thunders of vindictive legislation, have also sig-
nally failed. Revolutions are never conquered by
vindictive laws. They but add fuel to the flame, '
and make what might otherwise be weakness
strength by the very inspiration of despair, but
they never conquer nor suppress a revolution.
Armies may do it, but vindictive legislation never
did and never will. They are u bloody inven-
tions, which, being taught, return to plague the
inventor." Liberty may be crushed out by the
strong arm of material power, but Jaws cannot
crush it, for libei ly and law affiliate. They are
twin sisters, coequal in origin and duration, and
when society is normal, they ever cling with lov-
ing kindness to each other. Law was not born
to be the tyrant of Libeity, but her sister and her
As an act to punish treason and rebellion, and
to seize and confiscate the property of rebels, the
purposes and terms of the act of July 17, 1862,
are clear enough. The first four sections lelate
to the punishment of treason and rebellion below
thegrade of constitutional treason. The fifth sec-
tion makes it the duty of the Piesident to cause
the seizure of the propel ty, ical and personal, of
all the higher or official grade of persons who
should thereafter participate in the rebellion, such
propeity to'be applied and used for the suppoit
of the Army of the United States. Section six
went further, and extended the President's power
of seizure and application to the support of the
Army, of all the estate and propeity of all other
persons engaged in or aiding the rebellion who
should not, within sixty days after public warning
and pioclauiation of the Piesident, cease to rebel
or abet rebellion; and the actof seizure was made
operative to defeat all .sales or transfer of such
I propeity and estate after the expiration of said
j sixty days. Sections seven and eight presciibcd
j the judicial proceedings in rem by which the prop-
erty thus seized should ho " condemned as enemy's
property, and become the property of the United
States," to be disposed of as the court should de-
cree, and the proceeds thereof paid into the Tieas-
uiy of the United States for the purpose stated,
namely, the suppoit of the Army.
1 do not know who was the author of this act
of July 17, 1862, but it is apparent that there is
in it a strange mixing up of and attempt to enfoi ce
belligerent and municipal rights against the same
j peisons. The first four sections are evidently
j intended to be constitutional or municipal legis-
i lation, based upon the constitutional power of
: Congress to declare the punishment of treason
and its implied power of declaring and punishing
dimes against the United States, and ch-ariy con-
templated indictment and conviction under the
Constitution. Sections five, six, seven, and eight,
inasmuch as they do not confoim to any con-
'i stitutional provision in regard to treason and its
!' punishment, although aimed at persons guilty of
!- treason, seem to be based upon an assumed bel-
; liferent or war right of seizure and confiscation,
j rJ hus, while Congress in one breath were doclar-
; ing that tialters and their abettors should be
