8406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
should not be done; that friends of his were in-
terested In the bids. lie actually went so far as
to say, although i supposed it was said ironically,
that he himself had an interest in the matter.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I beg leave to say that I
never said such a thins:.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not suppose it was said
in earnest. I supposed the gentleman was speak-
ing ironically.
Mr. STEVENS. I never said so.
Mr. ALLEY. I supposed it was said in a
Pickwickian sense. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVEN'S, No, sir. I never said it at all.
Mr. ALLEY. Those who know the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania know very well that he
is apt to speak in that way. I did not suppose
that the gentleman had the slightestinterest m it.
Nevertheless, that was the reply he made to me
"when I went to him to induce him to withdraw
his objection. He said, "Oh no, nothing of the
kind. This is the best way."
Mr. STEVENS. When was this—before or
after the opening- of the bids ?
Mr. ALLEY. This was at the time you made
the objection to the joint resolution. I wentand
explained the matter to you and tried to convince
you, but you would notlisten to a word, and said
that there were parties in interest whom you
knew very weft, and who were bidding.
Mr. STEVENS. That was after the bids were
opened.
Mr. ALLEY. No, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 never said such a word
before, for I did not know a paity that had bid.
Mr. ALLEY. Well, I did not suppose you
did. It will be recollected by the House that the
gentleman stated that the joint resolution should
be postponed for a week. 1 said, " No, do not
postpone it for a week, for then it will be too late.
To-morrow or next day the time will expire;
and if nothing is done pievious to that time the
Government will be bound to accept these bids,
and it will be in the power of two or thieo indi-
viduals." I said thof m my judgment some of
them weie straw biddi rs. 1 believe so now. I
believe thai the gent feinan \i constituent was a
stuuv bidder, L think the leason why he came
in subsequently was that he must have been
bought oil', it seems to me susceptible of no
other reasonable solution; but, whether bought
oif or not, he saw he was; in a very bad predica-
ment, and that it was nec-esjaiy for him to come
torward and lcnew his bid to protect himself
from the consequences of its withdrawal, tie
had teleivKtphed to the Department that he would
not take the contract, ami he afterv/aids found it
necessary to come (oiward and oiler to take it,
ami bring forward his sureties; for he was liable
to be held for the dilleienro between the amount
of his bid and the amount which the Gowm-
numt might have to pity—the diileience between
^750,001) and 30,000, the next bid.
Now, Mr. Speakei, from all the ml'oinmtion I
can get, ami { have talked with all the paities m
interest, every one of them, that my opinion of
the state of the case, Hut no matter for that.
Giant for the sake of argument that the parlies
ail acted in pei feet good faith, timt they meant
all they .. nd, the.11 he y weio no! acting in collusion
with each othei, but were te.tlly in honoiuble
competition with t\H h othei and intended every-
thing past ar- it appears upon the l ecoi d m perfect
good taith; ^lant all that for the "-'ake of argu-
ment, i'nd how does the eas • stand ? The over-,
land hurl company agiee to cauy the mail over
this route for lour yeais at per year.
This constituent of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania,who by the way i*> a vei y lespon.siblc party,
i.s [ und' rstanu from the gentleman, though 1 am
inhumed by veiy good authority that he has no
.such pecuniary it-«ptni^,ibili13-r as tu warrant him
STEVENS. VvTiU the gentleman uif^nn
rue 'A i 1 o i- mitimnty for 1 hat statement*'
M t .
you jfi
for jt.
\LI
.-po
\ oi  know tin man, and I.
"Sibie. i will take your w«
i iCrow a great many bars;
> a: n the man who istheg<-n-
th.it a\i''ju.e;:t. [Lau^h-
A1 r ALLEY. 1 ask you whether you do not
know thuc tow n:.man of yours who made the bid?
Mr. STEVENS. I do know him as well as I
know anybody else.
Mr. ALLEY. Now, will you state from your
own personal knowledge—and of course that is
sufficient for me; and if you state differently I
will withdraw my statement—that the person
who made this bid is a gentleman of such pe-
cuniary responsibility as would warrant him in
entering into a contract involving an outlay of
$750,000?
Mr. STEVENS. I can promise the gentle-
man from Massachusetts that he is a man who
would not undertake what he is not able to carry
out; he is a man who was lately a senator in the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, and could obtain
any amount of security required.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. lie is responsible; I will
vouch for that.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. This man
varies in politics from me, but I desire to state
notwithstanding that fact that he could obtain se-
curity for $1,000,000 any day if he needed it, and
that he will carry out everything he undertakes
to do.
Mr. ALLEY. I will then take it for granted
that that is all so. Then what are the facts in
the case? These overland mail gentlemen agree
to take this contract for $8:20,000 a year. This
party from Pennsylvania agreed to take it for
$750,000 a year. He then notified the Depart-
ment that he could not take it, but subsequently
came forward and offered to take it at $750,000
a year.
Mr, STEVENS. I thought the gentleman said
the bid of the Oveiland Mail Company was
$880,000.
Mr. ALLEY. No, $820,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought it was a sub-con-
tractor who bid £320,000.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 refer to Mr. llalliday. He
is the chief man m the uoneei n, and he offeied to
take it for $tf;20,000. This Penn^ylvaniao, as I
have said, otloied to take it for $,750,000 for four
yeais. Now, as I have already stated, I believe
tliaf any man who gets the contract at $500,000
wll make a foi tune out of it.
Well, sir, the Government is now m a position,
in view of all these circumstances and in conse-
quence of the action of these parties, where it
may pass this resolution as amended by the Sen-
ate without doing any injustice to anybody and
without just complaint of dishonorable action
ftom any one in the shghtestdegree. The question
then atitfes, what is for the interest of the Gov-
ernment? Is it for tlie interest of the Govern-
ment to give <*.015,000 lor nine months, or $750,000
a year for four yuus for services, winch, m my
opinion, are not vvouh £500,000 ?
In tins connection,Mr. Speaker, I wish to read
a telegram from the postmaster of St. Joseph,
l\li;;souri, the eastern terminus of this overland
loute. This telegiam was sent for another and
eiituely dliferent purpose, and the party who re-
ceived it showed it to me for another and different
object, but it was so proper and pertinent in the
ease that 1 asked him to give me the original and
retain a copy for himself, so that when the ques-
tion came up I could, if it became necessary, read
it to the House for the purpose of showing how
mnch actual service was rendered for this sum of
money. We are only receiving £,75,000 net for
what for four yems we have been paying #1,000-
000. lJero is the telegram:
: Nj \v Yoiiiv, June 17, 1834.
|; C. C. Woor.u uutii :
jj Av<'i.i«c weight daily Ntten, one hundred and fifty
h pounds.; hanked, one huiuhed pounds punted, nine hun-
l{ died ami nity pounds?. Letter t v mail,
i JOHN L. mTTKNGER, Postmaster,
s About nine hundred and fifty pounds is dis-
j tiibuted 111 the Terutones, and all the other mail
j matter is about one hundred and fifty pounds per
| day. So that the carrying of one hundred and
| fifty pounds of mail matter daily to California
I and one thousand pounds to the intervening nomts
; cos's and has cost the Government for the last
four years §850,000 per annum.
1 say, sir, that the Ilou^e ought to adopt the
, resolution and refuse to agiee to the amendment
(i of the gentleman fiom X'enr.syvama, which, if
adopts d, g'ves tin.-, eontiaet to his eohntiun nt at
,$750,000 per annum for four years, to carry to
!; Cahtornia such a small amount of mail matter.
II What I have stated agrees with the statistics at
the Department and the information I have re-
ceived from all quarters.
I think, under the circumstances, I have said
enough to explain to the House the exact condi-
tion of things in reference to this matter. The
only question is whether you will give $615,000
for nine months or $750,000 a year for four years.
Such is the position of things that we cannot help
ourselv* s sooner. One thing or the other has to
be done. I say that it is better to give $615,000
for nine months than to give $750,000 each year
for four years.
Mr. McBRIDE. I understand that this con-
tract was advertised for in the month of August
last. After being advertised for several months,
the Postmaster General withdrew it with a view
to legislation by Congress. Subsequently a new
advertisement was issued and these bids were
offered under that advertisement. Now, after
that contract was offered to the lowesL bidder,
now nearly seven or eight months afterwards, it
appears, according to the gentlemen and others,
that this is an extraordinary compensation for
this service.
Mr.* ALLEY. I cannot yield any further.
These points have been all gone over and over
again, and 1 think they have been explained to
the satisfaction of the House. I think that fur-
ther discussion is unnecessary, and I therefore
demand the previous question.
Mr. McBRIDE moved that the whole subject
be laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oulered.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's amend-
ment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes35,
noes CO.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The amendments of the Senate were coneuired
in.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the Senate amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the labio.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. LE BLOND asked that leave of absence
be granted to his colleagues Messis. J. W.
White and McKinney.
There was no objection; and leave was granted
accordingly.
DISTKICT OF COLUMBIA GUARDIAN SOCIETY.
On motion of Mr. RICE, of Maine, the [louse
took from the Speaker's table the amendments of
the Senate to an act (H. R. No. 255) granting
certain privileges to the Guardian Society of the
District of Columbia; and they were concurred in.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate amendments were con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
QUARANTINE AND HEALTH LAWS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have re-
ceived a letter from the Secretary of the treasury
transmitting a draft of a bill for the more efficient
execution of the third section of the act respect-
ing quarantine and health laws. 1 ask unanimous
consent to introduce that bill.
There was no objection, and the bill was intro-
duced and read a iirst and second time. It au-
thorizes the Secretary of theTieusury to purchase
or erect suitable waiehouses and other conven-
iences for the storage of goods and merchandise
imported in any vessel, subject to quarantine or
other restraint pursuant to the heahn laws of the
city of New Yoik, at such convenient place or
places within or near the poitof New Yoi k as the
i safety of the public revenue and the observance of
! such health laws may require, and appropnates
i $20,000 for that putpose.
I The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid time; and being ongiossed, it wasaccoid-
ingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASf-IBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to teconsiderbe
laid on the tahle.
The latter motion was agreed to.
