1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL rCxLQBE.
mm
to oppose its being taken up in the morning hour.
The bill to which I have called attention is very
important to be acted on in the morning hour. If
he desires to have this matter merely referred, 1
have no objection to that.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding:
And that the committee report to the Senate ali the facts
in regard to the charges agamst said Yocum, and the pro-
ceedings in his tiial, and alt the facte in relation to such
pretended pardon.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the amendment as a
modification of the resolution, with thp consent of
the Senate.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the resolution as modified,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that thatin-
volves the examination into a judicial question
whether Yocum is confined, as I understand it,
in a penitentiary, after having: received the par-
don of the President. If he has been pardoned
by the President, let him sue out his writ of ha-
beas corpus and be discharged by the courts. The
Judiciary Committee is not the propcrcommittee
to investigate questions of this character, or rather
it is not a legislative question. If there is a per-
son illegally held in confinement in the peniten-
tiary at Albany who has been pardoned by the
President, it strikes me there is no difficulty in
his case. Why not bring his case before the
Eroper tribunal and have it decided and let him
e discharged? Suppose the Judicialy Commit-
tee should be of the opinion that he was improp-
erly confined after he had been pardoned, I do not
see what legislative action we could take. The
laws are sufficient to leach his case now; and if
some person in the State of New Yoik, the warden
of the penitentiary, is holding a party who is le-
gally entitled to liberty, I do not see what legis-
lation is to be based upon the fact.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot perceive what
this body or its committees have to do with such
a question. Whether this man is imprisoned or
not is a matter of fact entirely within the knowl-
edge of the Executive. Whether he has had an
executivepcudon isa matterof factcntiiely within
the knowledge of the Ex< cutivf. It seems to me
the inquiry should be of-the Executive whether
such a man is in prison, and whether he has had
a pardon. Let us know what the fact is about it.
I do not see how any legislation is called for in
relation to it any way. i think this mode of at-
tempting to ascertain how (he fact is is a wrong
one. The method should be the other one which
I have indicated. If the other should fail, if the
Senator could not get at the knowledge of the
facts which are desired in the proper manner, it
might lay the foundation for some legislation to
enable him to got at the facts.
Mr. DAVIS. I concur with the honorable Sen-
ator from Veimont that there is but one proper
mode of reaching this matter, and that mode has
already been resorted to without any avail. Be-
fore I offered the resolution which is now under
consideration, I presented to the Senate, and the
Senate passed, a resolution asking for informa-
tion from the President of the United States in
relation to Yocura's case, and that resolution has
never received any attention at all. I will now
state the facts of the case as I understand them
to be.
• Yocum was a citizen of Cairo, Illinois. He
received from some military officer, some subor-
dinate, something like a tiust, as I understand,
over what are called contrabands. There was a
resident of the State of Kentucky, a Union man,
that is as well vouched for as any Union man
could he, who had a slave that escaped and got
to Cairo, and reached the rendezvous of slaves of
which Yocum had the charge. Yocum himself
is a Union man, and is strictly loyal, and more
loyal than the President of the United States to
the Government. The owner of the slave had his
case prepared in conformity to the fugitive slave
law, and took his testimony to Yocum. Yocum
heard the case, and did not detain the slave, and
the owner of the slave took him across the river.
For this acquiesccnce in the act of the owner
Yocum was atraigned there before some military
court. He was oidc-red to report to Memphis or !
to Paducah,I do not recollect which. He did so
teportt His ease was not considered there, and
he returned to his residence. He was ordered so
to report again at Paducah or Memphis, but 1
think it was Pattucah. He did report, and no at-
tention was paid to him on his second trip to that
point. He then returned to Cairo, and some mil-
itary <^ftcer took cognizance of the case, and dis-
charged him. ^.fter he was discharged he was
taken into custody, and was brought to this city,
and confincd in the Old Capitol. While he was
therein prison four Representatives from the State
of Kentucky took testimonials of the loyalty of
Yocum, of the loyalty of the owner of the slave,
and evidence that that slave belonged to that
owner, to the President of the United States, and
the President granted to Yocum an unconditional
pardon, as one of the gentlemen, a Representa-
tive from Kentucky in the other House, informed
me. That gentleman took the pardon to ihe War
Office, and filed it with one of the principal offi-
cers of the Secretary of War, and the next day,
or the second day afterwards,.the Secretary of
War ordered him to be sent, as a /Won and a pris-
oner, to the city of Albany, to be confincd in the
penitentiary, and he is there retained.
I am informed upon authority to which I give
the fullest faith that these are the facts of the case.
If they are not, the authorities that have charge
of Yocum ought to be disabused. If they are
true, a more oppressive and outiageous case was
never brought to the attention of any authority.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would desire to see the
gentleman's former resolution to which he has
alluded
Mr. DAVIS. I shall have it read directly after
I make a remark or two further. Mr. President,
we are told that a man once traveling anywhere
upon the cnrtli and declaring himself to be a Roman
citizen was by that declaration protected against
all wrong. We have sometimes instituted a similar
boast in this country; but a condition of things
has been reached when to be an American citizen,
a loyal American citizen, free from crime, free
from offense or culpability of any character what-
ever, is no protection.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary says that wc ought to bring this
man's case before a judge upon a writ of habeas
corpus. What is the writ o f habeas corpus woith
now? Where is the judge that is authorized or
that has the liberty to peii'orm his duty upon the
writ of habeas corpus in this Government of ours?
The Chief Justice of the United States cannot do
it. Everybody is subordinated to and is enslaved
by a factitious and accidental military power.
The majesty of the Constitution andofthelawsand
of the great writ of liberty, the writ of habeas cor-
pus, is all stiickcn down before" a set of military
suboidinates that give no heed to it. I suppose
that if a judge in Albany oi anywhere else was to
ducct a wilt of habeas corpus to the keeper of the
penitentialy there to have the peison of this indi-
vidual brought before him, and was to take steps
to make the officer of his court execute it, he and
the officer of the couit would both be turned into
the military prison also, and kept thcie.
Mr. TRUAIliULL. I inquiic then of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky whatgood he supposes legis-
lation will do. The laws of the land authorize a
judge to issue a writ of habeas corpus, and I ap-
prehend that any judge applied to upon a proper
state of case would is .sue that writ. The existing
law, I know, provides'that in case the officer hav-
ing the party in custody makes a eertnin return,
the jud^e shall not further proceed, but the writ
is to be issued whenever applied foi, and I am not
aware thatjudges refuse to issue the wj it of habeas
corpus when a proper case is laid before them. At
any rate, I should like to have that tested; and if
they do refuse to do it when the law makes it
their duty, the Senatoi fiom Kentucky will ac-
complish iittle by having other laws passed.
Mr. DAVIS. Does not the honorable Senator
fiom Illinois know that JwlgT Leavitt, of the dis-
trict com t of the United States for the southern
distiict of Ohio, refused to issue a writ of habeas
corpus? But that is not the point I am getting
at. The point is this: I ask the Senator, and I
ask any lawyer, whether, if the facts as I have
related them are true, the Secretary of Wai has
not committed a high offui&c? If the uncondi-
tional pardon of this man by the President of the
United States was placed m the hands of the Sec-
retary, and he disiegarded it and sent the man off
to prison, he committed ahigh crime—not a mis-
demeanor, but a high crime, and it is a crime that
ought to be punished. , ^
i admit that the Senate h$,ve no impeaching
power, nor is it right that they should
the case. I have not prejudged this ens? myself.
I do not know tliat the facts areas I herve^rejat&d
them; but I believe them .to be so. If theya^e
so, they amount to a high .offense on the -part.Gf
the Secretary of War,and the impeaching- powgr
of this Government ought to institute -a proeejetf-
ing to have him brought to justice and made* an
example of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to postpone this
resolution and all prior orders for tiie purpose *of
taking up Senate bill No. 198. . :
The motion was agreed to.
RETURN OF REFUGEE INDIANS.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (S.No. 198)
to aid the Indian refugees to return to their "homes
in the Indian territory.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be read.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not necessary to read
the original bill. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs have reported a substitute for it. Let that
be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, that course will be pursued. TheCorn-
mittee on Indian Affairs report an amendment"to
strike out all of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause and insert what will be read.
\The Secretary read the words to be inserted,
as follows:
That there be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated. for the
removal and temporary relief of the rcfugeeand destitute In-
dians in the southern perm tendency, namely: for expenses
oftranspoitation and subsistence by the way to ihe Indian
territory, $.V3,000; for temporary subsistence in ihelndiau
country of refugee and destitute Indians to the close of the
present fiscal your, $153,000; for seed--, plows, and ne-
cessary agrieultuial implements to enable them to raise a
crop the present season, $18,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps it is due to the
Senate that I should occupy their attention for
about five minutes by way of explaining this bill
and its necessity. About two years since, as a
consequence of the war in which we are engaged,
the Indian territory was also in what may be
denominated a civii war. The Choctaws, the
Chickasaws, a small portion of the Seminoles,
about one half the Creeks, and one fourth, per-
haps, of the Cherokecs, were induced to unite
their fortunes and become allies with the rebels.
In the military operations which followed, the
loyal Creeks, the loyal Cherokees, the loyal Sem-
inoles, and the loyal Chickasaws were driven out
in the winter from their homes, in the midst of
great suffering and destitution, into the State of
Kansas, and they took refuge theft, where since
that time they have been living, supported by the
Government out of those annuities which belong
to all the Indian tribes in the Indian territory.
Those annuities have enabled the Government to
provide for these refugees in Kansas and the
Cherokee country up to about the 1st of April of
the present year.
In consequence of our military successes in that
section of the country, it is believed both by the
War Department and the Intcuor Depaitment
that we may safely attempt to send these refu-
gees back to their homes in their own country;
and in order to do so, and. that they can raise a
crop the present season, it is necessary that this
should be immediately undertaken. The whole
number of lefugee Indians in Kansas is eight
thousand and thirty-one. There aie in the Cheio-
kce country refugees also driven from their homes
to the number of seven thousand five hundred.
It is also estimated that theie has been an in-
crease, since the actual official enumeration, ofone
thousand five hundred more, making in all about
seventeen thousand Indians. It was estimated by
the Department that if these refugees were to be
lemoved and to remain upon our hands for one
hundred and eighty-three days the whole expense
of their lemoval and their support would amount
to the sum of $473,000. The committee have de-
termined to recommend theappiopriationofabout
one half that sum, believing that while we have
reported what is necessary for their removal and
subsistence on the way and have reported what
is asked for by the Department in furnishing them
supplies, plows, and the necessary agricultural
