1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24 M
and they are hereby, authorized and empowered to levy a
special tax not exceeding one quarter of one percent, for
the purpose aforesaid.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means proposes by the amend-
ment reported to the Senate amendment to in-
crease the pay of the metropolitan police fifty per
cent., and to impose the payment of that additional
amounton the corporations of Washington coun-
ty, Washington city, and Georgetown city. The
policy of increasing this pay twenty per cent, as
proposed by the Senate, or fifty per cent, as pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means, is
the main question involved here. Probably some
member of the Committee of Ways and Means
can give the House a good reason for the propo-
sition.
Mr, MORRIS, of Ohio. The present pay of
the metropolitan police is forty dollars per month;
and the appropriation of $110,000 is only to pay
them at that rate. The increase of fifty per cent,
will fix their pay at sixty dollars per month.
Every gentleman here knows that even sixty dol-
lars a month is too small a compensation for these
men. I would be in favorof increasing their pres-
ent pay one hundred per cent.—the increase to
be levied onfcthe citizens.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman inform
the House as to the number of persons employed
in the metropolitan force?
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I cannot say exactly.
Their annual compensation is only $480, while
we are paying the Capitol police from eleven to
twelve hundred dollars a year. Certainly the in-
crease recommended is not unreasonable.
Mr. HOLMAN. The argument which the
gentleman from Iowa suggests is the usual ar-
gument urged in increasing salaries. By some
means or other through political partiality the
salary of some officer is raised, and that is made
the ground of argument of raising the salaries" of
other officers; because, unfortunately and im-
properly, the salaries of one set of policemen
were raised from $600 to $1,320 it seems to me is
no argument forincreasing the salary of all police-
men in the District, especially while so large a
'portion of our people, and certainly the most meri-
torious part, are employed at a compensation of
only thirteen dollars per month, and, taking into
consideration the rations they receive, not more
than twenty dollars per month. And now that
it has been increased to sixteen dollarspermonth,
with the rations, makes only twenty-four dollars
per month. While the Government is struggling
for its life it seems to me that gentlemen ought
not to insist on this increase of compensation to
these policemen. You have increased the pay of
your soldiers from thirteen dollars to sixteen dol-
lars per month, and here the House proposes to
increase the pay of these men, who perform not
military but merely police services, fifty per cent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from Indiana certainly well knows
that the members of the metropolitan police live
in Washington, and probably most of them are
renters; and he knows from,,what he pays for his
room or suite of rooms that the police officers
who get but forty dollars a month, out of which
they have to pay house-rent and buy provisions
at a rate at which butter at sixty cents a pound
is an example, cannot support their fumilies on
any such pay. If I could have my way I would
make the increase one hundred percent, and pro-
vide that the additional salary should he paid by
the cities of Washington and Georgetown and ad-
joining county. We know that there is no city
m the United .States where the citizens pay so lit-
tle taxes as do the people of Washington.
1 understand when the Senate struck out the
original appropriation of $110,000 which passed
this House and inserted $62,000 in place of it, it
*was with the understanding and expectation that
a like sum was to be raised by the people of these
cities and county for that purpose. The propo-
sition now is to retain the original appropriation
of $110,000 and to require $55,000 additional to be
raised by these cities and county.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any good reason
why the entire expenses should not be borne by
the people here?
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer the question ? This increase was
to be added at the expense of the citizens of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown, they agree-
ing and desiring that it should be done. The
Government does not pay one dollar of the pro-
posed increase.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to submit an amend-
ment to the amendment now pending. I move
to amend by striking out the appropriation for
the metropolitan polite, leaving their compensa-
tion to be paid by the cities of Washington and
Georgetown and the county of Washington.
Mr. MORRIS, ofOhio. In reply to the question
asked me by the gentleman from Indiana, why
any portion of this sum should be pai^by the
Government, I .will say that the Government
owns nearly one half of the real estate of the city
of Washington—the proportion being that of
$30,000,000 to $34,000,000—and it seems to me
that they should bear their proportion of the ex-
penses of the city, and especially when Congress
has under the Constitution the exclusive legisla-
tion for the District. The gentleman will remem-
ber too that this police was, in the first instance,
provided for by Congress at the expense of the
Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. The suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, with the fact that this subject
has already been before the House, leads me to
decline to submit any proposition with a hop<! of
its being adopted. I will modify my amendment
by striking outi( fifty" and inserting <( twenty/'
I am opposed to any increase of these salaries.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Docs the gen-
tleman from Indian* think that the police of this
city are necessary?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. They cannot
actually go on, they cannot live, unless they are
paid more than they are now paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, we heard a
great deal of virtuous indignation at an early day
of the session in reference to the increase of sala-
ries. It was stated again and again, by gentle-
men on this and the other side of the House, that
during the existing vast pressure upon the finances
of the country there should be no increase of sal-
aries. The compensation of the soldiers was not
increased, upon the score of economy, until we
passed a bill providing for a severe* taxation of
the country. Then as soon as that measure was
adopted 
Mr. BEAMAN. I presume that the gentle-
man from Indiana will at least offer an amend-
ment to give those policemen rations. There can,
1 think, be no objection to that, because the sol-
dier gets his rations.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would the police consent to
receive the same rations as soldiers? I do riot
think that they would be willing to receive the
same pay and rations. They do not incur the
hardships and perils incident to the field; still if
they are willing to receive sixteen dollars a month
and the rations of our soldiers Idonotlcnow that
I will object to it. The soldiers of our Army
possess the same capacity for public affairs as
the police or any men in any other department of
the public service, and yet, in this great struggle,
we are constantly making this discrimination
against the stalwart men who are defending our
public liberty. Are not their services and danger
entitled to as much compensation?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. 1 ask the gen-
tleman this question. Because xgp cheat and plun-
der our soldiers, is that any reason why we should
not pay a fair compensation to other persons?
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not indulging in any
such argument. The argument the gentleman
offers is like that of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Morris,] that because we pay certain po-
liceman $1,300 a year, therefore we must increase
the pay of these policemen from forty dollars a
mouth to sixty dollars. This comparative reason-
ing is always fallacious. I say we ought not to
increase any salaries at the present time. The
condition of the country will not admit of it.
That such is the impression on the mind of the
House appears by the paltry increase of the pay
of the rank and file of our Army.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. This increase of fifty
per cent, is asked for by the people of the cities of
Washington and Georgetown and of the county
of Washington. They propose to tax themselves
to pay the increase.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the Senate amend-
ment do that very thing?
Mr. MORRIS, of. Ohio." One bund red and ten
thousand dollars was the original sum reported by
the Committee of Ways and Means, but the Sen-
ate struck it out. It 'is the, sum whicb has been
heretofore appropriated. The amendment .pro-
poses to allow Washington* and Georgetown to
increase the pay fifty per cent. They ask to pay
it themselves, and f do not see how there*can U&
any objection to so reasonable a proposition..
The people are willing to tax themselves to pay
these policemen fifty per cent, more than tney
now get, because they know that they cannot live
on their present compensation, that they cannot
keep their families and pay their rests. ;
Mr. HOLMAN. I modify my amendment so
as "to strike outall that relates to the fifty per cent,
increase.
Mr. Holman's amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
The amendment of the Committee of Ways and
Means was agreed to; and the Senate amendment,
as amended, was concurred in.
Ninety-first amendment:
Insertaftertlic word " buildings," in the deficiency ofap-
propriation lor Capitol police, the words " to b« paid only
to loyal men."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurredin.
Ninety-second amendment:
fnsert the following:
For salary of warden of jail in the District of Colum-
bia, $1,600.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Th*e amendment was concurred in.
Ninety-third amendment:
Insert the following:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the office of the
Treasurer of the United States be reorganized, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to author-
ize the employment of theofficersand cletks,and With the
annual salaries hereinafter specified, viz:
One Assistant Treasurer, with a salary of $2,800.
One cashier, with a salary of §2,800; oneassistant cash-
ier, with a salary of $2,5Q0; one chief of the division of
issues, with asalaryof$2,200; one chief of the division of
redemption, with a balary of $2,200; one chief of the di-
vision of loans, with a salary of $2,2Qf) ; one chief of the"
division of accounts, with a salary of $2,200 ; one chief of
the division of national banks, with a salary of $2,200; two
piincipal book-keep#rs, each with a salary of $2,200 ; two
tellers, each with a salary of $2,200; two assistant tell-
ers, each with a salary of $2,000; one chief clerk, with a
salary of $2,000; fifteen clerks of class four, fifteen of
class three, eleven of class two, nine of class one, one mes-
senger in charge of mails, with a salary of $1,000; nine
messengers, with a salary of $900 each ; five messengers,
with a salary of $700 each ; sixty female elerks, with a sal-
aj y of $600 each; five laborers, witli a salary of $600 each ;
and seven female laborers, at a salary of $240 each. And
the officers, clerks, and employes hereby authorized shall
be in lieu of all the force now employed in the said office.
And the amount necessary to pay the salaries of said offi-
cers, clerks, and employes, in addition to the amount here-
tofore provided for the present fiscal year, Is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be observed that no
definite amount is appropriated by this section,
and there is no estimate for it. It is only one of
those instances in which a radical change is made
not only in the number of public officers but jn
their compensation, and for which no Department
can be held responsible in consequence of there
being no open recommendation of the change and
no estimate at all for the appropriation of the pub-
lic money resulting from the change. I under-
stand that all these different offices named here
were offices unknown at the time the annual esti-
mates were sent to Congress. The people of this
country can never know anything of the extent
of their expenditures if they look only to appro-
priations, for the simple reason that large appro-
priations are made independent of the estimates,
and at the same time you hold no Department re-
sponsible for the expenditure. You have esti-
mates laid upon the table, and you inform the
country that they are the real estimate of expend-
itures; butbefore the proper bill is finally passed,
item after item, appropriating hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars, are added, for which Congress
alone is responsible,and Congress ordinarily gives
the matter but little consideration.
I should like to have the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means give the House to
understand to what extent there is an increase in
this clerical force, and of these heads of divisions,
and the various employes enumerated in this
