840B
THE CONG-E1SBION" 1L GLOBE.
June 30.
the better execution of the third-section thereof-,
in which it requested the concurience of the Senate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr, COWAN. I now move to take upHouse
bill No. 117, to reimburse the State of Pennsyl*
vania for expenses in calling out the militia of
said State during the recent invasion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is al-
ready before the Senate. The pending question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Jersey
to amend the bill by striking out the following
proviso:
Provftfe^Thattheexpemesof none of the militia, of any
State shall be paid under tin-* act who lefined to be mus-
tered into the feuivice of the Umt"d States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that the
doors be cloyed for the purpose of having a short
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business
the doors were icopencd.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and jomt resolution of ihe Senate:
A bill (No. 24)2) to establish Poitland, in ttie
State of Oregon, and Leavenworth, in the State of
.Kansas, pores of <h livery;
A bill (No. 261) for the disposal of coal lands
and of town propeify in the public domain; and
A joint resolution (No. 38) explanatory of the
tenth section of an act to reduce the expenses of
the survey and sale of the public lands in the
United States, apnroved the 30th day of May,
1869.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had passed the following House
bills; in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (No. 504) for the relief of Eliza Cass
Wood bridge;
A bill (No. 565) granting- a pension to Rachel
Mills, widow of Peter Mills, deceased, late a ma-
jor in the United States Army; and
A bill (No. 566) for the relief of Francis Pat-
terson.* '
The message further announced that the House
of Repiesentatives had passed the following- bills
of the Senate, with an amendment to each; in
which it requested the concurrence oftheSenate:
A bill (No. 233) making an additional grant of
lands to the State of Kansas to aid m the con-
struction oftaiiroad and telegraph lines; and
A bill (No. 31)2) to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication between the eastern and
western continents.
The message fin ther announced that Mr. Pen-
dleton had been appointed a member of the com-
mittee of conference, on the bill (11, R. No. 207) ;
making appi opriatioins for the cons h net ion, pies-
ervation, and repairs ofecitain foi tifiealions and
other woiks of defense for the year ending June
30, m the place of Mr. Stevens, who de-
clined to serve.
The message also leqnested the Senate to re-
turn to the llouse of Representatives the bill of
the Senate (No. 151)  elating to enlistments, and
for other pm poxes, with the amendments of the
House theieto, for the purpose of coriecling a
clei ical en-or m the engrossment of the amend-
ments.
amkndmknt of conscription law.
The message further announced that theCleik
of the House wn* directed to return to the Senate
the bill of the Mouse (No. 51!)) further to regu-
late and provide for the enrolling and calling out
the muional fotc< s, and for other purposes, with
Uip amendments of the Senate theieto; and to
communicate to the Senate, a lesolution of the
House of Representatives in the follow ing \vord&:
Resolve-!. Tout the amendment of the Heiuue (-ection
No. JO) added by tie* ^,'iiat'! to Iion-o hill No. m the
opinion of ibis Uoum; contravene;-. the lii*>t < lau^-e <>t the
seventh -'ci'tiH,! (>! me tni-tarncleof iheConstnution of Hie
Ullit'<i Hoitr-, and i- ,in iih i uil'< l.it lit, wf the pi *.v dej-'t:^ of
tiiii lL,u«< , .iiid t he -a«d ;>;il with the am 'lathienw he
re-, p.' [fiillv , (>un ise<l to ihe >;e},<ite Willi a aie^t.ige coimnu-
liicata.^ tlu-. kj- « 1;:; >m. .
'i he rj,,iiat'- pi .ee.-.it d io '•i)n;jid( r the message
of the Ilou^e of Representatives r-lurnnig the bill
(H. It. No. 5-19) fuither to regulate and provide
for the en rolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other" purposes, with the action of the
House on the amendments oftheSenate thereto.
Mr. frRlMES. I move to reconsider the vote
on ihe passage of the bill, with a view of striking
out the clause which is objectionable to the House
of Representatives.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now move to reconsider the
vote ordering the amendment to be engrossed and
tiie bill read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose it will be necessary
also to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole wascon-
cuired in in the Senate, and 1 make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question nosv is on concurring
in the amendment made in Committee of the
Whole, and that is open to amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment by sinking out the following section:
Jhid be it furthar cnuetc<U That for the purpose of pay-
ing the bounties and of entorcmg the (haft provided tor jn
thus net thoie be levied and collected, in addition to tho
duties nnpotcd by law, u ^pecal duly nf five per eent. on
all income,-* exceeding s6U0, acctuin^ during tho \ oar 186 1,
wlueh duty shall he a-M:^ed and collected m the mode
and aieoidnn to the provi ions-, penalties and re^tuctionh
piovtded in the act approved , t ntitled u An actio
pio\idi' internal tevenue to Mippoit the Government, to
pay mteic-a on the public debt, and foi oilier pmpo-cfs
.iiid ilurf duty--halt be pa\ab!e «">it the 1st day ol October
next, and the Senetaiy ol tlie Tiea-ury is autlio-ized to
pu^eiihe such lilies and ovulation- a«< to ihe time ;md
mode ol u^se.-.-ment us will secure the-eoileetion of tins
special tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in
and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill read a
third time. It was read the third time, and
passed.
LAND GRANT TO KANSAS RAILROADS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to take up the
hill (S. No. 233) making an additional giant of
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the construc-
tion of raiboad and telegraph lines, which has
just (teen returned fiom the llouso of Represent-
atives with an amendment, with a view of con-
curring in tiie amendment. It will take but a
moment.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives, winch was to add tin; following pro-
viso to the first section of the bill:
Pi vvuled, That said tadroad f-hal! be a public bi::hu'av,and
shall transmit tu>op> anil munition,-* oi war ol the United
Static ftci oieiuu:;e.
Mr. POMEROY. I doubt very much thopio-
pnety of that amendment. I know that such a
proviso used to be inserted in the land grant bills
making land grant roads, but we have constantly
been paying those loads jiistthe same as though
that clause were not in the bills. The Illinois
Central laihoad had a land giant.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Chair
must aires* the consideration of this hill. The
doors wei e reopened tempo rani y to receive a mes-
sage from the House of Representatives, and by
common consent this was taken up with the un-
derstanding that it would lead to no debate at the !
time. The Senate aie m executive session, the
doors having been opened only by unanimous
consent to ieeei\e a message.
Mr. POMEROY. Will not this be the unfin-
ished buMiief4s of the. legislative session?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will not.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will let the bill go
through lather than object to it.
Mr. SUMNER, i'should like to have the
amendment read again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be hud aside and the doors closed according tu the
order of the Senate in executive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate resumed the consideration of ex-
ecutive business; and after some time spent there-
in the doois were reopened.
BELL KETUilXnD TO 'XlUi HOUbK,
The Senate preceded to consider the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives leqnesting
I the return of the bill (S. No. 151) relating to en-
! hstments,and for other purposes, with the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives thereto;
and it was
Resolved. That the Secretary return tho said bill and
amendments to the House of Representatives agreeably to
its lequest.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, the accounts
of George A. Cutler, E. H. Caruth, Isaac Col-
man, G. C.Snow, and B. P. Elder, Indian agents
under the southern superintendence having in
charge the refugee Indians for the first quarter of
1864; which was read, and ordered to lie on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a leport of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 17th of May, a copy of the
record in the case of Commodore Wilkes's iccent
trial before a naval general court-martial; which
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
Mr. Hale that the report be printed was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 17th of May, a copy of the
proceedings and findings of the naval court of in-
quiry in the ease of Commodore Charles Wilkes;
which was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion by Mr. Hale that the report be printed was
refeired to the Committee on Printing.
LAND GRANT TO KANSAS RAILROADS.
Mr. TEN EYOK. 1 move to take up Senate
bill No. 303, just returned from the House of
Representatives with an amendment, for the pur-
pose ofconcurringin theamendmentofthe House.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope not. When
the doors were closed I had a similar motion un-
der consideration to dispose of the amendment of
the House of Representatives to Senate bill No.
233, and I hope that may be disposed of first.
Mr. TEN EYCK. This will not take a second.
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas. Neither will the other.
-The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The bill taken up on the motion of
the Senator from Kansas which was unfinished
at the time the Senate resumed its executive ses-
sion will be first in order; and the question is on
agreeing to the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to add at the end of the first section
of the bill the following proviso:
Pioi'uh'd, That .-aid isuhoad ^bali be a public highway,
and shall n,ni?poittioops and munitions of war of the Uni-
ted State-, fieeot cliaige.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make just one
remark upon that amendment. It is anew pro-
vision that never was in any land grant before.
We have heretofore made raiboads public high-
ways for the Government to transport troops over
fiee of charge, but the construction has been that
iho Government should furnish its own locomo-
tive and its own cars. There is not a railroad in
the woild that would ever agree to carry them
free of expense and furnish us own locomotive,
its own euis, and its own fuel. In all the other
laud grant bills it has been provided that the
Government might use the roads, but the Govern-
ment must furnish its own lolling stock.
The Mouse of Representatives have inserted a
proviso m this bill that we shall curry troops and
munitions of war free of any expense to the Gov-
ernment. It is a new provision which ought not
to be in the bill. It never was in any other bill
that 1 had anything to do with, and ought not to
be in this. 1 have no objection to making the
road a public highway, and if the Government
wishes to put on locomotives, and cars, and roll-
ing stock, and engmeeis to carry its troops, it
may do so; but we do not.propose to build roads
for the Government and furnish all the rolling
stock and everything else, and then carry troops
and munitions of war for nothing. It never was le-
quirod of any other railroad company that 1 know
of, and ought not to be requn ed of this company.
The amendment was concurred in.
HOUSE RILLS REFERRED.
The fjllowr'g bills ftom the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally rtad twice by their ti-
tles, and lefenud as indicated below:
A bill (No. 564) for the relief of Eliza Cass
Woodbridge—to the Committee on Pensions.
