m56
mm compressional gloeb.
April 7,
implements with which to commence raising their
crops, it id not necessary that the Grove.rnmnnt
should provide for their subsistence beyond a
period of ninety days. We believe that they can
return to the territory in the course of those
ninety da'ys and can begin to raise something for
their own support. The estimnte made by the
Departments to the expense of supporting them
18 at the low sum of ten cents per day per head.
The; committee look upon it as a very reasona-
ble estimate, and recommend that the bill should
pass in its present shape as proposed to be amended
ty the committee. I hope therefore that the amend-
ment will be adopted and that we shall have the
immediate action of the Senate upon the bill.
I will say to the Senate that from all I have
heard and read, the sufferingsof these refugee In-
dians in Kansas for their loyalty to the United
States are beyond anything I have read of any
people in connection with the present war. They
"W^re driven out of their territory arfd compelled
to flee to Kansas in the winter, in the midst of
snow, destitute of covering, and many of them
perished from want. I am told by the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs that in conscquence of the
limbs that were frozen during that terrible flight
three hundred amputations had to be performed
by surgeons upon these suffering refugee Indians.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, the Chair will call up
the order of the day, being the joint resolution
proposing amendments to the Constitution, which
is now before the Senate.
Mr. DOGLITTLE. I move that it be inform-
ally laid aside by unanimous consent to enable us
to take a vote on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be adopted, unless there be objection. The
Chair hears none. The question is on the adop-
tion of the amendment reported by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill "was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENTS TO TUB CONSTITUTION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint res-
olution (S. No. 16) proposing amendments to the
Constitution of the United States is now before
the Senate, and the question is on concurring, in
the Senate, with the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, as I said
to the Senate yesterday evening, I do not intend
to occupy the attention of the body but forafew
moments; and I would not have been induced to
say one word of a political character except for
the suggestions made by the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] in his speech yesterday
afternoon. He took occasion,in arguing thesub-
ject before the Senate, to make a very grave charge
against the Administration ofMr. Buchanan, and
to say that during that Administration the war
commenced, or at least eleven States were lost to
the Union. Sir, 1 am no extravagant admirer of
Mr. Buchanan. I think lie departed from the
principles upon which he was elected President
of the United States; and that departure brought
great loss upon the Democratic party, and per-
haps some evil upon the country; but I am not
willing m the Senate to hear so grave a charge
made against him and make no reply, when I
think the charge cannot bo well maintained.
In the first place, the Senator was mistaken as
to the number of States that seceded during the
Administration of Mr. Buchanan, During the
last few months of that Administration seven
States seceded; the States of South Carolina,
Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, Louis-
iana, and Texas. After the incoming of the pres-
ent Administration four more States seceded, to
wit: Virginia, Tennessee, Arkansas, and North
Carolina. There is a very serious mistake made
by the Senator upon the question of fact.
'But, although not making the charge directly,
he allowed it to be inferred from what he said that
the Administration of Mr. Buchanan was respons-
ible to a very considerable extent for the com-
meneomeut of hostilities. I do not agree with
the Senator. What had the Administration of
Mr. Buchanan to do with the commencement of
hostilities? Mr. Holt and Mr. Stanton were both
members of his Cabinet during the last months
of that Administration, and one of them is now
a member of the present Cabinet and the other
holds a high office, and both are regarded as very
Fotential in the present Administration. But, sir,
claim for the Democratic party that it did all
that it could do to avoid the commencefhent of
thesehostilities. I shall not go ftver that subject
in detail, for it is well understood by-the Senate,
cxcept to call the attention of the Senator from
New Hampshire to the fact that during the ses-
sion of Congress immediately preceding the com-
mencement of the present Administration, the
Democrats in this body and in the other House
did all in their power to adjust the differences be-
tween the North and the South, and to avoid the
calamitous war that has come upon the country.
Can the Senator from New Hampshire say so
much for his party?
It was stated by Senator Douglas in the presence
of the Senator, that if the Republican party of this
body, and of the other branch of Congress, would
do as much as the Democrats would do in the way
of adjustment and compromise, there need be no
trouble—the conflict of the sections might be
avoided; and the Senator did not deny the allega-
tion of that distinguished Senator. It stands as a
statement thenundisputed in this body, that if the
Republican portion of the Senate and of the
House of Representatives had been willing to do
as much as the Democrats would do, we could
have adjusted the questions in dispute between the
two sections, and have avoided this calamitous
war. When the proposition of adjustment and
compromise came to a vote in this body, I believe
every Democrat then occupying a seat here voted
for it, while every gentleman in this body belong-
ing to the other party voted again'st it. The same
is substantially true of the history of that propo-
sition in the other branch of Congress.
Then, sir, I think the Senator cannot well say
that Mr. Buchanan's Administration or the Dem-
ocratic party, at.that time, were responsible for
the failure of the effoits to adjust the questions
in dispute between the two sections. I will not say
that the South had cause for the course they pur-
sued . Secession had not justification in the fact that
a northern party succeeded and that a sectional
President had been elected. But will the Senator
deny that if a sectional party had not succeeded,
and a sectional President had not been elected,
this trouble would not have come upon the coun-
try? While I do not justify the course that has
been pursued by the South, but utterly condemn
and repudiate it, I say that if a sectional policy
had nor been pursued on the part of the North,
encouraged and participated in on the part of the
leaders in the South, we need not have had the
present troubles, which are so calamitous to the
country.
The Senator also said that the Democrats were
indulging the delusion that if their party could
succeed they might bring peace and prosperity
again to the country. Sir, 1 do indulge such a
hope, and I think it is not adelusion. itisahope
bafsed upon the experience of the past. Iam not
ashamed of that party. I believe the Senator him-
self once did honorto that party by advocating its
principles and fighting for its organization. I may
be mistaken, but ! think that was the case. I am
not ashamed of the history of that party. It
fought for the Constitution and the docilities of
the fathers. It resisted sectional organizations
and the triumph of sectional sentiments, and while
that Demociutic party was in power in this coun-
try we had no scctional troubles that could not
easily and speedily be adjusted.
The Senator referred to the few Democratic
Senators in this body, and said that when they
spoke it was 44 like the voice of one crying in the
wilderness." 1 thank the Senator for the illus-
tration. That voice was the voice of John the
Baptist. His voice was to prepare the way of the
Lord in the wilderness, and to make straight a
highway in the desert. If it should be the for-
tune of the few Democrats who are in this body
and of the Democrats in the country to prepare a
highway in which the people may again walk in
prosperity and union and in harmony, I shall re-
joice in such a result.
The Senator also referred to the taking off the
head of Charles I, and he said that the Demo-
crats might as well good-naturedly place their
heads under the ax and let them fall. The Sen-
ator did not do well to depart from his first figure.
He ought to have stood by his first illustration.
John the Baptist, who raised his voice in the wil-
derness, lost his head, and why did not the Sen-
ator adhere to that illustration? Why was he
beheaded? Because John the Baptist denounced
incest in the palace of the king. "Why shall Dem-
ocrats lose their heads? Because they denounce
the evils of the times? Because they denounce
the corruption that is found in high places? Be-
cause they denounce the departures from the Con-
stitution and the teachings of the fathers? Ofwhat
sin has the Democratic party been guilty that it
should lose its head ? Has it not stood by the
Constitution? Has it not appealed to the people
to stand by the teachings of the fathers? Was it
not fought for the institutions of our country as
they are based upon the Constitution, the basis
that our fathers established for them? Why, then,
should we lose our heads? Ay, if it is to grat-
ify a king upon the petition of a dancing girl in
his presence, let the head be taken if we have done
sin; but if we have but fought forthe right, if we
have but contended for the doctrines which have
brought such prosperity and greatness to our
country, I think we shall not lose our heads.
The gentleman ridiculed and jeered at the pos-
sibility of a Democratic triumph in the future. I
am not going to discuss the possibility or impos-
sibility of such a result. I pray for it. The con-
dition of the country'cannot be worse than it is
now. If the Demociats succeed in securing an
election, they can but fail in their efforts to re-
store the Union upon the basis of the Constitu-
tion. We can try, and it is certain thatany change
is better than the present condition of affairs.
Liberty cannot be less secure, our institutions
cannot be less permanent under some other Ad-
ministration than under the present.
The Senator, I thought rather unguardedly, said
that this was the day he had long desired, the
day he had long prayed for. I have heard that
sentiment from pulpits,and seen itinthe columns
of fanatical newspapers, but I had not before heard
it in the Senate of the United States, a body in
which men are expected to express well-matured
and considered opinions. What does the Senator
find in the present condition of his country at
which he should rejoice ? Is it in the fact that we
are engaged in a war upon the most stupendous
scale that the eye of man has ever witnessed?
Is it the fact that we have called into the field
above two million men from the North,andthat,
in proportion to their population, a larger force
has been called into the field in the South? Is
it in the fact that one tenth of the people of the
North have been called from the pursuits of in-
dustry to the pursuits of war, from the business
of producing to the business of consuming and
destroying ? Is it in the fact that instead of pro-
ducing and adding to the wealth of the country
we are consuming and destroying it? Is it in the
fact that of these two million two hundred thou-
sand men that have been called into the field from
the North during the past three years more per-
haps than two hundred and fifty thousand of them
occupy the green graves along the border? Is it
m the fact that in two hundred and fifty thousand
homes there is mourning and sadness instead of
joy and rejoicing? Is it in the fact that instead of the
mothers and wives of the land being happy and
rejoicing they are clothed in the weeds of mourn-
ing? Is it in the fact that we see upon every side
of us our returned brothers and friends, one with
an arm gone, another with another limb gone,
health destroyed, and happiness departed from
them? Are these the sources of gratification to
the Senator and the party he represents? Is it in
the fact that during the past three years and the
year that is to come we have imposed upon the
people of the United States adebt of $4,000,000,-
000? The Secretary's report will not show so
much, but I think it is known to Senators that
when this war is closed, if it be closed within the
coming year, our national debt must be nearly
$4,000,000,000. What is the proportion of that
debt to the property of the country ? I turned
my eye this morning to the fact as stated in the
late census:
"The marshals of the United States were directed to ob-
tain from the records of the States and Temtories respect-
ively, an account of the value of real and person.il estate ai
d for taxation. Instruction* were £tveu lliesse officers
to add the proper amount to the assessment, so that the re- 
turn should represent as well the true or intrinsic value a£
the inadequate sum generally attached to probity £>r tax*
