410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
is certainly a factof present existence, and us re-
sponsibilities are upon us and not to be ignored
nor escaped- So long as armies are in the field,
watching and waiting to destroy or conquer each
other, the armies that belong to us must be fed
and clothed and supplied with the comforts and
rewards which their valor, their patriotism, thru-
labors, and privations demand, and with all the
material power to give to war its due operation
and effect, and to our arms victory. The soldiers
of the Union are our soldiers, our Army; our
brothers, kindred, and friends. They have been
called and gone forth—some freely, as patiiots
should ever go fifrth; some by force; some tempted
by gain—to fight in ourcause. They have fought
bravely and well on many a bloody field, and
myriads of nameless graves and mourning^onsc-
holds, and tens of thousands of maimed and shut-
tered wrecks of youthful manhood all over the
land, tell too truly how well and bravely our sol-
diers have fought. Let us stand by them and do
our duty to them, and all who are dependent upon
them, as we expect our soldiers to do^heir duty
to us. If it be necessary, as it may be, to break
the military power of the States in arms against
us, let it be broken speedily and effectually, not
by paper proclamations and paper confiscations
and bureaus of freedmen's affairs, but by battles,
sieges, strategy, and all the highest skill and power
of war on land and sea.
But, sir, there is a power which, in the experi-
ence of history, ever has and ever will prove more
potent than armies and navies to quiet discontent,
to restore order, to establish law, and to give to
a Government its strongest and best foundation
in the love of its people—that is, the power of right;
and by right Imean not alone justice, butcquity,
chanty, mercy, kindness—all those noble attri-
butes of humanity which unite men in the bonds
of mutual respect and affection.
Sir, have wo no faith in God, no faith in the
divine religion of Christianity, no faith in the
kind charities whose golden threads interlace, like
nervous fibers, even the most rugged human na-
tures, if you will but feel for them with a tender
hand, that we, as legislators, should declare, as a
majority of this House have declared, upivn the
resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith,] that
" The only hope of saving tins country is by (he power
of the swoid, and that wo oppose any aimibUeo or inter-
vention or mediation or proposition for pcaee fiom any
quarter, so long as there shall be found a rebel in aim's
against tlie Government?"
Is that, sir, the spirit in which this Union was
formed and waxed great in power and glory un-
der the benign influence of peace? Is that the
spirit by which the Union is to be restored and
preserved? Far from it. In sober-reason I ask,
sir, shall the foolhardiness or wickedness of one
rebel in arms be enough to silence the myriad
voices pleading for peace, and continue upon this
nation the curse of disunion and civil war? I
trust it is not so. Will the wotld scorn us, will
history rcproach us, will wise and good men
doubt our wisdom or our manhood, if, while we
maintain our armies, as we should, to defend our
States and our supreme law from tiie power of
the armies of rebellion, we also use, all the while,
in every way, by arguments, by appeals, by for-
bearance, by honorable concessions, if need be,
the power and influence of peace to biing back,
as willing freemen, not as reluctant slaves, to the
common shelter and fold, the wanderers from our
father's house of Federal Union ?
Sir, while I love the Union and the Constitu-
tion, and repudiate secession and denounce it as
a suicidal folly, and its acts as an enormous pub-
lic crime, and while I long for the overthrow of
rebellion and infidelity to the Constitution of my
country, I will also say, regardless of the motives
that may be imputed to me, that I indulge no
malice nor hate to any man, woman, or child in
the States in rebellion, and far rather would I win
them to our cause by words of peace than to de-
stroy or subdue them by the power of war.
Sir, let this Administration give some heed and
deference to the opinions and arguments of the
multitudes of faithful Union men in all the Union
States, and even in rebellions States, who differ
with its policy, and rise above and abandon the
extreme dogmas and policy of p.u ty, and iepudi-
ate emancipation and confiscation and expatriation
or extermination by Federal power, and try with
earnestness and in good faith, in any form or m j
any way—I care not what, so long as it neither j
demades nor dishonois us, not those wc would
win back to us—the power ot a tender of the Union
under the Constitution as it is, with full amnesty
and pardon for the past, to the rulers and people
in rebellion; and if wc do not gain our cause by
the offer, we at least do not weaken it nor strengthen
that of the enemy by such effort to deal with them
in the spirit and by the methods of the Constitu-
tion.
Sir, if the President needs arguments and pre-
cedents for such an effort of magnanimity and true
statesmanship, let him consult the history of his
own countiy. Let him turn to the lecords and
precedents leferied to in the able and eloquent
speech of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fernaxdo Wood ] Let him go beyond those
records to those of the British Parliament in the
days when the elder and the younger Pitt and
Buike and Fox and Camden and their compeers
appealed for justice, foi the punciples of the Brit-
ish constitution, for libet ty, for law, for peace in
behalf of the " j'c&eZs" in the American colonies,
instead ofuigingngainst them the'vengeance and
havoc of war. Let him, and let other men too,
learn from such great cxcmplais in true states-
manship and lofty patriotism, that to plead for a
just and honorable peace, even with rebels in
arms, is not treason to the Union and Constitu-
tion, nor sympathy with rebellion, any more than
were the pleadings of Pitt and Burke treason to
the crown and realm of England.
Mr. SMITH obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr, DAVIS, of Maryland, who moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN moved that when the House
adjourns, it adjoin n to meet on Monday pext.
The House divided; and the Speaker announced
that there were 45 voting in the affirmative and 45
in the negative, and that the Speaker voted in the
negative.
Mr. KOLMAN callcd for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman and
Giunnfj.i. were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 45, noeS 45.
The Speaker voted in the negative.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr.davis's motion;
and it was agieod to.
And thereupon (at a quarter to five o'clock p.m.)
the House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 29, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by t^e Chaplain, Rev. W. li. Ciianning.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
post office contingent fund.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, trans-
mitting a statement of the expenditures of the
contingent fund of that Department; which was
refrnrd to the Committeeon Expenditmes in the
Post Office Department, and ordered to be printed.
ADJ0UKXMENT OVER.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN". I move that when this
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
internal revenue.
Mr. VOOPJIEES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled " An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, and pay in-
terest on the public debt," approved March 3,
1SG3; which was read a fust and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
duties on imports.
Mr. VOORI-IEES also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend an act entitled li An act
further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports, and for other purposes," approved July
13, 1861; which was i ead a first and second time,
and referred to theCommittceofWays and Means.
pacific railroad.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent. n>f"o.Juced a bill to amend taction fourteen of
the act entitled "An acttoaid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes," approved July, 3862;
which* was reao a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the select committee on the Pacific rail-
road.
railroad in california and oregon.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to aid in the construction of
a railroad connecting the Pacific railroad in Cali-
fornia with the Columbia river in Oregon; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the select committee on the Pacific railroad.
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the yearendmg 30th of June, 1865; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of tjie Union,
and made the special orderfor Thursday next after
the morning hour.
national currency.
Mr. GANSON,by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Whereas, by the twelfth section of the net entitled "An
act to provide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States stocks, and piovide tor the calculation and
icdemption theieof," it is piovidcd, "for all debts, con -
tincted by Mich association for circulation, deposits, or
otherwise, each shareholder shall be liable to the amount,
at their par value of the shares held by him in addition to
the amount invented in such pharos;"' and whereas no
special provision is made by said act for the speedy en-
forcement of such liability in case of insolvency: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee liiquiie into the
neccsfity or expediency of providing a special and expe-
ditious reniedyfor dissolving association^ oigauized under
the paid act. m ca«e of insolvency, and of enloicing the in-
dividual liability impo>ed upon the stockholder-* of such
;i->ociations bv the said act, and m case the committee find
such leniedy necessary or expedient, that they repoit a bill
making piovUions on that subject.
judicial fees in oregon.
Mr. McBIllDE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
YVher.eas the fees and compensation now allowed hy
law lu the ofliccis of the United Stnies distuct coutt tor
the State of Oregon, and to jurois and witnesses attending
the same, arc inadequate, and lead to much difficulty in the
administration of justice by said court: Theiefoio,
Ilaolucd, That the Judieiaty Committee be directed to
inqune into the expediency ol providing for an ineiease oi
said fees and compensation, and report by billorotherwise,
agricultural report for 1862.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, byunanimous
consent, introduced a resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to, instructing the Commit-
tee on Printing to-inquire into the expediency of
printing one hundred thousand extra copies of the
agricultural report of 1862 for the use of the mem-
bers of the House.
trench occupation of mexico.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a concurrent resolution declaring that Con-
gress has received with profound sensibility in-
foimation of the purpose entertained by certain
European Powers to subvert the fundamental con-
stitution of the neighboring republic of Mexico,
and to impose upon the people of that republic, un-
der the influence and menace of belligerent arms,
a monarchical system of government practically
unknown to the people of North America, and
alien to their principles, customs, and usages; de-
claring that Congress regards this proposition
with the deepest regret; and expressing Us con-
viction that such an enterprise will be universally
regarded in America as a menace to the dignity
and permanence of popular Governments; that
it will only result in adding a now clement to the
causes which have ietard<.d the prosperity of that
republic, and will provoke complications continu-
ally perilous to the tranquillity of this continent.
'the concurrent resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
index to departmental reports.
Mr. KASSON, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means a res-
olution directing the sever.nl heads of Departments
fjubmittingannualieports or annual financial state-
