2432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23.
amendment of a page and a half of the printed
bill; how many were employed before, and how-
many it is proposed to employ now. I presume
we shall have no information upon the subject.
The House is acting in the dark upon the sub-
ject, and I presume no gentleman outside of the
CommUtee of Ways and Means is aware of the
number that have heretofore been employed, and
what number is proposed to be employed here-
after by this amendment. We are acting upon no
estimates and upon no recommendations, as far as
I am informed. I object to acting upon amend-
ments making appropriations of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars in reference to which no one
outside of the Committee of Ways and Means
can give us any information.
1 -think not a dollar should be appropriated ex-
cept upon an estimate of the Department, and that
there should be no increase in clerical forcc and
heads of divisions, &c., withoutsuch a statement
to the country and to Congress as will inform the
whole people'in what manner their money is
being expended. But they will know nothing of
this. In the midst of these tremendous expendi-
tures, when the Treasury is so embarrassed, and
our resources ought to be husbanded to the last
extreme, while we will spend hours of time over
partisan feuds, yet when the question aftccts the
rights of the people and the expenditure of the
money of the people, of which we should be the
guardians, half a dozen men of the Ways and
Means Committee are the only ones who have
any information whatever upon the subject. I
would like some member of the Committee of
Ways and Means to explain th$ extent of this
increased expenditure, and tell us what is the
present clerical force and what the present num-
ber of heads of divisions, and also what increase
is proposed by this amendment both in.numbers
and compensation. There is not the scratch of
the pen, not a printed or written document from
which gentlemen can obtain this information. I
presume this measure will be adopted and these
high salaries established, and then I suppose we
will go home and tell our constituents in the midst
of this great commotion we are unable to obtain
the information upon which ourexpmdituresare
to be made, and deliberate properly on their af-
fairs.
Gentlemen seem to be apprehensive of raising
any question on the subject of expenses for fear
of being called to account for " embarrassing the
Administration" in the present state of public af-
fairs. For one, as a Representative, and as the
Representative of intelligent men, I will never con-
sent to a change so radical as the one which is
now proposed both in the number and pay of
these employes without some knowledge of the
data upon which we aie culled upon to act.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being upon concurring in the
amendment of the Senate, it was put; and there
were—ayes 48, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Holman,and
of New York, wele appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 04, noes 2d.
So the amendment was concuncd in.
Ninety-fourth amendment:
Add as un additional section :
Sec. —. Jlnd he it further enactrdj Tlint from and after
the present fiscal your the Hilary of the Tiea^uierot the
United States shall be $(j,000 per annum.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe the present salary
of the United Stages Treasurer is §5,000, and this
is a proposition to increase it to $6,000. Thrs
proposition is a little holder and plainer than the
one we have just passed upon, for it proposes a
definite increase of salary.
This proposition comes from a party that came
into power on the pretense of an improper ex-
penditure of the public money in extravagant sal-
aries. They charged that the Buchanan adminis-
tration would ruin the country by its extravagance
and profligacy. And yet now, when the nation
is beating everything that a nation can bear, it
proposes to increase these already too large sala-
ries. This repudiation of economy is one of the
most remarkable instances of a party abandoning
and violating its pledges that this or any other
country lias ever seen.
I know that the gentleman who fills this office
is one of the most sterling and faithful officers in
the public service, and he is well paid for his ser-
vices. Five thousand dollars a year is a very
good compensation for that officer or any other.
There is not, to use my old comparison, a hum-
ble soldier in the Army who has a musket on his
shoulder who is not, in a free Republic like ours,
entitled to just as much consideration and to just
as much compensation fnr his services as a gen-
tleman who spends his time in superintending the
affairs of one of your bureaus.
The salary is now $5,000 and you propose to
increase it to $6,000. As the nati6n grows poorer,
and as the people more and more shrink and
writhe under the burdens you are imposingupon
them, in the same proportion you increase ex-
penditure and enlarge salaries, and will presume
to go to your constituents and advocate the con-
tinuance in power of a party that is wholly in-
different to the woe and misery which the tre-
mendous public debt you are creating is heaping
upon the shoulders of the toil and labor of this
country.
Why, sir, since God created the heavens and
the earth there has never been such a disregaid
of t,he expenditure of the public treasure for un-
necessary purposes as is exhibited here. I saw,
after we had been trying for four long months to
increase the pay of the soldier from thirteen dol-
lars to twenty dollars a month, how unwillingly
gentlemen opposite approached the question, and
now we shall see whether y*Ou will vote to in-
crease this already sufficient salary and other sal-
aries so high that they ought to comtnand find
would command the very best talent in the coun-
try*, wo shall see whether, for the purpose of in-
creasing these salaries, you will impose additional
burdens on the country.
1 shall ask for the yeas and nays upon this
proposition, and let us determine whether this is
to be the steady policy of the party in power,
whether there is to be no end or limit to the won-
derful extravagance and profligacy winch now
pervade Congiess in the disposal of the public
money.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I sought an op-
portunity to respond to the remarks made by the
gentleman from Indiana on the preccdmgamond-
ment. 1 should have done it, and explained even
to the satisfaction, I trust, of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. TIolman,] if that were possible,
the reasons for the amendment. Unfortunately,
the papers were not then in my possession, and
the vote was taken before I had an opportunity
to explain. I cannol recur, therefore, to that .sub-
ject now, except incidentally. I wish to say on
the point now before the House that if then; be
one officer under thib Government who cams his
salary over and over and over again i t ia the Treas-
urer of the United States, a man whose life has
been almost sacrificed, as is well known to many
members, by his excessive labors during the past
and present year.
Mr. HOLMAN. And the lives of a great
man/thousand soldiers have been sacrificed dur-
ing the same time, who were receiving only thir-
teen dollars a month.
Mr. KASSON. That officer is not at this mo-
ment paid at the rate fixed by Demociatic prece-
dent for the salary of an officer of less importance
than that of the treasurer of the United States.
The Assistant Treasurer at New Yotk, an officer
subordinate to him, has a salary of $6,000 a year,
fixed by a Democratic Government at a time when
the expense of living was hardly one half what
it is at present, while millions upon millions of
responsibility are accumulating in the office of the
Tieasmer of the United States here, in excess of
that of the Assistant Treasurer m New York.
The gentleman from Indiana having first intro-
duced his harangue here (I beg his pardon for the
phiase, 1 should say his speech) by the state-
ment that we on tins side of the House complained
of high salaries, and by the further statement that
we have been consuming time with buncombe
speeches, rises on every one of these amendments
—the only member who does so—and makes what
every member of the House knows, to be puiely a
buncombe speech, to be read in the country, and
not intended to ha\e any influence on the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mi*. Speaker, if I understan d
that remark, it is a litllo personal. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. I apply it in a political sense.
A Member. The gentleman does it in a Pick-
wickian sense.
Mr. HOLMAN. If thegentleman from Iowa
means to say that the remarks made by me on
these amendments were not intended to influence
the action of the House, he is laboring under a
very great delusion. Did I understand the gen-
tleman to say that my remarks here were not
made in view of affecting the action of the House,
but from other considerations ?
Mr. KASSON. I made the remark that the
speech was evidently calculated to be read else-
where, and not to influence the action of the
House, because the gentleman from Indiana made
repeated allusion to our refusal to increase largely
the pay of the Army at his own figures, which if
done would make the expenses of prosecuting the
war more than the Treasury could stagger under.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, the country never can pay
our soldiers for the work they are doing. Con-
gress may vote them millions of additional pay,
but it tfftn never compensate them for the sacrifices
they make, in exposinglife and limb. The soldiers
do not go to war for money. They go for their
love of country. And if that gentleman and my-
self and all other members of this t^puse would
attend to our business with half the patrioticde-
votion that the soldiers exhibit, we would be far
more in advance with the public business than
we now are. But let me return to the subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Iowa 
Mr. KASSON. My time is short, and the
gentleman must excuse me from yielding to him.
1 certainly would yield,only that my time is so
very brief, and thegentleman from Indiana is on
the floor so much.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
has only one minute more.
Mr. KASSON. Then let me say this: we
but propose to put the salary of the Treasurer at
the same figure thatis paid to the AssistantTieas-
urer at New Yoik, as fixed by Democratic prece-
dent in years gone by. His responsibility is
vastly gteater. His labors are vastly greater.
Tie is entitled to some increase of salary, if only-
to furnish him with a premium to insure his life.
His depuitment is well managed. There are cer-
tain officers in the employment of the Govern-
ment whose pay I would willingly increase to
$10,000 rather than that the Government should
lose, their services. Some of these officers are
perpetually being tempted to leave the service of
the Government by offers made by banking-
houses and other corporations. We must act
justly toward these men. The Treasurer does
not ask this increase, but it is our duty togive it.
[Heie the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend by strik-
ing out" $6,000" and inserting in lieu thereof
" $5,000 " Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to say,
very temperately, that when the gentleman from
Iowa undertakes to ariaign a member upon this
floor the gentleman will remember for motives
which influence his conduct he can convict but
one person, and that person himself, of being
ruled and controlled by such unworthy consider-
ations.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to say, if I have not already explained my re-
mark 
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot yield the floor. I
understood thegentleman to say that he supposed,
from the association and connection of the re-
marks that I made, that I made them not for the
purpose of influencing this House, but for their
effect upon the country. Thegentleman was cer-
tainly not justified in making tlm^remaik. I have
been in the habit of discussing questions before
the House touching the public expenditure, and
I acknowledge that during this session but very
little attention has been given to anything thathas •
been said when an appropriation of money was
before us; but, sir, whatever remarks I have
made have not been for the purpose of going to
the country, but with the hope of influencing the
action of the House, i acknowledge my failure
in that regard. Iam sensible that I have met with
very little success, i have found it difficult to
even get from a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means information in reference to items
of expenditme for which an appropriation was
asked and not embraced in the estimates. Iknow
that every proposition, however extravagant in
