1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
ments or estimates to Congress, to supply nn in-
dex to facilitate reference to the different subjects
or facts therein.
BREVET RANK OF VOLUNTKEllS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, byunanimousconsent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Revolted, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public soivicc, to in-
form the House whether brevet rank has been confeircd
upon any of the officers of the volunteer force? of the Uni-
ted States, in pursuance of act of Confess apptovedMaich
3, 1863 : and if so, upon whom, and if not, the tenons why
it has not been done.
FIRST ILLINOIS CAVALRY.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN", by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and ngreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs bo re-
quested to inquire into the faet as to whethci any provision
of Jaw now exists by which the officers and private^, or their
hciih, of the fiibt legunent of Illinois eavahy, who weie
Killed ot tnken pti-oiirri, at the battle of Lexington, Mis-
souu, on the 20th day of September, 1861, can obtain pay
fiomtheGoverninentot the United States forthchorses and
othei pioporty loit by said regiment at said battle, and ic-
poit by bili or otheiwise. ^
. MANAGEMENT OF THE INDIANS.
Mr. WINDOM,by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the benefit arid better management
of the Indians; which was read a first and sccond
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
WINNEBAGO HALF-BREEDS.
Mr. WINDOM also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the benefit of the halfcbrecds
and mixed bloods of the Winnebago tribe of In-
dians; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimous consent, presented
a communication from the Commissioner of Agri-
culture relative to the binding of the agricultural
report; which was referred to the Committee un
Agriculture.
MONTANA TERRITORY.
Mr. BEAMAN, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back House bill No. 15, to pro-
vide a temporary government for the Teiritory
of Montana, with an amendment: which was le-
committed to the Committee on Tei i uot ies, and
ordered to be printed.
LOUISIANA ELECTION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 call up the report of the Committee of
Elections in the case'of the claim of A. P. Field
to a scat in this House as a Representative fiom
the State of Louisiana.
The resolution reported by the Committee of
Elections was read, as follows:
Resolved, That A V Field w not entitled to a «eatin thi^
House a^ a Jlepiesentativo Jiom the State of Louisiana in
the Thnty-Eighth Gon|xre>s.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire to detain the
House but a few moments upon this report. I
take it for'granted that every gentleman in the
House has lead the report of the committee, and
that renders it unnecessary for me to detain the
House very long.
The facts in the case are briefly those: the
claimant came here at the commencement of the
session with what pui ported to be credentials from
a Mr. Riddell claiming to act as Governor of the
State of Louisiana, in company with oge other
gentleman, and presented a ccititieato containing
the names of throe gentlemen, declaring thorn to
Lave been elected fiom the State of Louisiana ac-
cording to the laws of that State.
These credentials were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and that committee having
examined the case find the facts to be as fohow-<:
The State of Louisiana under the apportion-
ment of 1850 was entitled to four members to this
House. Under the apportionment of 1660 that
State is entitled to five members. Subsequent to
the last apportionment, during the last Congress, a
law was passed mquiringthat each State entitled to
more than one Representative m Congress should
be divided into congressional distiicts equal in
number to the number of Representatives to which
it was entitled. The State of Louisiana has never
been so divided, and therefore no person in that
State could be elected in accordance with that law
of Congiess.
It will be recollected that Congress, or rather
this House, in the last Congress passed a bill di-
viding the State of Louisiana into five congres-
sional districts, which failed to pass the other
branch of Congress and to become a law.
This election, or endeavor to hold an election,
was held in what was the fust congressional dis-
trict under the old law, and is composed of the
largrr pait of the city of New Orleans and two
parishes outside, those of Plaquemines and St.
Bernaid. The military governor of the State of
Louisiana, previous to the day fixed by law, the
2d day of November, for the election of Repre-
sentatives to Congress, issued a military order for-
bidding the election to be held, and no attemptwas
made to hold an election in the city of Now Or-
leans. There was an attempt to hold it outside of
the city in the two parishes belonging to this dis-
trict; and there were \ otes cast under the auspices
of a committee of citizens appointed for that pur-
pose to whom returns were made. And the claim-
ant presented evidence before the committee of
votes in one of these pau&hes—St. Bernard—to the
number of 356; and it was said that about the
same number of votes were cast, though he had no
personal knowledge of the fact, m the other parish
of Plaquemines; of that we have no evidence be-
fore the committee. The only evidence before the
committee was that Mr. Field had received 156
votes in the parish of St. Bernard. The parishes
of St. i>i nard and Plaquemines contained, accord-
ing to the census of PiGO, 1:3,5G6 inhabitants, of
whom 2,5G3 were male whites; and a large por-
tion of the city of New Oilcans contained in 16G2,
when this district was formed, the balance of the
then apportionment of 93,000. How many they
have at this time it is impossible to tell.
Mr. Speaker, the question is whether a gentle-
man coming hen5 with a constituency as presented
by this report, of 156 votes in one of these par-
ishes and about the same number in the other
parish, the others by the order of a military gov-
ernor being compelled to refrain from expressing
their will at the polls, could in any way be eon-
sideied as having been elected. If theic weie no
difficulty on any other point, the .State had never
been divided into districts. This seemed to the
committee to be sufficient reason tn conclude and
to recommend the adoption of a lesolntion that
Mr. Field was not entitled to a scat upon this
floor.
The credentials ptosented were from a gentle-
man supposed to have been eh cted Governor
at the same t;me that this diction was hold,
j The time for which u is alleged he was elected
| Go\einor did not, accoulmg to (lie laws of the
i State, commence till the 1st of January. It l.sim-
j possible to undeibtand by what process of 10a-
j sonmg this man came to the conclusion that he
j was Governor of the State of Louisiana on the
i 20th of November, 1863, the day this ceitificate
j beaisdatc. He received votes in two parishes
I outside of the city of New Orleans and connected
| with that city, i low many votes he received he
I was unable to say. He appeared pei sonally be-
j fo:c the committee and testified ih.if he wascom-
; potent to act as Govcnmi befiue a justice of the
I pt.o'e at New Oileuns. But lie was m>t luaugu-
! rated when ho assumed to act as Govenioi m
I making on I tins certificate. AVhv, sir, the eortif-
1 jcate is mule, out in ihecity ol Washington upon
j infoimalion received by him, but of which he had
I no petsonal knowledge.
i There are the facts of the case, and without
• going further into the discussion of matters which
might have been raised, the eonfmiUee were unani-
mous that the lesolution repoi tod should be adopt-
ed foi the reason thot there was a failui e to conform
Jo the law, and to uffoi d an opportuuty to the loyal
voters of the district, except tn the smallest flec-
tion nf u, to have a voic ' in this ''lection. We
hold that this can, m no proper sense, be consid-
ered as en election entitling the applicant to a seat
in this Uouso.
Mr. SAI1THERS. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
occupy tho attention of the House for a few mo-
men fs only ni giving my assent to the conclusion
to which tin Committee of Elections has come:
and I only desire to cxpiess a qualified assent to
a portion of the report. I do it merely for the
purpose of putting mvself npon the lecoril that I
may not he embai ko s<mI luacaftei when other ques-
tions of moment come to be discussed before the
House, upon which this possibly may have a
bearing. I find in the report of the committee this
clause:
"The comrnittec Know of 110 other reason why another
rlnotion could not havo been held on the sccond day of
Novembei, the day provided by law for regular elections,
except the failure of Congress to district the State in con-
formity with the law already quoted. And had the claim-
ant been able to have lemoved that difficulty, the interfer-
ence of the militaiy governor in suppressing an election
on the d<i> provided by law for holding it would have been
without justification, and would, in the opinion of the com-
mittee, have deserved the condemnation of the House."
'Now, Mr. Speaker, with the statement that the
great majoiity of the people of Louisiana were in
rebellion against the Government of the United
States, and there having been no regularly organ-
ized government in that State, either directly or
otherwise,and the whole State having been under
the military government of the United States, I
submit that it is a very dangerous thing, so far as
we arc concerned, to pi^mit four or five hundred
men to gather together, without any government
whatever, at the places fixed by the law for hold'
ing an election, and there hold an election the re-
sult of which is to send a Representative to a seat
upon this floor to determine grave questions# I,
for one, as I stand impressed now, would not be
willing to vote that any gentleman should have a
scat, to vote on these questions, until a government
has been established in his State which has been
recognized by the Government of the United
States. Otherwise we might find ourselves compli-
cated and embarrassed by people in the rebel States
coming together at their voting places in their re-
spective States, and sending gentlemen here to
vote down our measures of enrollment, and other
measures necessary for the protection of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. KERNAN. This report of the committee
which has been laid before us is an answer to the
remarks of the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr
Smitiiers.] If gentlemen wilj look at the report
of the committee they will sec that the committee
unanimously agreed that there was notice of an
election given. In reference to Mr. Field and the
city of New Orleans, the committee sny:
u It i-* due to him. however, that the committee should
add that the testimony hofote them disclosedabnndantevi-
denee of Ins lowdtyto th'1 Government, and ofhis temper-
ate and judicious ellyi t- to i ostot e the i^tato to the di-.clnuge
of it-. functions a- a uiomboi ot the Union. The evidence
w.r- equally jrratifyiii^ that the city of New Oilcans had in
no device fallen bat k tiom that qunt, onlcily, and loyal
condition in which, undei the auspices and with the coop-
eutiot) ot this '•aiue nuhtaiy govenioi, ihe city one year
airo elected iwo ItepicseiiUuveV to the Ian Congress, hy a
a vety I'uye \oie, who ^eiv d on! bi-ie what lomamed of
that Con<zies<5 on an equal footing with all otheif."
I ask the House to bear in mind that mote than
a year ago, with the laws of the State of Louis-
iana and the acts of Congress cxaetly what they
were la-st November, two members were elected
in that State, and were allowed to represent lhat
people upon this floor. I call attention to this
matter only to allude to the suppression of thjjL
election in New Oilcans last November by a brig-
adier general, when, as the report shows, and the
evidence proves, the city of New Orleans Wfis in
the same good cond it ion as it was two years ago.
The same good order and proper state of things
prevailed there,and yet the committee tell us that
the election was, so far as New Oilcans is con-
cerned, suppressed by an order emanating di-
rectly fiom the military authority of the State,
Dngndier General Shepley. Itisdueto the com-
mittee to say that they have discharged their duty;
and if we pass over in silence what they bring
nnforr us bate, we shall fail to discharge our duty.
The tepoiH&ns on to say:
"■ The committee know of no otlici re.i-on why another
election could not have been held on the ;Jd day of No\ <>m-
boi.the (!n\ piovideii bv law toi remilar election?, except
tho'failuic ol (Jonirro^ to di^uiet the fc?wte, in eonfunmty
with the law ahoadj quoted.*'
That Congress had failed to do a year ago. The
law of July, 1862, declared that theic should be
fivedistiictsofcontiguous territory. Suppose Con-
gress and the State had failed to district the State,
does a military general have the right to suppress
an election, when, if men are elected by the peo-
ple and are sent hero, this House is the judge
whet tier thrv are elected or not? Was he to sup-
pi e^s ;m election because he thought there was
some irregularity? It is for the House alone to
deteisniiie whether there is anything wrong, and
we must place our condemnation upon it, unless
