3410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 80,
month of October, 1862, many of the men who had be* n
diaftedin Indiana for the period of nine months volun-
teeied into old re«irnents for the unexpired term with the
assurance that rhey would held no longer; and I most
re«;poet«uiJy submit that good faith requires that it should
be strictly carried out.
Nor was this understanding, as lam advised, confined to
Indiana, but pievjuifcd extensively in other States. It is
undoubtedly true that the rolls which the men signed de-
scribed an cnlistmentfor three years, orduringthc war, but
this was explained, a& 1 luarn, as the necessary technical
foim of the enlistment, and did not disturb the conviction
in their minds that they would be held only for the unex-
pired term of the regiment.
Tine question has been presented to the War Depart-
ment, and by it decided that Irom the form of the enlist-
ment the men would be held for three years from the date
of enlistment, and without le^anl to the expiration of the
term of the regiment into which thev volunteered. Al-
though it may not be in the power of tiie War. Department
to grant the relief sought lor, yet it is undoubtedly within
tho power of Congress, and & respectfully but earnestly call
their attention to it as alike demanded by justice, good
faith, and sound policy. O. P. MORTON,
Governor of Indiana.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
LAND TITLES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the Senate post-
pone the present and all prior orders and proceed
to the consideration of the bill (S. No. 91) to quiet
titles in favor of parties in actual possession of
lands situated in the District of Columbia. It is
a bill reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and is deemed of some importance by the
inhabitants of the District.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
All deeds heretofore recorded in the land records
of the District of Columbia, which have been ex-
ecuted and acknowledged by femmcs covert (their
husbands having signed and sealed them) for con-
veying any real estate, or interest therein, situ-
ated in the District; and all acknowledgments of
deeds heretofore recorded, which have been made
by femmescoverl (whether (hey have executed the
deed or not) for the purpose of releasing their
claims to dower in the lands described therein, in
which acknowledgments the form prescribed by
law has not been followed; and all deeds hereto-
fore recorded, which have been executed and ac-
knowledged by an attorney-in-fact, duly appointed
for conveying real estate situated in the Distuct;
and all deeds heretofore lecoided, executed, and
acknowledged, or only acknowledged by such
attorney-in-fact for convoying real estate situated
in the District, as to which the acknowledgment
was made before officers different fiom these be-
fore whom proof of the power of attorney was
made, and as to which the power of attorney was
proved befoie only one justice of the peace; and
all deeds heretofore executed and recorded for the
purpose of conveying land situated in tho District,
acknowledged out ol the Distuct of Columbia, be-
fore a judge of the United States court, or before
two aldermen of a city or the chief magistrate of
a city, or before a notary public; and all deeds
hetetolore executed and recorded for the pmposc
of conveying land situated in the Distuct, ac-
Icnow It dm d by an attorney-in-fact, duly appoint-
ed, oi by an oilicer of a cm porat ion, duly author-
ized, who has acknowledged the sumo to be his
act and deed, instead of the act and deed of the
grantor or of the corporation; and all deeds heic-
tofore ex.eeutid and lecorded for the purpose of
conveying land situated in tho Disluet to which
theie is not annexed a le^al certificate as to the
official character nf the oilicer or officers taking
the acknowledgment, are dedaied to be of the
same effect and validity to pass the fee simple or
otiu r estate intended to be conveyed, and bar
dowerin the teal estate therein mentioned in favor
of parties m actual possession, claiming under
and nnon^h such deeds,as if such deeds had been
hybikch Jcmmcs cuveitexecuted and acknowledged,
or acknowledged in a case of adowor right, in the
form heretofore piescnbed by law; aw if such
deeds had been executed and acknowledged by
the grantor in the deed; as if such power of at-
torney had been nro\ed heroic the officer or of-
ficers taking the acknowledgment; as if such
power of attorney had been proved before two
justices of the peace; as if such acknowledgment
had been made before any judge of a State court,
or befoie two justices of the peace; asifsueh at-
torney-in-fact or officer of a corporation had ac-
knowledged the deed to be the deed of the grantor
or of the corporation; as if such deeds had thereto
annexed a certificate, in legal form, that the officer
or officers taking the acknowledgment were really
what they purport to be; but the certificate of
acknowledgment by a femme covert is to show that
the acknowledgment was made " apart" or " priv-
ily" from her husband, or use some other term
importing that her acknowledgment was made
out of his presence, and also that she acknowl-
edged or declared that she willingly executed or
that she willingly acknowledged the deed, or that
it was her voluntary act, or to that effect; and
when the power of attorney shall have been exe-
cuted by a femme covert it is to be effectual and
sufficient if there shall have been such an ac-
knowledgment of it as would be sufficient, under
the provisions of this act, to pass her estate and
interest therein were she a party executing the
deed of conveyance, the record and a copy thereof
of any deed recorded to be evidence in the same
manner and to have the same effect as if such
deed had been originally executed,acknowledged,
and recorded according to law.
The second section repeals and abrogates all
exceptions in favor of parties beyond the District
of Columbia, which may by existing laws be
replied or relied on in any action or proceeding
brought in the District, but this section is not to
affect the right of parties inactions now pending,
and such as may be brought within one year from
the passage of this act.
The third section provides that in all actions
hereafter brought to recover possession of lands
situated in tho District of Columbia, if it shall
be made to appear, by the party claiming the
same adversely, that the lands have been assessed
on the tax list of the levy court of the county of
Washington, or on the tax books of the corpo-
ration of Georgetown or of Washington city, to
him and those through whom he claims, for the
space of twenty years,and that he and they have
paid taxes on them during that space of time,
then such payment of taxes on lands so assessed
is to be taken and considered as sufficient evi-
dence to prove an adverse possession.
The fourth section provides that the acts of
Congress, approved May 31, 1&32, and April 20,
lH.'itf, in reference to the acknowledgment and
record of deeds of land situated m the District,
shall be taken and construed as cumulative with
the acts of Maryland on the same subject in
foico at their passage; and that an acknowledg-
ment made and certified in compliance with any
one of those acts, and before any officers author-
ized by either of the acts to take an acknowledg-
ment, (whether in or out, of the District of Co-
lumbia,) shall be good and effectual; and if it
shall appearthat the grantor " acknowledged said
deed," it is to have the same effect as if he or she
acknowledged the deed to be his or her act and
deed. And any acknowledgment made by a
femme covert under either of those acts of Con-
gress (which shall be sufficient under the pro-
visions of this act) of any deed executed by her
husband, and heretofore recorded in the District
of Columbia, is to be good and effectual to bar
all claim on her part to dower in the lands de-
scribed therein, situated in the District, although
she shall not have executed the same.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported the
bill with several amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section two, line seven,to strike out
the words " one year" and insert" three years;"
so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That tins section shall not affect the light of
paittes m actions now pendmsj, atuf sucli a- may be bi ought
within ihtee ycatn liom the puss age ol this act.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the third
section, us follows:
Th.it in all actions hereafter biought to recover posses-
sion of lands situated in the Distuct of-Col urn bin, it it slmil
he made to appeal b\ the party cluunini* the samendveisely,
th.it -aul kind* have been a^so^ed on the tax Lst of the
levy (it the county of VYa-.hm<;ton. or on the tax
hooK-< of the corporation of Ueoigeunvn or ot Washington
cay. to hun ami those tnrouiin whom he claims, foi the
space of twenty wars, and that he and tlu-y liav paid taxes
on the same during «aid "pace of time, then pucli pa>mcnt
ot taxes (Mi land.- so assessed bhyll be taken and considered
as bUliieient evidence to prove an advei&e possession,
The amendment was agreed to.
I The next amendment was in section four, line
| four, to change the word <{ record" to " reoord-
I ing."
: The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, line
seven, after the word force" to insert i( in said
District;" so that it will read:
That the acts of Congress approved May 13,1832^ and
April 20, lb3S, m reference to the aeknowledgmentand re-
cording of deeds of land situated in said Disnict, shall be
taken and construed as cumulative with the acts of Mary-
land on the same subject in force m said District at the pas-
sage thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM T11K HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the following bills and joint resolution
of the House:
A bill (No. 466) for the relief of the widow of
C. A. Haun;
A bill (No. 470) to authorize assimilated rank
to be given to the warrant officers of the United
States Navy, and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (l$o. 39) for the relief of
Alexander Cross.
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives had disagreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 406)
supplementary to an actentitlcd "An act to grant
pensions," approved July 14, 18G2, asked a con-
ference on tho disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Whaley, Mr.
W. B. Washburn, and Mr. A. W. Hubbard
managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
])ro tempore of the Senate:
A biU (S. No. 54) to incorporate the Metro-
politan Railroad Company in the District of Co-
lumbia;
A bill (S. No. 109) to expedite the settlement
of titles to lands in the State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 255) granting certain privi-
leges to the Guardian Society of the District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 405) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes;
A bill (I-I. R. No. 435) concerning certain lo-
cations of lands in the State of California;
A bill (H. R. No. 442) to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to negotiate with cer-
tain Indians of Middle Oregon for the relinquish-
ment of certain lights secured to them by treaty;
A bill (II. R. No. 446) to regulate prize pro-
ceedings and the distribution of prize money, and
for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 522) to amend the charter
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) to authorize
the Postmaster General to extend the contract
with the Overland Mail Company.
JOHN S. PHELPS.
Mr. HARPJS. I move that the Committee to
Auditand Control the Contingent Expenses of the
Senate be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House joint resolution No. 113 to settle
and pay the account of John S. Phelps, of Mis-
souri, as a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, and that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill. I will state in a word the
circumstances. This is a resolution to settle the
accounts of John S. Phelps, a member of thelast
Congress. It has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives and been referred to the Committee on
Contingent Expenses in the Senate. Two of the
members of that committee are absent and will
not return at the present session. The Senator
from New Hampshhe, [Mr. Clark,] the other
member ot the committee, has given me authority
to ask that the committee be discharged—I be-
lieve he is satisfied with the justice of the resolu-
tion—and to ask that it may be considered. The
reading of the resolution of itself will show that
it is proper. It is merely to adjust his accounts.
Mr. CLARK. I have not the least objection
