412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
we are ready to surrender up the rights of the
people to the dictation of a brigadier general.
But mark what the committee say further:
"And had the claimant been able to have removed that
difficulty, the interference of the military governor in sup-
pressing an election on the day provided by law for lidd-
ing it would have been without justification, and would, in
the opinion of the committee, have deserved the condem-
nation of the House.3'
Does not it deserve it now?
" It is to be regretted that any opposition which the mili-
tary governor fell called upon to make to the peaceful ex-
orcise of the elective franchise by legal voters, on the day
fixed by law for the election of Representatives in Con-
gress—the highest and most sacred privilege guarantied to
the citizen—should not have been based upon the legal'and
defensible ground above alluded to."
The committee say to us that the only objection
—if there was any—was technical, merely as to a
matter of law; that the State did not district the
State and Congtess had not. But they say to us
that the general who suppressed the election did
not base his action upon any such ground. We
are asked, it seems to me, with this report before
us, to say whether w'e cCTidemn such action or not.
And unless this House, which I think is the proper
authority, shall express its condemnation of the
suppression of elections by persons in military au-
thority, we shall have a war of factions, which
the committee say is growing up in Louisiana.
They say:
" It did not appear before the committee whether the mili-
tary governor acted in this matter in obedience to orders
from his superiors or not."
It did appear that an election was held a year
ago, in which members were elected, who came
here and aided in legislation, under entirely the
same state of the law and of facts as to the preva-
lence of good order; and whether the election ap-
pointed in November last was legal or not, is not
a question for the military commander. He had
no right to suppress it because he thought it ille-
gal. The committee say:
" But sufficient was disclosed to show that the loyal men
of that State are much divided, and their strength wasted
in pursuing and combating abstract theories, and m nurs-
ing factions constantly aiming for the ascendency."
Factions were growing up. What was the gen-
eral doing there? Aiding in enforcing the laws?
No,sir; he was suppressing an election which was
orderly; and the committee say:
" And there was too much evidence that Government
officials have been lending the influence of their official po-
sition to the advancement of these schemes."
Factions were growing up; an election was
sought to be held by law there, and it was sup-
pressed; and the committee say there was too
much evidence before them that Government offi-
cials were lending their aid to schemes of faction-
ists who were distracting a people who desired to
submit to the Constitution and the laws, to be
within the Union, and to aid it in its struggle to
restore itself to what it should be under a state of
peace.
I call attention to this from the one desire—
which I trust will commend itself to every gen-
tleman upon this floor—that Congress shall ex-
- press its condemnation of military commanders
suppressing elections where the people, as the
committee say, are perfectly orderly, and where
everything is proper for holding an election;
where the state of things is precisely as it was,
both in law and the condition of the people, a
year ago, when two gentlemen were elected and
sent here and allowed to represent them here. If
we allow this thing, and if no voice of condem-
nation comes fiom this Congress now, it seems
to me that we are delivering up these people, who
are endeavoring to be loyal, who are desirous of
submitting to the Constitution and jaws, who are
willing to conduct elections as good jph'zens should
do and to be represented here—we are delivering
them over to these factions and to the tyrannical
rule of military commandeis who take upon them-
selves to say whether they will allow elections to
be held or not.
Mr. KELLEY. "Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question for information?
Mr. KERNAN. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the two gentlemen who were admitted upon
this floor at the last Congiess were not elected
under the apportionment and districting of the
State under the census of 1850, and whether th«>ie
has been any apportionmentanddistrictmgof the
State under the census of I860?
Mr. KERNAN. I suppose, although I am not
a member of the Committee of Elections, that
they must have been elected under the former ap-
portionment; and I understand that there has been
no redisricting of the State under the census of
1860. I have read from the report of the commit-
tee to show that but for the want of a districting
of the State under the census of 1860 there would
have been no objection to this election which was
suppressed. Now, I suppose that there wasjust
as much irregularity in the election of the two
gentlemen who were admitted to the last Con-
gress as in this case.
But, sir, I did not get up to argue. I concur in
the report of the Committee of Elections. 1 got
up merely to ask the House whether, when the
Constitution confers upon each branch of Con-
gress the right to judge of the qualifications and
elections of its members, they will approve or
pass over in silence the act of a military officer
who takes it upon himself to suppress an election
because he thinks it not according to law. That is
the question which we ought to meet if we mean
to preserve the principles upon which the Gov-
ernment is based.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman let me
say a word ?
Mr. KERNAN. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. We are blamed for having
admitted members from Louisiana into the last
House of Representatives. There are but very
few here now who did that. I think that mostof
those now here who were in the last Congress
disapproved of it very much. They were admit-
ted by force of the power of the House, without,
as I then supposed, any law or right.
Mr. KERNAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will understand that 1 am not making
any point as to whether those gentlemen were ad-
mitted rightfully or not. I am not here to say
whether the election of those gentlemen was reg-
ular or not, or whether they were rightfully ad-
mitted here or not. I am here simply to say that
we shall be recreant to our duty if we allow an
election to be suppressed by a military commander
because ho thinks it is not according to law. He
was not to be the judge of that; and we owe it to
ourselves, in this stormy period of our history, to
see to it that military commanders are kept within
their appropriate spheres, and that the people are
protected from any usurpation of power.
Sir, I make these remarks in no censorious
spirit. This question is brought before us by the
report of the Committee of Elections, which lies
upon our desks, and which shows that this gen-
eral did suppress the election, so that, in the lan-
guage of the committee, not a vote was cast when
there were thousands of voters*. I do not claim
that there were votes enough cast at this election
to make a Representative. I am not in favor of
admitting gentlemen here having no constituen-
cies. But I am in favor of condemning this ex-
ercise of military power for the sake of our country,
for we must either condemn the principle involved
in tins case or sanction it.
With a view of having the House express itself
upon th's question, I have drawn up an amend-
ment which I will now offer.
The amendment which I propose is to add to
the resolution leported by the committee the fol-
lowing:
And that this House disappioves and condemns the oidcis
made by Brigadier General sShrpley suppressing the election
appointed to be held in Louisiana on the 2d day of Novem-
ber, IK63.
We do not say by this whether that election
would have been valid or not. I do not desire tp
discuss that point. But when the report of the
committee shows that theie was entire good order
there, when the military authority had suppressed
all resistance, when the Constitution and laws
could be enforced, 1 think weoughtto say that in
such a case no military general has a right tosup-
press an election, whether it be right or whether
it be wrong.
The SPEAKER. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from New York is hardly in
oi der. The usage has been that only amendments
which relate explicitly to the question of whether
a member is or is not entitled to his seat are in
order.
Mr. SMITHERS. Mr. Speaker, I merely rose,
as I stated, for the purpose of expressing, not ab-
solute dissent with the report of the committee,
but such a qualification as may enable me to keep
i| the true position which, in my judgment, I ought
1 to hold. So far as the case that has been alluded
to by the gentleman from New York is concerned,
where members were allowed to take seats on this
flpor by the action of the last House of Repre-
sentatives, that in no way affects my position. I
was not here. Had I been here I should have
voted against their admission. I stand, therefore,
entirely free and untrammeled by the operations
of the precedent. My objection is that there is
no civil government in the State of Louisiana; not
that the State of Louisiana is out of the Union,
but that there is no government there carried on
under the laws of the land. A military governor
holds possession of the State.
Mr. KERNAN. Isitforthegeneralcommand-
ing there to decide that there is no such govern-
ment as (hat an election may be held; or should
he not rather let the election go on, and let the
persons elected go to the courts or come here to
see what their condition is?
Mr. SMITHERS. I was coming to that, and
I may as well come to it now. The gentleman
from New York does not understand me, I hope,
as condemninghere the action of the military gov-
ernor of Louisiana in that particular. 1 have
nothing to d£with that action.
I am not guilty of any breach of confidence in
saying that there was no evidence to .my mind,
except the cx parte statements of the candidate in
regard to what took place in the State of Louisiana
as the action of thegovernor; and I have beentoo
long in the habit of sifting testimony not to know
that such exparte statements, however honest, are
unreliable as the basis of judgment. As to the
actions of the military governor of Louisiana, I
neither approve nor condemn them. I place my
action on different grounds altogether. That is,
that no four hundred or no five thousand men can
exmero motu take advantage of laws primarily ex-
isting in the State to assemble together, whether
in Vnginm or South Carolina, and elect Represent-
atives where there is no State government recog-
nized by the Government of the United States, and
where there is no actof Congress operativeto sift
loyal or disloyal voters. I am not willing to ad-
mit to a seat on this§fioor a Representative sent
here to vote on great questions of policy, without
there having been some rule established by which
it can be determined at the polls whether a voter
is loyal or disloyal. 1 am not willing to place
this country and Government in the predicament
of bcin££ subjected to have Representatives sent
here by reb< I votes; and I meant to assume only
the position that until there shall be some govern-
ment in a State recognized by the Government of
the United States, or until Congress shall pass
some law under which these elections may be held,
I, forone, cannot consent to recognize any man as
a Representative on this floor from such State.
That is the solo position that I take. It is the
extent to which i go; and to that extent I hold
that the principle is a sound and safe one. Any
other rule might possibly fill vacant seats here
with men whose main object is to embarrass the
Government and destroy the Republic.
Mr SMITH. Mr. Speaker, the claimant to
this seat in Congress from the State of Louisiana
is on the floor, and desires to be heard. I sug-
gest that he have that privilege.
The SPEAKER. The claimant is entitled to
the floor by order of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Before the gentle-
man goes on I desire, if in order, to submit an
amendment to the resolution of the committee.
The amendment was read, as follows:
RcsotyeJ, That tlmio is no legal authority to hold any
election in the cHate of Louisiana; and that anv attempt to
hold an election by any body of persons is a u-inpation of
sovereign authority against the nuthonty of the United
State**, and wa<* ptopeiiy fot bidden by the military author-
ity.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman, as he did to the gentleman from New
York some minutes ago, that in accordance with
the usual custom of the House amendments of
this character are not entertained. It has been
the custom only to entertain propositions stating
that the claimant is or is not entitled to a scat.
As tin* House will perceive, various complications
would arise on! of amendments of this character.
The claimant for the seat is now entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FIELD, (claimant.) 1 have not, Mr.
Speaker, the vanity to suppose that anything I
