1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kern an and
Marvin were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 25, noes 70.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurred on agreeing to the
amendmentrepoited from the Committeeof Ways
and Means to the amendment of the Senate, and
it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended, aod it was concurred in.
The last amendment of the Senate was to amend
the title of the bill by adding the words "and for
other purposes," and it was concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
votes by which the several amendments of the
Seflate were disposed of; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 74) referring the claim of J. H.
Clark & Co. to the Court ot Claims; when the
Speaker signed the same.
business on speaker's table.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table for the purpose of
disposing of the Senate amendments to the bank
bill.
Mr. BROOKS. The only objection I have is
this, that the bill, in the form in which it passed
the House, was never discussed here at all. It
was introduced and put through under the pre-
vious question. I shall therefore object to its
coming up now, unless the amendments of the
Senate can be considered separately.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York that when these amendments
shall be taken up they will of course be discussed
seriatim.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to going to the
business on the Speaker's table if the amend-
ments are to be considered seriatim, but that is
not the proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts. His proposition is to put the bill
right through witiiout discussion or considera-
tion.
Mr. HOOPER demanded tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. HoopEnand
Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes 32.
So the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bills with
Senate amendments.
paymasters' clerks.
An act (H. R. No. 300) for the classification
of the clerks to paymasters in the Navy and
graduating their pay, reported from the Senate
with an amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was read. It pro-
vides for changing the classification of clerks to
paymasters in the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
it may be a long time before the committee will be
permitted to report it back.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I under-
stand it, I should hope it would never be reported
back.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I hope that the
gentleman from Ohio will give way and have this
matter disposed of. The amendment of the Sen-
ate provides simply for classifying the clerks of
paymasters of the Navy.
The bill passed the House and has been re-
turned from the Senate with this amendment,
which the Committee on Naval Affairs have sub-
stantially agreed to. I hope the amendment will
be concurred in before the House adjourns.
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the passage
' of that bill. I have examined it and think it is a
good bill; what I object to is to having this bank
bill come up to-night. I withdraw my motion to
a^ourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does this
amendment increase the salary of these clerks f
. Jlr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It does not; it
is a classification for the express object of not
doing that.
Mr. WASJ3BURNE, of Illinois. Then I have
no objection to it, and withdraw my motion,to
refer.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate was concurred in; and also moved to lay
the-motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national currency.
An act (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national
currency, secured by a pledge of United States
bonds, and to provide for the circulation and re-
demption thereof, reported from the Senate with
amendments, was now talign up.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the House
adjourns now will this bill come up in the morn-
ing?
The SPEAKER. It will come up in the morn-
ing immediately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope, then,
by unanimous consent the yeas and nays will be
dispensed with.
There being no objection, the order fortheyeas
and nays was rescinded.
And then (at fifteen minutes past four o'clock,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 24, 1864.
Prayer b/the Chaplain, Re^. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
board of control of the State Bank of. Ohio, re-
monstrating against the levy of a tax on the issue
of notes by State banks, with a view of expelling
them from circulation; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, it was
Ordered, That Mary B. Hook have leave to withdraw
her petition and other papers from the files of the Senate.
COUNTERFEITING OP COIN.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I am instructed by the
Commitiee on Finance, to whom was referred the
bill (H. It. No. 455) to punish and prevent the
counterfeiting of coin of the United States, to re-
port it back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation thatit pass; and as there is probably
but one opinion about it I will ask that the bill
be considered now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill to-day.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have on three or four
occasions endeavored to finish a bill that was un-
der consideration some days ago; but I find that
as long as committees can come in with their re-
ports and ask for their immediate consideration
they can have consideration, and nothing else can
be done in the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is for the
Senator to object to the consideration of the bill,
and then it will go over as a matter of course.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
still in order.
MAIL SERVICE TO BRAZIL.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that all previous
orders be postponed for the purpose of taking up
House bill No. 407, authorizing the establishment
of an ocean mail steamship service between the
United States and Brazil. If gentlemen willallow
me to take up my bill I shall have no objection
to giving way to allow them to make reports.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have four or five bills
reported from the Committee on Commerce that
I should like to ask the indulgence of the Senate
to pass this morning in the morning hour, and it
will not take more than twenty oi'thirty minutes
to pass them all. ^ '
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have this- bill
passed just as quick as gentlemen choose,to vote
upon it. Ithas been under consideration for-three
mornings. ~ /
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the. very reaion
why I object to its consideration now, because if
it is taken up I know I shall not have an oppor-
tunity to pass my bills, which will lead to no de- i
b'ale.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will remark to the Sen-
ator in all courtesy thatit is not three or four bills
that I desire to take up, but only one, which has
been under consideration now three mornings,
and therefore I wish to have it finished.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not certainly throw
myself in the way of the Senator from Vermont;
but the Senate will remember I gave notice laat
night that I should deem it my duty to press at
the earliest possible momentthebillwhichis now
on the table to establish a Bureau of Freedmen.
Senators about me will bear witness that for the
last three weeks I have tried every day to brine
that bill forward, but I have failed. I had hoped
to bring it into line, if I may so say, immediately
after the passage of the Pacific railroad bill, and!
still hope I may be able to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. This is the morning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it is the morning hour;
but I had hoped to^take up my bill immediately
after the Pacific railroad bill as the first business,
and proceed with ifuntil finished. ButI shall not
throw myself in the way of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say in regard to the
bill that the Senator from Vermont desires to call
up that it was perhaps at my instance thatit went
over when it was up before, or rather I desired
to make some remarks at that time in reply to the
remarks of other gentlemen in reference to it; but
I will 
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for the call of the morning
business, the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will forego making those
remarks, and content myself with asking for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. They have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I will say to the Sen-
ator from Vermont, for the benefit of these other
gentlemen who are pressing their bills, that, so
far as I am concerned, I cannot be responsible for
the rest of the Senate. The Senator from Ver-
mont may get a vote on his bill without delay,
unless others wish to debate it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to state, m answer to the
suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky, that
the Chair has called for the regular business, the
reading of the Journal, petitions, and reports,
and it is now under the control of the Senate to
determine the order of business.
Mr. DAVIS. But, Mr. President, I under-
stand that that is but a part of the morning busi-
ness. I understand that there is other business
that succeeds that. There is a call for bills and
joint resolutions and for resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator in answer to that sug-
gestion that the call for bills and joint resolutions
and for resolutions is a mere practice of the Sen-
ate, not required by the rules.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I hope the practice will
be adhered to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Are reports nowinorder?
The PRESIDENTprotemjwre. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall have a vote
on that.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
407) authorizing the establishment of an ocean
mail steamship service between the United States
and Brazil.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the bill, and on that question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carllle,Clark,Collamer, Con-
ness, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doohttle, Footj Fgstar, Jolvn-
