1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the committee being discharged, because 1 am
alone and have no authority and cannot act. It
is proper that some consideration should be
given to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The first.question is on discharging the commit-
tee from the consideration of the subject indi-
cated .
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 113) to settle and
pay the accounts of John S. Phelps, of Mis-
souri, as a member of the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress. It directs the proper officers of the Treas-
ury to settle and pay the balance due to John S.
Phelps, of Missouri, as a member of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, for salary and mileage, deduct-
ing any amount which he may have received
thereon, or which he may have received as mili-
tary governor of Arkansas.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire whether
Mr. Phelps was military governor of Arkansas
while he was a member of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress. Perhaps the Senator from New York
can inform us whether he was military governor
of Arkansas and a member of Congress at the
same time.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand the facts to be
that at the request of the President he acted as
military governor for a little while; but whatever
he received as military governor he is to be cred-
ited on this account. He had no commission, no
appointment as military governor. He merely
acted at the request of the President.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought he had an appoint-
ment.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; no commission, no
office.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
DR. CHARLES M. WETHERILL.
Mr. HOWE. 1 move that the Senate proceed
to theconsideration of the bill (H. R. No. 346) for
the relief of Dr. Charles M. Wethenll. It will
take but a moment. It is a very small matter.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Dr. C. M. Wetherill the sum of $750
in full for his services as chemist of the Agricul-
tural Department.
Mr. HALE. Let the reportbe read.
Mr. HOWE. I can state the facts quicker
than the Secretary can read the report, perhaps.
Dr. Wetherill was appointed chemist m the Agri-
cultural Department. Aboutthe 4th of April last,
at the request of the President, he was detailed
by the Commissioner of Agriculture and Ordered
to report to a gentleman m Philadelphia to con-
duct some chemical experiments upon gunpowder.
He was detailed for one month. Some time after
the expiration of the month the gentleman under
whose diiection he was laboring there requested
the President to have him detailed for a further
period of time; and thereupon the Commissioner
or the chief clerk of the Commissioner wrote to
him to remain there until further orders. He re-
mained until the 1st of October, and then the
Commissioner discharged him from his office as
chemist for the Department.
Mr. HALE. Why do they not pay this claim
there ?
Mr. HOWE. The Commissioner declines to
do it. Dr. Wetherill was at work the whole time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
NAHAM WARD.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the Committee
on Claims be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to
refer the claim of Naham Ward back to the Court
of Claims. It is a simple resolution authorizing
the Court of Claims to examine into the validity
and legality of the claim. The Court of Claims
under the former law passed upon the chum and
allowed the petitioner a portion of his claim.
Mr. CLARK. I have no particular wish about
the discharge of the Committee on Claims; but
before that is done, and before the resolution is
passed upon, I think it my duty to bring to the
knowledge of the Senate the character of this
claim.
It is a claim over eighty years of age, and involv-
ing from sixty to one hundred thousand dollars.
Seven years ago there wasafavorablereportfrom
the Committee on Claims upon it, allowing over
sixty thousand dollars. That report has some-
times been before Congress, but nas never been
acted upon so as to give the claimants the sum
awarded by the committee. They now desire
and the House of Representatives-has passed a
resolution referring them back to the Court of
Claims. They have had one judgment in the
Court of Claims under the old law, and the report
was made to Congress for the action of Congress
upon it, but Congress has never acted upon it*,
and, it having been reported here late in the ses-
sion, the Committee on Claims have not had time
at this session to examine it and to see whether
there ought to be a judgment on that report, or
whether it is better to refer it to the Court of
Claims or not. It was deemed proper that there
should be action on the report by one branch of
Congress or the other, and I desire to submit to
the Senate the character of the claim.
Mr. WILSON. I think we had better post-
pone it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I can make a state-
ment that will satisfy the Senate. When the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is through I wish to
make a statement in regatd to this claim. I think
it is a matter of sheer justice.
Mr. CLARK. I think the claim should be
brought to the attention of the Senate and the
Senate should fully understand what they are
doins: before they send it back again to the Court
of Claims after they have had one judgment
there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am not familiar enough
with this claim to know whether it ought to be
passed by the Senate or not; but I have examined
the papers sufficiently to make this statement of
facts, which the Senator from New Hampshire
will bear me out in.
Naham Ward, an old citizen of Ohio, asserted
this claim before Congress, and it was frequently
reported by committees of both branches of Con-
gress. It was a claim for the proper payment of
certain notes. The history of those notes was
clearly traced in the papers connected with the
case, it was presented and allowed by commit-
tees of both Houses of Congress, but never dur-
ing the same Congress so that he could get relief.
Ho died. It was presented then to the Court of
Claims when that court was organized. That
court allowed the claim; and I have read a por-
tion of the decision of the court, in which they
say it is perfectly clear that this claimant has "a
right to this remedy under the law. That judg-
ment of the Court of Claims was brought to Con-
gress, after full examination by the court, and I
believe both Houses since that have passed reso-
lutions to pay him the money.
I know that an attempt to pass a resolution
paying the heirs of Naham Ward $60,000 on an
old claim of this kind would probably give rise
to so much discussion and elicit so much contro-
versy, that they probably could not have a hear-
ing before the Senate, or even one of the com-
mittees of the Senate; it would take too much
time. This resolution which has already passed
the House of Representatives simply refers this
claim back to the Court of Claims, without any
advantage from the previous decision, for the con-
sideration of the court under the present law. In
other words, it puts these claimants precisely
where they would have been if no judgment had
been rendered in their favor by the old Court of
Claims. If these parties had not presented their
claim in the old Court of Claims, and had notgot
a favorable judgment from that court, they would
have a right to apply to the present Court of
Claims for the very relief they now ask.
UiHler these circumstances, 1 ask whether it is
fair to deny them a hearing before the Court of
Claims now, or to make a favorable judgment in
the old Court of Claims operate as a bar to them
presenting their claim to the present Court of
Claims? Thatis I believe a statement of the case,
if I understand the papers correctly. 1 looked
over them just sufficiently to inform myself of
these leading facts. If the Senator from New
Hampshire had the time and would take the time
to examine the case,^nd would pass his judg-
ment upon the merits of the claim, I would not
ask to have his committee discharged from its
further consideration. All I ask is that these heira
of Naham Ward, deceased, who are known to
me personally as constituents of mine  shall have
the sanje rightas any othercitizen to present thei*
claim to the Court of Claims established by us;
and I think the mere fact that they have already
got a favorable decision of that Court of Claims
should not deny them that jurisdiction. I am
told that is the trouble with" them now* They
cannot present a petition in the Court of Claims
because it is barred by the favorable decision of
that court. That is the effect of it, if I am cor-
rectly informed.
Mr. CLARK, i have no doubt that will be
the legal effect m the Court of Claims. 1 have
no doubt if they were to go there, without com-
ing through both Houses of Congress, the for-
mer judgment would be pleaded in bar.
Mr. SHERMAN . Although in their favor.
Mr. CLARK. Rut the Senator is not quite
correct, I think, though he means to be so, when
he says they have a favorable report The infer-
ence would be that they had a favorable report to
the extent of their claim.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I did not so state.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator did not so state;
but that would be the inference of the Senator's
language, perhaps. It should be stated that the
court did not allow anything like the full value
of the claim. The original certificates were valued
at, I think, $400, and the court valued them at
less than $300; -but then it should be stated that
the court was divided when they £ave a judgment
even for that amount, two of the judges being in
favor of the claim and the other judge being very
decidedly againstit. But here is the point: they
had the report from the Court of Claims*, they
then come to the House of Representatives; they
do not ask judgment on that report.
Mr. ^HERMAN. The Senator is mistaken
there, for 1 looked at that. They do ask judg-
ment upon that leport; but the committee in the
House of Representatives said they iiad not time
to go into this controversy, and the committee,
against the wishes of these heirs, reported this
resolution to send the claim back to the Court of
Claims. They do not want anything more than
is allowed by that Court of Claims; they do not
claim anything more; they consider the judgment
as conclusive against them except as to th'e amount
found due to them in the Court of Claims; and
they say even if the Senate committee were now
to give them a favorable judgment for $80,000,
they would have to go back to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the House would say, "We will
not agree to this now; we will send it to the Court
of Claims." They want one thing orthe other.
They ought either to have that judgment affirmed
and the money paid, or else they should be al-
lowed to go before another tribunal and have an-
other chance where the judgment will amount to
something.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand the matter
to be precisely as stated by the Senator from
Ohio, though 1 have no doubt he understands it
so, because in talking to one of these parties he
did not so reprtsent it to me. I asked him why
he did not take a resolution for the amount of
that judgment. He said there was some difficulty
in the action of the House of Representatives un-
der the rule; I could not undeistand what; and I
told him I did not see why he could not just as
well have his resolution passed for the amount of
the report of (he Court of Claims as to have this
new resolution passed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator that.
Under the lule of the House 
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me to
make a motion that the Senate at half past four
take a recess until seven o'clock?
Mr. CLARK. We can finish this in a mo-
ment and then have a recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us settle this question
first. Under the rule of the House of Represent-
atives, a bill containing an appropriation cannot
be acted on unless it goes to the Committee of the
Whole. The Committee of Claims in the House
of Representatives said they could pass a res-
olution referring the claim back to the Court of
