THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Claims without a reference to the Committee of
the Whole. That technical rule of the House
was put up against my constituents to prevent
them from having the justice that the committee
(gftid they ought to have. The Senator probably
is not very familiar with those rules.
Mr. CLARK. I am not familiar with the rules
the House of Representatives. I desire to in-
quire of the Senator, if he represents the claim-
ants, whether they will take the resolution with
an amendment providing that the judgment of
ihe court shall not exceed the former judgment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not the slightest ob-
jection except that that would send the resolution
back to the House of Representatives, and would
involve them in some trouble.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There ean be no harm in
sending it to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I think they should take one
of two tribunals: they should either allow Con-
gress to act upon the old report of the Court of
Claims, or it should be referred back to the court
with a proviso that their judgment shall not ex-
ceed the former one. If they will agree to that,
1 shall have no objection to the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. But if an amendment is
made the resolution will have to go back to the
House of Representatives, and they will be una-
ble to obtain action during this session at least.
I hope the Senator will allow them to go before
the present Court of Claims with the same rights
and authority they would have had if they had
never presented their case to the old Court of
Claims. That is all they ask.
Mr. CLARIC. I heard the same objection once
made to a bill that I was pressing, and an amend-
ment was proposed on the other side to limit it to
|40,00G. I did'not claim but about $30,000; but
1 think the Secretary of "War allowed $66,000,
and 1 afterward moved its repeal. I do not think
it is a sufficient answer in a claim of this kind in-
volving $100,000, that an amendment would delay
it a little while in the [louse of Representatives.
I do not think we should be in such hot haste to
vote money out of the Treasury. I think itvshould
be examined.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take it up, and if a
majority of the Senate think the amendment
ought to be made I shall not object, although 1
think it would be unjust to do it'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio to discharge the Com-
mittee on Claims from the further consideration
of the resolution indicated by ium.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate at half
past four o'clock take a recess un til seven o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the mo-
tion by saying twenty minutes to five o 'clock. I
desire to dispose of this matter, I am on a com-
mittee of conference and may not be able to at-
tend to it this evening.
The PRESIIMNU OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the longest time named
first. The question U on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, as a separate motion, not an
unieiuhm-nt.
The motion w«« agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the pres-
ent and all other orders for the purpose of taking
Up House bill No. 511.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have now succeeded in
getting this resolution before the Senate, and it
might as well be acted upon at once.
Mr. WILSON. If we can take a vote I shall
not object; but 1 desuo lo have the bill I have in-
dicated taken up now, so that u may be disposed
of this evcviing.
Mr. SHERMAN, I shall not. object to that
after this resolution is disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 object to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in the
power of a majority of the Senate to control the
question.
Mr CLARIC. I understand the Senator from
Ohio i« willing to accept the amendment to the
resolution dint I have indicated. If he is willing
to ngieo to that I shall withdraw all opposition
to the resolution and let it be disposed of".
Mr. WILSON. If ho is willing to do that I
have no objection; but we should not at this pe-
riod of the session be spending hours upon a pri-
vate claim-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator withdraw his motion?
Mr, WILSON. Yes, sir; if it is understood
that we can have action on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to take up House joint resolution No. 90.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to refer
the claim of Naham Ward back to the Court of
Claims.
Mr. CLARK. I'move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That said court shall allow no larger amount
than the sum heretofore allowed by said court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in and ordered to be engrossedand the resolution
to be read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
TENSION LAWS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 406) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to giant pen-
sions," approved July 14, 1SG2, disagieed to by
the House of Representatives; and,
On motion of Air. FOSTER, it was
Resolved, That the Serrate insist upon its amendments
to the said tail disagreed to by the House of ltepiesenta-
tives, and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Piesulent pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr,
Foster, Mr. Ten Eyck, and Mr. Willey.
PUNISHMENT OF GUEKftlLLAS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to takeupITouse
bill No. 51 J, to provide for the more speedy pun-
ishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes,
with a view of leaving it as the business in order
after the recess.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope we shall now take a
recess until seven o'clock, and I will make that
motion.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The recess has
already been ordered.
0(3N>UtAIi VRA.NK P. BLAIR, Jit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a matter that I presume we
can get a vote upon before the time fixed for the
recess arrives. 1 do not suppose it will lead to any
debate. It is the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary on the papers referred to
it in reference to the cases of Generals Schenck
and Blatr. I ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of that resolution. If it leads to debate
1 shall not press it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following resolution reported by
Mr. Trumbull from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary on the loth of June:
Resolved, That un officer of the United State* whose
resignation has been duly accepted ;md taken effect, or
who, having been elected a monnher of either Flou^e ot
Con<rreSh, qualm is and enters on the discharge of the duties
of a inrmboi', w th"f<>hv, in either ea>e, out of the office
pievioiMy field, and cannot be restored to it without anew
appointment in the manner provided by the Constitution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think we had better have
the yeas and nays on the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Several Senators. Oh, no; we shall be with-
out a quorum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let itpass with-
out the yeas and nays.
The resolution was adopted.
SALARIES OF SLAVE TRADE OFFICERS.
Mr. SUMNER., I ask the Senate to take up
a little bill that will not take three minutes, it
is House bill No. 552, to increase the salaries of
the judges and arbitrators appointed under the
treaty with Great Britain for the suppression of
the slave trade, reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. HALE. I hope that bill will not be taken
up now.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will hear
what I have to say on the subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is to increase sala-
ries I object to it.
Mr. EiAVlS. I think we had better abolish
the judges and other officers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore„ Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained at the
present time.
extension of land laws to kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No. 193,
to extend the eighth section of an act entitled
"An act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands, and to grant preemption
rights."
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to extend the provisions
of the eighth section of an act to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant preemption rights, to Kansas. Nothing in
this bill or .the act mentioned is to be so construed
as to prevent the State of Kansas from using the
lands when selected under the direction and sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, or the proceeds of their sale, as a permanent
fund, the rent or interests of which to be applied
for the support of common schools in the State.
Mr. HARLAN. There are one or two cleri-
cal amendments that should be made to the bill.
In line five of the first section, after the words
" preemption rights" I move to insert the words
"approved September 4, 1841."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line six of the same sec-
tion I move to strike out the word " that" and in-
sert the words 4< the State;" so that it will read,
u shall be extended to the State of Kansas."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made; and the Senate,in pursuance
of its oider, will now take a recess until seven
o'clock.
EVENTNG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p.m.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying for such an amendment
of the Constitution as will expressly lecogntze
the obligations of the Christian religion; which
was leferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented seven petitions of men and
women of the United States, praying for the abo-
lition of slavery and such an amendment of the
Constitution as will forever prohibit its existence
in any portion of the Union; which were referred
to the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
COCjFAX stkeet in washington.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 55U) to establish
Colfax street in the city of Washington and Dis-
trictofColumbia, to report it back without amend-
ment and recommend its passage, and I ask for
its immediate consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. When the Senate took a
recess it was just about to vote on the passage of
a bill which was then under consideration. I
desire to have that bill disposed of, and then I
shall have no objection to taking up this lull.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator object to the consideration of this bill?
Mr. POMEROY. We had better dispose of
the bill we were considering at the time the Sen-
ate took a recess.
Mr. GRIMES. What was the bill?
Mr. POMEROY. A bill extending the act of
Congress passed in 1841 relative to the public
lands to my State. It was read and considered
as in Committee of the Whole and just about to
be put on its passage when the time fixed for the
recess arrived.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If objection
be made thia bill cannot be considered at the
present time.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not want to object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Nu objection
being made, the bill reported by the Senator from
Iowa is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
that from and after its passage the alley, which
