1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
nish it. They had nothing else to do. While
the slaves produced cotton their masters discussed
politics. The whole South was tamed into a de-
bating society. Every man was a politician.
Every court-house and cross-roads became an
arena for political gladiators. The alpha and
omega of every discussion was slavery, and every-
body was on the same side. If some old fogy,
some believer in the doctrines of the past, hap-
pened to express doubts of the sacredness of the
institution, suddenly many voices were joined to
greet him as Paul was greeted at Ephesus. While
the northern people built manufactories, railroads,
bridges, and canals, erected cities, opened farms,
constructed ships, and founded institutions of
learning, the South was discussing the negro ques-
tion. As in all attempts to vindicate ciror, they
fell into the most glaring contradictions, seen by
everybody except themselves. They claimed to
be fiercely democratic. Holding one half of the
population of their States in abject .slavery, they
clamored loudly for the largest liberty. The
privilege of the writ of habeas coi'pus denied to
every man held by them in bondage, they insisted
that republican government would be instantly
lost if the writ were suspended for a moment in
the case of a white man. Claiming that the in-
stitution was local, deriving its vitality from
the States, and that Congress could exeicise no
power over it at all, they yet insisted that Con-
gress should plant it upon all the national do-
main. Adopting a false theory of State rights,
originally designed for the protection of slavery,
which rendered the Constitution poweilesson all
other subjects, they yet found authority within
its grants of power to establish and perpetuate
slaveiy against the will of the local government.
Looking only to the preservation of that one in-
stitution, they adopted any and every theory that
seemed available for the purpo.se. They advo-
cated the Missouri Compromise, and afteiwards
ostracized as abolitionists all who did not favor
its repeal. They opened the Temtoi ies to popu-
lar soveieignty, and so soon as it failed to bring
a .slave Stare into the Union,the doctrine was dis-
carded, and he who did not at once repudiate it
became unto them as the heathen and the publican.
In the mean time the noithem people, thor-
oughly convinced of the immorality and inutility
of slavery, began to take its denunciations into
the pulpit and the schooi-u>om. At this point
the diveigence between the Noith and the South
commenced. Congregations of Chiistians who
had formally wot shiped at the same altar met
and quarreled ami sepurated. Then commenced
this idea of two distinct civilizations, this notion
thatthe two iaees, the one inhabiting the North,
the other the South, were not the same; thatthey
were different in ot igm, different in manners, dif-
ferent m pursuits, and different in ideas of gov-
ernment. Extreme imm on both sides urged these
reasons in favor of political separation and the
establishment of sepaiatc governments. The <">ne
extreme said (he Union could not, must not sub-
sist with slavery; with the other slavery was the
sine qu« non of Union. Politicians at once seized
upon tliih state of feeling, and, instead of pouring
oil on the troubled waters, for selfish purposes
they added to the agitation. They who became
the representatives of the people seemed to look
rather to the promotion of party interests than to
the substantial welfaie of the country. In other
woids, too many of our statesmen became dema-
gogues. Falsehood was admitted and acted upon
simply because the pioneers in reformation are sel-
dom honored; they scarcely ever get to Congress.
The country finally became divided into two
great patties. The true cause of division, with
a majority on each side,is to be found, nodoubt,
in the construction given by them respectively to
the Constitution, the one confining the powersof
Congiess to expressly delegated grants, leaving
the .States sovereign in all other respects; the
other finding in the instrument warrant for the
cxeiTiMs of powers deemed necessary "for the
common defense andgeneivf welfare" of theUni-
teij State*,
The southern people being an agricultural peo-
ple, looking chf-fly to a foreign nuuket for the
sale of their surplus productions, not engaged in
the carrying track*, bWitving free trade to be bene-
ficial to their interests, and not feeling the same
necessity with the people of the North for irn*
proving the lakes, rivers, and haibors of the
South, very generally accepted the limited, or
what has always been termed the strict, con-
struction of the Constitution. From precisely
the opposite considerations sprang the party of
liberal or latitudinarian construction. It is plain
to sec that the pro-slavery men of the South
would naturally fall into the ranks of the former
party, because the theory of strict construction
furnished the best protection for the institution,
if Congress could not attack it, it might, in then-
opinion, retreat from State to State, if attacked
by local authority, and thus gain time to fortify
its defenses. For the opposite reason,again, the
zealous anti-slavery men of the North joined the
other pai ty. In the latitude of construction, their
assaults upon the institution might he made ef-
fective; from State action they had no hope.
As it has always been—and it is as much so
now perhaps as ever—extreme men on either side
gave tone to party action. The more moderate
were controlled by them. They seemed to have
no power of resistance. They drifted like floats
upon the current. They knew what is right,
but they had not the moral coui age to pursue the
right. In a short time, par;y platforms became
a mere suing of dogmas on thesubjectof slavery.
A foreigner seeing them would naturally suppose
that we had no other interests in this country than
slavery.
But why is it that the extreme men in this case,
as they have done m others, succeeded in control-
ling their respective parties? I ascribe it to the
fact that extreme men generally start with an un-
deniable truth. They boldly challenge refuta-
tion of that truth. They seek contioversy, and
controversy gives them stiength. Truth needs
but be repeated, and the assent of reason is finally
given. The anti-slavery men asserted the propo-
sition that slavery is wi ong; that it is condemned in
morals, and anti-republican in itsvery nature; that
u is unjust to the slave and prejudicial to his mas-
ter; that it is corrupting m its social relations, and
deeply injuiious to the economical interests of the
country. This proposition could not be denied.
To oppose it but established it the more firmly.
The history of the country itself biought new
arguments to its support. The gieat disparity in
the material development of the two sections as
time passed on gradually strengthened the con-
victions of anti-slavery men, and struck down the
arguments of their opponents. The earnest men
of the anti-slavery paity who stuck to the one
idea of their faith, and demanded its recognition
m political platforms,as well as in religious creeds,
though bianded as zealots, abolitionists, disturb-
ers of the public peace, yet stood upon the one
tiuth,and challenged its denial. Jf this truth had
been acknowledged and acted on by the other
side we should have had no war. While they
were obtaining the almost universal recognition
of this truth, however, in the northern States, and
its partial recognition in the South, the fiery con-
flict through which they were passing unfortu-
nately aroused the fiercest passions. Religion
and politics biought their influences to inflame.
Many of them became maddened as with frenzy,
and st ruck at slavery without skill,as the wounded
gladiator strikes at his adversary.
The arguments used to satisfy others that sla-
very is wrong had satisfied themselves that no
law, human oi divine, standing in the way of its
destruction, was obligatory on the citizen. The
extremist uf the South, too, was not without his
truth—an equally undeniable truth—for the erec-
tion of his party. His truth was the one to which
I have already alluded. It was that, however in-
defensible slavery might be as an abstract propo-
sition, the very bond of Union, the Constitution,
left it under the exclusive control of the States
interested; that Congiess could notabohsh it; and
that every act of interference with it where it ex-
isted was without authority. He e!aimcd,and
truthfully, too, that unless its existence had been
left free from congressional legislation no Union
could have been formed. This became his con-
trolling idea. It was his strong point, his fort-
ress; and to it he retreated when the moral ques-
tion was urged. He must have it inserted m
every platform of principle. Those of the South
who looked forward to the final extinction of
slavery soon lost courage to assertthe truth which
lay behind this, and were constantly driven to the
assertion of political tenets that stood in the way
of such consummation.
Upon this truth sophistry built a thousand
errors. Threats of interference by northern ex-
tremists helped to stimulate southern pride, in
which the injustice of slavery was to be forgotten
From this vantage-ground taken by pro-slavery
men of the South, and resolutely adhered to, they
gradually put forward and developed the princi-
ples of that new faith which asserted the divinity
of slavery, taught the doctrine of State suprem-
acy, and enforced the heresy of nullification and
secession.
The northern Democracy never believed in
these heresies. Theyadopted the strict construc-
tion theory of the Government without reference
to slavery. If the application of what was thought
to be a sound principle of construction inured to
the protection of the institution, they yet would
not abandon the principle. They did not believe
slavery to be ordained of God or productive of
human good; indeed, they believe it a curse. They
acted with the southern Democracy for two rea-
sons: first, they condemned what they termed the
fanatical heresies of the abolitionists, who, they
thought, in their pursuit of a moral principle
would rush to anarchy; and secondly, their re-
spect for the great constitutional truth to which I
have alluded dominated their moral convictions
against the institution. Hence, when secession
came, the northern Democracy were found on
the side of the Government. They have given
their blood and their treasure to the prosecution
of war, intended for therestoration of the Union.
At this point it may be suggested that the diffi-
culty of amending the Constitution added se-
riously, in my judgment, to our troubles. Why
was the power of amendment inserted at all? It
was to utilize the experience of the future, to cor-
rect error in the Government. The Senator from
Indiana is very much mistaken when he says
that the Constitution cannot be constitutionally
amended in reference to slavery. It is provided
that it shall not be amendable in only one particu-
lar, and that is, " that no State, without its con-
sent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in the
Senate.'* In no other rcspect is there now any
limitation whatever upon the power of amend-
ment. Up to 1808 there were two other clauses in
the Constitution that could not be amended, the
one in regard to the importation of Africans into
this country, and the other in regard to capitation
or other direct taxes. The power to amend was
a part of the contract; it was a part of the bond of
each State when we entered into the Union; and
we have clearly and indisputably the power to
amend it in reference to slavery.
As I have said, the power to amend was in-
serted to enable us to utilize the experience of the
futuie and correct error. It was designed to let
deliberate and matured convictions of public policy
take a place in the organic law. It was to be the
safety-valve of our institutions. Ours was to be
a Government of the people. Their opinions are
the motive-power. When I speak of opinions I
mean the satisfied judgment, not the mere senti-
ment or passion of the hour. If these opinions,
rarefied and expanded by the heat of truth, are con-
fined, explosion comes. It had become the settled
conviction of three fourths of the people that sla-
very is wrong. That conviction could find no
place in legislation, because it would conflict with
the Constitution. It could not find place in the
Constitution, because the ratification of three
fourths of the States could not be obtained. With
thirty-five States in the Union it requires twenty-
seven to carry this amendment. It matters riot
what may be their population, one tenth or one
twentieth of the whole, the remaining eight may
exclude it. This-may be a wise provision, but I
have been led to doubt it, and hence my propo-
sition as introduced originally was to lemovea
part of this difficulty in future cases, to facilitate
amendments to the Constitution. I am aware of
the danger on the other side, but the recent expe
rience of our own and that of the English Gov-
ernment for centuries, inclines me to think that
the greater danger lies in damming up public sen-
timent until it gathers force to break away its bar • '
riers and desolate the country. Indeed, if minis-
ters would leave their posts in our Government
when public opinion condemns them, the change
would be for the better. The Judiciary Commit-
tee, however, have disagreed to this proposition,
and to their better judgment I submit.
But I was saying that the northern Democracy
