1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
one at Pittsburg and one at Cincinnati, it is an un-
necessary expense to continue the one at Wheel-
ing. The Senate can decide. The effect of this
amendment will be to retain the inspection district
at Wheeling.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I did not hear the Sen-
ator from Michigan distinctly, but 1 know of no
reason why this section should not be stricken out,
and I have heard none.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said it was the opinion
of the Treasury Department and likewise of the
Committee on Commerce that inasmuch as there
was an inspection district at Cincinnati and also one
at Pittsburg, the one at Wheeling was a needless
expense to the Government; but that is for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. VAN W INKLE. I desire to say, then, Mr.
President, that Wheeling is a place where agreat
many steamboats are built. Steamboats are also
built along the river between there and Parkers-
burg, and at Parkersburgin considerable numbers.
The navigation above Wheeling particularly is for
agreat portion of theyear interrupted foraboatof
any size; and if the boats thus constructed are under
the necessity of going to Pi ttsburg to be inspected,
it is putting a heavier tax on the citizens than the
expense of maintaining these inspectors'can pos-
sibly be to the Government. The present sys-
tem has been in operation for a number of years;
Wheeling is the only city of great importance in
the State of West Virginia, and this is a conven-
ience that their interests demand. Wheelingisa
manufacturing place where all these departments
of business are carried on. Steamboats are there
built from the keel up, furnished with their en-
gines and everything else needed. On a mere
representation that it may possibly be a little
more economical to abolish the inspection district
there, I do not think it ought to be done. The
interests of these people are, if not as extensive
as those of Pittsburg, certainly as near to them,
and I am not sure that the number of steamboats
' built between Wheeling and Parkersburg and at
Parkersburg is not equal to the number built at
Pittsburg.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time; it was read the
third time, and passed.
DUTIES ON FOREIGN SALT.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 356) requiring proof of
payment of duties on foreign salt before payment
of the allowances provided for by the actof July
29, 1813, and March 3, 1819. It provides that
the allowance of bounty to certain vessels em-
ployed in the Bank and other cod fisheries, as
provided for in the act of July 29, 1813, laying
a duty on imported'salt, granting a bounty on
pickled fish exported, and allowances to certain
vessels employed in the fisheries, and the act of
March 3, 1819, amendatory thereof, are not here-
after to be paid to any such vessel until satisfac-
tory proof has been furnished to the collector of
customs charged with the payment of such boun-
ty that the import duty imposed by law on for-
eign salt imported into the United States has been
duly paid on all foreign salt used in curing the fish
on which the claim to the allowance ofbountyis
based.
Mr. POWELL. I should like that bill to lie
over until to-morrow, and 1 frtake that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. It simply
compels proof that the duties have been paid be-
fore any drawback can be paid by-the collector
of the port.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the bill, but 1 want a little time to draw
it up. I hope the Senate will indulge me for a
few moments while 1 draw it up.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well. I move that
this bill lie over informally with a view of taking
up another bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER subsequently said: I am
informed by the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] that the proposed amendment to House
bill No. 356 will probably lead to debate, and if
so, I will not insist on that bill to-day, but will
let it lie over until to-morrow.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (S.
No. 283) to abolish the collection districts of Port
Orford and Cape Perpetua, in the State of Ore-
gon, was read the second time and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to abol-
ish the collection districts of Cape Perpetua and
Poijt Orford, heretofore established by law, and
to attach them to the collection district of Oregon.
Mr. NESMITH. That is a bill which inter-
ests my constituents somewhat, and as I am not
familiar with the subject I will ask the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce to state whatthe
effect of the bill will be, and whether, under ex-
isting laws, the Secretary of the Treasury would
be authorized to appoint deputy collectors for
those districts.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, he will; that will
l)c the efFsct.
Mr. NESMITH. If that will be the effect I will
not'object to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
TRADE ON THE RED RIVER OF Tills NORTH.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the'bill (S.
No. 272) to facilitate trade on the Red River of the
North was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the President of the United States to
designate and establish such points or places upon
the Red River of the North as to him shall seem
expedient for lading and unlading the cargoes of
vessels navigating the river.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
^TAMES KEENAN.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 63) to settle
the account of James Keenan, late consul at Hong
Kong, China. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle the account of James Keenan,
late consul at Ilong Kong, China, by allowing
him $2,801 84, the amount of judgment in cer-
tain cases obtained against lum and paid by him;
and also to pay him the amount incurred by him
in the exchange between the countries, whatever
it may be, and charge him with any balance oil
the books of the Treasury against him, and to
pay him the balance", if anyappears in his favor,
out of any money not otherwise appropriated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is suggested
to the Chair by the Secretary that the words "in
theTreasury" ought to be inserted after the word
"money" in the last clause of the bill, "out of any
money not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT OF TIIE RULES.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to give notice of my in-
tention to offer an amendment to the rules of the
Senate. It is to add the following words to Sen-
ate Rule 24, to be a pait thereof:
And when llie call for the repoits from standing and se-
lect committees are through, the President shall first cali
for joint resolutions of the two find then tor reso-
lutions piopn«?ed to bp adopted by the Senate.
SIOUX INDIAN DEPUEDATIONS. *
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 377.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I suggest to the Senator
that if that bill will be likely to occasion any de-
bate it had better be deforred,.because I gave no-
tice on Friday that on Tuesday, that is to-day,
at one o'clock 1 should move to proceed to the
consideration of the tax bill. I deem it very im-
portant to take it up at that hour, and I shall
make the motion when the hour arrives. I sug-
gest to him, theiefore, unless it is a matter that j
will not lead to debate, it is hardly worth whfle
to take it up now. 1
Mr. WILKINSON. I presume this biE will
lead to no debate. • , ..
The motion was agreed to, and the Sena|e, as,in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to, consider
the bill (H. R. No. 377.) malting appropriations
for the payment of the awards made by the eojM-
missioners appointed under and by virtue o£a.n
act of Congress entitled "An act.for the relief of
persons for damages sustained by reason of the
depredations and injuries by certain bands of
Sioux Indians," approved February 16, 1863.,
The bill proposes to appropriate the sum of
|928,411, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, for the payment of the several amounts
awarded by the commission appointed under and
by virtue of an act for the relief of persons for
damages sustained by reason of the depredations
and injuries by certain bands of Sioux Indians,
approved February 16, 1863, to the several per-
sons, firms, estates, and .corporations, respect-
ively, to whom such amounts were, awarded by
the commissioners, except the following .per-
sons, estates, and firms to whom awards were
made, to wit: Antoine Roberts, J. p. Toberer,
Gilbault &'Co., W. L. Sumner, G. L. Mendel-
sohn, D. C. Marvin, Joseph Popp,B. Heinbeck,
W. W. Pendergrast, Louis Theobald, J. ami C.
M. Dailey, B. H. Randall, Louis Robert, W. H.
Forbes, estate of S. B. Garvie, deceased, A. Va-
ien and Brother, T. I. Pierce, estate of Francis
Labathe, deceased, S. A. Hopper, estate of James
C. Dickenson,deceased, Henry Apple,Theodore
Crone, Charles Jacobs, F. Immel, H. C. Cooper,
H. D. Cunningham, Joseph Descoteau, and
Henry Beiinke, which last claim-is numbered
three hundred and sixty-six on the books of said
commissioners.
The second section provides that for the pay-
ment of so much of the awards made by the com-
missioneis to the persons, firms,and estates spe-
cifically named in the first section of'this act, as
the Secretary of the Interior shall upon examin-
ation find to be due to them respectively, under
the act approved February 16, 1863, iherdSsfiall
be appropriated the further sum of §341,963, or
so much thereof as may be necessary. The Sec-
retary of the Interior is directed to pay to the
several claimants, or to their attorneys heretofore
or hereafter duly authorized, oilier than those
claimants specifically named in the first section,
the several amounts as awarded by the commis-
sioners, and also to pay the several sums he may
find due, not exceeding the amounts respectively
awarded by them to the persons, firms, and es-
tates so specifically named.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I notice that the member
of the Committee on Finance who reported this
bill, the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cow-
an,] is not now in his seat, and I hope it will not
be acted upon until he comes in and makes an
explanation of it. I suppose it may be taken up
to-morrow morning in the morning hour.
Mr. WILKINSON. I am very anxious to
have it disposed of; but if I thought there was
or could be any objection to it now I would not
urge it, and I would not urge it if I thought it
would lead to any debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is one o'clock now,
and I would rather that it should go over tmtil
to-morrow, as the Senator from Pennsylvania is
not in his seat.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 will let it go over, with
the understanding that I can have it taken up in
the morning hour to-morrow.
INTERNAL^ REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to dispense with
all prior orders with the view of taking up the tax
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course we arc all m favor
of the tax bill and I am in favor of proceeding
with it, but I will make one remark simply to ex-
plain my own position wkh reference to other
business. It is known, as I have already ob-
served to-day, that I have been watching my op-
portunity to move the consideration of Senate
bill No. 227, to establish a Bureau of Freedmen;
that when my friend who had the Pacific railroad
bill m charge rose to move his bill I rose at the
same time, and that I united-witli him in fixing
the order for the consideration, of his bill with
the understanding that mine should be proceeded
wiih im mediately after that. Of course it was
not supposed then that the Pacific tailroad bill
