1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
mm
is sixty feet wide, across square seven hundred
and twelve, and which connects L and M streets
north, and the westline of which is two hundred
and twelve feet east of the east line of First street
east, shall be known as Colfax street.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
EXTENSION Of LAND LAWS TO KANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will now resume the consideration ofthe bill which
was under consideration at the time the Senate
took a recess, being the bill (S. No. 193) to ex-
tend the eighth section of an act entitled "An act
to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands, and to grant preemption rights."
The bill was reported totheSenate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM SAWYER AND OTHERS,
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 133.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that that bill is not on the Calendar, and
has never been reported from the committee.
Mr. WADE. I was going to ask that the
committee be discharged. 11 was sent to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, I believe, and
they intended to send it to the Committee on
Claims, but I do not know whether they did or
not. I move that the Committeeon Private Land
Claims be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that the Senate consider the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (£i. R. No, 133) for the relief of
William Sawyer and others, ot the State ot Ohio.
By the treaty of St.Mary's with the Miami In-
dians, of October 6, 1818, the westhalt of section
No. 26, the east halt" of section No. 28, and sec-
tion No. 27, lying m the county of Auglaize and
State of Ohio, were reserved and granted to Jo-
seph Richardville and Joseph Richardville, jr.
All of those lands have since been sold in several
parcels to divers persons by the Umted Slates
and by the State of Ohio, under and by virtue of
a grant from the United States; and by virtue of
a judicial sale upon a judgment rendered against
Joseph Richardville, jr., survivor and sole heir-
at-law of Joseph Richardville, sr., the title granted
to them by the treaty in all of those lands has be-
come vested in one Madison Sweetzer, the pur-
chaser at the sale; arid he has established his title
to the lands by sundry judgments m ejectment,
recovered in the circuit court of the United States
for the northern district of Ohio, against the ten-
ants in possession, holding under titles derived,
directly or indirectly, from the United States.
The bill, therefore, requires the Secretary of the
Interior to cause the unimproved value of those
tracts of land to be ascertained, by the valuation
and assessment of a commissioner to be appointed
by him forthatpurpose, and which commissioner
before he proceeds to theassessmentaud valuation
of the same is to take an oath faithfully and im-
partially to perform his duties as such commis-
sioner. When the Secretary of the Interior shall
thus ascertain the unimproved value of the lands
he is to report it to the House of Representatives
at the eailiest practicable moment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GEORGE A. SCHREINER.
Mr. FOSTER. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 240, for the relief of
George A. Schreiner; a bill reported from the
Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
ofthe Whole. It directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of George A. Schjeiner,
of the county of Wyandotte, State of Kansas,
• upon the list of pensioners, at tlie rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence the 1st of Jan-
nary, 1864, and to continue dunng Ins natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed foi a thud
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN T. JONES.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to take up the bill
(S. No. 251) for the relief of John T. Jones, an
Ottowa Indian, for depredations committed by
white persons upon his property in Kansas Ter-
ritory.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the-Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which directs that there shall be
paid, under the direction of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, to John T.Jones thesumof#6,700,
in full for depredations committed upon his prop-
erty by white persons, that being the amount ad-
judged by the Commissioner to be the value of the
property destroyed.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from Iowa that this bill has passed
the Senate once before, and there is no written re-
port connected with the bill as it is presented to the
Senate at the present time. There was a report
at some previous session. The committee were
familiar with the case. There is no doubt of the
justice ofthe claim. We under treaty were bound
to pay for depredations committed by white per-
sons; and the amountof destruction of this prop-
erty clearly appeared. The Senator from Kansas
knows personally much of the circumstances.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment. *
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs if this
man lived with his tribe at the time these depreda-
tions were committed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes; he was at the time
connected with the tribe, and has always been
connected with them.
Mr. POMEROY. Ho is a chief of the tribe.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. He is a very respectable
man in the tribe, one that they look up to.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the tribal organization
been kept up?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It was at that time, and
I think is still.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Since then the land
has been divided.
Mr. GRIMES. I should think if at the time
these depredations are said to have been com-
mitted the tribal organization existed the appro-
piiation should be for the benefit of the tribe, for
they owned all things in common as long as that
organization did exist.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No; he had separate
property—a very fine house and store.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. Jones was burnt out
in 1856, and his claim as audited at that time was
§16,000; but the bill passed the Senate some two
years ago for this amount, $6,700. Mr. Jones
thouglit he ought to have $16,000, and told the
committee of the House of Representatives that
he would not take the bill as it passed the Senate.
It was then defeated in the House; that is, it was
not called up; it was defeated by not being called
up. But now Mr. Jones, as a patriotic man, has
sent word to me that in the condition of the coun-
try he is willing to take anything. Though he
considers this sum only about one fourth of what
ho ought to have, he is willing to take the bill as
reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Senator's colleague [Mr. Harlan] investi-
gated the matter very fully, and is very well posted
in regard to it. * .
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The truth is, the original
claim involved speculative damages.
Mr. GRIMES. Who perpetrated those out-
rages ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The border ruffians who
invaded Kansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The army that de-
stioyed Ossawatomie destroyed his property. I
was within a few miles at the time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Kansas if there are any precedents
in the legislation of Congress for paying a claim
like this. It seems to me questionable whether
it comes within any principle heretofore estab-
lished. .
Mr. POMEROY. We have frequently paid
claims of this very character. In the last few
years there have not been any such depredations
committed; they have all been the other way.
We have paid for depredations committed by J&r
dians on whites. We have always paid, those
claims, and when we have made treaties withi&e
Indians generally we have made direct appro-
priations to the whites for depredations commit-
ted by the Indians, But this is a case where the
border ruffian army in 1855destroyed Mr. Jonesfe
property. Mr. Jones is a man who graduated a&
Hamilton College, New York. He is a distin-
guished citizen of my State, liberally educated,
and no man in the State stands Better, He Wrs
rich until his property was destroyed. Since
then he has been a poor man.
Mr. HENDRICKS, This is a hard, case . un-
questionably ; jjut what I want to kno w i , whether
Congress has paid claims for property destroyed
in the border troubles in Kansas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Ifthe Senatorwill allow map
I will state thatatthe time these depredations were
committed the law in relation to the intercourse
in the Indian country and between white citizens
and the Indians was then in existence and un-
repealed, by virtue of which it was provided that
if white persons committed depredations on the
Indians and their property ana it [could not be
ascertained who they were that had committed
them, the Government of the United States should
reimburse the Indians for these depredations,
When these border ruffians were out there' in
Kansas and went to Ossawatomie, as they passed
along back they passed through this reservation
and burned Jones's house and destroyed hisprojfc-
erty. He was a rich, well-to-do Indian and the
chief and leading man of the tribe. We re-
jected the speculative damages and confined it to
what was estimated to be the real damage suffered
by the destruction of the property.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That explanation is satis-
factory to me. I only wanted to know on what
ground it stood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third lime, and passed'.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Committee
on Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 339, and thpt.the
Senate proceed with its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 339) to repeal a joint resolution
entitled "Joint resolution to grant additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department," and for
other purposes. It proposes to repeal the joint
resolution to grant additional rooms to the Agri-
cultural Department. It further directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to assign for the temporary
use of the Commissioner of Agriculture such
rooms in the Interior Department suitable for the
business of the Commissioner and necessary to
enable him to perform efficiently the business of
the office as can be so appropriated with the least
inconvenience to the transaction of other public
business.
It also appropriates $100,000 for the purpose of
erecting a suitable building for the use ofthe De-
partment of Agiicultuie,on any unoccupied pub<-
lie grounds of the United States in the city of
Washington, to be indicated by the President,
and to be expended under the direction of th,e
President; but the whole cost of the erection of
the building is not to exceed that sum. *
Mr. POMEROY. I move to amend the bill
by striking out the third section appropriating
P00,000 to build a new building. 1 do not sup-
pose the Senate want to commence the work of
erecting any new building at this time. That is
the point with me. The other parts of the bill
provide that the Secretary of the Interior shall
give any spare rooms he may have to the Agri-
cultural Department, but I cannot believe that the
Senate will consider at this time a proposition to
appropriate 4100,000 to build a new building.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no doubt but that it
would be true economy to do so. The Depart-
ment is now renting buildings all around through
the city for the occupation of the clerks, and to
enable them to got along with the business ofthe
Government. Tne clerks of the Pension Bureau
and other bureaus of the Interior Department are
now occupying the buildings.around that square
and other places, and 1 have no doubt it would be
true economy to put up a small building. The
