1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon it,.and I think we might proceed with it to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. The House has already
agreed to adjourn overuntil Monday.
Mr. ASHLEY. When did the House do that?
The SPEAKER, At the opening of to-day's
session, on motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. J. C. Allen.]
Mr. DAWES. The reports from the Commit-
tee^pf Elections will be very numerous, and the
committee must have the indulgence of the House
in order to dispose of them.
Mr.SMITH. I submitthe motion to postpone
the further consideration until Tuesday next, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
DEATH 01? HON. JOHN \V. NOELL.
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Speaker, a duty long de-
fcired has devolved on me. I rise to announce the
death of Hon. John W. Noell, late member of the
Thirty-Seventh and member elect to the Thirty-
Eighth Congress. This event, as is well known
throughout the country, occurred directly after
the close of the session, on the 14th of March last.
General Noell was bornr in Bedford county,
Virginia,February22,1816.' Inearlyhfc he*com-
menced his education in an old field school, and,
with a remarkable ambition which urged him to
extraordinary efforts, he soon outstripped his
youthful competitors, and became the equal of his
teacher.
His family emigrating soon after to Missouri,
the young Noell had to assume at seventeen the
responsibilities and position of manhood. He
became overseer for his father, engaged afterward
in merchandising, and at twenty years of age
married the daughter of Hon. Charles Gregoirc,
one of the earliest and most esteemed settlers of
Perry county.
In the course of the changing scenes of westei n
life, Mr. Noell became clerk of the circuit court
of Perry county, and there and then commenced
that close application to the study of.his profes-
sion, the law, which enabled him to cope in after
years with the most brilliant men of the Missouri
bar. Among those gifted men none were more
honored or more beloved than he. Of fine ability,
agreeable presence, gentle and winning manners,
and with a heart fulfof generosity, his career had
ever been successful and full of happiness to him-
self and others.
General Noell first entered public life as a
Whig, having been elected by that party to the
State Senate in 1859. The partiality of his friends
went further, for he was soon aftenvaid nom-
inated as their candidate for the supreme court,
and though the condition of political parties made
his election almost an impossibility, he never-
theless received a large and flattering vote. His
subsequent career is familiar to the coumry. On
the death of Hon. Samuel Caiuthers, member
of Congress from southeast Missouri, he was
elected to succeed him, filled the position at the
next term, and was finally returned by the new
district, created in 18G1, to the Thirty-Eighth
Congress. I need not remind the old members of
this "body of the brilliant record of this favorite
son of Missouri, but I may be permitted to men-
tion that, in addition to the services he rendered
his own district and the country, he was at the
close of the last session the warm fiiend and ster-
ling advocate of every public and piivate interest
of the first congressional or St. Louis district.
We were withouta member in Congress,import-
ant issues were at stake, and, compelled to draw
heavily on the lime and consideration of other
Repiesentatives, we appealed often to this honor-
able gentleman',ourprayers were nevcrunheeded,
and his constant and efficient services were freely
given to us.
It was my good fortune, Mr. Speaker, in this
wny,to know much of the man*, and I should be
ungiateful indeed if I did not bear my humble
testimony to that close attention which he gave
ourevery interest, and which added so much to his
labors during that eventful session. Jiutall of this,
and all that he ever did before in his congressional
career, fades into insignificance when compared
with his services to our State, to union and liberty.
Sir, this nation has been full of sympathy for the
sufferings of the loyal men and women of Mis-
souri, but no tongiu'has spoken, nor pen fitly de-
scribed, the temble otdeul through which they !
have passed, the painful sacrifices they have made,
or the desolation which even now reigns among
the beautiful hills and valleys of southern Mis-
souri. It was theie that treason hud its warmest
advocates, and there that traitors shed the blood
of loyal hearts, banished the Union population
from the soil they loved,and laid waste the homes
made dear and sacred by lung years of peace and
happiness.
General Noell was faithful to his country and
the people who had honored him. When Beaure-
gard opened his batteries on Sumter he lost all
hope of averting war, and employed every power
of his fine mind in soothing the passions of the
border State men and to prevent the storm that
threatened them with ruin. But it availed noth-
ing; for though the secessionists were foiled in
their attempt to organize openly at Camp Jackson,
they had nevertheless sown the evil seeds among a
deluded people. Flags were displayed in every por-
tion of the State, and thousands, tallying around
the standard of Governor Jackson and Sterling
Price, arrayed themselves in open hostility to our
Government. They sought out Noell and be-
sought him to join in a movement that was bound
to be crowned with success, and yield him unfad-
ing laurels. His answer was prompt and-plain.
He told them of his hatred of traitors, and of his
devotion to the precious Union which had been
founded by our revolutionary fathersand so nobly
sustained by their sons. He warned them of the
fate that would flow from their treason, and im-
plored them to be faithful to the Federal Govern-
ment and to the State of Missouri; and thus pre-
vented thousands of his pciiled friends from rush-
ing headlong to destruction, and commenced the
bright iccorcl which only terminated when he was
called from the exciting scenes of this rebellion to
a world where all is bi ightness, and where virtues
cnduie through eternity. Otheis on whom as
graveresponsibilities rested were crushed beneath
the weight of a degraded public opinion, but
" Faithful found
Among the f:ii!hlo-.«, faithful only lie;
Among innumerable false, unmoved,
Unshaken, unseduml, nmmiiml.
IIih Io\ alty ha kept, lus- lov<', hti zeal;
Nor number, nor example, with !inn wrought
To frwei v<: liorn uuth,,or change Ins constant mind,
Though single."
His noblest triumphs, sir, wereacluevcd in this
Hall; here he battled for his country; here he
raised in our darkest hour the standard of eman-
cipation, and by ecaseiess exertions induced this
honoiablc body to vote ^10500u,000 that Mis-
souri's soil should be redeemed from the curse of
slavery, and her rich lands and inexhaustible
mines, the glorious future to which he looked
with longing eyes, be consecrated forever to fiee-
dom and civilization. In a long correspondence
with him during last winter, when the Legisla-
ture of Missouri was about to elect two United
Suites Senatois, and he had been nominated for
one of these high positions by his lnends, I had
an excellent oppoitunity of understanding the pa-
tiiotism which prompted his every action. An
efFoit was made to unite a portion of the Union
party, already unfortunately divided, with the
opposing element, and thus elcct two Senators.
Against such an unholy alliance this uncompio-
mising Unionist protested most warmly, and in
his last letter he wrote to his fncnds:
13 v all mean? pievent Mich a hmiU; let no thought of
me intotftre with tiu: election of two Senators uncondi-
tionally and wholly devoted to the Union."
Such was General Noej.l, and such his imper-
ishable lccord. As a statesman and pntnot, as a
husband and father, no feeble words of mine can
do him justice. The hearts of the loved ones now
beating* with the recollection of his virtues attest,
with touching eloquence, the value of their bright-
est jewel. And here I cannot forbear recording
the testimony of a gentleman in this city, who had
been his trusted friend for years, and who was his
constant and devoted attendant during his last
hours. When I alluded to the strong attachment
which was universally felt for the geneial, he
said: "I cannot speak of him even now without
emotion, i knew him intimately, and no man
had a kinder heart or more gcneious impulses.
His last dollar or his last crust would have been
shared with a fiiend in need. I have known him
to give up matters of the greatest moment to him-
self to piocure employment for the destitute; no
one in disneso ever appealed to him in vain. It
might be truly said of him, 4 he had ,a tear for
pity, and a hand open as day to melting clnuity.'"
General Noell is buried in the midst of that
magnificent portion of Missouri which contains
the valley of Arcadia, and rising from it a lofty
peak of iron known as the Pilot Knob; I might
say almost under the shadow of that wonderful *
formation. No one will ever visit that spot with-'
out feeling that it is a fit resting-place for a man
whose life was filled with beauty, whose charac-
ter was noble, and whose patriotism was of the
grandest type.
{ beg leave, sir, to offer the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the members of the House, from a sincere
desire of showing every maik of respect due to the mem-
ory of ]£on. John W. Norm,, deceased, a member elect to
the present Congress from the third congressional district
of Missouri, will go into mourning by wearing crape upon
the left aun for Unity days.
Resolved unanimously, That as an additional mark of re-
spect to the memoiy o't Hon. John W. Noell, the House
do now adjourn.
Ordered, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions
to the Senate.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I esteem it a
privilege, at the suggestion of my friends from
Missouri, to add my tribute of respect and admi- .
ration to the character of Mr. Noell, and to ex-
press my appreciation of the great loss which this
House and the country have sustained by his
death.
I met him for the first time at the opening of
the Thirty-Seventh Congress, near the beginning
of these dark and troublous days through which
we have been passing, and through the clouds of
which 1 hopefully believe the light begins to dawn,
to break, as I trust, into a brighter future, a
higher civilization, a closer and more cordial
union, wilh all disturbing causes removed.
Being associated with him on an importantcom-
mittee of the House, I soon recognized in him one
of those natural leaders which these times pro-
duce; a noble specimen of the men of the valley
of the Mississippi, stalwart and commanding in
person, genial in disposition, sagacious and bold
in charatter, with a strong, solid common sense
which feailessly grappled with the great issues of
the day.
Representing the great State of Missouri, a
State destined soon to occupy, under the influence
of free labor, the same relation to the States west
of the Mississippi that New York does to the At-
lantic States, he was one among those pioneers
whe^ recognized the truth, that as slavery was the
foundation, "the corner-stone," to use the language
of General Grant, of the rebellion, the quickest
way to end the rebellion was to knock out this
coruer-stune. To this end he labored with a zeal,
energy, and perseverance which have contributed
much toward the success now about to crown tha
efforts of the emancipationists of Missouri.
1 believe to him belongs the distinction of being
the first Representative in Congress from a slave
State to intioduce a bill for the abolition of sla-
very. In December, 38G2, he asked leave to in-
troduce " a hill to secure the abolishment of sla-
very in Missouri," &e.
After encountering much opposition, this bill
was by his zeal and energy and personal influence
canied through the House. 1 am sure I am cor-
rect in saying, to Mr. Noell belongs the honorof
having onginated and carried through this House
the first pi actical measure looking to the abolition
of slaveiy in a slaveholding State.
Mr. Speaker, the soldier who wins battles for
his country is ever the popular idol; liberty ever
hallows his swovd and consecrates the blood shed
in her defense; but the statesman who eradicates
from our nation the cause of this bloody rebel-
lion, who heals the wounds made by this war,
who binds together the fragments of this Union,
and consolidates a homogeneous people into one
grand, free republic, he will live in history even
when ilie heroes of the battle-field are foigotten.
Among such statesmen Not,i.l was a worthy com-
peer. Such were the ends for which he labored:
so grand would have been the realization of his
future. Our regret for his loss is lessened by the
knowledge that his mantle has fallen on worthy
colleagues, who will consummate what he began,
the freedom of Missouri. Slavery 3teadily recedes,
and loyalty advances and occupies its abandoned
positions. Victory and freedom follow the flag.
There was another feature in the public eluir
