1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
It may be said that the expression of such sen-
timents tends to weaken the Union cause. Such
is not my opinion. If men can be made disloyal
by the overthrow of slavery let them take their
position at once. If they intend to defend the in-
stitution in preference to the Union, let it be known.
The alternative will come,and such men will yet
carry reinforcements to the enemy before the war
closes. The alternative cannot be avoided. We
cannot save the institution if we would. We
ought not if we could. Therefore let the elements
of opposition at once combine so that the friends
of the Union may determine upon the best course
to secure peace. If those elements are too strong
to be subdued except at the expense of our own
liberties and the loss of every good for which the
Government was established, the sooner we know
the fact and act upon it the better. If northern
men wish any longer to stand as sentinels and
guards for this institution of slavery, and intend
to oppose the Government unless it be protected,
let us know it. If it become evident that the
friends of slavery are strong enough in this coun-
try to resist ail reasonableefforts to subdue them,
( shall act upon it. lam notprepaied to ruin the
country in a vain effort to do what cannot be
done. Shall this wargoon foiever? Is this com-
mon cry of " the last man and the last dollar"
poetry, patriotism, or braggadocio? Should the
war so on until the public debt equals the entire
wealth of the country? Should the whole capi-
tal of the people be forced into Federal securities,
and these securities made the basis of an irre-
deemable paper circulation ? Should it go on until
misery broods over the whole land; until the civil
authorities shall become impotent, and all rights
of person and property stand at the mercy of mil-
itary power? Should it go on until the members
of the Senate and House of Representatives shall
owe their places here to the bayonet instead of
the ballot-box; until they become as contempti-
ble as the Rump Parliament that so long enacted
the bidding of military usurpation to the over-
throw of the English constitution, to be fimdly
expelled from place by the power they had so
basely served? Should it go on until corruption
and fraud, the necessity concomitants of civil
war, shall have crept into high places and puton
the garb of patriotism; until officers become so
numerous that official patronage may quaiterone
half of the people upon the other half, and give
them the means of perpetuating their own power?
Should it continue until, exhausted, the nation
would welcome the coming of a Cromwell or u
Bonaparte; until provost marshals with military
police shall be stationed at every village in the
northern States, displacing the civil authority,
issuing otders for governing people heretofore
supposed to he able to govern themselves, teach-
ing how God shall be woishiped, prescribing
new and strange offenses, and punishing them by
courts-martial? Should it continue until finan-
cial rum brings-misery, and misery lushes into
anarchy, when no hope but despotism is left?
Mr. President, a few yeais more of civil war,
and the outlines of this picture will be seen. It
cannot be otherwise, It is tin: necessary result
of a long civil strife. Peace parties will spring
up; the war party will denounce them as traitors;
the publication of newspapers will be suppressed,
andfieedomot speech denied; mobs will retaliate;
the blunders as well as the corruptions of the war'
party will tend to strengthen the convictions of
the peace-party; the period being one of violence
each party appeals to violence, the one to hold
the other to obtam power; the ballot-box be-
comes a mockery, a cheat; instead of proclaim-
ing the voice ot a free people it speaks the sub-
dued language of base subserviency or the bold
tones of military despotism.
Such is history. We are not exempt from the
passions and frailties that wove tins web of his-
tory for others. Party pride, blinded vanity, may
think so. These have duven many nations from
the enjoyment of liberty to the profoundest depths
of tyranny. To prevent this state of things we
are all interested; one party not more than an-
other, for when it comes, all parties will suffer
alike. When the Roman legions had subdutd
Carthage, the enemies of Hannibal, who in party
blindness had compassed his defeat, shared the
same fate with his friends. Party revenge may
be satisfied when political enemies come to grief,
tat this in no compensation for a ruined country.
When anarchy comes we are overwhelmed alike.
The Girondist and the Jacobin followed, each
other in rapid succession to the guillotine. The
Royalistaud the Republican, the Piesbyterian and
the-Levcler suffered alike when party divisions
sacrificed the blessings of the revolution, and es-
tablished a despotism for England more loath-
some than Charles had ever proposed.
In this moment of danger let all parties aban-
don the prejudices of the past, and resolve to follow
the dictates of right. Whatever establishes jus-
tice tends to restore the Union. Whatever per-
petuates wrong will continue to disturb our peace.
Let us unite to restore the Union, and if that be
impracticable, let us abandon the war. The Dem-
ocratic party in its better days was strong. It
was irresistible, because the principles it professed
were right. It advocated the largest liberty. It
was a party of progress. If our Government
should ever again be restored to be permanent, the
principles that gave existence originally to that
party cannot be disregarded—I mean the princi-
ples of Jefferson and jackson, and not those ac-
cursed heresiesbrought into itby renegadeWhigs,
apostatized Know-Nothings, and southern sla-
very fanatics of the Yancey,school. When they
came into it they cha-nged its whole character as
thoroughly as the Goths and Vandals changed the
face of southern Europe. It was they who brought
feudalism into the party. Then it lost its language,
and soon forgot the rituals of itsancientworship.
During the administration of Mr. Buchanan itbe-
cume too corrupt to live longer. Upon its dissolu-
tion , those favored leaders who had fattened upon
public plunder during the last daysof its success
knew their conduct had so far disgraced the party
as to prevent its eaily regeneration, and, like all
selfish and unprincipled men, they determined to
look after their own supposed interests without
regard to the public good. If the Union were
dissolved, and a new Government established af-
ter years of bloodshed, their deeds, deserving eter-
nal infamy, would necessarily become hallowed
by the success of the revolution. Without rebel-
lion sustained by force of arms the acts of Floyd
would have been without defenders. He who has
violated the law has but to overthrow the law in
order to avoid punishment. He that has become
infamous has only to induce others to indorse the
deeds that led to his infamy, and suddenly the
stain is removed.
The tendency of our Government now is to
centralize power, to destroy the powers of the
States and make a nation supreme in all things.
This may do in war, hut if tried in peace it will
bring war again. On this subject the Democratic
party is right, and when it shall cense to be the
advocate of African slavery its zeal in behalf of
the liberty of the white man and the true princi-
ples of Government will be properly appreciated.
So long as it comes to minister with unclean hands
the people will not credit the sincerity of its de-
votions. Condemning four million blacks to eter-
nal servitude, in winch the alphabet, the Bible,
and the wages of labor arc denied them, the De-
mocracy will be without favor and shorn of all
power lor good.
The plan now proposed to get rid of slavery
should be without objection to that party. It
surely is not unconstitutional to amend the Con-
stitution. If adopted by the requisite number of
States fvery good citizen must receive it as the
law. The larger proportion of the Union men
in the border States are for it. Those who are
opposed to it will at once acquiesce because it is
law. The Union men in the seceded States will
be rejoiced, for it is only upon an anti-slavery
platform that they hope for ascendency m the
State governments. It will save the people of
those States years of political excitement and
party feuds that would end in emancipation nt
last. The freedom of the slave is "the logic of j
events," and no party can withstand its irresisti- j
ble force. No party ought to be able to with- !
stand it. j
Mr. President, the party in power should re- I
member the past. The responsibility of the pres- j
ent occasion is momentous. Will they be able
to save the Union, and if so, will they save any- j
thing else that is desirable ? These arc plain ques- '
tions, and they ought to be discussed in all can- I
dor. I have never doubted that the rebellion could
be crushed if the proper course of policy were
pursued. But I have always feared that when
the southern leaders, who had so long domineered
over the minority, left these Halls, the political
pendulum would sweep too far to the other side.
Every wrong had been previously committed in
the defense of slavery. It was but reasonable
that thereafter some wrongs might be committed
in the name of anti-slavery. In the days of Louis
XV the French people had been oppressed in the
name of the Chuich. When oppression had been
thrown off, they not only sought and woishiped
the ashes of Voltaire, but mocked the emblems
of the true religion.
I once before stated, and I now repeat the opin-
ion, that if the people of the seceded States were
all united as men are united when inspired by a
just cause, when urged on by convictions of duty
to self, to country, and to God, they could never
be conquered. History furnishes no example of
such athing, and I saw nospecial reason why the
geneial current of experience should be broken
in this case. I thought, however, they could be
conquered, because 1 did not believe they were
united. The aid of the slaves might save them,
but to secure that aid they must free them, and
I did not think the leaders would adopt it. Many
of the southern people thought that slavery was
wrong and wanted it removed; many weie indif-
ferent as to the fate of slavery but had a passion-
ate regard for the Union; while others attached
to slavery loved the Union better than slavery*,
and would sacrifice it if demanded. No one of
them brought complaint of wrong against the
Government itself. The violent had armed them-
selves, and the peaceful had to submit. In the
beginning it was only necessary for us to have
armed the Union men, slaveholders and non-slave-
holders. To do so, it was necessary to march
armies into the seceded States. Instead of do-
ing so, we have undertaken to surround the ie-
bellion with a long and attenuated line of troops
which an active foe has often cut and will as often
cut again. The Union element, protected against
violence, would have snatched their State organi-
zations from rebel control and the Union would
have been restored. The armies of the loyal
States might have returned home and left the
loyal men in the seceded States to crush slavery
and treason together. This plan was notadopted.
Whether it ever will be or not I cannot say. It.
would succeed even yet. For twelve months I
once labored to get u adopted in Aikamsas, and
nearly ruined my political hop^s in doing so. The
success, howevei, of the movement will be my
vindication.
Mr. President, we have expended two thou-
sand millions of treasure; we daily expend three
millions more. The daily destination of property
well-nigh equals the daily expenditure, thereby
decreasing our means of payment in the same
ratio in which the burdens of indebtcdncssere in-
creased. The border States have been ravaged,
desolated, and now their population is flying to
the wilderness Territories of the West to usenpe
the curses of what we call American civilization,
They seek peace, in order that when all else has
been lost the future rewards of labor may he pre-
served for the comfort and support of their fumi^
lies. To the holy purpose of icstoring the Union
we have given a million of lives, and a halfmilhou
brave soldiers now stand ready to add their blood
to the sanguine lake that knows no ftlhag. Re-
bellion is confronting us yet. Is it weaker than
it was? Public opinion says yes. Take the
newspaper press of our country and add up for
yourselves the repoited desertions of i^bel troops
for the last two years, and it equals the oiigmai
militia strength of thcSouth. The sameauthonty
tells us that the rebel armies are in a state of star-
vation, and in the same column reports the de-
struction of commissary stores on the outskirts
of icbeldom sufficient to subsist their armies for
three months. We are told by the reports of
chief engineers and major generals in command
that forts have been leveled by our artillery* have
become a mass of shapeless rums and unavail-
able for defense. These forts, for six months
thereafter, have held in security confederate gar-
risons, and they yet frown defiance at our iron-
clad navies.
For three years the armies of the rebellion have
defied our power. In April, 18GI, the Kxeeutive
and his advisers thought that seventy-five thou-
sand men could suppress the outbreak in three
months. In July, 1861, the Co-ngresa supposed
