418
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
for the danger's sake. The perils and hardships
he'endured, the ambition he cherished, held en-
chained by affectionate solicitude and pride the
other members of the family. They were bound
in sympathy to him, and through him to his
cause. It was owing to these causes that the con-
flict in Missouri assumed such a personal aspect
and grew into a deadly hate between the par-
ties. In neighborhoods, villages, and churches
the people were divided into two parties, each
refusing social intercourse with the other. False-
hoods and slanders were borne backwards and
forwards from each party to the other, and neither
ever took pains to investigate their truth, but be-
lieved and acted on the reports they heard.
It was while the passions of the people were at
this stage that Mr. Noell addressed differentau-
diences in his district before the July session of
Congress, 1861. The name of Republican which
his enemies fastened on him to lessen his influence,
excited the prejudices of the people. Large
crowds came to hear him, but many of them came
with the view of carping at his language and de-
faming him. When he began to speak he was
greeted by jeers or by sullen silence. He grad-
ually won them over, and exerting all the powers
of his eloquence he lifted them above the paltry
schemes of selfishness. He made them foigetall
but their country and its danger. He pictured the
pride and glory of this country—the Government
—the hope of humanity. These were the ablest
efforts of his life. He was fully impressed with
the terrible issues of the rebellion, and in his ap-
peal to their nobler selves he poured out to the
people the yearning of his i-nmost soul for the life
of his imperiled country. Down deep in their
hearts, under a load of prejudice and passioni he
found a chord that vibrated in unison with his
own. Before he was done speaking they testified
their loyalty by wild and enthusiastic shouts of
applause. But,alas! they soon returned to their
old associations, where the poisonous tongue of
slander found no antidote. They soon recovered
back their old prejudices and hated loyalty with
a bitter hate, and singled him out for their male-
dictions. Most of those who had been his per-
sonal friends through life turned against him in
his old age. They to whom his name had hith-
erto been the synonym of every quality which
friendship demanded, now believed false reports
concerning him, and looked with suspicion on all
his acts. Their enmity extended even to his
family, so rankling was their hatred to his loyalty.
It was not until they stood beside his grave that
these life-cherished friends forgave his devotion
to the Government. Those wiio abused him in
life have shed tears to his memory in death; and
many have been heard to say, "He was right and
knew better than we !" Now, as the cloud of fu-
turity lowers darkly over them, they wish in vain
for his eye to see for them and his voice to speak
for them.
In his family circle ho enjoyed himself, and was
the source of enjoyment. He loved his wife pas-
sionately. Having married when both were very
young, they had experienced the vicissitudes of
life, enjoying his prosperity and bearing his ad-
versity together. In his last years the tender pleas-
antries and affectionate caresses which passed be-
tween them denoted the growth of a lifetime of
love. His conduct toward his children was fa-
miliar and affectionate. They stood in no fear
of him, but implicitely obeyed him. With the
larger ones ho conversed affably, entering into
their views, discussing their plans, and giving
them advice. With both large and small he in-
terested himself in all that affected their happi-
ness or touched their feelings. He participated
in their plays, becoming excited and enjoying
with the zest and abandon of childhood ail their
games.
His demeanor toward the people of his county
was the same as toward his own family, and
they in return regarded him as a father or pro-
tector. Among the old men he was the favorite
child of the community . They were proud of his
talents, and gave all their aid to attain what honors
he aspired to. Those of his own age and younger
paid him the homage of confidence and admira-
tion which his character and social temper in-
spired. The people universally loved him for his
virtues, and looked leniently on his faults as lean-
ing to virtue's side. They had recourse to him
on all occasions. In matters relating to his pro-
fession the first thought aftd act was to seek his ;j
advice and assistance. When a cause received his !
sanction his client was satisfied both of its justice j
and legal efficiency In the practice of law as in j
private life his conscience went hand in hand j
with his judgment, and the same inflexible hon- ;
esty governed both his personal conduct and pro- !
fessional advice. The people had recourse to his j
advice notonly in legal matters but all the various I
transactions of life. Those who suffered from j
wrong or misfortune unfolded their grievances :
to him, and always found in him sympathy and ;
assistance. The widow and the orphan and the
unfriended outcast lost a protector when he died, j
Until the last years of his life he was social and |
vivacious in his manners. His animation and
colloquial powers made him the delight of every j
society in which ho moved. Wherever he ap-
peared a crowd gathered around him, andall,from
old age to childhood,enjoyed his company. The
last years of his life were imbittered by the en- j
mities of those politically opposed to him. Until i
this time he had been the idol of all classes. Now
to be estranged from them, and have all the ties
which bound him to them rudely sundered, filled
his mind with grief and anxiety, which probably
shortened his days. But amid this wreck of per-
sonal attachments, there were many who had al-
ways been personal friends though politically op-
posed to him. The cord which bound him to
these was strengthened by a common cause. The
friendship of these, however, nor the rebellious
proclivities of the others, did not prevent his feel-
ing keenly this personal hostility. He became
gloomy, and at times morose. He wandered about
restless and alone, and suffered in silence. He
never shrank from his purpose of loyalty, or re-
gretted any act he had done. Nor did he ever
seek by vindictive measures to inflict pain on those
who persecuted him. As a father whoso children
have brought sorrow'on his gray hairs, he pitied
their delusion, and said they would be grateful to
him years hence.
lie died at Washington, District of Columbia,
March 14, 1863. Ho received all the rites and
sacraments of the Roman Catholic church. He
was raised a Protestant, and only became a Cath-
olic some years after he was married. His wife
was raised a pious Catholic, and through her in-
fluence ho was led to inquire into the doctrines j
and practices of that church, and his inquiry re-
suited in his embracing its faith. Thenceforth
he believed firmly all its teachings, and received at
the hour of death all the comforting assurances it
imparts, llequiescat in pace.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, although my
residence is far distant from the former home and
the giave of the deceased, yet perhaps a some what
intimate friendship with him mayjustify me in add-
ing n few words to what has been so eloquently
said by the gentlemen who have already spoken. I
first became acquainted with him on this floor. I
soon learned to respect him. He had but little am-
bition to acquire fame as a public speaker, but he
was anxious so to discharge his duty as to preserve
a conscience void of offense. His modesty pre-
vented his making long orations for the mere pur-
pose of being huaid; but. when he did speak, his
manner was pleasing and his reasoning sound. In-
deed, but very few men could make an abler argu-
ment in a moreattractiveform. But hischiefglory
must restonhisdevotion to liberty, his love ofjus-
tiee, and his defense of the rights ofevery race and
of every class of men. Although others more
favored by education and associations may have
been earlier advocates of univcisal liberty, yet
when some future Tacitus shall write the history
of this eventful period, he will record onits bright-
est page in golden capitals that John W. Noell,
of Missouri, was the first member fiom a slave
State who introduced in Congress a hill to abolish
slavery.
So conscientious was he that in that bill he
asked but $10,000,000 for the immediate libera-
tion of all the slaves of his State. And when that
bill was returned from the Senate, appropriating
$20,000,000 for gradual emancipation, he declared
it unjust, and, as it prolonged slavery and post-
poned emancipation, he refused it his support". He
was not one of that dignified and conservative
class that ran bear the miseiy and oppression of
others with such graceful fortitude. He was not
sufficiently philosophical to understand how the
best way to educate bondsmen for freedom was
to prolong theirlslavery.
He did not live to see the consummation of the
great object of his heart. Other men more elo-
quent than he may have been called to the bar of
judgment, but no man ever appeared before that
dread tribunal with more numerous and ardent
advocates. His advocates were the oppressed of
every nation, the crushed of the satanic institu-
tion of slavery.
Who would not rather take his chance in the
great day of accounts before "that JCidge who is
the acknowledged Father of all men than the
chance of ordained hypocrites, miserable wretches
who, professing to hold a commission from on
high, impiously proclaim slavery a divine insti-
tution? , 6
The resolutions were agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes past two o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 1, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland,
The Journal of Thursday last was read and ap-
proved.
RESIGNATION OF MR. BAYARD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to presentacommunication to the Senate. Itwili
be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Washington, D. C., January 30, I8G4.
Sir: I will thank you to communicate to the Senate the
fact that I resigned my scat in the Senate of the United
States on yesterday, and have been informed that my suc-
cessor lias been chosen by the Legislature.
I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient
seivant, J. A. BAYARD.
Hon, Hannibal IIamlin,
Vice Pi esi'lent of the United Slates.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
receive the communication until after the last ad-
journment.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the credentials of
Hon. George Read Riddle, elected a Senator
by the Legislature of the State of Delaware to fill
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Hon.
James A. Bayard; which were read, and ordered
to be placed on the files of the Senate.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the permission of the Sen-
ate to make a personal explanation,which will con-
sume but a few minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky asks the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate to make a personal explanation. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the explanation
which I desire to make, and which the Senate has
courteously allowed me to make, grows out of
the remarks made by the honorable Senator from
Maine [Mr. Morrill] on the resolution for my
expulsion. In the progress of his romaiks, that
honorable Senator referred to my course on the
resolution to expel Mr. Biight,a *foimcr member
of the Senate from the State of Indiana, and also
to my course on a resolution to expel my honor-
able colleague. He also referred to a series of
resolutions which I offered at a former session,
and to a bill which I introduced as a substitute for
the confiscation bill that had been reported by a
committee of the Senate. I think, with all due
courtesy and kindness to the Senator from Maine,
that in his manner of doing those things he forgot
that justice and that magnanimity which so pecu-
liarly belong to him, in having omitted so much
of what I did say in relation to each of those mat-
ters as was nccessary to understand my position
and course on each, and procure for me a just
judgment.
In my support of the resolution for the expul-
sion of Senator Bright', 1 assumed this general
position most distinctly—I have not rccurml to
the remarks which I made on that occasion, but
they embodied my principle in relation to that
subject, and I state it with perfect confidencc: I
admitted that a Senator could not be expelled for
his opinions; I admitted that a Senator could not
be expelled for his words in debate or not in de-
bate; I assumed the position that a Senator could
only be expelled for his acts; and,in conformity
