1864.
the congressional globe,
for his aaorobation, and to let the finding be car-
ried into execution without sending to the Pres-
ident for an approval of it. That is the iaw now
as to many offenses. The department command-
ers have authority by existing laws to carry into
execution the findings of courts-martial and mil-
itary commissions in a nufnber of instances; but
the department commanders have not authority
to carry into execution the judgments of the
courts in other cases. The object of this bill is
not to create a new'offense, not to punish anybody
as a guerrilla or otherwise who is not punishable
by existing laws, but simply to do away with the
delay occasioned by sending all the findings of
these courts to Washington to be approved of by
the President before the finding is carried into
execution. That is the whole of it. There is
no creation of a new offense by this bill. The
first seven lines have reference to an existing law,
and the eighth line commences in these words:
And hereafter the commanding general In tile field, or
tlie commander of the department, as the case may be,
shall have power to cairy into execution all sentences
against gucirillas for robbery, arson, buiglary, rape, assault
with intent to commit rape, and l'or violation ol' the laws
and customs of war, as well as sentences against spies,
iiiutincoi&, Ue&erteiSj and muiderers.
The only change from existing law is to allow
the department commander to carry into execu-
tion the finding of the court in the cases named,
as well as in the case of spies and deserters.
Mr. WILLEY. [ so understood the bill. The
Senator from Illinois misinterpreted me if he sup-
posed I was opposing tfie bill. I was opposing
that portion of the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana which proposed to exclude my State for
instance—I spoke for that only—from the opera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana by add-
ing, "and whose operations shall be conducted
according to the laws of war." I hope the Sen-
ator will accept that.
Mr. JOHNSON. What the laws of war are
in cases of this description there are a variety of
opinions about. The rebel authorities suppose
(and I regret to say that in some instances 1 think
they are right) that some of our officers and
soldiers have not conducted themselves according
to the laws of war; and if we permit ourselves
to judge of what are the laws' of war under the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, and we are found executing those who are
doing what they are being tried for doing under
the authority of the confederate government, they
will do the same thing as against our men, and the
result will be retaliation on both sides. I think
it would be better, if the honorable member
would concur with me, that he should withdraw
his amendment and let the bill stand as proposed
to be amended by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. TRUMHCJLL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Maryland what necessity
there is for the proviso of the Senator from In-
diana. This bill does not create any offense. I
have not understood that there was any com-
plaint or any trouble as to the character of the
offense; and why not leave that just as the law
now stands? It is not proposed to amend itatall.
We have not understood—at least I have not—that
there has been any difficulty which this proviso
would settle.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am told there has been
difficulty in point of fact. Two or three men
have been hung or shot who it was said should
not have been treated in that way. I am as will-
ing to leave it to the authorities as anybody else;
but although it may be that the Judge Advocate
General understands what a guerrilla is, it is by
no means true (because the honorable member
from Massachusetts has not told us what the un-
derstanding of the Judge Advocate General is)
that his understanding of it is our understanding;
and it is still less probable that his understanding
of it will be found to be the understanding of the
several commissions who are to try these offenses.
There is nothing in this bill, however, which au-
thorizes the trial of any offenses which could not
be tried before. As I understand it, it gives to
the military commission the authority to try the
same offenses as court-martials could try now.
The diflfeieiiee between what the law now in and
what it will be in addition to that particular is,
that the sentence is to be carried out, although it
may be capital, without the consent of the Pres-
ident. Upon that there is no difference of opin-
ion, I understand, in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any objection particularly to the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana; I do not see any my-
self; but inasmuch as this bill did not create any
new offense, I thought it was just as well to leave
it as it was, and not undertake to put on a limit-
ation now unless there had been some difficulty
in the practical operation of the existing law, and
I was not aware that there was any, which this
amendment would be likely to obviate. My un-
derstanding of the bill is that it is not intended
to apply to the cases of persons who are in the reg-
ular organized service of the rebels.
Mr. WILSON. That is the understanding of
it ceitainly. I do not know that it will do any
harm to put it in here in the shape of a proviso,
although I do not think it necessary.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is safer to put it in.
Mr. "WILSON. It maybe safer,but it is cer-
tainly understood to refer to persons not regularly
in the service of the confederate States in the
army. One person who was in that service, the
murderer of General McCook, was captured as a
prisoner and has been tried and ordered to be ex-
ecuted. The Government has taken this ground:
the offense was committed before he was in the
service, when he was acting as a guerrilla, without
authority; and he lias been tried, although he be-
longed to the rebel army when captured, and has
been sentenced, and is awaiting simply an exam-
ination by the President to order his execution.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs if he is not aware that these guerrillas are
organized 111 the rebel service, that they are or-
ganized as partisan rangers and commissioned
as such. We have had some of them twice cap-
tured and twice paroled, and among them one of
the most notorious guerrillas in our neighborhood.
They are for the most part men who were scoun-
drels before the war, timber thieves, as we call
them in the country, men who had plenty of pork
in the winterand no hogs in the summer. [Laugh-
ter.] And yet these men, who are constantly
committing their depredations within thirty or
forty miles of where I live, in northwestern Vir-
ginia, are under regular commission as partisan
rangers. We passed a law in our State to pun-
ish them, but when they are taken the United
States claim them as prisoners of war, and to avoid
difficulty in the exchanges they have generally
been given up. If some amendment like that
whiGh has been offered by the Senator from Cali-
fornia could be adopted, to aild if necessary a new
description here, 1 think it would be of service.
So far as regards these partisan bands who roam
about and do these things which the laws of war
do not warrant, we ought to have the privilege,
when we can catch them, of putting them where
they will do so no more.
Mr. CONNESS, Such has been my under-
standing in regard to these partisan bands. My
opinion is that they have been authorized by the
so-called confederate government. I think there
is scarcely a doubt about that. Tiie Senator from
Massachusetts says a good many of them are. I
think there is no doubt but that they have plaeed
them under orders for the very purpose of saving
them, and in case we should punish them for their
infamous crimes and excesses making a claim
against us for the act.
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Illinois that there is no ne-
cessity for the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana; that there is no new crime created by
this bill. There is simply a mode provided for
punishing crimes of a scandalous and heinous
character, violative of all the laws that govern
civilized warfare. The eourtsthatare to try these
offenses will understand the question,understand
the laws of war, understand the jurisdiction given
them by this bill. But if you are going to add
the proviso of the Senator from Indiana and adopt
it, that no matter whatcrimethesegucrrillas may
commit, no matter in what manner they may
carry on the war, or what acts they may perpe-
trate, if they are under orders by the so-called
confederate government they are not to be sub-
jected to trial and punishment, then I think you
should amend the language so that they should
be held, if under orders, to observe the laws of
civilized warfare. Those are well understood;
The military commission into whose hands they
would fall for trial or be brought before will un-
derstand the entire case. I hope the amendment
I have proposed will be adopted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that I have Modified
my amendment at the suggestion of the Senator
from Illinois by inserting the word " regularly "
before "authorized," so as to say that the term
guerrilla shall not be understood to include per-
sons who are in the regularly authorized force of
the rebellion. I certainly have no sympathy
with the class of persons who are to be punished,
but I do have a sympathy for our own soldiers
who are in the field who are likely to suffer if we
by law or otherwise depart from the usages and
principles of war. 1 sljail not vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, because I
think it is likely to cause troublesome questions.
Suppose that one of our soldiers were taken from
the regular service a prisoner by the South; they
put him to death; refuse to treat him as a pris-
oner, and then when we call on the authorities
there to know about it and proceed to retaliate
for it, we are told that the soldier was-not con-
ducting himself as a soldier ought, that his oper-
ations were not according to the usages of war.
Would we receive that as a sufficient answer? I
do not know how this question is, but the Gov-
ernment has treated the army of the South as a
belligerent, that the persons taken in warare to be
treated as prisoners of war. That has been de-
cided. Now the question is, whether we ought
to say that any of the soldiers of the South taken
in acts not authorized by the usages of war shall
be put to death because of that. 1 think it is a
doubtful question, and perhaps will give some
trouble. The Senate can do as they like about
it. I have but little care about it.
Mr. CONNESS. It is not proposed to put
them to death. Their punishment will entirely
depend on the degree of excesses they may com-
mit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
from the chairman of the committee whether he
understands the view of the Administration to be
that a soldier who is a regular soldier, authorized
by his Government, taken in an act not author-
ized by the usages of war, may then be treated
otherwise that as a prisoner of war. To illus-
trate: I noticed in a letter which was read by my
colleague yesterday from a gallant colonel from
Indiana, that he spoke in the course of his letter
of having been directed to burn a town, and the
soldiers went into one of the private houses and
took the silver-ware. It was afterwards charged
before the McDowell investigation that the silver-
ware was not accounted for by Colonel Slack.
He says in his explanation that it was taken by
the soldiers, and by some lieutenant was hid m
the ground. Certainly this thing of making war
on private property, stealing private property on
either side, is not according to the usages of war;
but if.a soldier be taken doing an act not author-
ized by the usages of war, is he to be treated as a
criminal or as a prisoner of war? That whole
question ought to be understood when we vote
upon the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the Govern-
ment, as stated by the Senator from West Virginia,
treats even these wandering bands of robbeis and
murderers who are regularly in the service as
prisoners of war when they were captured. They
have been delivered up as such. When we have
captured men belonging to Mosby's gang we
have treated them, I think, as prisoners of war.
We have so treated similar bands in other parts
of the country. These guerrillas are a class of
men who are fighting on their own hook, who
fight their own battles. They are generally men
who are acting from revenge or from the desire
to plunder, arid they are committing ail sorts of
offenses. At the present time they are exceed-
ingly formidable in middle Tennessee, overrun-
ning everything, murdering men everywhere.
They are very strong in portions of Kentucky,
and they are strong in Missouri. Undoubtedly
mixed with them are some persons who are reg-
ularly in the rebel service; butlsuppose it is the
practice of thfe Government when it finds that
