1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
to that principle, I based my remarks and vote
for his expulsion expressly upon the ground that
he had written a letter, as I conceived, treasona-
ble in its character, to the president of the south-
ern confederacy, recommending to him a man who
claimed to have invented a most valuable improve-
ment in the manufacture of arms, and also upon
the fact that he had uniformly opposed and voted
against all supplies to enable the Government to
carry on the war against the rebels.
The honorable Senator from Maine then ad-
verted to the project of a confiscation act. That
bill was introduced by me in the form of an amend-
ment, as a substitute for the bill that had been re-
ported by a committee of the Senate, and it was
based upon these three principles: first, it was en-
tirely prospective in its character; second, it was to
be adjudged and executed only by the civil courts of
the country, according to the forms and modes of
trial prescribed by the Constitution; third, the for-
feiture which it declared was of all the pioperty
of traitors, their aiders and abettors, for the exclu-
sive benefit of the loyal citizens whose property
had been destroyed by the rebellion, and it pro-
ceeded to no other extent. I did not introduce in
it the feature that the forfeiture should be limited
to the lifetime of the delinquent, because I thought
it unnecessary. I adhere to the principle as laid
down by Judge Story, and I hold to it now, that
the courts of the country would decide that any bill
forfeiting property would in its effect be limited
by the Constitution, whether in relation to real or
personal estate, to the lifetime of the delinquent.
I believe so yet. **"
The Senator adverted to my course on the res-
olution for the expulsion of my colleague. I beg
leave to make this remark upon that matter: my
colleague and myself previous to that time only
casually met, but we always met with the cour-
tesies of gentlemen; and a truer and more unex-
ceptionable gentleman, as I stated in effeetduring
that debate, 1 had never met m all my personal
associations, and that I had never heard a single
individual speak unkindly or disparagingly of
him. When the subjects connected with tins in-
suirection and war had been before Congress at
pi cvious sessions, as I stated the other day, I was
at home entirely absorbed in the pursuit of my
profession, i then read to a very limited extent
the debates of the Senate and of Congress, and I
had never rcadanyofthespeeches of my colleague
on those subjects. Since then I have learned cer-
tainlyand satisfactorily his true political position.
When I came from the State of Kentucky and took
a seat in this body, the general opinion in my own
State and myownopimon was that my colleague,
in his sentiments and piinciples, was a nullifier
and a secessionist, and that he had strongly sym-
pathized with the propagators of both of those
heresies, and that he had sustained the action of
the g( ntlemen who left the Senate Chamber to go
to their own States for the purpose of inaugura-
ting a rebellion against the Government, lam
now, as 1 was not then, fully satisfied that in re-
lation to all these points the grossest injustice
was done to my colleague. T have no doubt, as
he has since icpeatedly declared in this Chamber,
that he is not and never was a nullifier or seces-
sionist in principle or action or sympathy, and
that he peisevermgly and earnestly opposed se-
cession in his conferences with those ftiends, and
protested and entreated with the seceding Seua-
tois against their depaiture fiom the Senate; and
if his counsels, and his urgent counsels, to them
could have pre\ailed, those gentlemen would never
have left the Senate Chamber. I am satisfied now
that my colleague is as much opposed to seces-
sionist! and to itssuccess as I am,and that then, j
as now, we only diffeted as to the manner by
which this great and most mischievous movement |
should be met and tieated. I was then ior coer-
cion, as 1 still am. My colleague was against
coercion, because he assumed that men and ar- i
mies acting undei the authority and command of
State governments were not properly the subjects
of Federal coercion, and that it would widen the
breach and probably render the separation final
and forevei; and he thought that the true mode
of treating it was not by arms, but by fiiendly
counsel with the people and their leadeis in the
seceding States.
x\ow, i\i r. President, with near three long years
of bloody and tcrnble experience in relation to this
matter, and the dark and threatening future befoie
u«, 1 here declare explicitly, that the wisest and
best and most patriotic men in the land may well
doubt whether the position of my colleague against
military coercion was not right, and whether the
true mode of treating this great schism and re-
bellion was not by refraining from the shockMof
arms and appealing to patriotism, fraternity, and
the interests of the great sections of the United
States. Upon that proposition I doubt now myself.
If I had had then the same lights which I now
have, I neither would have spoken nor voted foi
the expulsion of my colleague.
But there was another matter to which my hon-
orable friend referred—I call him so, for [ have
always been proud so to denominate him, and I
still entertain feelings of the most perfect kindness
and respect toward him. ThcSenator from Maine
read one portion of the concluding resolution of a
series of resolutions which I offered about two
years ago, the effect of which was to give those
who heard what he did read an impel feet and a
very unjust and injuiious view of the tenor of
those resolutions, the whole of them, and even
the one from which he read but a pait. When
my honorable friend read it, the Senator from
Massachusetts who sits furthest from me [Mr.
Sumner] was so gratified, transported by the seem-
ing inconsistencies and contradictions m which it
involved me, that I was really apprehensive atone
time that he would expire in a paroxysm of de-
light. 1 will now read those resolutions for the
purpose of showing my true position. They wore
offered on the 13th day of February, 1S62. The
honorable Senator from Massachusetts to whom
I have just referred had on the 11th of the same
month offered this series of resolutions, which I
will first read:
Resolutions declaiatoiy ot the iclatioii* between the United
State•  and the teiritory once occupied by cerium State.-,
and now u.-ui pod in pi< tended government^ u ithout con-
stitutional or legal light.
YVIicteas certain States rightfully belonging to the Union
ot the United .States have thiough "their respective govern-
ments wickedly undeitaken to ahiuieail those duties by
which their connection with the Union was maintained;
to icnounce all allegiance to ihe Constitution; to levr wat
upon the national Government; ami ioi ihe consummation
or tixt.-. ti< a^on have unconstitutionally and unlawiultv con-
ledeiated log< the!, w ith the deelai ed pui po.-c ol putt m man
end by force to the Mipieniacy of the Constitution witlnti
their iexpert:ve limit-;- aiul wln-i ea^ this condition of m-
'-mrection, organized by pietended government-, openly
ni South Catolina, Georgia, i-'lotida, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Ai Kansas, Venue-see. and Vn-
ginia, except in Eastern Ti nne>s(>e and Wcrtein Vii;.'inia,
and has been fleclai ed by the Pi evident of t he United Slates,
in a pioclamation duly made m couiotuiiiy with an act of
Congiess, to exi>t tin oughout this tei utoiy, with the excep-
tion aheady named ; and wheiea- the evten-n o f'nuioiy
tlm- u-uiped by the-c pnteiuhd go\tinnient* and oiaati-
)7ed into a hostile enntedeiaiioii belongs to ihe United
Stale , as ;;n um pniabh- p.ut tin icof. uudei ibe vm< tion<
ot the C.m-titntion, to be held in tiu-a lot the inhabitants
in the pi. -sent and tut are genei ation-, and i-. >-(i completely
iuU'ilmlo'd with the Union that U i* toievev di pendent
ther' upon ; and u heieas the Cop -titution, which n the ^u-
pieuie law o! the land, cannot be displaced in in ughtful
opciation within tins teiutoiy, but must ever continue the
Mipieme law theteol nous nh-tandingtbe do.tms ol am pi in-
tended covei ninent- aef um singly oi hi eonfc delation, m
ordet to put an end to its supiemacv ThcreSote,
i. Jlcsolvctl, That anv vote of m'o^mdii oi otln ract by
which any State may undeitak' to put an end to the t-u
piomaey of the Constitution u ithin its teiutoiy js liiopei-
ative and void nganisf the Constitution, and when sus-
tained bv toiec it becomes a ptactic.il abdication by the State
ot ail i ights undei the Constitution, while the tieason w Inch
it involves 5>tiil lurijiei woihsan in-taut jotjuluro of all
tiio-e functions and poweis essential to the eontmucd e\-
nfem o of the State a- a body-politic, f o that fiom that time
foiward tiie terutorv falls undei the exclusive iimsdieimu
ofCongu-ss as other teiutoiy, and the State hemir, accoid-
mg to the language ot t!'e law, Wo tits j>e. reason to <.Vi-t.
•> ResoIr<><1, That any eonilunaiion ot men a—aiming to
act ni the place of .such" State, and attempting to in-rare
or cocice the inhabitant- Iheico* into a eonf- del a lion ho--^
tile to tli' Union is i c'ik lhoiH, tie,i-onable. and de-titute ot
nil moial anthouu : and that .-uch combination is a irnm-
rition incapable ot any constitutional existence and utteih
law !c-s. v() that eveiything dependent np.m it is without
constitutional oi leaal Mippoit.
'A.'Rewired, That the leinunanon of a State unde> the
Constitution neces-:uily causes ihe t<j!nnna!ion of those
pci tiliar local institutions wiiuh, having no ojigi'i m the
(Jonstitiuton or in thos-e natiual iighH which ovist inde-
pendent of the Ctn.-ttfuuon, an; uphehl b\ the ^ole and
exclusive autlionty ot the Slate.
4. Revolt c,l, Th.it slaveiy, hemg a pccidiai ioe.d in -titu-
tion, del ived fiom local law-, wit bout any oi igin m the Con-
stitution or in n um al l :ghts is upneld by tue sole ard C\-
chi-ivo authority ot the State, and mu-t tlu icfon; c.a-M' to
e^ is? legaliv o' con.stdnti<nia)ly hen tiie Suae on winch
U depend- no h.ugei e\i,-t-; loi the nicident cannot survive
the pimc'pa!.
5. Revyirni, '1'hat in the e\eiei-e of us (^clu-ive iiUH-
dietioii ovei Uie rejiitoiv «j;ice occupied hv tin- States it is
the duty of Coii.'ii'v to ^c-e unit thesupi i mae\ ol the Con-
fstmuion i? maintained m its j'-^ential ptmei{)Ies, o that
everywhere in this extensive territory sJavqry shall cease
to exist practically, as it has ahcady ceascd tocxist consti-
tutionally or legally.
(j. Resolved^ fhatany recognition of slavery in such ter-
utoiy, or any surrender of slaves under the pietended Jaws
ot the extinct Snvtes by any oliicer of the United States,
civil or military, is a recognition of the pretended govern-
ments, to the exclusion of the jurisdiction of Congiess un-
der the Constitution, and is in the nature of aid a'ndcomfort
to the lebellion that has been oiganizcd.
7. Rcsohci\ Thatany&uchieeognitionofslaveryorsur-
render of pretended slaves, besides being a looognition of
the pretended governments, giving them aid and eomftul,
is a denial oi the lights of poisons who, bv the extinction
of the Stare-', have become (ieo, so that, under the Consti-
tution, they cannot again he enslaved.
H. Resohcl, That allegiance from the inhabitant and pro-
tection fiom t lie Government me cot responding obligations,
dependent upon each othei, that while the allegiance of
evciy inhabitant of this tenitory, without distinction of
eoloi ot cha^s, i* due to the United States, and cannot in
any way be defeated by the action of any pietended gov-
ernment, ot by an> pictcn^e of property oi claim to service,
the eoiiospondiug obligation ot pioteetion is atlltcsame
time due by tin; United Stale* to evciy hueb inhabitant,
Without distinction of c olor or cla«--i; and it follows that in-
habitant* held a-s! ive>, whose pat amount allegiance is due
to the United States, may justly look to the national Gov-
ernment tor pioteclion.
9. Resolved, That the duty directly east upon Congress
by the extinction ot tiie States is reinfoieed by the positive
pioiubitiou of the Constitution that " no State shall enter
into any eonledeiation," oi " without the consent of Con-
gress keep tioopb or ships of wat in tune of peace, or enter
into anv agteement or compact with another State," or
'■'giant letteis ofinairjue and lepii-al,3' or"coin money,"
or " emit hills of credit," or<£ without the consent of Con-
gicss lay any dutie< on unpoits or exports,''' all of which
have been done by these pietended governments, and also
by the positive injunction ot the Constitution, addressed to
the nation, that " the United States shall guaranty to every
State in this Union a republican foun ol governmentand
that in puisuance ol thi? duty cast upon Congicss, and fur-
thci enjoined by the Constitution, Congiess will assume
complete juiisdiction ot such vacated teiutoiy wheic such
uuvon-uuuinnal and illegal things have been attempted,
and will pioeecd to e«.tahlis>h theiein lepnblicaii forms of
goveinment iindei the Constitution ; and in the execution
of this ti ust will pi ov h!c caiefullv ioi the pioteetion of all
the inhabitant- Micieof, foi the secuuty ot families, the or-
ganization of labor, the encouragement of nidnstiy, and the
wcltaie ot society, and will in evety way dischaige thfrdu-
ties ot ajust, nieiciiul, and paternal government.
To nutny of tbo principles of-that series of reso-
lutions I gave my heaity consent then, and I do
now, but from many of them I dissented, toto
ccelo; ami on the second day after thuy were of-
fried by the lionoiablc Hi-nutor from Massachu-
setts, I proposed my scries, in tSie language of
King James T, as a " counterblast," and 1 will
now road them:
I. Resolve!, That the Constitution of the United States
is the fundamental law of the Government, and the powers
c-tabh<hed and gmntod, and as paired out and vested by it,
the limitations and ie.stnetions which it impo-es upon the
legislative, executive, and judicial depanmeiits, and ihe
States, and ihe n ht-, pnvi'ege-, and libeiucs- which it
a-Mtie-. m (he people ol the llnited States, and the States
i e-pcctivC'h , aic lived, permanent, and immutable through
all tiie pha-c< oi pe.ice and war. until changed by the power
and in the mode procubed by the Constitution itseli ; and
the}' cannot be ale og.ui d, ic-hkled, enlaigi d, oi difieicntly
appoi tiom'd, or ve-ted, by any ol hei power, or m any other
mode.
'2. Jlcsolveil, That between the Goveininentand tiie citi-.
7.en the obligation ot pioteetion and obedience toun mutual
right- and obligation.- ; and to enable evciy citizen lo per-
lOiin his obligations of obedu-tiee and iojalty to the Gov-
crmncnt it should give him le.isouable pioteetion and secu-
rity in such pei tmniance ; and when the Government fails
in "that (aspect, for it to hoid the cit.zen to be cimiinal in
not p( rfounmg bin duties of loyalty and obedience would be
unju-t. inhuman, and an oulmge upon tbisageof Chiistiaa
civilization.
3. RaolreJi Tfiat it any poweis of the Constitution or
Gov .'inmeiit ot the United Stale-, <n ot the Slates:, Or any
i !ght-2. pi ivtiege^, inmoniitiC i, and hbeuu-s ol the people of
the United States, or the Stc.'te-., are, or may hercafiet he,
suspended b\ the e\i;-tence ot this wai, oi by any ptomui-
gauon of muitial law, or by the t-u-pcn-'ion of tiie wnt of
habeas immediately upon the teiinitiaiion oi the war
such poweis. iights, privileges; immiinUKs, and liberties
would b" ie-unicd, and would have fojcc and t fleet as
though thev had not been suspended.
4. Resolved, That the duty of Congie<s to guaianty to
evety Stare a lepubkcan foun or roveimnont, to piotect
each of them ag.unst m\ asion. and,on the appliention of the
L< grlatuie oi Executive theieof, against domestic violence,
and to enfoiee the authority, Constitution, and laws of the
Uniieil State, in all the State*, aic eon.-lituiionai obliga-
tion- which abide all limes and circumstances.
f>. Resolved, That no State can, Ly any \ote of sece^ion,
or bv ieb( llion against the jiutlioi ny. Cotistnution, and laws
of the United StaUs-, oi by any other act,abdicate her lights
oi obligations undei that Constitution or tho-e laws, or ab-
• olvc hei people fiom theii ob ,dionce to them, or the "United
Siat'.'« f'om their obligation to guaiantvto f-ueb State a
repubifeau fie-m of ge.veipment, aiul to protect her pcopta
b> causing the due en'oicenient within her territories of
toe authoi ity, Con-titution, Mid laws of the United States.
6. Reso'ic,', '1'! at there cannot b<* any forfeiture or eon-
fi.-catnui <n the i,gats of poison oi pioperty of any citizen
o! ilie United Stares who is loyal and obedient to the au-
tlionty, Constitution, and laws thereof, or of anv peison
whatsoever, unless tor acts which the lawhas previously
