1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1465
retain hers after limiting the political power to one
fourth of her present voting population.
Bull have not time nor inclinationto pursue
this subject further, I have perhaps said enough.
Let this amendment be adopted, and let slavery agi-
tation , with all its errors and its consequent curses
to the country, cease. That agitation has brought
upon us untold miseries. It has given us a war
which we cannot bear to have repeated. It may
be that the money to be expended by us must
equal the amount wrung ft-om the sinews of the
slave; it may be that the anguish and tears of this
war must equal the anguish and tears of the Af-
rican in his long captivity. If the measure of our
iniquity was full, let us hope the measure of our
retribution is also full. Let the iniquity be cast
away. The cup of misery may be at once with-
drawn. It can be no worse. I confess I see no
probability of restoring the Union with the insti-
tution of slavery remaining. I wish the Union
restored, but I confess also I do not desire the
perpetuation of slavery. I will notbeintimidated
by the fears of negro equality. The negro may
possess mental qualities entitling him ton position
beyond our present belief, [f so, I shall put no
obstacle in the way of his elevation. There is
nothing in me that despises merit or envies its
rewards. Whether lie shall be a citizen of any
one of the States is a question for that State to
determine. If New York or Massachusetts or
Louisiana shall confer on turn the elective fian-
cliise, it is a matter uf policy with which I have
nothing to do. The qualification of voters for
members o.f Congress is a question under the ex-
clusive control of the respective States. What-
ever qualifications are prescribed by the States
for electors of the lovvei branch of the State Legis-
latures, the same are constitutionally prescribed
for electors of members of Congress. Senators
are chosen by the State Legislatures, and the
people of each State determine the qualifications
of voters for both branches of the Legislature.
The manner of choosing presidential electors is
left to the Legislatures of the States. So in pass-
ing this amendment we do not confer upon the
negro the right to vote. Wegive him no right ex-
cept his freedom, and leave the rest to the States.
I will not he deterred from doing an act of sim-
ple justice from fear of the consequences. )t is
impossible thatgreatevil should spring fiom such
acts of justice. We may not be able now to solve
the many problems that universal emancipation
may present. No more can we solve the vety
difficult one presented by slavery in this war.
The evils of amalgamation and consequent dete-
rioration of race are often presented as insuper-
able objections to the proposed amendment. Such
evils may be great, but unless it he certain that
the freedom of the slave will increase these evils,
no such objection can be well sustained; but if
that fact weie certain, it must yet be settled that
these evils will be greater than those of this cause-
less and bloody rebellion. When the miscegen
race shall bring civil war of three years duration
upon the country, I for one shall be willing to
prohibit amalgamation by law or constitutional
amendment. Until then I shall disregard any such
objections.
Hoping, Mr. President, thatthis measure may,
in the providenceof God, bring? about the speedy
reunion of a dissevered and bleeding country;
that it may lay the foundations of a lasting peace,
upon which national fieedom may be built in na-
tional strength; and that it may prove to be the
era in our history from which to date the begin-
ning of a " more perfect Un-ion"—a Union ce-
mented in the affections of the people—I leave it
with Congress and the States.
Mr. WILSON. It is nearly four o'clock,and
I think it desirable to have an executive session
to-night.
Mr. SUMNER. Before my colleague moves
that the Senate go into executive session, I should
like to say a word. It will be remembered by
the Senate that I have made more than one prop-
osition bearing on this subject, which are now on
the table of the Senate. I had no purpose at first
to take any part in the debate more than simply
to move the amendments of which I have already
given notice; but as the debate has gotie^ on, its
interest has increased, and I confess <i desire to be
heard upon it befoie it closes. I would rather
not go on this afternoon, and, as I understand my
colleague has business which he wishes to call
up in executive session, I content myself with ex-
pressing my personal desire to go on to-morrow
at one o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Under ordinary circum-
stances I should not object to the honorable Sen-
ator having another day in which to take part in
this discussion; but we all know that on the fruit-
ful topic which has been discussed upon this joint
resolution, it is very easy for a gentleman who
has a speech that he desires to deliver to deliver
it on some other occasion. The occasion will not
be lost. I feel, for one, after all that has occurred
in the Senate on this subject and the part taken
by the friends of this measure—and in that I be-
lieve my honorable friend from Massachusetts
joined—that it is wiser for us to close this matter
to-night.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before that motion is put,
I wish to say that individually 1 should certainly
be very glad to accommodate the Senator from
Massachusetts personally, but I shall be governed
by the vote of the Senate. In the position which
1 occupy, having pressed this matter on the Sen-
ate, I cannot myself vote to lay it over in this
way from day to day. If, however, the Senate
think proper to do so, I must acquiesce in it.
Mr. SUMNER. There is nothing to prevent
a vote to-morrow, so far as I can see.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing so far
as the Senator from Massachusetts knows. There
was nothing to prevent a vote the day before
yesterday so far as I knew. There was nothing
yesterday to prevent our getting a vote that I
knew of; but still, when the evening came, some
•one desired to speak. I was not aware the day
belore yesteiday that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts desired to speak, and it seems he did not
Mr. SUMNER. I did not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Probably his speech may
draw out others to-morrow; I do not know. I
have no personal feeling about the matter. _ If
the Senate think proper to suffer the resolution
to go over, very well.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts, who makes this motion, allow
me to offer a resolution which I shall desiie to
call up to-morrow morning? I do not wish to
say a word on it now, but to offer it and give
notice that 1 will call it up in the morning for
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to receive a resolution now.
Mr. WILSON. I understand objection is made
to taking up anything else until we settle the
point of going into executive session, and then
it will be easy enough for the Senator to offer his
resolution.
The question being put on Mr. Wilson's mo-
Aon, tlieie were, on a division—ayes 16, noes 13;
no quorum voting.
Mr. DOOLITTLE and Mr. FESSENDEN
called for the yeas and nays; and they were or-
dered.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope we shall extend to
the Senator fiom Massachusetts the usual court-
esy of availing himself ot this occasion to express
his views on this most important measure. I
confess I do not see any neeissity for pressing
this matter so warmly through the Senate. It
will ceitamly pass, I have no doubt,and for one,
I confess, 1 am anxious to hear all that call be said
and all that gentlemen desire to say on this most
important subject. 1 hope the utmost liberty of
debate will therefore be granted. I know very
well that the Senator fiom Massachusetts has
had many important engagements on his hands
during the last few days, and it is probable that,
like many of the test of us, he has not had time
lhus far sufficiently to prepare himself to ad-
dress the Senate on this subject. I hope the Sen-
ate will extend him this courtesy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like simply to
understiind fiom the Senatoi from Massachusetts
wh'-ther he is prepared to go on now.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not like to throw myself
01) the Senate; but I should not have made the
suggestion if, upon the whole, I had felt that it
would be convenient for tne to ^o on to-night.
Mi. SHERMAN. 1 think that if the Senator
desires to speak generally on the proposition, he
wili have an opportunity at some convenient tune
undoubtedly to speak on this or a kindred meas-
ure when be can discuss the general subject. It
is very important, as the Senator from Maine
properly said the other day, that certain bills now
pending should be aeted on. If we postpone this
subject, it will come up again to-morrow, and per-
haps not be concluded to-morrow. The Senator
had the floor this morning, I think, at one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon:
the floor belonged to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I feel for one that on our
side of the Chamber, with those who favor this
measure, there has been expressed on several oc-
casions a strong disposition to bring the question
to a close and to a vote, and I think that when
those who favor the measure have so earnestly
pressed it, as it has been pressed by this side of
the Chamber, and pressed particularly on those
who oppose the measure, with the expectation
and determination of bringing it to a vote, those
who favor the measure ought not to ask to have
it further postponed for the purpose of speech-
making. Yesterday I consented for one that it
should then be postponed and not brought to a
vote yesterday, because the Senator from Mis-
souri, who introduced the original proposition
which was referred to the committee, and which
was reported upon by the committee, had been
sick and confined to his room for several days,
and therefore it was impossible for him to go on
yesterday. But my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, who is almost always ready to speak
on these important occasions, can certainly ex-
press his views upon the great question of sla-
very on various other measures that are pending,
and I do not feel that 1 am wanting in courtesy
to him when' I say that for one I feel as if we
ought to come to a vote on this question to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Btiekalew, Collamer,
C'oiiness, Cowan. Davis. Dixon, Font, Hale, Harlan, Har-
ris, Ilemlncks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Morgan, I'ome-
roy, Powell, Ramsey, Riddle, Saiilshnry, Sprague, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and WiNon—28.
NAYS—Messrs.. Clai k, Doohttle, Foster, Grimes, Hard-
ing, Henderson, I.ane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nes-
HHth, Sherman, Ten Eyck, and Trumbull—12.
So he motion was agreed to.
PRAYERS OF THE CHAPLAIN.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Before the doors are
closed I wish to offer a resolution, and togive no-
tice that I shall call it up to-morrow morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive it, if there be no objection.
The Secretary proceeded'to read the resolution,
but before concluding it Mr. Howard rose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will be suspended.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I supposed we were in executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
can only be received by unanimous consent while
the doors are being closed.
Mr FESSENDEN. Nobody objected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. 'Nobody ob-
jected to it at the time it was offered; but it had
not then been read for information. It should be
first read for information, so that Senators may
know what it is, and a Senator rises to object when
he learns the character of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us bear it all.
Mr. HOWARD. What is it? A resolution?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A resolution
which the Senator from Delaware proposes to sub-
mit.
Mr. WILSON, Mr. FESSENDEN,andothers.
Let it be read through.
, Mr. HOWARD. Judging from certain pas-
sages in it, it strikes me to be a thing not fit to be
received.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the reading of the resolution ?
| Chair hears no objection, and the resolution will
I be read.
I The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
! Tli.it Hie Chaplain of the Senate be rcspect-
' fully leque^ted hereafter to pray to and supplicateAlmighty
i! God in our behalf, ami not to leetnrc linn, inform Htm
I; what to do. or state, to llim, undsr pletense i)t ItiaytT, hw
II (the said Chaplain's) opinion iu reference to Ilu duty as
