m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
declared to be criminal, and for the punishment of which
it has provided such forfeiture or confiscation.
7. Resolved, That it is the duty of the United States to
subdue and punish the existing rebellion by force of' arms
and civil trials in the ehoitest practicable time, and with
tbfi least cost to the people, but so decisively and thoroughly
as to impress upon the present and future generations as a
great truth that rebellion, except for guevous oppression of
Government, will bring upon the rebels incompaiably more
of evil than obedience to the Constitution and the laws.
8. Resolved, That the United States Government should
march their armies into all the insurgent States and promptly
put down the military power which they have arrayed
against it, and give protection and security to the loyal men
thereof, to enable them to reconstruct their legitimate tftatc
fovernmcnts, and bring them and the people hack to the
fnion and to obedience and duty under the Constitution
and the laws of the United States, bearing the sword in one
hand and the olive-branch in the other, and while inflicting
on the guilty leadeis condign and exemplaiy punishment,
granting amnesty and oblivion to the comparatively inno-
cent masses; and it the people ofany State cannot, or will
not, reconstruct their State government and leturu lo loyalty
and duty, Congress should provide a government for such
State as a Territory of'the United States, seeming to the
people thereof their appropriate constitutional lights.
It was the latter part of the last resolution,de-
claring it the duty of Congiess to provide a ter-
ritorial govern men tin a certain contingency, which
the honorable Senator from Maine read and com-
mented upon.
Well, Mr. President, there is not a principle, or
opinion,orsentimentin theseresolutionsto which
I do not yet adhere. They had been deliberately
framed by me upon previous inquiry and reflec-
tion ; and all the thought and research that 1 have
since been able to give them have confirmed me
in their truth. The position that I assumed was
this, and when 1 have stated it I shall take my
scat; I declared it partially the other day: When
our armies marched into Mexico and reduced that
Power, and General Scott was in the capital at
the head of his conquering army, what 0 i-d he do,
except as a matter of necessity, and as commander
of that army, but to establish a provisional mili-
tary government? He was m no way restrained
by the Constitution, for it had no operation or
force in that foreign country. The laws of war
authorized him to establish such a government,
and he did that act wisely, as a humane and a
great conqueror and legislator, and gave to that
people the best government they have ever had.
When any States in the United States or any
portion of the States revolt and expel the civil au-
thority of the Government of the United States,
and one of our armies at the head of such a chief
as Scottor any general marches into the country
and subdues the rebellion and takes possession
of that countiy, all Older and government is not
to cease. Theie must be some power to main-
tain the rights of property and of persons and to
uphold social organization. As a matter of ne-
cessity and of national lasv the conqueror who
thus takes possession of the country luis the right
to institute a present provisional military govern-
ment. After lie hnsdone this, if the people being
protected against tiiose who deposed the Constitu-
tion,laws, and authorities .ofthoUmtedStates will
riot for th em selves re vive and carry on government,
nor la keany part in conducting it, Fedeial or State,
what is ty be done 5 A re they to be, left to anarchy
and confusion ? No, sii, no. The military com-
mander must first establish a provisional govern-
ment, or some general rules and legulations to
hold the society together, and to give to its mem-
bers and their property some security and pro-
tection. But tins military mlc is a necessity,and
only temporal y. When there is no longer any
occasion to hold the country and maintain mili-
tary govei mucin' in it to ke.-p out the distuibing i
and lawless force it must e.tase; and then that 1
people have the unquestionable right, and with- I
out inU'i feteuro or intermeddling by the Piesi-
deiit,or even by Congress, to reinstate their own
government. If they persistently lefuse to do j
anything for their self-government, that State be- j
ing a part of the territory of the United States, j
Congress must " make all needful lulesand regu- j
totions respecting it." The people thereof will be 1
entitled to evcty oilier constitutional right and 1
privilege; they will not be exercising any rightof
government, because of their utter refusal, but
this thev can resume at plcnsuie
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, the honora-
].!•■ Senator from iCetvucky is right in supposing ,
tl.j* i wax actuated by no feeling of persona) un-
kmdmss in the letnaiks i had occasion to make
the other da) ; and I should regietexceedingly if
I should become satisfied that in those remarks I
did the Senator injustice by the inferences I drew
from the acts to which I had occasion to refer.
As the Senator has made an explanation of his
position in connection with the acts to which I
referred, the Senate and the country have an op-
portunity to determine whether I did him injustice.
I do not feel called upon to make further reply.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Secretary of State, in
answer to the resolution of the Senate, tespecting
the correspondence with the authorities of Great
Britain in relation to the proposed pursuit of hos-
tile bands of the Sioux Indians into the Hudson
Bay territories; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a repoitof the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 6th of January, information in re-
lation to the claim of the owner of the steamer
Niagara, chartered for the Banks* expedition in
1862; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
TERRITORIAL LAWS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a copy of the statutes of Washington Terri-
tory, passed at the tenth annual session of the
Legislature of that Territory, and copies of the
journals of the Legislative Council and House of
Representatives of that Territory; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont in favor of the con-
struction of a ship canal from the Mississippi
river to the eastern seaboard; which were referred
to the Committee on Commeice, and oidered to be
printed.
He also presented resolutions from the Legis-
lature of the State of Vermont in favor of the
passage of a law which shall secure equal pay to
all soldiers now or hereafter mustered into the
service of the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Veimont in favor of such a
modification of the po&t office laws as to allow the
transmission through the mails of the United
Slates of packages to soldiers at the same rate as,
is now lequired for the transmission of books;
which were referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER presented three petitions from
citizens of Connecticut, praying for the establish-
ment of a uniform ambulance and hospital sys-
tem for the aimies of the United States; which
were ordered to lie on the table, a bill having been
repoi ted on the subject by the Committee on Mili-
tary Allans and the Miiitia.
Mr. TEN EYCK presented a petition of citi-
zens of New Jersey, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route fu>m German Valley, in
Morris county, to High Bridge, in Hunteidon
county, in that State; which was refeired to the
Committee on Post Oiliees and Post Roads.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of the
dnectors of the Columbia Bank, of Columbia,
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, praying for
compensation for ios-j sustained by the burning
of the budge across the Susquehanna rivet at the
town of Columbia, by order of Jacob G. Fiick. of
the United States forces; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented a meniotial of mem-
bers of the General Assembly of the State of New
Yoik, praying for a uniform hospital and ambu-
lance system for the armies of the United States;
which was otdeied to he on the table.
Air. IIAIILAN presented two petitions of cit-
izens of California, praying for the repeal of an
act entitled "An act to grant the rightof pie-imp-
tton to certain purchasers on the Snseol Ranch
in the State of California," approved Maich 3,
1863; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. HOWE presented two petitions of citizens
of Oconto, Wisconsin, praying that the reci-
procity treaty may be so modified as either to pre-
vent the admission of lumber from Canadaorthat
such a tax may be imposed as will prevent undue
competition to the detriment of citizens of the
United States; which were refeired to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CONNESS. I present a petition of cer-
tain citizens of Tomales, M&tion county, Califor-
nia, who are settlers on public lands ^heretofore
claimed as belonging to a Spanish grant, but which
giant has been rejected by the courts of the Uni-
ted States through their instrumentality. They
now prayvthat they may be allowed to purchase
the lots of land upon which they have settled at
the Government price from the United States. I
ask that it be referred' to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of the
Defense Committee of the city of Baltimore, ap-
pointed under the provisions of an ordinance of
the city council, approved June 22, 1863, in re-
lation to the expenses of erecting embankments
and intienchments around that city, and praying
that the city may be reimbursed for such expenses;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Alfaiis and the Militia.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed-the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 18) in relation to
the public printing.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, Th;it the petition and other papers in i eJauon to
the claim of Chailes L. NeHpn, for compensation fin ser-
vices as agent for Imibor impiovements atBurlington, Ver-
mont, be taken lrom the hies of the Senate, and leferredto
the Committee on Claims.
NOTICK OF A BILL.
Mr. MORGAN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce abiil to quiet titles in favor
of parties in actual possession of lands situated m
the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. NESMITH, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
25) to authorize the President to negotiate a treaty
with the Klamath, Modoc,and other Indian tribes
in southeastern Oregon, teported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, ftom the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was leferred a resolution in-
stiuctmg them to inquire whether J ohm P. Hale,
a member of the Senate, in connection with the
case of one Hunt, charged with crime by direc-
tion of the War Department, has been guilty of
.any conduct inconsistent with his duty as a Sen-
ator, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the fact* disclosed bcfoie the committee
not showing a violation of any law i i official duty by Mr.
IIalk as n Senator, they :i-k lo he discliaiged fioni the an-
ther consideration of the subject.
He also submitted a written report, which was
ordered to be printed.
1ULLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON" asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 8 >)
to provide for the examination of certain officeis
of the Army; which was icad twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Alfairs and
the Mihua, and oidered to be printed.
Mr. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leav e to in ti oduce abiil (S. No. 86)
to authou/.e the appointment of a warden of the
jail m ihe Distiict of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
NEW LICTIT-HOUSES.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency nt buildmsr a IJtriit-
hotiMi on Point Penuisiii.i. between Uig and Little Hay'du
Noquet in the State ot Michiuan, aiui of coretiuctui£  a
beacon lisdit at Sand Pomi on the we*t Mde ot Little Hay
j d:i Xoquet. m the ^ame Suae, aadai^o eicetin^ a beacon
i l.^iit at the mouth of Fu\ itver, in the State of Wi.-coiTmi,
| and lepoit what sinus will he requited for Mich purpose.
j INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
1 Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to call up the
1 resolution which was introduced by me at the
