3418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
class of men—necessity imposes it on them—to
recognizc them as soldiers of the confederate
States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is not ten years since
the term "guerrilla" was a popular term in our
country, when the people of all the States of the
Union I think withoutexception, and the people
of England as well, thought that that was an hon-
orable term. When Wellington fought the Pen-
insular campaign, and when the people of Spain
joined the.stanaard of England, or England lent
her assistance to Spain for the purpose of estab-
lishing thG rights ofSpain as against French ag-
gression, the guerrillas of the mountains in Spam
challenged and commanded the admiration of the
free people of the world. They were guerrillas.
They were fighting for their homes, their native
land, and their independence of French subjuga-
tion.
We have heard of guerrillas again since that
time, and we understand that there is a guerrilla
warfare carried on now by the people of Mexico
as against French aggression m their country.
They, with their party chiefs, occupy the mount-
ain passes in particular locations, and when they
acquire sufficient force pounce down like the fal-
con upon their game; and so far as I know, in
such conduct they have the admiration of the
American people. They arc guernlias.
In the war of the Revolution there were parti-
san bands invited by our own Government; and
who has challenged more of the admiration of the
young men that now have grown to be old men
and the young men who are still young and the
lads growing up in the land than Marion, a par-
tisan leader, and in the same sense a guerrilla?
I am cluuiiabie enough to believe that the peo-
ple of various portions of the South, certainly
many persons of the South, thmk they are right
iri maintaining this war againstour Government;
and there are chiefs of counties, and, ifyou please,
lords of mountains, who can bring about them
crowds of men willing to follow their arms for
the purpose of making war upon the enemy.
Thoie are these things we all know, for we
have had the severe experience of the fact. We
know that their conduct in this respect has been
invited by their government; and so it would be
by our Government were we in the same position
with them, on the defensive. There never lias
been a war of invasion that, with the general con-
sent of the public authoiity of the invaded party,
the people have not been allowed to meet together,
band themselves together, choose their leaders,
and make partisan war. Such has been our own
history. Such has been the history of similar wars
in Europe. Such is a part of the history of this
war. The partisan leaders who now disturb us
on the banks of the Mississippi are only carrying
out the policy that has belonged to defensive war
always. They have done it with the consent of
the authorities of their government.
It is true that in old and baibarous times the
partisan leader, the chief of a clan, the lord of a
house was drawn and quartered if he was made
captive in battle. Long since such a rule was
ignored as a rule of the laws of war. Mankind
have pronounced such proceedings inhuman since
\he time Montrose walked to the scaffold in the
iity of Edinburgh.
There may be such persons as are described by
'"sic Senator from West Virginia—men who have
iio hogs in the summer and plenty of pork m the
winter; there may be those men who iive in the
bush by day and about the house at night; but
they furnish no more foundation for law than did
fhe Foresters of the time of Richard for the laws
of England.
If we regard the well-established laws of war
and the rules of Christian civilization as they have
incorporated themselves into the modern laws of
war, we must recognize certain principles, and
among them is this, that while we may conquer
and subject those who are m arms against us as
a body of people, being our enemies, when we
have captured their persons they have that kind
and charitable right that does not authorize the
execution of a belligerent either on the gallows
or by the ax.
Since the time of the French Revolution, and
even in that time, such doctrines did not obtain.
I trust that no such doctrine will obtain in this
country as this, that when wc find an enemy in
arms and he does not have in his pocket a com-
mission, or his captain commanding has not a
commission from the chief of the confederate
government, he being opposite and adversary, he
is to be hung like a felon and his head cut off
and placed on the steeple of the nearest town.
These things have been done but a century gone.
The barbarism of past ages I do not wish to see
repeated in the age to which I belong. The bar-
barism of ruder Governments I do not wish to see
repeated in a Government where we profess to be
an enlightened people, highly civilized,and with
the light and instruction of the Christian religion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Thequestion is on theamendment
of the Senator from California [Mr. Conness] to
the amendment of the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Hendricks.]
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
returns on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I want to call the attention
of my colleague to the word "guerrillas." It is
not an accurate expression, though it is a com-
mon expression, and I think it ought not to pass
into our legislation. " Guerrilla" is a Spanish
word meaning "a little war;" and it first came
into use in the English language after what is
known as the Peninsular campaign in Spain when
the French soldiers were pursued by partisan
bands or guerrilla bands, and the engagements
that were incident to such pursuits went under
the name of " guerrillas" or "little wars." I
have in my hand a Spanish dictionary which I
sent for into our Library, and I will read the defi-
nition of this word:
"Guerrilla: a diminutive; a war of partisans; pi edatory
warfare; skirmish; a slight engagement.55
It is nota term describing the men orthe parties
who arc engaged in this business, but it describes
the business. Therefore to be accurate there
ought to be some other word associated with it,
as for instance " mpuaudera." I would suggest
wherever the term " guerrilla" occurs you add
" marauders," so as to read " guerrilla maraud-
ers." u Guerrilla" should be the qualifying term
and " marauder" would be the noun denoting the
men or the parties engaged. That would be an
accurate phrase; the other, I think nil agree, is
not an accurate phrase though it is a very com-
mon one; we use it familiarly every day. 1 think
it would be better both in the title of the bill and
then in the first section where the phrase occurs
My colleague says he has no objection, and I
move where the term" guerrillas" occurs there be
substituted the words 44 guerrilla marauders."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. There are one or two amend-
ments that we agreed to on another bill, and when
I proposed last night to put them on the bill for
the amendment of the enrollment act it was ob-
jected to. We, however, reported them, and they
are very important provisions—very little things,
but important in their way. I offer this amend-
ment as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That when a soldier in hos-
pital shall bo discharged from the military service, but shall
Ik- unable to leave or to avail himself of lus discharge in
consequence ot sickness or wounds, and J>hal I subsequently
die in Mich hospital, lie shall be deemed to have died in the
military service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new scction:
Jinil be it further cnactcd, That payments which have
been made by paymaster* to non-commissioned officers of
volunteer regiments from the date of their enrollment and
for a time previous to their muster into the service of the
United States shall, if othei wise corieot,bc allowed in the
settlement of such paymasters' accounts.
Mr. CONNESS. What has this amendment
got to do with the punishment of guerrillas? It
seems to me you make very queer acts.
Mr. WILSON. The title reads, "and for
other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer another amendment,
to come in as a new section:
Jlnd he it fuither cnactcd* That the Secietary of War
shall be authorized to appoint a hook-keeper tor the na-
I Uonal armory at Springfield, whose UMiipen.-aiion -lialihr
$1,200 per annum, and the compensation of the clerks at
said armory shall be $1,000 per annum.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to suspend the pending
and all prior orders to take up House joint reso-
lution No. 83.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can get through
with this bill very soon now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kentucky moves to suspend all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 83, authorizing the President to
construct a military road from the valley of the
Ohio to East Tennessee.
Mr. WILSON. Give us three minutes and
we can get this bill through, I have no more
amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment,
as I find it is objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the
amendment in regard to paymasters explained
before we pass the bill.
Mr. WILSON. Paymasters have paid men
in regiments who were selected as non-commis-
sioned officers and acted as such prior to their
being mustered into the service. They could not
be regularly appointed until the colonel of the
regiment was appointed^ and he could notbe com-
missioned until the regiment was full. Some of
them acted a few weeks and have been paid as
sergeants and non-commissioned officers; but
when the accounts came befoie the Comptroller,
Mr. Brodhead, they were not allowed. They
ought to be adjusted. It prevents the settlement
of a great many accounts, making great embar-
rassment. After all the examination 1 can give
it I think the amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I wish to move an
amendment to the amendment that has just been
adopted on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to add the following as a new section:
And he it further enacted, Thnt when a soldier in any
hospital shall be discharged from the military seivice, and
shall be unable to leaveor to avail himself of the discharge
in conscquence of sickness or wound*, and shall snhse- ,
quently die in such hospital, he shall be deemed to have
died in the military service.
I wish to go back and cover precisely similar
cases where soldiers iiave already died in hos-
pitals. Several such cases have come under my
notice. I move to amend it so as to make it ap-
ply to the case of every soldier wiio shall have
died or shall hereafter die in hospital, making it
retrospective.
Mr, WILSON. There are several cases of
that kind.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in line two of section five after the word "hospi-
tal" to insert the words "shall have been dis-
charged or;" so that it will read, 44 that when a
soldier in any hospital shall have been discharged
or shall be discharged," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to read: 44A bill
to provide for the more speedy punishment of
guerrilla marauders, and for other purposes."
CLAIMS FOR A BUY SUPPLIES.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that all other business
be suspended for the purpose of taking up House
bill No. 305.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 305) to restrict the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, and to provide
for the payment of certain demands for quarter-
master's storesand subsistence supplies furnished
to the Army of the United States, which had
been reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary and the committee discharged from its fur-
ther consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON*. The reason why the commit-
tee was discharged was because they had before
them Senate bilfNo. 259, upon the same subject,
and they made a report upon that bill with amend-
ment. It is too late to act upon the amendments
