1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8419
to the Senate bill at this stage of the session, but
a few words by way of amendment in the House
bill will make the House bill precisely the same
with the bill reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary. I ask, therefore, that that bill be now
considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is be-
fore the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and will be read.
The Secretary read the bill, which provides
that the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims shall
not extend to or include any claim against the Uni-
ted States growing out of the destruction or ap-
propriation or damage to property by the Army
or Navy, or any part of the Army or Navy,
engaged in the suppression of the rebellion from
its commencement to its close. All claims of
loyal citizens for quartermaster's stores actually
furnished to the Army of the United States may
be submitted to the Quartermaster General of the
United States, accompanied with such proofs as
each claimant can present of the facts in his case;
and it is to be the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral to cause such claim to be examined, and, if
convinced that it is just, and that the stores have
been actually received or taken for the use of the
Army, then to report each case to the Third Aud-
itor of the Treasury, with a recommendation for
settlement. All claims of loyal citizens for sub-
sistence actually furnished to the Army may be
submitted to the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, accompanied with such proof as each
claimant may have to offer; and it is to be the
duty of the Commissary General of Subsistence
to cause each claim to be examined, and if con-
vinced that it is just,and that the subsistence has
been received or taken actually for the use of the
Army, then to report each case for payment to
the Third Auditor of the Treasury with a recom-
mendation for settlement. The action of the
Quartermaster General and of the Commissary
General of Subsistence, as the case may be, and
of the accounting officers of the Treasury is to be
final and conclusive upon such claims, which
may be paid tither by special requisition and war-
rant, or by a disbursing officer of the quartermas-
ter and subsistence departments as the case may
be, or as may in each case be most proper or
convenient; and the officers paying are to be re-
leased from all liability for or oil account of the
property so paid for; but no claim is to be ex-
amined, audited, or allowed under the provisions
of this act until the claimant shall have taken,
subscribed, and filed with such claim the oath
prescribed by "An act to prescribe an oath of of-
fice," approved July 2, 1862, except so much of
the oath as relates to the discharge of the duties
of office; and every person who shall falsely take
the oath under the provisions of this act is to be
liable to the penalties prescribed by the act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it will not do to
pass such a bill as that at this hour of the night.
It is a bill that needs a great deal of considera-
tion. It involves very important principles and
a great deal of money.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will permit me
to perfect the bill in the way it is proposed to be
amended. The bill has been pending here for
some time. It will not involve much money. It
only applies to stores actually furnished.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not know what
the amount is. It is a bill that needs careful and
deliberate consideration. It makes a very large
draft on the Treasury.
Mr. JOHNSON. It has been before the Ju-
diciary Committee and considered. 1 move to
amend the bill by inserting after the word " citi-
zen, "in the second line of the second section, these
words, " in the States not in rebellion."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask whether that is re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. This of itself is not. We
have reported a Senate bill. This bill has passed
the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood that the
Committee on the Judiciary were discharged from
its further consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, because they reported
the Senate bill which corresponds with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state the precise
condition of thismatterif Senators will allowme.
There were several bills to provide for the pay-
ment of damages and claims giowing out of the
war which were before the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. We took up one of the bills and struck
all of it out but two sections, which we agreed to
report, and we reported it to the Senate, striking
out everything but two sections. In the mean
time the House of Representatives passed a bill
something like our two sections which we had re-
ported; and that eominginto the Senate, the Sen-
ator from Maryland now takes up the House bill
and proposes, as I understand, to amend it so
as to correspond with the bill which we have re-
ported from the Judiciary Committeeof the Sen-
ate. It is for the Senate to consider what shall
be done with it.
Mr. BRO WN. I desire to have an opportunity
to call th.e attention of the Senate for a moment
to what I believe has been amistake that hasbeen
made in regard to the enrollment bill which has
been sent to the House of Representatives. When
the bill was under consideration here, the motion
made was to substitute m place of it the bill that
passed the Senate and it was so voted; but if I
am correctly informed that was not the amend-
ment which was sent from the desk to the House
of Representatives; so that there is a mistake in
regard to the bill which has been sent there. The
bill which has been sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives as the amendment adopted by the Sen-
ate is a bill that did not pass this body and does
not contain the sentiment of the Senate. I think
it is a matter that is worthy of consideration as
the House of Representatives is acting upon it
and acting upon it under that mistaken impres-
sion. I submit it to those who are more familiar
with the affairs in the Senate as to how it can be
best remedied. I believe the House of Repre-
sentatives have already acted upon the bill which
they supposed we sent them.
Mr. JOHNSON. If so, I suppose that can
wait until this bill is disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. I think there is no trouble
about it. 1 understand the House of Representa-
tives have non-concurred in our amendment, and
if that is so, if there was a mistake in the substi-
tution of the original bill, the committee of confer-
ence can carry out the views of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I do not know whether they
have concurred or non-concurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy.) The question is on theamendment of the
Senator from Maryland to the second section of
the bill before the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I movethesameamendment,
in the second line of the third section to insert,
after the word "citizens," the words "in the
States not in rebellion."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to strike out all
after the first section of the bill. I think the first
section is a wise provision. Iam inclined to think
from my recollection of the law that the Court of
Claims would not have jurisdiction to pronounce
judgment in the case of the claims mentioned in
the first section; but if they have any such au-
thority I think it should be withheld.
With regard to the quartermaster and commis-
sary departments -we have laws governing the
transaction of their business; we have an abund-
ance of quartermasters and an abundance of com-
missaries; we have more I think than occasion
has demanded. Persons furnishing the quarter-
master's or commissary's department anything
called for by either department would have vouch-
ers, and all that would be lequired of them at the
Third Auditor's office would be to have their
vouchers in proper form. ! do not believe there
is a detached part of the Army that cannot put
their quartermaster and commissary accounts in
proper shape. If we give this wide license for a
court to be established by the Commissary Gen-
oral and a court to be held by the Quartermaster
General to undertake the settlement of disputed
accounts that they may report them to the Third
Auditor, it would give more business to those two
depaitments than could be discharged if we mul-
tiplied those two offices by ten. It would give rise
to an infinite amount of claims. This bill would
make the Quartermaster General's office and the
j Commissary General's office courts where they
. would require about twelve judges, each sitting
i by himself, to determine what should be returned
to the Third Auditor.; I do not believe any of
them should go into such a business; I therefore
move that the second and third sections be stricken
out of the bill.
The amendment was rejected! there being, on
a division—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no further
amendments be offered the bill will be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
the bill being reported to the Senate, but 1 must
strenuously object to further action on it to-night.
The Senate is very thin and this bill involves a
large amount of money. It is the first time my
attention has been called to it, and 1 wish to look
into it further.
Mr. JOHNSON. There will be no objection
to that.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the bill be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the bill will not be
laid aside. It is a matter of very great import-
ance to the border States which have been trav-
ersed by these armies. We have been trying to
get something through, and this is not really half
what we ought to have. It is a matter of very
great importance. The House of Representatives
passed this bill and sent it to us, and itis the only
thing we can get, I suppose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want a chance to pre-
pare some amendments to it if it is to be finally
acted upon at this session. J cannot consent,
without making a longfight on it—which I do not
want to do here to-night without knowing more
about it—at this late hour to see a bill of this sort
passed, which involves an immense amount of
money, as I see it does. I want time to look at it.
I cannot sit down here now and examine it when
my attention is for the first time called to it.
Mr. POWELL. I ask, then, that it be made
the special order for to-moriow at one o'clock or
twelve o'clock. ["No," "No."]
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not do to make
special orders at this period of the session.
Mr. JOHNSON. We can call it up to-morrow
on motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill goes over
I desire to say that on comparing the bill which
is underconsideration with the two sections which
the Committee on the Judiciary agreed to, I find
there is somo difference between them. The two
sections agreed to limited the claims to cases
where the officers of the Government had taken
for commissary or quartermaster purposes the
property of a loyal citizen in some of the States
not in insurrection for the use of the Army. It
must have been taken by an officer for the use of
the Army in a loyal State and have been received
and actually used by the Army. I do not see
why those claims should not be paid, at any rate,
it seems to me, where the proper officer took the
property, where it is confined to property taken
by officers. If a quartermaster or commissary
goes out and takes a load of hay from a loyal
citizen in a loyal State and gives him a receipt
for it, is not the Government bound to pay? i
think it ought to pay. These are the limitations
in the bill which was agreed to by the Judiciary
Committee. This House bill, however, even as
it has been amended by the Senator from Mary-
land, is not so closely guarded; it is not confined
as I can see to property actually used by the
Army.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, it is. Such is my under-
standing of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; the second sec-
tion of the House bill states, " and that the stores
have been actually received or taken for the use
of said Army." The Senate bill goes on to say
"and used by the Army." But the House bill
does not putin those words. It is enough if some
officer takes them, whether the Army ever got
them or not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Itis furnished to the Army.
I suppose it to be equivalent. If the Senatorwill
perifi't me I will offer a further amendment by
saying "furnished to and actually used by the
Army." I consider the phraseology as indenti-
cal, and after that let the bill go over.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the whole of the
■ House bill from and afterthe word " and," m line
