1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' • 421
last session of the Senate. It is important to have
action on it as soon as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves to postpone ail prior orders for
the purpose of taking up the resolution indicated
by him. |
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That in ali sessions of committees to take the
testimony of witnesses in relation to any matter of fact per-
taining to the conduct of any Department of tbe Govern-
ment 01 of any brand) thereof, the head of such Department,
fchall be requested to empioy some proper and competent
peison to aid in the examination and cross-examination of
witnesses, and to furnish any other evidence or proof per-
tinent to the mattei iiiqunecl into.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin proposes to modify lii.s resolution by
insertingciftur the woul1' person "the words " con-
nected with the sam'e." That modification will be
made if thore be no objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois, if there be any question about the
purpose of the resolution, it is simply this: that
when committees on the part of the Senate are
in session investigating into the proceedings of a
Departmentor anythingconnected with a Depart-
ment, the head of the Department shall be re-
quested to send some person connected with the
Department to be present with the committee to
aid in the investigation of the facts connected with
it, and not to employ any one outside of the Depart-
ment, or subject the Department to any expense
to aid the committee. 1 can state m a single word
the reason which influenced my mind in offering
this resolution.
It seems to me, Mr. President, that it is for the
convenience of the committees themselves, very
many of these questions in vol ving a special knowl-
edge which the committee cannot have without
spending a considerable time for the purpose of
inquiry. Besides, it seems to me it is but an act
always of justice to the head of a Department, the
conduct of which is being inquired into, that he
should be permitted to send some one connected
with the Department to be present at the examin-
ation. It is but an act of justice certainly to the
heads of the Departments. We are bound to pre-
sume that the head of each of the Executive Depart-
ments has as deep an interest m ferietingoutany
abuse practiced on the Department as any Sena-
tor or member of Congress can have. Their char-
acters are involved in the administration of then-
Departments. Upon every ground, therefore, I
believe the proposition contained in the resolu-
tion is but just and proper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inqmie, docs tins
resolution come from any committee? Has it
been referred ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir, it has not been
referred, and has not come from any committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me as a very
singular resolution. I have known of no practical
difficulty in my experience on this subject. 1 have
always found the Departments ready to commu-
nicate any information that was lequired. It
seems to me it would be a great deal better to leave
it to the committee to request any information
they may desire. So faras i am aware, there has
never been the slightest difficulty, in any investi-
gation, in obtaining assistance from the Depart-
ments, and thete investigations are generally car-
ried on in harmony with the head of thp Depart-
ment. I do not see any occasion for adopting a
rule of the Senate that in alt cases where an inves-
tigation takes place the Department is to send
one of its clerks before the committee. The com-
mittee may notneed him. I think it had better be
left altogether to the discretion of the commit-
tee. I have never known any practical difficulty
on the subject; perhaps thu Senatoi Irum Wiscon-
sin may. I have always found the Departments
ready to communicate any information that the
committees desired. This is a very sweeping res-
olution, if I recollect it. I did not listen very at-
tentively, or my attention, rather, was not called
to it till the Cleik commenced reading it. 1 be-
lieve it provides that in every case where a com-
mittee is engaged man investigation the Depart-
mentsball send one of its officers to be before the
com mutee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Department shall be
requested to send one connected with the Depart-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, " requested." If
the committee want one of the officeis of the De-
partment there is not the least difficulty in obtain-
ing his attendance, I apprehend, it there is any
, difficulty, I should have no objection to the res-
olution.
' Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am moved to this, I con-
fess, in part from the fact that I have been ap-
; pointed, without my knowledge, and indeed in
] my absence from the Senate at the time, to acton
, one of these committees of investigation, and my
attention has been particularly drawn to the sub-
ject from that fact. I am associated upon that
committee of investigation with my honorable
friend fiom New Hampshire, who is the chair-
man of the committee, and who on some former
occasion, antl I believe ke has never retracted
it, declared to the Senate and the country, in
substance, upon his responsibility as a Senator,
that " the liberties of this country are in greater
danger to-day from the corruptions and fiom the
profligacy practiced in the various Departments
of the Government than they are from the enemy
in the open field." I suppose the object of these
investigations is, if possible, to prevent these cor-
ruptions and these profligacies; and being ap-
pointed on a committee of investigation, associated
with a Senator entertaining that avowed opinion
and belief, 1 think it is but just to the head of the
Department whose conduct is sought to be exam-
ined that he should be respectfully requested to
send some competent person connected with the
Department to be piesent at the examination by
the committee of the witnesses, and to furnish any
proof in his power to explain matters pertaining
to the things to be inquired into. I think it is our
duty to assume that the heads of these Depart-
ments of the Government have just as much in-
terest and just as much wish on their pari to pre-
vent these corruptions and abuses as any member
of the Senate can have; and ir is but an act of jus-
tice to the Departments that they be requested to
have some one to represent them before these in-
vestigating committees. My attention has been
brought to it for this reason, and I feel that it is
but an act of simple justice that the Senate, in
appointing eomnnttces charged with an investi-
gation into the conduct of a Department, should
respectfully request the head of the Department
to send some one to be present at that examina-
tion, because they may have evidence which the
committee may not know anything about. The
special matter of inquiry may requiie a special
knowledge, like a knowledge of steam-engines;
for that was one of the subjects which was spoken
ofin the Senate which demanded investigation.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE A KM V.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour of one
o'clock having ainved, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special older, the unfinished
business ot Thursday hist, which is the bill (S.
No. 41) to promote enlistments in the Army, of the
United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; this resolution
will go over until to-m<>riow.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will move that the bill re-
ferred to by the Chair be laid over until to-mor-
row. I understand that a privileged motion will
be made very soon, before any action could be had
upon it. I will theiefore-submita motion that the
bill which is the special order for this hour be post-
poned until to-morrow, and lie made the special
order at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me,
before the bill goes over, 1 wish to propose an
amendment to it in older to have it printed with
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
j Massachusetts oilers an amendment to the bill, and
|| moves that his amendment be printed.
|| The motion was agieed to.
j| The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
j! is on postponing the further consideration of the
! bill until to-moirow atone o'clock, and makingit
|| the special older for that hour.
The motion was agreed to. {
ij BILLS DECOHU LAWS. |
A message from the Picsident of the United i
| States,by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary,announced 1
'■ that the Pi  vM.dt nt had approved and signed, on ■
the 28th of' Junuury, tlu. fulluwing bill and joint I
resolutions: _ _ j
A bill (S. No. 49) relating to the admission oft
patients to the hospital for the insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia;
A joint resolution (S. No. 2) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Nathaniel
P. Ranks, and the officers'and soldiers under his
command at Port Hudson;
A joint resolution (S. No. 3) expressive of the
thanks of Congress to Major General Joseph
Hooker, Major General George G. Meade, and
MajorGenergl OliverO. Howard,and the officers
and soldiers of the army of the Potomac;
A joint resolution (S. No. 5) of thanks to Major
General Ambrose E. Burnside, and the officers
and men who fought under his command; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 14) presenting the
thanks of Congress to Cornelius YanderbiU for a
gift of the steamship Vanderbilt.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. If there is no other mat-
ter before the Senate I desire to call up again the
resolution we had under consideration a few mo-
ments since,in regard to in vestigating committees,
in order that it may be disposed of.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I think it is
eminently proper that this resolution, or some-
thing tatamount to it, should be adopted. The
purpose which the Senate had in view when it in-
stituted the inquiry to which the Senator from
Wisconsin hasalluded was to elicit the truth. We
wish to get at the facts. We want to discover
whether or not there may not be some method de-
vised by which improvements may be made in the
present method of securing Navy contracts; for
the Senator fiom New Hampshire alluded to that
subject as the one which he had specially in view
when he introduced his resolution.
It is known to all the members of this body who
arc at all familiar with the subject, that the Navy
Department is peculiarly constructed. It is dif-
ferently organized from any other Department of
this Government. It is almost a specialty in and
of itself. It takes a man a year at least before
he can understand its organization and its details.
The members of this body who are appointed on
a committee of investigation, and even the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, are not thoroughly con-
veisantwith the details of the Navy Department.
I confess, myself, as one of them, that I am not,
though I hove endeavored as far as I could to in-
form myself as to what those details are, and as
to its organization.
It is now proposed that when this committee
proceeds to its investigation in regard to the method
of executing contracts for that Department the
Depaitment itself shall have aulhonty to detail
one of its ofliceis to meet the committee, in order
to direct its attention to particular subjects of in-
quiry that may come before them. It strikes me
that it is highly proper that this should be done.
It is not lo be presumed that the Senators who
compose this committee are as well acquainted
with the pat ticulais to which their attention ought
to be directed as those men who have been for
years engaged as officials in the Department.
I Jiavenodoubtthatgreat fiauds have been per-
petrated. Theic are Senators around me who
know very well that, three years ago, even before
the commencement of this war, I called the atten-
tion of the Senate to the necessity of some change
in the laws of the United States so far as they re-
lated to contracts for the naval service. There is
connected with that naval service an officer known
as a Navy agent. So lar as I am able to learn,
there is no law of Congiess that ever authorized
the creation of that office. lie was originally a
mere agent of the Depaitment, appointed by the
head of the Department for a temporary purpose,
but we have acts of Congiess that recognize his
existence; and now, at the commencement of every
Administration, the President sends down to us
nominations for these several Navy agencies. The
Department is organized in strict conformity to
the laws which Congress has passed, but under
that organization there is gieat opportunity for
fraud's to be perpetrated against the Government
. by the be Nav y agents. S /1 her- us grca t oppoi t u -
: nity for frauds to be perpetiatcu against it by the
: contractu! s under the Navy agents and under the
Department piopei. The*Department aie con-
i soious of this. They have had their attention cii-
I rected to it. They are just as anxious to ferret
