1468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
and Amboy Railroad Company is as good as any
other monopoly of the same magnitude and power
which has received the sanction and protection of
State legislation and State courts for so many
years.
Why is it, sir, that we hear everywhere, on all
the corners of all the streets, north and east and
west and south, that this Camden and Amboy rail-
road is an unmitigated nuisance? Why is it that
we hear that in general railroad arrangements
this company never will come into the pro rata
divisions, but holds itself aloof, separate and
apart from the arrangements of the companies
that connect with it at either end ? Why is it, sir,
that when you leave your home in Indiana for
Washington you find your fare nearly double
after reaching New York? Why is itthaton the
baggage which you brought free of extra charge
from Indiana to New York you are compelled,
when you come to the Jersey City ferry, to com-
ply with the exorbitant demands of some bag-
gage man, and pay extra charges? And why is
it that you are told that you must Haul yourown
trunk to the very door o'f the baggage car or else
it will not betaken ? I haveseen a memberof this
House, after having paid for having his baggage
brought to the ferry, and paid three dollars extra
charge for it to Washington, told that he must
drag Ins own trunks to the door of the baggage
car or they would not be received. Why is it that
when you enter the cars on the New Jersey road
they are crowded? Why is it that in summer
they are badly ventilated, and in winter scarcely
warm? Why is it that when you enter a civil
protest, you are at once met with the indignant
frown of some conductor, or with an insolent re-
ply from this hireling of aldermanic proportions ?
, Why is it that wherever you go the people can-
not tolerate this monopoly? Sir, I will tell you
why it is. The monopoly has waxed fat. It
has grown rich. It has risen above the people
whom it was created to serve. It pours its money
into the lap of New Jersey. New Jersey pro-
claims that this railroad is herking and shall rule
forever. And yet for all these reasons, I would
not apply the power of Congress to this matter
did 1 not believe that the commercial interests of
the different States require it. Did I believe that,
in spite of this monopoly which is arrogant, aris-
tocratic, and anti-republican, the business of the
country could be carried on by means of a free
and unrestricted intercourse, I would vote against
this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE,.of Illinois. Will my
friend from Vol mont tell the House what State it
is that now has a bill before its Legislature fining
a man $.500 or imprisoning him six months for
enlisting a colored man to aid in putting down
this rebellion?
Mr.WOODBRIDGE. I have understood, Mr.
Speaker, that it is the State of New Jersey; and
1 understand that New Jersey has done another
thing. I understand that since this bill was brought
before Congress, which, by the statement of its
Governor, is going to trample on its sovereign
l'iglwe—those rights which are devoted and con-
secrated to freedom, which aie now all used fur
the benefit ofthe fieedomof this Government, and
to cany out the generous and noble impulse of
the men of the North,as indicated by the remarks
of the gentleman from New Jersey—the Legisla-
ture of the State has introduced a bill to repeal
and take away the charter of the Delaware and
Raritan Railroad Company.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman fioin Vermont allow me to correct
him as to a statement of fact? He says the Le-
gislature of New Jersey has introduced a bill to
repeal the charter of the Delaware and Raritan
Railroad Company. It was only a member of
the Legislature that introduced the hill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, a man
may generally be known by the company he keeps.
It is true that the repealing bill was introduced
by a member of the Legislature of the State of
New Jersey, and I have no doubt, from what I
hear, that that Legislature represents the interest
of the Camden and Amboy railroad. Why is it,
sir, that one man, independent enough in the Sen-
ate of New Jersey to break away from the tram-
mels of this monopoly, is denounced by thatdic-
tatoiial, domineering power? Why is it that we
are told, in his speech, that which leads us to be-
lieve that this monopoly interferes with the pri-
mary elections in the State of New Jersey; that
it designates who shall be legislators; that it ap-
proves or taboos the bills brought before the Le-
gislature; that it nominates candidates to Con-
gress, and elects them, too? Why do we hear
this? It is, sir, because of this copartnership be-
tween the State of New Jersey and this Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company. The railroad
company makes New Jersey rich, and New Jer-
sey says, "I will protect you to my latest breath,
even to the sendmgof a respectful protest to Con-
gress to intimidate them from trampling upon
your rights and upon our sovereign soil."
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman to permit
me to interrupt him.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman from
Vermont undertake to say that the Caniden and
Amboy Railroad Company elect members of Con-
gress from New Jersey?
.Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I think that that is the
belief.
Mr. ROGERS. I only want to say that there
is not a word of truth in that declaration. If he
is a gentleman he ought not to get up here and
make a remark of that character. That assertion
is false. The company has nothing to do with
the election of members of Congress from New
Jersey.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have respect for the
gentleman from New Jersey. He comes here
under the broad seal of that State which he says
is so sacred that we ought to respect it. lie has
come here, I have no doubt, to act as an honor-
able gentleman. I have no doubt lie does so act.
lie is quite a young man yet, and I take his state-
ment as true to the bestof his information and be-
lief. I have information which I consider equally
good as that of the gentleman from New Jeisey.
It comes from a gentleman who states the facts to
me that 1 have stated to the House: that the con-
ventions which nominate members of Congress in
New Jersey are attended by the representatives
of the Caniden and Amboy Company, and that
they put their foot upon this man or raise up that
man us he may best subserve the purposes of the
monopoly. That I believe to be true.
Now, sir, 1 will not detain the House. I know
that they do not wish to hear any more on the
subject. I have discussed the legal point. I am
satisfied in my own mind of the power of passing
the pending hill, i am satisfied of its expediency
on my integiity as a member of the House; and
believing, as I do, that Congress has the power,
and thai the interests of the Government require
its passage for free commercial intercourse be-
tween the great States of New York and Penn-
sylvania, 1 shall give it my support.
Mr. PENDLETON. Mr. Speaker, I know
nothing of the facts connected with this bill ex-
cept as they appear in the papers which have been
laid upon our tables. I feel no interest in it ex-
ceptas a question involving the power of the Fed-
eral Government, and consequently the reserved
powers of the States. I shall not, therefore, touch
upon some of the questions which have been dis-
cussed at large by the gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me as to the action of the State of New
Jersey in the present war, nor as to the wisdom
of the action of her Legislature in regulating
the railroad companies within her borders. I will
not inquire whether private interests will be sub-
served by the passage or the defeat of the bill. I will
not inquire into the motives of the parties outside
of the House who originated and actively press
the bill; nor yet will 1 seek to know whether it
| is, in fact, the Slate of New Jersey, as it appears
to be, or the Camden and Amboy railroad, which
uses the name of the State to protest so loudly
against its passage.
Mr. BEAMAN. The morning hour will ex-
pire in a few minutes, and I ask the gentleman
whether he would not prefer to make his speech
on Saturday next ?
Mr. PENDLETON. Itis entirely immaterial
to me. I will yield to the wish of the House.
Does the gentleman propose to call up the special
order when the morning hour has expired?
Mr. BEAMAN. I do.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the special order, being matters relating to
the District of Columbia.
PROVIDENCE HOSPITAL, DISTRICT COLUMBIA.
Mr. BEAMAN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 79) to
incorporate the Providence hospital of the city of
Washington, District of Columbia.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEAF AND DUMB AND BLIND INSTITUTION.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, reported back,
with a recommendation that it do pass, an act
(S. No. 163) to authorize the Columbia Institu4
tion for the Deaf and Dumb and the Blind to con-
fer degrees.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was ordeied to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOME FOR FRIENDLESS WOMEN, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, also reported, with
a recommendation that it do pass, an act to incor-
porate the Home for Friendless Women and
Children.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title; was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOTARIES PUBLIC IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr.DUMONT,from theCommittee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, also reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No. 82)
concerning notaries public m the District of Co-
lumbia.
The bill was read in extenso.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DUMONT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STEAM FIRE-ENGINE.
Mr. DUMONT, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, also reported back, with an
amendment, an act (S. No. 168) providing for the
purchase of a steam fire-engine.
The bill, which was read, appropriates out of the
Tieasury the sum of $4,000 for the purchase of
a steam fire-engine for the Columbia fire com-
pany, to be kept in efficient condition by such
company or by the corporation of the city of
Washington without further charge to the Gov-
ernment.
The amendment which was recommended by
the committee provides that said engine shall be
under the general direction and control of the
municipal authorities of the city of Washington,
and that nothing in the act shall be construed m
any way to impair the authority of the city gov-
ernment of Washington over said Columbia fire
company, or of Congress over the control of said
engine.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to con-
sidering this bill in the House at this time ?
Mr. THAYER. I object to its being consid-
ered in the House at this time unless an oppor-
tunity be given to amend it. If it is before the
i House for action now 1 move to amend the bill
by striking out the words *' Columbia fire com-
pany," and inseiting in lieu thereof the words
'•fire brigade established by Government."
I believe we all know that the Government, un-
