S4M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
able Senator from Iowa, and I trust so still. That
is all I said.
I of course have no sort of feeling or wish upon
the matter. The idea is that an assessor is a very
important officer. If the Senator from Iowa has
examined this bill and knows what is in it he
must be aware that the duties of the assessor are
great and varied, requiring notonly integrity but
capacity of a high order so far as judgment, dis-
cretion, clearness of view, and all those qualities
whifih go to the making up of a very able man of^
business are concerned. Asageneral rule, so far
as I had anything to do with it in my own State,
I endeavored to select for these offices a very su-
perior set of men, and I think we succeeded in
doing it in the State of Maine; I do not know how
it is elsewhere. Now, sir, to compare a man
■having the charge of such important interests,
requiring so much ability and so much character,
to a mere teller of a bank, who has simply to
count money from day to day, is to my mind an
absurdity.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
then to put another case? Let him compare them
with the Comptrollers and Auditors of the Treas-
ury of the United States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Compare them with those.
Some of them receive more than three thousand
dollars salary. The First Comptroller receives
$3,500; the Comptroller of the Currency receives
$5,000; we have men here who receive much
larger sums than the amount here fixed; but that
is no argument on the subject. We know very
well how the class of officers referred to, who
receive $3,000, complain of the smallness of their
pay; but they have a set of duties to perform
which arc not of the nature to be performed by
these officers.
But, sir, 1 am not disposed to argue the matter.
Every Senator will judge for himself. 'I only
know that on looking at the whole subject, as I
said before, we came to the conclusion to pro-
pose this amendment, and also for the reason that
we thought it ought to be open for some discus-
sion after the communications we had upon the
subject and the views expressed, especially in the
present state $f things. Senators are aware that
$3,000 now is not more than $£,000 would be at
an ordinary time, so that in fact when you fix a
man's salary at #3,000, it is equal to saying $9,000
in an ordinary time; and we had that in view
also, and we must conform in some degree to
these circumstances.
Mr. HOWE. 1 rise simply to correct a state-
ment of fact. The Senator from Maine was un-
der the impression that there was no opposition
to this amendment in the committee, that the
committee were entiiely unammotiH upon it. 1
believe he certainly is mistaken as far as my own
action is concerned, and 1 think as fur as one
Other member of the committee is concerned; I
think the Senator from Ohio did not a^ree to if.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
expressly agreed to it.
Mr. HOWE. 1 cannot speak with certainty
as to him.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays i);as follows:
YEAS—Anthony, Clundler, Clark, CowanDix-
on, Fes-omli'i), Foot, Fo^iei, link, IJ.urN, If* lulcr-^on,
Johnson, I,of Indiana, Motrin, Hhenimn, t-^pugne,
Stunner, Ten 1'yek, Tiumlmtl, and Win Winkle —"J(J.^
NAY'S— Huckalew, Unities, Hail.m, ifendiick-*,
flowe.Lane ufKaiisiis. li;imsoy, U'uiU'.aod Wilkinson—D.
AJ355KNT—Me^i.s. Biown, "(J.irlile, Coiiamer, Conner,
Davis, Doolitfie, ilaulidj;, [licks, Howard, ftl'-Jhrnijal!,
Mornli, IVubmiUi, J'onieioy, I'owi II, Uu li.iuhon, Kiddie,
Salisbury, Witlev, WiImih, -ind lVii<jht--2l).
So the«amendment was ngieed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order now to change
the amount named in lines five and six of the sec-
tion ? I desue to increase the amount to $"200,000.
In country districts 1 think the salary is sufficient.
There will be very few districts under this bill
where the pay will be above $3,000. If it is in
order, I would move to increase the minimum of
the amount of collections named to $200,000. I
think that in countiy districts where labor is cheap
and provisions and rents are cheap the minimum
compensation fixed is sufficient, and nearly all
the districts will yield $200,000revenue. I move,
in line live, to raise the minimum to $200,000 in-
stead of $100,000. 1 think there are certain city
districts where the compensation of $3,000 would
beiuadequate, and therefore i voted for the propo -
sition to increase the rate in certain districts, but
I think that $1,500 is sufficient in ordinary coun-
try districts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that would be
very hard on them.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are entitled to their
postage; and their office rent and all incidental
expenses are provided for in this same scction.
The law allows them a fixed compensation of
$1,500, and then if they collect over $200,000 they
get one half of one per cent, until they reach the
maximum of$4,000. Ifmy amendments adopted,
in the country districts where the collections are
less than $200,000 they would only get theirsal-
ary and expenses. I think that is enough in a
country district.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. 1 voted with some reluctance
to retain $4,000 as the highest salary of an as-
sessor. 11 ought to be remembered by the Senate
that in some of the districts that are rather large
in territorial extent, but where small amounts will
be collected, the assessors, if the Senate should
change thin minimum to $200,000, will have noth-
ing except the salary fixed by the bill. The re-
sponsibility will be very great; they will have to
travel over a very large district of country neces-
sarily, and especially to get the income tax.
Mi*. SHERMAN. Ali that is done by the as-
sistant assessors.
Mr. HENDERSON. There is as much re-
sponsibility on the assessor. He has to see that
the returns and everything are correctly made.
There is as much responsibility there as in a case
where the district is compact and the receipts
large. Neither will handle any money. 1 think
it would be much better to reduce the maximum
amount of the salaiy to $3,000, as proposed by
the Senator from Iowa, than to extend the mini-
mum of collections to $200,000, because it will
affect assessors in a great many cases where it
ought not to be done. 1 hope the amendment
will not be made.
Mr. WILKINSON. This amendment of the
Senator from Ohio will operate very haishly on
the districts where there is the most labor to be
performed. Take my State, if you please, where
there aie two disti lets, eithei of whuh comprises
a territory larger than Connecticut and Massa-
chusetts combmcd, and the assessors have to
travel over that entire country, it being sparsely
settled and an agricultural community.
Mr. SHERMAN. The assessor does not travel.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He must go into every
county to hear appeals,
Mr. SHERMAN. Hut he does not go around
to make assessments. He has assistantassessors.
Mr. WILKINSON. There are twenty large
counties m one distiict of our State three hun-
dred miles in extent one way and one hundred
and fifty miles the otlur way.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how it maybe
in Minnesota or any other State; but I had occa-
sion last fall to travel all over or nearly all over
the State of Iowa, and I took the trouble to in-
quire as to the operation of this law; and if I
had not taken that trouble there was such univcr-
r>al indignation in some parts of the State as to
the adminitiation of it on the part of the deputy
assessors, that my attention could not but have
been railed very strongly to it. I found thut un-
der the law—i do not know whether the con-
suuotion was correct oi not that had been placed
<;n it—there was a deputy assessor in almost
eveiy county, whether there was any amount, of j
revenue collected in the county or not, and that .
in almost every instance the deputy assessors |
had charged a per diem ranging fiom fifteen up ;
to twenty-five days m a month, although the le- 1
ceipiy fiotn the entire county into the Treasury i
I of the United States would not be more than half
t enough to pay the per diem. One great aigument
! that was urged to me, especially by some of the
j coliectoi s, was—1 do not know whether that is
i remedied by this bill—that the assessors weie al-
I lowed to pay their own deputy assessors and to
audit the accounts. 1 remember very well that j
a collector told me that if he was permitted to
audit the accounts of the deputy assessors, they
would not be permitted to gouge the Tieasurym
the manner in which they were doing. I do not
know whether thathas been obviated by this bill
or not. I believe I called the attention of one
member of the committee to it in the early part
of the session. The account Svas approved by the
assessor, the man who made the appointment.
Mr. HENDERSON. He cannot make the ap-
pointment under this bill.
Mr. GRIMES. He will make it virtually un-
der this bill. The appointment will be made, on
the designation of the assessor, by the Secretary
of the Treasury or the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue. The right way 1 think is to have the
accounts of the deputy assessors audited by some-
bodyelse than the chief assessor himself, the man
from whom hitherto the appointment has ema-
nated, and from whom it will hereafter virtually
emanate. It is true that under the.law the chief
assessor of the district is required to go into each
county once a year to hear appeals from the dep-
uty assessors, but he only goes where appeals
aie- made. In the sparsely settled counties in
Minnesota and Iowa there not an appeal made
in one county out of twenty-five. I have never
known an appeal made in my State from the dep-
uty assessor to the assessor.
Mr. WILKINSON. I never heard of one in
our State.
Mr. GRIMES. If there is no appeal taken,
the assessor is not required to go into any other
county in the district than the one in which he
resides.
Mi. FESSENDEN. My great objection to this
amend mentis that there are very few districts,com-
paratively speaking, taking the country through,
where we oollectabove one hundred thousand dol-
lars. Is it not an object, is it not desirable that
we should hold out some inducement to assessors
to bring this matter up just as high as they can?
We know as a matter of fact that there are very
few districts where the amount comes up to
$200,000. If you allow only a fixed salary, you
hold out no sort of inducement to the assessor to
go beyond it, to be strenuous and careful in the
dischaige of his duties. You must take men in
this world as you find them and as they are; and
the ground upon which the percentage was fixed
wasexpressly with a view to hold out a further in-
ducement to assessors to do their duty carefully,
because if they get up beyond a certain point they
receive a percentage on receipts.
I believe that we should make twenty or fifty
dollars where we lose one in the payment of sal-
aries, by retaining the principle which I contend
for in that single provision, by providing that the
assessor if he brings his assessments in a district
up to a certain point shall receive a percentage. I
deem it. to be exceedingly important. My best
judgment on the subject, after the most careful
deliberation 1 could give it, is that we miss it by
being so very particular about these small per-
centages, which arc paid in reality as an induce-
ment to men to put in process of collection ail they
can. Fifteen hundred dollars may be pay enough
if you appoint a man who is to sit down quietly
in his office and send his assistant assessors
around, and have them make their returns, and
he simply hear appeals from them, and do no
more. That may be well for him; but is it well
for us, is it well for the Treasury, is it well for the
revenue of the country? That is the question,
and it is that consideration which influences me
in advising that this feature be letamed as it is.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out " $3 50" and insert " lour
dollars," in line twenty-two of section twenty-
two; so as to lead:
And flu-re vslmll be Allowed and paid to each a^iMant
a^essor torn dollars for eveiy day actually employed m
eolleetinu lists and making valuation*, the number of days
neoej-Mty for that purpose to bf eertUie<j by the as ,<'*T,or.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish the attention of the
Senate to the pay of these assistant assessors.
There aie a great numbei of them, and conse-
quently, though the increase to each is but small
per day, it may make a large sum m the aggre-
gate. This is not all the compensation of the as-
sistant assessor, because the bill provides that he
shall have tbree dollars for every hundred per-
sons assessed on the tax list, as completed and
delivered by him, and he is entitled to twenty-five
cents for each permit granted to any tobacco,
snuff, or cigar manufacturer.
M r. FESSENDEN. How many districts are
there where there is such a manufacturer?
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not an important
item, I know; but the other item of three dollars
