1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for every one hundred persons assessed ia very-
important, in addition to postage,office rent, and
stamps.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The assistant assessors
have no such allowances; they are only for the
assessor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision is:
And there shall be allowed and paid to each assistant
assessor four dollars for every day actually employed In
collecting lists and making valuations, the number of days
necessary for that purpose to be certified by the assessor,
and three dollars for every hundred persons assessed con-
tained in the tax list as completed and delivered by him to
the assessor, andtwenty-five cents for each permit granted
to any tobacco, snuff, or cigar manufacturer; and the said
assessors and assistant assessors, respectively, shall be al-
lowed, after the account thereof shall have been rendered
and apptoved by the proper officers of the Treasury, their
necessary and reasonable charges for stationery and blank-
books used in the discharge of their duties, and for postage
actually paid on letters and documents received or sent,
and relating exclusively to official business.
I did not mean to say that the assistant as-
sessor is entitled to office rent, but he is to books,
stationery, postage, and incidental expenses. He
is entitled not only to three dollars foreveryhun-
dred names returned by him on the tax list and
to incidental expenses, but tfiere is another pro-
vision that an increase may be allowed in certain
cases by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is only in certain
States.
Mr. SHERMAN, Thepayof theassistant will
really amount in some cases to more than the pay
of the assessor. Take the case ofa district where
the pay of the assessor is $1,500, and the amount
collected is §100,000. In such a district as that
the pay of the assistant, if employed the year
round, is higher than the payof the principal as-
sessor. Four dollars a day for thirty days is $120
, a month. It is higher than persons performing
similar duties are paid in any of the western
•States. Perhaps in some of the eastern States
they get as much, but it is much more than is
paid, in any State West, including the State of
Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. I see, Mr. President, that
I may have very hard work of it in getting through
with this bill. I thought that I represented the
committee, and the Senate seem to be very well
satisfied with the committee's report; but on the
right hand and on the left I find gentlemen of the
committee meeting me in the Senate upon matters
which were thoroughly discussed and decidedby
the committee. I thought I had aright to call for
their aid to support me. I have excused my
fiiend from Wisconsin, however, in the particular
case that he suggested, because he gave notice
that he was opposed to the amendment of the
committee and should oppose it here.
I can only say with regard to this question that
the matter was thoroughly discussed in the com-
mittee when the Senator from Ohio was present,
and it was decided there that under the circum-
* stances of the case, in view of the considerations
that I have suggested, it was best to raise this
pay. The Senate will do as they please about it.
My opinion remains the same in regard to it.
Considering the number of days these men are
employed, their aggregate pay is not large. If
there is fraud about it, if the assessors allow
them more days than they ought to have, that
cannot be helped here. My friend from Iowa
says it is so, and particularly in the Stateoflowa.
I am sorry to hear that there is such a state of
morals there that better officers cannot be found
to discharge the duties of their offices under this
law. I do not think it is so in my own State. I
do not know what kind of men my friend recom-
mended for appointment to office there under this
'law. I believe the hill is right as it stands, as we
have reported it, and I hope the Senate will sus-
tain it.
Mr. GRIMES. When the news came in from
the battle out West the other day, the Senator
from Maine boasted that the State of Maine had
furnished a large population to the State of Iowa,
and perhaps that fact will account for the conduct
of the assessors in the State of Iowa. [Laughter.]
I have only stated here to-day what I have been
told by the collectors and gentlemen who are fa-
miliar with this subject, and my testimony has
been vouched by a Senator who lives on the At-
lantic coast and sits behind me, and I think tnat
those gentlemen who will take the trouble to ex-
amine the records in the Treasury will find that
such is the case in every State in the Union, that
a very large number of assessors in the agricul-
tural counties where there has been comparatively
no money received and paid into the Treasury
have been drawing compensation where there was
actually no service rendered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the fault of the
assessor. We must trust somebody.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how it maybe
in other sections of the country; but in my re-
giori#these deputy assessors are merchants or law-
yers or doctors in some remote county in the dis-
trict, and while they act as deputy assessors they
perform their regular legitimate business. The
performance of this duty does notinterfere in the
remotest degree with their regular business; and
yet it is now proposed to pay them four dollars
a day for as many days as they shall certify to
the man who appoints them 
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are to be appointed
by the Secretary of the Treasury hereafter.
Mr. GRIMES. But does not the Senator know
how those appointments will be made? On the
designation of the assessor; and 1 believe we do
not require these gentlemen to swear (as you re-
quire every man who pays taxes to support these
men to swear) that they have actually been em-
ployed during the days they draw pay.
Mr. HOWE. I have got such an amendment
to propose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They take an oath to dis-
charge their duties faithfully.
Mr. GRIMES. They takean oath at the com-
mencement when they first enter on their duties
that they will discharge them faithfully *, but they
are not obliged to take an oath to the verification
of their accounts.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not disposed to talk
much more about this matter; but I protest against
Iowa being made the particular illustration of every
part of the country m this respect.- Wo must
provide necessarily for all; and how much is four
dollars a day to pay to men in your large cities
for the few days they are employed, and the kind
of men you want, even with what they get for the
lists? in your large citiesand large manufactur-
ing places you want men who are almost if not
quite equal to the assessor himself in capacity.
What kind of men can you employ for the very
small sum fixed in suoh cases? If they were
employed the year round this amount would be
enough. It is unquestionably true that in some
cases there arc impositions;*but you collect the
great amount of your revenue in the cities and in
the manufacturing towns, and we must act ac-
cording to the necessities of the ca«e with a view
to the very subjcctof revenue itself, and that was
the idea upon which the committee went.
Mr. HOWE. I am entirely satisfied that four
dollars a day is not too high for this class of em-*
ployes. I know I have the pei mission of the
chairman to oppose this amendment, but this is
not one of the amendment I wanted to oppose;
I did not oppose it in committee. I know so far
as I am acquainted with these assistant assessors
that they are not the class of men alluded to by
the Senator from Iowa. They cannot devote a
day to this duty but it takes thorn from their reg-
ular employment. Forinstance, the assistant as-
sessor in the county in which I live is a lawyer,
an industrious, hard-working man. He has to
travel over a large tract of country. He has not
a horse and carriage; he has to hire one at the
livery stable to go into a gemote part of the county.
He cannot devote a day to this duty without pay-
ing out of his pockct nearly the whole amount of
his compensation. He cannotgo to a livery stable
and hire a horse and carriage, ride out into the
country through the various towns, maintain his
horse, and get a dinner for himself, without ex-
pending nearly four dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. lie ought to have a horse.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Kentucky
says he ought to have a horse. 1 think so myself,
and the Government ought to give him one,
[laughter,] but I do not feel disposed to propose
an amendment of that sort. I think you ought
to pay him a sum which will enable him to hire
one, for I do not think you ought to compel him
to go on foot.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I have prepared several amend-
ments, intended to guard against the abuse of
which the Senator from Iowa spoke, ancj I will,
offer them now, or defer them ' ■ -
Mr.-FESSENDEN. I should prefer ttotrth?
Senator would'defer them until the amendments
of the committee shall have been disposed of, :
Mr. HOWE. Very well; butlet'me suggesia
couple of verbal alterations. ' '
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be obliged to ihe
Senator if he will do so. " '
Mr. HOWE. In lines thirty and thirty-one
the section reads, " shall be allowed', after the ac-
count thereof shall have been rendered and ap-
proved by the proper officers." I propose to
alter "allowed" to " paid," and to insert ".to'*
after "rendered."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The altera-
tions proposed by the Senator from Wisconsin
will be made, if there be no abjection. The Chair
hears none.
The next amendment of the committee was m ~
line forty of section twenty-two, to strikeout the
word " m" before "continuance."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-;
ment will be made.
The next amendment was in line fifty-two of
section twenty-two, to strike out the word two"
and insert11 to."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend<-
ment will be made.
The next amendment was to insert the words
" revenue agents and inspectors" after the word
" assessors"in line fifty-three- of section twenty-
two, and to strike out the words '*the States of*9
before "Louisiana" in line fifty-four; so as to
make the proviso read:
Provided fvrlher, That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall he, and ho is hereby, authorized to fix such additional
rales of compensation to bo made to assessors and assist-
ant assessors in canes where a collection district embraces
more than a single congressional district, and to assessors
and assistant assessor*, revenue agent* and inspectors in
Louisiana, North Carolina, Mississippi, Tennessee, Mis-
souri, California, and Oregon, and the Territories, as may
appear to him to be just and equitable, in consequence of
tU(i greater cost of living and traveling in those States and
'IVrntories, and as may, in his judgment, he necessary to
secure the services of competent officers j but the rates of
compensation thus allowed shall not exceed the latcspaicl
to similar officers in such States and Territories respect-
ively.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Before we pass from section
twenty-two 1 desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance whether, having limited
the gross amount of compensation of assessors,
a limit should not also be put upon that of the
assistant assessors. There is no limit in the sec-
tion to the aggregate compensation that assistant
assessors may obtain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is that they
are only paid for the days they are actually em-
ployed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I merely submit if it is not
desirable to impose some limit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how H
coutd be done very well, because that would de-
pend on the circumstances in each case.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section twenty-four, line three, to strike out "one
thousand" and insert "fifteen hundred;"so as to
read:
That thorn shall be allowed to collectors, in full com-
pensation for their soi vices and that of their deputies, a
salary of $1,500 per annum, to he paid quarterly, and in
addition thereto a commission, &c.
The anfendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five of the
same scction, after the word " of" to strike out
" two and one half of one" and insert " three;"
so that the clause would read:
And in addition thereto a commission of three per cent.
Upon the Jiri-t $100,000.
Mr. WILKINSON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. Under the old taw there
was four per cent, allowed upon the first $100,000.
In some of the districts in the new States thecof-
leehons are not large. Take the largest district
in the State of Minnesota, and I think it pays
but a little oyer sixty thousand dollars; and yet
the collector in that district has actually paid
out, as I know—for he lives ip the town where I
reside—to the deputy collectors every cent of the
four per cent, that was coming to him, and also
seveial hundred dollars out of his pocket, rely-
ing on the general clause giving the Secretary of
