1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
connect the places. They are connected by a net- j
work of railroads in the States of Kentucky and
Tennessee away west and south of Knoxville.
It is a perveision of language; it imparts a false
impression; it is a palpable and willful misstate-
'ment of the fact by these high dignitaries to say
that there is any railroad in operation from Louis-
ville to Knoxville. There is a railroad completed
from Cincinnati through Lexington on toNicho-
lasville, in the direction of Danville, which would
constitute one section of a road with Cincinnati
as the northern terminus and Knoxville as the
southern. There is a railroad in operation from
Louisville to Lebanon in the direction of Knox-
ville. These two railroads shorten the distance
from Cincinnati and Louisville lespectively to
Knoxville something like half. From Cincinnati
to Knoxville would be by railroad some one hun-
dred and eighty miles.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose itjs not desirable to
consider this bill to-night; and that it may come
up as the unfinished business of the Senate to-
morrow, with the assent of the Senator from Ken-
tucky I move an adjournment.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will with-
draw his motion for the present, I should like very
much to pass a couple of bills for the relief of two
paymasiers who lost a considerable amount of
greenbacks in a vessel that was destroyed by fire
by the rebels ["To-morrow."]
Mr. CLARK. I suggest they had better not
be taken up to-night. I know what they are.
To-morrow, perhaps, the Senate will give us a
little opportunity to pass some private bills.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 30, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Ferree.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ELIZA CASS WOODBRIDGE.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions
a bill for the relief of Eliza Cass Woodbridge;
winch was read a first and second time by its title.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Eliza Cass Woodbridge, of
the State of Michigan, widow of Francis Wood-
bndge, on the roll ofthc Pension Officeatthe rate
of twenty dollars per month during her natural
life and her widowhood, said pension to date
from January 1, 18G0.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RACHEL MILLS.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, reported a bill for the relief
of Rachel Mills; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place upon the pension roll of the United States
the name of Rachel Mills, of Bmghamton, New
York, widow of Peter Mills, late major m the
United States Army, at the rate of twenty dol-
lars per month, to commence from the 1st of
April, 18G4.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which (he bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I'RANCES PETERSON.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, reported a bill for the relief
of Frances Peteison; which was read a first and
second t'me by its title.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Frances Peterson, of Decatur
county, Indiana, on the pension roll of the Uni-
ted States, at the rate of eight dollars a month, to
date from the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. M. K. SMITH.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the files
the papers in the case of Mrs. Mary Kirby Smith,
asking for special pension, for the purpose of re-
turning them to the claimant.
TORTS OF DELIVERY.
Mr. WILDER. I ask the consent of the House
for the Committee on Commeice to report back
Senate bill No. 249, to establish Port.nnd, in the
State of Oregon, and Leavenworth, in the State
of Kansas, ports of delivery.
There bein^ no objection,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported the bill back
to the House, the question being on ordering it
to be read the third time.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 do not see any necessity for
making Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, a
port of delivery.
Mr. WASXIBURNE, of Illinois. I was very
much of that opinion myself, but the committee
overruled me and directed me to report the bill
back to the House.
Mr. BROOKS. Very well, I suppose the ob-
ject on the Republican side of the House is to
make more offices, and I will not undertake to
object.
The bill was ordered to athird reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, icported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (II. R. No. 44G)
to legulate prize proceedings and the distribution
of prize money, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
TUBLTC LANDS EXPENSES.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee on Public Lands Sen-
ate joint resolution No. 38, explanatory of the
act to reduce the expenses of the survey and sale
of public lands in the United States, approved
May 30, 18G2.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DISPOSAL 01? COAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, by unanimous consent, reported back Sen-
ate bill No. 264, for the disposal of coal lands
and of town property in the public domain, the
question being on ordering the bill to a third read-
ing.
The bill provides that where any tracts em-
bracing coal beds or coal fields, constituting por-
tions of the public domain, and which, as mines,
are excluded from the preemption act of 1841, and
which under past legislation are not liable to or-
dinary private entry, it shall be lawful for the
President to cause such tracts, in suitable legal
subdivisions, to be offered at public sale to the
highest bidder, after public notice of not less than
three months, at a minimum price of twenty dol-
lars per acre; and that any lands not thus dis-
posed of shall thereafter be liable to private entry
at said minimum. The bill makes further pro-
vision for the details of survey and sale of such
lands, and also for protecting the rightsof private
parties relative thereto.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to inquire whether
this bill includes mineral lands.
Mr. JULIAN. It does not; it simply includes
coal lands.
Mr. CHANLER.. I should iike to amend the
bill so as to make it obligatory upon the Presi-
dent to protect the interests of Government sin re-
spect to these coal lands or mineral lands. It is
now left optional for him to act or not as-he may
see fit.
Mr. JULIAN. I will say to the gentleman
from New York there is nolhing in this bill which
contemplates any disposition of mineral lands at.
all. It simply refers to coal lands or coal fields-.
Mr. CHANLER. Well, sir, I consider coal
lands as mineral lands. Atanyratethe rightsof
the Government to one require as much protec-
tion as the rightsof the Government to the other.
1 hope the bill will be so amended as to make it
obligatory upon the President to secure the rights
of the Government in respect to these lands.
Mr. JULIAN. I will s&y that this bill simply
provides for the survey of coal lands and coal
fields and for the sale of the same at a minimum
price of twenty dollars per acre under such reg-
ulations, I believe, as the Commissionerof Public
Lands may prescribe. The bill has been ex-
amined both by the Senate and by the House
committees. It was reported to the Senate and
passed that body unanimously. I think it is
right as it is and I hope it will be passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO KANSAS.
Mr. JULIAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands Senate bill No. 233, mak-
ing an additional grant of lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of railroad and
telegraph lines.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object. I think we have
already appropriated enough of the public land
for one session.
OREGON INDIANS.
The House took up and concurred in a Senate
amendment to House bill No. 442, to authorize
the President of the United States to negotiate
with certain Indians in middle Oregon for a relin-
quishment of certain rights secured to them by
treaty.
JACOB WEIJER.
Mr. NOBLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar-from the
further consideration of House bill No, 203, for
the relief of Jacob Weber, and to put it on its
passage. It is a meritorious private claim, and
has been recommended unanimously by the Com-
mittee of Claims.
There was no objection; and the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar was
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill.
Tfie bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to private Jacob Weber, of the fourth
regiment of Ohio volunteer infantry, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, $913 33, to reimburse him for money ad-
vanced by him to pay Scott Allen, A. Hyatt,
Henry Olden, A. W. Cook, Lewis Shindollar,
and James Garland, who were employed as team-
sters for the fourth regiment of Ohio volunteer
infantry, between the 1st of^August, 1861, and
the 1st of July, 1862, and received the price
of the employment fiom Jacob Weber, who ad-
vanced the same on the quartermaster's certifi-
cates to tho employes, with the assurance of the
quartermaster and the commander of the regi-
ment that the amount so advanced would very
soon thereafter be repaid and refunded to him by
the Government through the quartermaster.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. NOBLE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTER-CONTINENTAL TELEGRAPH.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
take up Senate bill No. 302, to encourage and fa-
