1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
recently constructed naval steamers are failures and wholly
unfnted tor the wotk intended tor them to do.
I have also taken pains to inquire into the merits of the
steam machinery used in the naval service, and my conclu-
sions are without prejudice and entirely uninfluenced by
any party or parties. X havefully conversed with engineers
in civil life, also with our naval engineers, and I here re-
mark that from obseivation and experience with the Navy
engineers I believe them as a body to be an ornament to
this country, and that they combinc theory with practice,
and are doing and have done much to elevate the standard
of mechanical engineering in our country. They are, as a
body, superior to the English engineeis, but I think not
quite equal to the French, andjdo not hold so high a posi-
tion in our service as the corpsof engineers do in the French
navy. We must educate these young men as we do our
midshipmen, give them the advantages of our dock-yard
shops, and send them to sea on practice ships; and attcr
this experience then thoroughly examine them, and if they
pass make them third assistant engineers. I consider the
organization of the imperial corps ot French naval engineers
to be complete. They rank first on the list of ?-talFotiicersof
the navy, are educated in the Government doek-yards,and
the highest in rank, inspector general of naval engineers,
{'corresponding with our chief of bureau, &c.,) ranks with
a general of division (major general;) fiist-class engineeis
with captains of hne-of-battie ships; and so down to the
engineer cadets or apprentices. And I read with pleasure
in our honoiable Secretary's report that it is the intention
of the Navy Department to cducate this important class of
officers at Government expense.
I find from reliable sources that a Mr. Edward N. Dick-
erson, of New Yoik, has been the author of most of the
attacks on our steam navy, and has expended much time
and money in spreading his newspaper articles and pam-
phlets all over the country; also that he is a lawyer by pro-
fession, having ample means, and interested in an import-
ant part of a marine steam-engine known as the "valve
gearing." Fiom evidence collected from naval engineeis
and those in civil life I do not find that he has any leputa-
tion as an engineer, and is consideied a* a soit of enthu-
siast or perhaps monomaniac 011 the subject of coul, expan-
sion of steam, and his peculiar "cut-off;" also that his
engineering opciations so far have been complete failures.
On the other hand the representative of the Steam Bureau,
Chief Engineer lsherwood, although not a practical man
in the strict sense of the word, that is, a machinist by trade,
(and I do not think it necessary that a man mu>t hie and
hammer ii on for seven years to be a good engineer, for there
are so many trades used in mechanical engineering that it
would be impossible to learn them all,) butaman or exten-
sive engineering experience, understanding the working of
mctnls, has had Jong practice at sea, (and while'in foreign
ports, as the English well know, improved his time in
thoroughly inspecting the machinery of their war vessels,)
also having a good education, is a mathematician, and a
sound, clear-headed thinker. This is the opinion of cngi-^
neers and manufacturers geneially, also of the members of
his own corps. 1 know personally that his books have
been read with interest in England, and that English engi-
neers have a very high opinion of his capacity as a marine
engineer, and believe his experiments were faithfully made,
(and not frauds as the public had been led to believe,) and
it would have made anv Ameiican engineer proud to have
heard the waim appioval they gave of his systematic and
thorough wav of experimenting and explaining causes,
effects, &c. *J will here add that the experiments made
with engines and boilers by the Navy Depaitment exceed
anythingofthekmdevertriedm Europe, for they have been
piactical, and if any experiments can give u« light on  uch
subjects those that have been made are very valuable to
the country at large as well as the Navy. 1 have very little
personal acquaintance with Mr. lsherwood,and knowhim
only fiom othurs and by his deeds, nndtiuly believe that he
has not had fair play. lie seems to be a hard-working man.,
while those attacking him, so far as I know, ai e idlcis and
have not much else to do. Unden-tanding that there was
to be an investigation rcgaiding Mr. 1-dici wood'?, machinery
and his official course as an enginen, t presentthefollow-
liig table of Bntish war &teameis with then speeds at the
measured mile; and I know full well what the delusion of
a measured mile trial is, and know that at &ea under ordi-
nary circumstance* thev do not equal the measured mile
time by at least fifteen per cent , and often mure. In i mi-
ning the measured mile (and I have seen itd<mc,and know
all the jockeying,) the sea must be prifectlv Mnooth and
no wind, the ship trimmed and made ready, hoilei - and fi i <'s
clean, furnaces full of burning coal, and s-teiun kept bottled
up until thev near the fh«t "post," then the valves aie
opened wide"an^tlie mile is run. The tables ot speeds of
our owij naval sloop* are taken from the ship's logs in a P ea-
way with sea-sick firemen, and in «omc eiwes burning had
coal. 1 know that there are no steamers in the English and
Fieneh navies of the size of the " SaciameMo eia^s,'; that
under the same eiicuiustances aie  oefttci<nt in point of
speed, economy, and destructive poivcis. i think they admit 1
thR We have no ships to compare with the Mersey and
Diadem frigates, a cla&sof vessels used in the British navy
which enrry powerful batteii<v, have gieat steam power,
and are very fast. For instance, the Mersey frigate, ton-
nage 3,726, draught of water "SO feet? inches, hoi-e-power
4,000, (the length of the stoke-hole or boilci-room in this
steamer is over R8 feet, having 3:2 furnaces.) :-peed at mea*<-
uied mile, Stokes's Bay, 13/29 knots. The .Minnesota class
of frigates are their equals in aunamenf, but not in -speed.
Ourside-whcel gunboats arc far ahead of anything of the
kind used in Euiope, and with a light draught ot about
eight feet of water maintain a speed haidly, if at all, equaled
by any of our fastest meichant steaineis. und an i </ u very
heavy haltcry. Also the vserewgunboaN are vastly siipenor
to the English and French gunboats, both in speed, battery,
and general efficiency; also for operations on our coast,
their very light draught of water makes them a valuable
arm of offense.
Regarding the sloops of the "Sacramento class," they
combine highspeed with ■powerful batteries, although their
exceedingly light draught of water prevent* their being
good sea boats, as they will roll excessively, >et they have
not their equals in the above good points in the British or j|
any other na\y. And these stoops have been presented to h
the public as complete failures, having very slow speeds. I
will present a table of the fastest screw coivettes and sloops
in the 1'ntish navy, having nearly the same tonnage. This
table is compiled fiom a list ot forty-seven corvettes and
sloops, and is the speed made at the measured mile, and not
their full speed at sea, where the conditions are changed
and speed much less:
Totts. Speed per how.
Raccoon  1,467 10 knots.
IVail  1,469 11.31 «
P > lades  1,275 10.11 <c
Satellite  1,462 11.4 '•
As I mention above, these are the (a«test of d class that
coirespond with the Sacramcntoandotherofour new sloops,
and have an average draugtit of fiom twenty to twenty-two
feet of water. These vessels would be entirely unsuitable
for operations on our coast, owing to their great draught of
water; and having this great draught a huge propeller can
be used, will be deeply immersed, and can be made more
efficient than with a lighter draught. This is the opinion
of engineers, and has been confirmed by experience.
The following table gives the speed of our new steam
sloops of about'1,367 tons, and with the very light average
draught of about fourteen feet of water:
Tons. Knots per hour.
Sacramento  **
Aduondack  1,367 12
Shenandoah.....  12.25
Ticonderoga  1,367 12.5
The above speeds were made at sea, and, as their officers
say, " under the usual conditions of crui^ng ships." We
can all see that at the measured-mile trial (after the man-
ner our English friends have of getting the maximum speeds)
a much higher late could be obtained.
Their machinery is much like the well-tried English plans,
having the same valve gearing, but with "surface oi l'tesh-
water condensers," and much higher steam can be carried
by using fresh water in the boilers; also many other im-
portant advantages are gained by the u c of a " surface con-
denser." And it seems that the " Sewall condenser'now
in use on oui naval steameis3is all that can he desned; at
least the. best in use.
Mi. lsherwood advocates the use of a smaller cylinder and
higher steam, and is opposed to complicated machinery,
made to expand the steam to itsful!cste\tent,belicvingthe
end does not justify the means, and that it i- saferaud just
as economical in the end to employ simple and alwaysic-
liahte valve machinery. The success of the English nia-
chinerj is entirely due to exticme simplicity and strength.
After the painful experience with the complicated maehin-
eiy of the Pcnsacola and Richmond, it does seem that Mr.
lsherwood is right m his views. We are a fast people,
and want everything we have to do with to be fast. Oin
naval steameis aie fast, yet they must go faster, even if
they break down in so doing. This is the way the public
feel in this mattci, and the perlormances of the Alabama
and her consoits have made us all ciazy in matleis of
speed. It is one thing to see them at sea, then to overtake_
them, afterwards to capture them. 1 do not think any ot
these puvatecrs steam thirteen knots, and believe theywill
yet be captured bv our new sloops.
I hope our Navv will be cflicient, as it always has done
its duty, and desiie that the best talent in the land shall be
at the helm, but do not see that otheis can do any better
than our present chief-: of bureaus have done; that our ships
and machinery are failuies ; or that Mi. IMicrwood is incom-
petent because he does not agree in all points with those
assailing him.
The Nyp-sic gunboat came to the navy-yaid at Boston
from J'oilsmoutl!, and her ofnceih ?<iid '-*hc made eleven
knot* under steam," and has since been very efficient on
the blockade. The I'cquot, a gunboat of the same class,
has )iM leturncd Irom a tnal tup, which, tiom all that I can
loam, has not been entnely j-atisfactoiy, and did not give
the speed of the N\p ic. Al-o, the tfaco, of the same
class, now fitting out at the Boston yard, has, hjee the I'e-
quot, new and pecuhai machinery, in both ta?es experi-
ment- I mention this to -howthat pnvato establishments
arc engineering for the Navy, and without Mi. lshei wood's
Micee-s. >
In writing the above, 1 have he<m influenced by patri-
otic motives. I neon haic, neither do I expect to receive
any faron fiom Mr. lsherwood or the Navy Department, but
think In- has been abused by men not his equals, and who
eannoi *how equal *uocess under equal ciicnmstances. I
have been a close observer of motive steam machinery,
both at home and abroad, and look at this matter from a
pi actual point of view, and d'-sne to *<>(\fair play, and am
confirmed iirtho above opinions aftei hearing the views oi
both sides
I did intend to make my views known through the pumic
, pies*, but have '•onclmlcd to adopt this method, of wilting
! to influential pcr-on*, behevmsnt to be mote etlcetual.
The English aie most happy to catch at the woid/atfwrc
j win n used in connection with our naval vessels. ;thd are
I only too glad when otu officials are abused. I know this
• from experience with them; and I think the authors of
I such wholesale abu^e, and untiuthful assertions concein-
I jng our chiefs of buteaus and others in authority in the
■ Navy Department, should be punished and made an exam-
{ pie of. Admitting the Department have made some mis-
takes, (and what < ngin''u,shipbuilder,ormanuiactuier has
1 not,) yet on tin; whole thej have turned our the finest naval
1 steamers of their class m the world; and it is with feel-
i nigs ot intense ptide that I see there is a prospect ot our
1 assuming our pioper position rw a first-chix naval Power,
i 1 have repeatedly stated that we can only be inspected
abroad by hav ing a powerful navy, and if this had been the
case when the rebellion wa« instituted, the neutrality lavs
xvonld have hem letter understood hy England and Fiance.
We are now building in ourdock-yaids a class of wooden
cruising ships that in myopinion, after a c.ueful examina-
tion, \vill excel m f peed and sea-going qualities any steam-
ers ever produced by any nation. I would guaranty the
above statement to bccoirect, and believe (having built over
one lumdied sail of squ3ge -rigged sailing ships) l.havecon-
•stiuctcd the fastest sailing vessels ever b,uilt5 and ain pre-
pared to say that the large cruising ships now building in
our dock-yards can hardly be bettered, and we ought at once
to lay the keels of fitly such ships, from one thousand .five
hundred tons upwards, and the machinery Known as "Isher-
wood's" ought to be used to propel them.
**********'
Excuse this long epistle. It is intended todo good, and If
it will add any stiength to the Navy Department, then my
earnest wishes will be gratified.
I have always been considered as very-unfriendly .to the
Navy Department, and in a professional point of view do
not agree with all their plans, but at the same time do hope
that nothing will be done to cmbariass officials that have
done and aie doing much to make us respected abroad.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
DONALD McKAY.
Hon. J. W.Grimes, Member Senate NavalCommitteeyWash-
ington. District of Columbia.
This, Mr. President, is only one of a number of
letters of similar import that I have received from
eminent shipbuilders and men of practical knowl-
edge in naval matters upon this subject.
Mr. President, if it were not for occupying the
attention of the Senate too long, I could not only
demonstrate by authentic statements which I have
lying before me on my desk the truth of the state-
ment niadc by Mr. McKay as to the comparative
speed of our vessels and the fastest vessels in the
British service as enumerated by him, but 1 could
go on and show that other vessels beside those
enumerated by him have made even greater speed
than those mentioned in his letter. It has been
charged, Mr. President, over and over again that
'it is the policy of the Navy Department to con-
fine engineering and the methods of constructing
engines to the plans of Mr. lsherwood. As the
Senate is already informed by the letter of Mr.
McKay, while the Nypsic, which made on her
trial trip upward of eleven knots, and I understand
has since made over thirteen, was built under the
direction of the Navy Department, and with the
lsherwood machinery, the Pequot that has just
teturncd from her tiial trip was built outside of the
Navy Department, and has not accomplished near
as good speed as the Nypsic* which was built by
the Depurtmentproper, instead ofbeing built by a
contractor. But it is not true that the Department
has confined itself to the plans of Mr. lsherwood.
I could enumerate several vessels that are now in
process of construction, and one of them in the
city of New York, a magnificent vessel, the plan
of the engines of which is being prepared by the
very Mr. Dickerson who is so profuse in his at-
tacks on the Navy Department and all its friends.
As to the character of naval engines I am not
qualified to speak. I only look at the results at-
tained. Those results are to my mind entirely
satisfactory. So far as I know, or can understand,
they receive condemnation only from those who
are interested in some patent, some untried pro-
ject, some undeveloped idea, some crazy concep-
tion, and from the friends ot' those persons.
But, Mr. President, it is asked why we do not
catch the Alabama if our vessels are so fast. I
mightask why do younotcatch Moseby ? Moseby
for eighteen months, or nearly that time, has been
living within the lines of the American Army, and
has destroyed three times as much property as the
Alabama has. Do you condemn the Army or the
War Department because he is not caught? Why
do you not catch Forrest? It was with a good deal
of difficulty that you were even able to catch Mor-
gan iw Ohio. Morgan traversed the States of Indi-
anaand Ohio, and would have got away scot-free
at last had it not been for the much-abused Navy.
The trouble is not that our vessels have not speed
enough to catch the Alabama, for the Alabama,
according to the best information that I can get,
is not nearly so fast a vessel as she is represented
to be. Captain Baldwin, who has just returned
on the Vanderbilt, having been in pursuit of her
about a year, and who has been in divers ports
where she had been, who has seen men that had
been attached to her and know thoroughly what
her capacity was, told me in an interview I had
with him a few days ago that she could not ex-
ceed eleven knots an hour. We have plenty of
vessels that will exceed that by two knots an hour.
The difficulty is in finding where she is. The
Florida was going into a port when one of our
vessels was coming out of it. The officcrs on the
Florida said that they could just distinguish the
smoke of a steamer as they were bearing off to the
right, and our vessel was going mat the left. The
next time those two vessels were heard from they
