1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1469
der the supervision of the War Department, has
established a fire brigade in this District, and
which, I understand, is a very well organized and
disciplined body. I think if the Government is
to be called upon to appropriate $4,000 for the
purchase of a new fire-engine, it would be better
that that engine should be under the charge of the
regular fire brigade.
Mr. DUMONT. I will take the responsibility
of withdrawing the amendment proposed by the
committee, and accept the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. Is there any objection? The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I do not know
that I want to object, but I do not think this thing
is precisely understood.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to object
to the withdrawal of the amendment reported by
the committee.
The SPEAKER. Both amendments will then
be considered as pending, although to different
parts of the bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I was going to
ask whether, as we shall have to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to-
day to consider the District of Columbia busi-
ness, it would not be well enough to allow this
bill to go there.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order if
the gentleman makes it.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I would suggest
to the chairman of the committee whether it would
not be as well to allow this bill to be postponed
until the House has disposed of the other bills.
Mr. DUMONT. Very well.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move, then,
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
CORPORATION OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee for the Disti ict of Columbia, reported back
Senate bill No. 126, to amend the act to incorpo-
rate the inhabitants of the city of Washington,
passed May 15, 1820, with amendments.
The amendments were severally read, and
adopted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNION GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. TRACY, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported back Senate bill No.
355, to incorporate the Union Gas-Light Com-
pany of the District of Columbia, with are com-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. PRUYN. Is it in order to move to re-
commit that bill?
The SPEAKER. The motion is in order, but
the gentleman from Pennsylvania reporting the
bill is entitled to the floor to move the previous
question on the bill if he desires so to move.
Mr. TRACY. I move the previous question.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 should like to explain my
reasons for wishing; to have the bill recommitted.
Mr. TRACY, f will withdraw the motion for
that purpose.
Mr. PRUYN. I observe there is a clause in
this bill which tequires this company to furnish
gas of a superior quality to that manufactured by
the old company at a reduced price. Now, I take
it for granted that the principal object in incor-
porating this new company is to carry out that
intention; and if it be so intended it strikes me
that the clause is very carelessly and loosely
diawn to accomplish that object.
Mr. TRACY. I will state that the purpose
named by the gentleman from New York is the
object of the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. I so understand, and for that
leason I desire that the bilj may be recommitted
and so amended as to carry out tiiat object. I |
take it that the present company has sufficient j
capital and sufficient facilities to supply the peo- j
pie of Washington with gas—and Congress too, a [
gentleman in my rear suggests. [Laughter.] I
did not know that Congress came into competition
with this gas company in that respect. Now, it
seems to me that the provisions of this bill are
not drawn with sufficient care to carry out that
object. I think it should therefore be committed
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and its provisions more carefully considered and
drawn.
Mr. TRACY. I do not understand in what
particular the bill is loosely drawn. The com-
mittee supposed the bill as it was drawn was
ample for the accomplishment of the purpose the
gentleman suggests.
Mr. PRUYN. I can only say that from hear-
ing the bill read at the desk it occurred to me that
it was very indefinite in its character. Itprovides
no tribunal by which the quality of this gas is to
be determined. There is no method provided by
which this forfeiture is to be made applicable.
That is all. I know nothing about the old com-
pany or the new company.
Mr.TRACY. 1 suggesttothegentlemanfrom
New York that he could not have listened attent-
ively to the reading of the bill. It provides mol
distinctly that the Secretary of the Interior shall
be satisfied of these facts before they shall be
allowed to connect with the mains of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. PRUYN. I ask the Clerk to read again
the tenth and eleventh sections of the bill.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 10. *flnd be itfurthei enacted, That the said com-
pany is hereby incorporated upon the expie.ss conditions
that it shall furnish gas to all consumers thereof containing
fifty per cent, moie liluimnatnig power than that which
is now furnished by the VVa-hington Gas-Light Company,
and at a co'st not exceeding 5U per thousand cubic feet;
and a failuie to comply with these conditions shuU opciate
as a lorfeitute of this chartei.
tfEC. J1. be it further enacted. That the paid com-
pany shall not be authorized to sell gas until it shall iiave
produced to the mayor of the city of VV aching ton and to the
Secretary of the Interior satistaetory evidence that it ha>
secured or laid down, in a propn and woikmaniike manner,
m the avenues and sheets ot the said city.gfK main" of an
average diameter of at least -six inches and a total length of
not lei* than twenty-five miles; norshall the said company
conncet its mains with the pipes supplying the Capitol
and other public building belonging to the United States
until it shall have produced to the Sceietary of the Interior
satisfactory evidence that it has erected and in operation
good and substantial works and holdeis capable of manntpe-
tuung and stonng a quantity ot gas.ot the quality aforesaid,
sufficient to supply the consumption at ail tnne> letjuued in
the Capitol and public buildings aloiesaid And unless the
said company shall have complied with the requirements
and condition'? in this section pieseubed within two year*
from the passage of this act, the said act shall be null and
void : Provided7 however., That said company "shall have ihe
privilege, at any time, of supplying with their  ?isand light-
ing therewith any street a (ii>tance not exceeding one mile.
Mr. PRUYN. I submit that that does not touch
the question at all.
Mr.TIIACY. I submit to my friend from New
York that it do/'s coverevery point. The condi-
tions are prescribed in the tenth section that the
gas shall be fifty per cent, at least superior in qual-
ity, upon the failure of which the charter itself
is to be forfeited. Then m section eleven the com-
pany is required to furnish evidence that is en-
tirely satisfactory to the Secretary of the interior.
I submit to my fiiend fromNew York thatitdoes
cover the entire ground.
Mr. PRUYN. The statement of the gentleman
only shows how the committee have been misled
in regard to this matter. I do notmean purposely
misled, of course; but they have overlooked the
connection between the language used in the lat-
ter portion of the eleventh section and thatin the
preceding part of the section.
The first part of the section is that they may go
on and lay down these pipes for twenty-five miles,
but shall not connect them with the pipes leading
to the public buildings until the Secretary of the
Interior shall be satisfied, &c.; but the satisfac-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior has nothing
to do with the supply of gas to the citizens along |
these lines of pipes. It does not apply to that at
all.
Mr. TRACY. They are not permitted at all
to connect with the public buildings until the
Secretary of the Interior lias been satisfied that
they have complied with the terms of their charter.
Mr. PRUYN. Certainly.
Mr. TRACY. And one of those conditions is
that the gas to be made shall be at least fifty per
cent, better than that now made here. Unless
they comply with that condition they cannot have
this privilege.
Mr. PRUYN. Butthecompanymaygoonand
lay down twerRy-five miles of pipe and supply
the inhabitants with gas without complying atall
with these conditions. It is true that they must
comply with them before they apply for permis-
sion to connect with tlie pipes leading to the pub*
lie buildings, but suppose they do not apply?
They may supply the citizens of the city with-
out any such necessity. My only object is that
the bill shall carry out the object expressed. If
the company expect to carry it out in good faith,
as I suppose they do, it seems to me that some
changes should be made in the phraseology of
the bill.
Mr. TRACY. I must say that in my judg-
ment, if the gentleman from New York will ex-
amine the bill, he will find that as it now stands-
tills company could not furnish or sell gas to the
inhabitants along the lines of these twenty-five
miles of pipes.
Mr. STEVENS. I will suggest to the gentle-
man who has charge of this bill that it had better-
be recommitted and examined into carefully.
There does seem to be some doubt about its con-
struction.
Mr. TRACY. It seems to me to be perfectly
clear. I do not understand how words could
make it more intelligible.
Mr. STEVENS. But it does not seem so to
others.
Mr. PATTERSON. I confess I am not able
to see the pertinency of the objections of the gen-
tleman from New York to this bill.
This bill has been for some time before the
Committee for the District of Columbia, and it
provides that this gas cannot be used until it has-
been tested and approved by the Secretary of the
Interior and the mayor of Washington.
I will say furthermore that this gas has already
been tested by such men as Professor Silhman,
of New Haven, and has met with his approba-
tion. It has also been tested by the chief en-
gineer at Brooklyn, New York, and has met with
his approbation. It seems to me, I say, that un-
der these circumstances there is no pertinency in
the objection of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. TRACY. I will say in addition that this
bill was reported unanimously by the Committee
for the District of Columbia. They believe thatit
is already guarded as amply as it is in their power
to guard it, and it will be useless, therefore, to
recommit the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. The gentleman,
I take it for granted, means to be correct in the
statement he makes that the Committee for the
District of Columbia reported this bill unani-
mously. I can say m reference to one member
of that committee that I was not present when the
bill was authorized to be reported, but there were
certain provisions contained m another bill which
the committee had before them which I thought
were to be incorporated in this bill; and among
them one which covered the point suggested by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pruyn.]
That provision designated the superintendent of
the coast survey and the secretary of the Smith-
sonian Institution to test and determine the quality
of this gas, I supposed that was provided for in
the Senate bill, but it seems it is not. Another
provision which I supposed was in the bill was
that nothing but money should be received m the
payment of any subscription of the capital stock,
and which I thought was a proper, wise, and safe
provision, I understood that that provision was
in the bill. I certainly thought it was assented
to by the committee.
Mr. TRACY. I can hardly see how my friend
from New York has been led into this error. The
provision leavingthis question to the president of
the Smithsonian Institution and the other gentle-
man he has named was never in the bill. It was
proposed, I believe, by the gentleman from New
Yoik, but it was never inserted m the bill. I un-
derstood that the committee supposed that a bet-
ter tribunal was the Secretary of the Interior; and
that if the Secretary of the Interior wanted the
aid of the scientific skill of these gentlemen he
would call them to his aid. But I do not under-
stand that that provision was ever put in the bill,
or that it was the intention of the committee to
put it there. I had supposed, up to this time, that
the gentleman from New York gave his entire
accord to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Let me aay one
