2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
the Treasury the power to allow auch further sal-
ary as he should deem proper.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will per-
ceive that we increase instead of diminish the
Pafe. WILKINSON. I see you allow ยง1,500
per annum, but you strike down the percentage
to three per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the last bill there was
no salary whatever.
# Mr. WILKINSON. I understand that. Now,
in this district to which my attention has been
called the collector gets nothing at all under the
law. The difference between two and a half per
cent, and three per cent, on ยง60,000 would be
$300. The duties of this officer are just as ardu-
ous and more so than the duties of a collector in
a large city or a county where he would collect
$500,000. He has a vast extent of country to
attend to, and there is no earthly reason why he
should not be reasonably paid. It seems to me
that this $1,500 is to pay for all the services of
the collectorand deputy collectors. It says "that
there shall be allowed to collectors, in full com-
pensation for their services and that of their dep-
uties" 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to suggest that as the bill comes from the
House of Representatives the percentage is two
and a half per cent.? We propose to increase it
to three per cent,, the Senator will observe, thus
enlarging the House proposition.
Mr. WILKINSON. I find I am mistaken and
the committee are right as far as they go, but they
ought to go further and allow the rate fixed by
the existing law, four per cent.
^ Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will be at
liberty after we get through the amendments of
the committee to move to strike out the whole
clause as amended if he pleases, and to make the
percentage more, but of course he does not ob-
ject to our amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON. That did not occur to
me in reading it. I only saw that it was a reduc-
tion from four as the law now is to three percent.
Mr. TRUMBULL, i think there is force in
what the Senator from Minnesota has said; and
in the country districts, especially jn large dis-
tricts of country, the collectors, as he has very
truly remarked, receive nothing. I know a col-
lector in the State of Illinois, a very honest, cor-
rect, faithful, and truthful man as I think, who
has sent me a statement of the tiansuctions in his
collection district showing that he paid out to his
deputies and for the expenses of his office more
than he actually received as compensation. Ina
district where $50,000 is collected the collector
will receive just ยง1,500 under this provision. There
are many districts where there are no more than
fifty or one hundred thousand dollars collected.
I think that four per cent, on the first $100,000
would not be unreasonable, and i think that is the
way it was in the old bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But that did not allow
the $1,500
Mr''TltUMRTJLL. if you allow three per
cent., arid $50,000 is collected, I suppose the col-
lector would not get the three per cent, besides
the $1,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, he would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it the intention of the
committee, that he shall have the $1,500 and the
three per cent, additional?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, and we fixed
it in that way on careful consideration. e
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed the $1,500
would be deducted out of the three per cent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notatall. If he collects
$50,000 he will get $1,500 salary, and the three
per cent, would be $1,500 more, so that his pay
would be $3,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to it
with that understanding.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have made it so that
I think it ought to be satisfactory all around.
Mr. WILKINSON. I still believe that in those
districts where there is less than one hundred
thousand dollars collected four per cent, should
be allowed in addition to the salary, for this rea-
son: thosfe are districts of vast territorial extent,
and wheie the collector is obliged inconsequence
of the great extent of the territory to employ a
large number of deputies. In the large towns,
for instance in a congressional district in the city
of New York, $1,000,000 may be received and the
collector's percentage will amount to a vast sum,
while a collector in a district in a new State where
there isTSut little received has a vast amount of
territory to look to and justfs much labor to per-
form as if he collected a larger amount of money.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I propose the same verbal amend-
ments in this section that 1 did to the section in
regard to assessors. I move to strike out " al-
lowed" and to insert " paid," in th,e fourteenth
line, and to insert " to" after " rendered," in* the
same line.
The PRESIDENT "pro tempore. Thoseamend-
ments will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section twenty-four, line twenty-one, to strike out
the word " cases" and insert " States and Terri-
tories;" so as to read:
Provided, however, That the salary and commissions of
no collector, except in the States and Territories mentioned
in the proviso, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that had better
not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in the twenty-fourth
line of the same section, after the word " than,"
to strike out "four" and insert" five;" so that
the clause will read:
That the salary and commission4! of no collector * *
* * * shall exceed $10,000 in the aggregate, nor
more than $5,000 exclusive of the expenses for deputies
and clerks, to which such collector is actually and neces-
sarily subjected in the administration of his office.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strikeout the fol-
lowing proviso after" office" in line twenty-seven:
Provided further, That nothing contained in this section
shall be construed to allow any collector more than #4,000
per annum, exelu-ive ol stationery, blank-books, and post-
age, and pay of deputies ami clerks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
five, line three, after the word " revenue," to in-
sert " which shall accrue after the 30th of June,
18G4," and in line live, after the word " compen-
sation," to insert " for services after that date;"
ho that the ciau.se will read:
That in Hie adjustment ol' the accounts of assessors and
collectors* of internal revenue, which slialI aeciue after the
30th of June, 1801, and m the payment of their compensa-
tion for services alter that date, the fiscal year of the Treas-
ury shall bo obseived, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the section:
And the salaiy and commissions of asse-sors and collect-
ors heretofoie earned and accrued shall he adjusted, al-
lowed, and paid in coalbrmity to the provisions of this sec-
tion, and not otheiwi.^e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
six, line three, after the word "assessors," to
strike out " respectively."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in line
four " given on" and insert " made upon;" and
in line five to strike out "such " and insei t "each;"
and in line nine to strike out "given on" and in-
sert " made upon."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
seven, to strike out the words " respectively as
aforesaid" after "assessors" in line three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines eighteen,
twenty-two, and twenty-seven respectively of
section twenty-seven to strike out "summons"
ami insert " notice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in lines
thirty, thirty-one, and thirty-two of section twen-
ty-seven the words, " but no such summons
shall be necessary in respect to annual taxes as-
sessed upon any property or articles included in
schedule A of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "as-
sessor," inline thirty-eight, to strike out "or
within twenty days from and after receiving the
list thereof from the assessor," and in line forty-
two, after the word" annual," to strikeout "and"
and insert " or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty, after the
word "chattels," to strikeout "which may be."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made if there is no objection. The
Chair hears none.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
nine, line twenty, after the word " the" to strike
out "place of residence of the person whose;"
and after "estate," in line twenty-one, to strike
out " shall be;" so as to make the clause read:
And the said officer shall also cause a notification to the
same effect to be published in some newspaper within the
county where such seizure is made, ifany such there be,
and shall also cause a like notice to be posted up at the
post office nearest to the estate so ^eized, and in two other
public places within the county.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-three
of section twenty-nine, to insert after " seized"
the words "except by special order of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;" so as to read:
And the place of said sale shall not be moie than five
miles distant from the estate seized, except by special order
of the Commissioner ot Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-nine of
section twenty-nine after the word "person" to
insert " or for which any person may be liable."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twenty-
nine, line one hundred and eight, after the word
" accrued," to strike out the word "in" and to
insert the word " at."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
three, line seven, after the word "credited," to
insert " with all payments of duties or taxes col-
lected;" so that it will read:
That each collector shall be charged with the whole
amountoftaxes, whether contained in lists delivered to him
by the assessors, respectively, or delivered or transmitted to
him by a^sKtaut assessors fiom time to time, or by other col-
lectors, and with the additions theieto, and amount of pen-
alties or foifcituies collected,andshall be credited with all
payment-, of dutu-> ur taxes collected, and with the amount
ot'duties or taxes contained in the ImN transmitted m the
mamtei .ibovc provided to other collector, and by them
receipted as aioiesaid.
Mr. HOWE. I do not like the phraseology
of that amendment, because it does not specify
where these payments are to be made. I do not
know how to state the objection, because I pur-
pose by and by, after I have an opportunity to
consult with the chairman, to move some amend-
ments lequiring all these payments to be made
into the Treasury or the several depositories se-
lected by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This would cover all
everywheie. They are ordered to be paid as it
stands now.
Mr. 1IOWE. I see itwould; butthequestion
is, how complete will be our control over it if we
now adopt this amendment. It is, I think, a very
serious objection to the bill as it stands that it
leaves this matter under the control of the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will observe
that the particular clause on which we are now
acting is merely settling the principles on which
the accounts shall be settled, and has nothing to
do with the person who is to receive the payments.
The amendment was agreeu to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
three, line eleven, after the word " also," to strike
out the word " for" and insert " with;" so that
it will read:
And also with the duties or taxes of such persons may
have absconded or become insolvent prior to the day when
the duty or tax ought, according to the provisions ot this
act, to have been collected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section thirty-
three, line fifteen, to strike out the words" First
Comptroller of the Treasury" and to insert" Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue;" and in line eigh-
teen, after the word " recovered," to insert" who
shall certify the facts to the First Comptroller of
the Treasury;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That it shall be proved to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue that due diligence
was used by the collector, and that no propeity was left
from which the duty or tax could have been recovered, who
shall certify the facts to the First Compti oiler of the Treas-
ury
Mr. HOWE. I wish the chairman would pass
over thai amendment.
