424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
were seventeen thousand Ailes apart. One was
in pursuit of the other, butour officers supposing
that the Florida had gone in one direction went
off in that direction, while the Florida instead of
going in the direction supposed went in an exactly
•contrary direction. The intelligence came to us
only two or three days ago that the Wyoming and
the Alabama were within a short time, when last
heard from .within twenty-five miles of each other.
People do not reflect upon the difficulty of finding
these corsairs. When found they will be easily
caught, unless in the vicinity of a professedly neu-
tral port into which they can dodge. It is the ac-
tion of professedly neutral Powers that prevents
their capture. . .
It was with great difficulty that the British with
all their vast fleet were able to capture our sailing
men-of-war and privateers in the war of 1812. Do
you remember what a chase they had for thatgal-
lant old Commodore Porter, and that finally they
had to run him into the harbor of Valparaiso, a
neutral port, and there capture his vessel? If
Senators wiil take the trouble to read Cooper's
Naval History they will discover that there were
precisely the same clamors raised by the British
people,only more bitterand denunciatory, in re-
gard to the capture of our sailing vessels in the war
of 1813 that some gentlemen now attempt to raise
against the Navy Department because they do not
succeed in capturing the Alabama and her sister
pirates.
Sir, the real difficulty we have to encounter in
the capture of the Alabama is the position as-
sumed by foreign Powers that allows her, the mo-
ment that one of our vessels gets near her, toslip
into a neutral port, and we are not permitted to
follow her in. We are not peimitted to lay off
abreast the port until she comes out •, and if we do
follow her in, our vessels are compelled to remain
there twenty-four hours after she escapes, and
during those twenty-four hours she will have had
such a start of our vessels that it will have be-
come almost impossible to capture her. The Sec-
retary of the Navy, in his very able report to both
Houses of Congi ess at the commencement of this
session, hasstated the obstacles to be encountered
in this regaid better than I can. In that report
he says:
'•The recognition of the rebels as belligerents by tiie
puneip.il mautime IVm-eraat the commencement of ho^td
hies gnvo  treii2th awl diameter to the lnMirieotion winch
it could never have had but tor that recognition. Adecla
ration of iieutialuy between the belligerents- went abioad
fiom Governments with which we wete in nmiiy, eanying
wilh it the semblance of iainuvs, but which in its opei.t-
tton i-> mn-t unjust towaid thi*> Government ami country.
The IJmted States had an extensive commerce which pen-
etrated every sea, while the lebeU were without commerce
or t-bips. The United States had a Navy, and squadrons
on aiino?t every ocean; the lebcl- had not a Mn^le aimed
vo-^el at home or nbumd. With a full knowledge of these
fact* the principal maiitlme l>owei  of Euiope hastened to
P'c omuzc the rebels- a-< h< Uigeients, ami to doe hue that both
the l7< lliiretent^ ,-hotild he floated alike tn then poiM that
the public aimed ve-^eK of neithei Miotild icmain more
than twenty (out hours in their bin hoi-, nor receive -up
plies or as-i-tanee, except such ns miyht be ab-.olutc.lv ne-
ce-:Miv to e.urythem home, and for three mouths there-
afcjt they >honld not asj.un loeeive supplies tu any of the
p"rf* of tho.-e (Joveirunouts. While this pioclaimed neu-
trality did not affect a miijI'' i-lnpot the tehel- ,f<  thev had
not one to be alketcd, it excluded the naval ve^.-el-of the
United States* fioiu the ports ot thepuncipal maritime row-
ers tinou«hout the wuild, except under the tesiiieuoi^
enumerated.
" When the Sumter, a vessel <-tolen from out meiehanN,
made hei escape and went ainoad aimed, but without a
leeo^iuzcd nationality, to muzo and de-noj our im-icli-int-
men upon the high '-e.e-, -he louud, unlike ihe Al^eiine
cor=an.-, K'tii-re and piotection wilbin the m.utluuo juris-
diction ol the great European I'oweis with whom the Uni-
ted \v\ if in triend.-'hip; and finally, after bolus; to!
lowed by our ei ui-eis into tin', hai hoi ot Gibialtar, i-he was
permitted iiy theauthonfie- to leniain not onlytweuty torn
hour.*, but more than twelve mouths, and w <i- eventually
tranpfei red to an En si if h pureha-ei .went to an {'hi^rh-h port,
was refitted,and left" the l'lu«lish sftoies with a contiaband
cargo, and ha  since ruu the blockade, eari}in^ supplies? to
the u be!>.
"The Alabama, the Flouda, the G-'oicia, ate mined
cruisei? built in England, have nn Eniiii-h aim.unetit on
board, and aie manned by crew- who aie ahuo-t exclu-
sively European. Saihnt: sometimes umlei the English and
sometimes under the lebel flag, these roveis, without a
port of their own which they can entei. oi to v\ h;eh they
can send a -ingle pilxe for adjudication. hav  toa'ued ihe
sea«5, eapturinu and de-troying the CHi-meiesa! j-hsp- of a
nation at peace with Gieat liruani and France; but yet,
when tiiese con? lirs have needed iepau  oi -uppUes, they
Uave exporienced no difficulty m procuiing them, bi cau-e
ii had been deemed expedient to recognize the rebels as
belligeients."
Mr. President, it is within the knowledge of all
the member* of this body that when one of onr
vessels went to the harbor of Nassau, where the
rebel vessels had received supplies that they might
prey upon our commercc, our vessel was denied
the same privilege that had been granted to the
rebel cruisers. -
Ck Not onp of the many vessels captured by these rovers
has ever been judicially condemned as a legal capture.
Wanton destruction has been the object andpuipo&e of the
captors, who have burnt and destroyed the property of their
merchant victims.
" This theorv of recognizing rebels as belligeren-tssosoon
a  they lift their aimsagainstthc Government, and thus de-
claring them entitled to national privileges on the high seat
and in the haibois of the woild, although without a portor
navy ot their own, is the inauguration of a new policy in
the histoiy of nations. For a long succession ot years it
has been an important point in the progress of civilization,
and paiticularly among the maritime Poweis, that the po-
lice of the !>ea  should be guarded and maintained by the
subjection of captures to the adjudication of tribunals ad-
ministering the law of nations, which leceive from the
hands of the captor his prize into the custody of that law to
be disposed of by its rules; but the couise pur-ued in fos-
tering and giving encouragement to the rebel lobbers who,
without a iccoginzed national flag or a port at their com-
mand, or any means of bunging their captures to judgment,
are committing their predatoiy acts, is a refutation ot that
Algeriue and Tripohtan svstem which longafihcted the civ-
ilized woild, but which, under ihe lead ot our Govern-
ment, wad cxtcumnated in the eaily pait of the prese.nt
century.
<s Thus far these rovers have escaped eaptuie. While in
the West Indies they were piotected whenever they weic
enabled to flee into a neutral port, or get within a marine
league of I heshot e of aiieutial Government—a piivilege that
wab never m any quarter extended to the Mediterranean cor-
sans. Unfortunately most of the colonial authorities and no
meonsideiablc poition ot the population of the Luropean
dependencies, influenced by the piolossedneutiality which
elevated insurgents arid sought to di grade the national au-
thority to an equality with them, were in sympathy with
the predatory lovers, and, while lending them aid and often
furnishing them with information, interposed obstacles and
manifested uufiieudly feelings to the lawful opeiations ot
the naval forces of the Union."
Captain Baldwin would have capturcd the Ala-
bama at Cape Town had not his letteis been re-
tained by the postmaster at that place—letters
giving him the information he desired to insure
her capture.
Mr. Piesidont, I do not desire to prolong tins
discussion, and will only say a word mote.
Dining this war a great many grand and noble
things have been done, a great many gallant deeds
performed; but in my conviction fifty years hencc
it will be the verdict of mankind that the most
wonderful thing which has been performed has
been the keeping up of the stupendous blockade
that has been kept up by this nation so success-
fully and so long. The blockade is recognized
by all foreign nations as the most efficient that has
ever been maintained. The Navy Department,
commenctng with only eightstcamslups thatcould
be used for blockading purposes at the commence-
ment of the war, and they scattered all over the
world and beyond its reach for many months, has
kept up a blockade, according to the report ofPro-
fessor .Bacho, along the coast from Cape Henry to
the line of Mexico, of 3,549 statute miles. In
this line there are 189 rivets., bays, harbors, inlets,
sounds, or deep openings, ot which 45 are under
six feet in depth at mean high water, 17 aie be-
tween six and twelve fret, 4:2 aie between twelve
and eighteen f«*et, and 32 aie over eighteen feet m
depth. Not one mun in a thousand lias an ade-
quate conception of the difficulties attending the
building, equipping, furnishing, ami mantling the
vessels required lor such a service, nor of the hard-
ships enduied by the officers and nten to whom
the duty is assigned. I say without hesitation,
Mr. President, that the ability of t&is nation to
build and prepare the ships nocessaty to maintain
nsefiVctive a blockade as it has been able to main-
tain during the last thtec yeais will hereafter ex-
cite the wonder and admiration of the woild.
This is not rdl that we have done While we
have been able to do this, we have been able to
keep a floe t in the western waters tnueising the
Red river, the Yazoo, the Cumbeiland, the Mis-
sissippi, the Ohio, Arkansas, Tennessee, and all
the small streams tlmt empty into the Mississippi
south of the Ohio—a service for which we of the
Northwest are willing always and at all times to
return the Navy Department our most piofound
thanks. No man can overestimate the e.ervicey
that the Navy has rendered to us -n t'sat quarter;
and these serwees have been rondeied after over-
coming'ho greatest obstacles.
If ;t be the poipose of the Senate to elicit the
fuels ni regard to Navy contracts, if it be not the
design of gentlemen to overhaul anybody, but to
draw o\u the facts, in order to pa*s preventive legis-
lation, then let some one representing the Depart-
ment he present at that committee, that he may in-
terrogate witnesses in order to elicit the truth. I
understand that we do not now sit here as a court
of impeachment; we do-not send our committee
into this investigation for the purpose of discov-
ering rogues, but for the purpose of adopting such
legislation as may be necessary to prevent roguery,
and that the discovery of the rogues is merely in-
cidental to the main purpose we have in view.
I am satisfied that frauds have been perpetrated.
I have always been satisfied of it. I have known
that they could be perpetrated under the naval or-
ganization since I have known anything about it.
The Department desires a full exposition. It will
not thwart but will aid the investigation. As
I said before, there are three or four gentlemen
around me now who have known what are my
views on that subject, and it is not my fault that
a bill did not pass to pievent these frauds. One
did pass the Senate and went to the other branch
of Congress at a former session and was there de-
feated. All we want now is to draw out the facts
so as to instruct the minds of the Senate as to our
duty,and then I have no doubt (hat we shall enact
a law that will remedy the evils in the future.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor, but yielded to
allow the reception of a message from the House
of Representatives.
DEATH OF HON. J. W. NOKLL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announcing the death of Hon. John W". Noisll,
a member elect to that House from the State of
Missouri.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask that the
resolutions communicated from the House of
Representatives, announcing the death of Hon.
John W. Noell, may be read.
The resolutions were read.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President,without intend-
ing lo make any extended review of the life and
service of the honoiable member from my own
State, i feel it due to the position which he occu-
pied m the affections of the citizens of his district,
to the bold and patriotic stand which he assumed
at the outbreak of rebellion in sustaining the na-
tional Government, to his devoted labor in advo-
cating the passage of an act at the last Congress
to encourage the emancipation of slaves in Mis-
souri, that this occasion should not go by with-
out at least the earnest attestation of those Sena-
tors present who knew him, to his great ability,
to his pure ambition, and to his unfaltering loy-
alty. I did not have the pleasure, sir, of any vet y
intimate personal acquaintance with the deceased,
and cannot, therefore, speak as others have done
of those relations which endeaied him in the do-
mestic circle, and which made him beloved by so
many who differed from him in political views.
But I did know in the last years of his life of the
zeal wilh which he gave his heart to the work of
fieedom, and can bear witness that he had em-
braced tiie faith with all singleness of purpose,
and had determined to prosecute it to a full ac-
complishment.
Mr. President, I submit the following resolu-
tions:
Rtwh e<?,Thatthe ^enatemournn the death ofHon. John
W. Non,r., late a imuubet of the llou-e of Representatives
irom the State ot Mi^omi, and tenders to his widow, elul-
dien, and othet iclative^, asineeiu empathy ni this afllict-
lii" beiravemcnt.
Resolved, That, as a maik of ie,-pcct for the memory of
tiie deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDERSON. Mr. President, previous
to the year 1850 the deceased was unknown to
me except as a young lawyer of some promise in
southeast Missoui i. He was elected, I think, in
that year to fill a vacancy in the State Senate, and
111 the year 1852 he was reelected to serve for four
years in that body. He was elected on both occa-
sions as a Whig, and upon nearly all questions in-
volving the sueeessoftiie principles advocated by
that party he was true to those who had followed
the fortunes of the illustrious Clay. In one partic-
ular, if i icmember aright, he difffiul radically
from his party friends. Dating tins period the
I wholesvstemnf lailroad imptovementm Missoui i
j was projected. The schemes then inaugurated
by the General Assembly resulted in the piesent
j pubbedebtof 0u1 State. That debt,though huge,
lias si veil as a netwoik of roads, which, on the rc-
; tu; nof peace, must furnish us the best guarantee of
