1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
we should enlarge the capacities of that Govern-
ment, organization, rather than expend the money
of the United States upon a voluntary associa-
tion for the same purpose.
Tiie gentleman says, suppose this organiza-
tion, created by the Government for a mere Gov-
ernment put pose, should be abandoned; if that
should be the case, of course the property would
revert; or rather, 1 should not say revert, for it
never would have left the control of the United
States. It would remain where it is now, if this
appropriation should be made, the property of the
United States. It is quite a different thing from
donating the same amount for the benefit of a vol-
untary association, which may be abandoned at
any time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman will allow me to ask a question. The
gentleman speaks of this fire brigade as a Govern-
ment organization, and of the Columbia fire com-
pany as a voluntary organization. I desire to call
his attention particularly to this point, and to ask
him whether tiiis fire brigade is not also a volun-
tary association.
Mr. THAYER. No,sir. As I understand, it
is an organization formed under the auspices of
the Secietary of War. At the bieakmg outof the
war the facilities for puttmgout fnes weie so very
few, and there had such a vast amount of Govei n-
mentpropetty accumulated here, rendered inse-
cure by the lack of these facilities, that the neces-
sities of the case, and a proper consideration for
Government property, required that the Secietary
of War should piovide increased facilities for put-
ting out fnes in this city.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Has there
ever been any legislation of Congress in regard
to that organization ?
Mr. THAYER. I am not aware that there has
been. I am perhaps not perfectly well acquainted
with the history of this organization, pet haps not
so well as my colleague, [Mr. Keli.ky,] and who
I see is on the fluur, who i expected would give
the House some information on this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 recollect
no legislation upon the sublet during the last
Congiess, and i never heard of it befoic.
^ Mr. THAYER, i am not stating that there
has been any legislation on the subject. 1 am
not aware that there has been. But I do know
the fact, and I presume everybody knows the fact,
that such an organization has been created, and
that it is under eontiol of the officers of theGov-
ernment, and I say that that being the ease, it is
better that we should spend this money in a way
in which Government shall certainly duive the
benefit of it, rather than that we should expend
it upon a voluniaiy association which is not un-
der the control of the Government.
* Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, i understand that this
fire brigade 1* simply Hibernia Company No. 3,
from Phihuh Iphia.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No. 1.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Exactly, No. 1;
brought here by Secretary Cameron, and paid a
very high price for protecting the property of the ■
Government, bunging with them their own en- j
gine. Now, as a matter of course, as soon as the
war is ovir, this company will leturn to Phila-
delphia, while this Columbia company is a pei-
manenlJ institution heio, the Government now
owning its engine, owning the building in which
they keep ii, and which, to all intents and pur-
poses, is a Govei nment company; while the other
consists of meie voiunteeis for a particular exi-
gency, and, between the two, is the company to
be relied on for the protection of Government
property. Is it nor, then, better to supply an
engine to this company, located in tins capital,
rather than to a company brought here from
another city for a mere tempoiury purpose?
Mr. THAYER. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will wait until I have concluded what I have
to say. I supposed that he lose to make an. m-
qun y and not a speech. I have taken up moie
time tlnm I expected on this comparatively un-
important subject.
Now, in regard to what has been stated by the
gentleman from Ohio in i efeienee to the Columbia
fire company. That company i.-> now m occu-
pation of a building owned by the Unikd States.
I suppose he will scarcely expect u^ to believe
that the o wnei ship of ! he build i ng will carry with
it the ownership of the engine:
Mr. BEAM AN. Let the amendment be read;
I think that it is misunderstood.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. THAYER. It is true, and I suppose thai
is the object of the gentleman from Michigan m
having the amendment read, that this company
fs under the control of the District authorities.
But that docs not control the right of property
transferred to this company in a steam-engine by
the first section of the bill. On the contrary, it
simply gives the District authorities a control as
it controls all other fire companies which are sub-
ject to the local municipal regulations. So much
for that. The first section of the bill gives the
property to the company.
Now, in regard to what the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morris] stated in regard to the fire
brigade,«nd about it consisting of steam-engines
coming from Philadelphia, 1 suppose the gentle-
man can scarcely be unacquainted with the great
celebrity of the fire system of Philadelphia, and
the famous character which it has acquired
throughout the country for efficiency, and will
not therefore be prejudiced by the fact that the
engines now used come from that city. I presume
that no higher recommendation could be given to
this oiganization under the authority of the Gov-
ernment,and no higher hope of its efficiency could
be inspiied in the minds of any one who knows
anything in reference to the history of this fire
brigade than to state that both t he engines and the
firemen come from the city of Philadelphia, a city
in which fire companies have gained a reputation
which I do not think is exceeded by that of that
desciiption of organization in any other city of
the United States.
But 1 do not intend to take up the time of the
House by prolonging the discussion on a matter
of no gieat magnitude. Itdoes seem to me, how-
ever,to involve a puncipic which ought to be ad-
hered to, and that is, whcic we are called upon to
appropriate money for any purpose the Govern-
ment should employ the agents and means to ex-
ecute thatpuipose. It is our duty to appropriate
money in that way which wdl keep it under the
control of the Government, so as to inure to its-
benefit and advantage rather than to leave the
matter to a company which may have a fluctua-
ting and uncertain existence.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have seen a great many curious bills brought
into this House, especially fiom the Senate, but
1 have never seen any more singular than the one
now pending. The gentleman who has just taken
his seatseems to have addressed his lemaiks more
particulaily to the amendment than in opposition
to the bill. 1 am opposed to the amendment as
well as to the bill; and 1 desire the attention of
the committee for one moment to the character of
this proposition under wluch we are asked toap-
propnate $4,000 of our constituents' money to
buy a fire-engine for the city of Washington.
It appropijutes £4,000 "out of any money in
the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated'' (I do
not think there is any large amount in the Tieas-
ury not appropriated at the ptesent time) for the
purchase of a steam-engine for the use of the Co-
lumbia lire company of Washington city. The
amendment proposes to stuke out the words
" Columbia fne company," and to insert in lieu
thereofthe woi d& £$ fire bi igude established by the
Government," which is a soit of institution not
cleaily defined, so far as I have been able to learn
in this debate.
Mr. THAYER. Allow me to say that I thought
I had clearly defined it. It is an organization
cieatcd by the Secretary ofWai outof the neces-
sities of the Govet nment and under the control of
the War Department for the purpose of adding to
[he facilities for put;in<r out tiros in Washington.
Mr. WASHBURN13, of Illinois. That must
rest upon a slight basis. It is an organization
established by the will merely of the Secretary of
War,and can be disbanded whenever ho pleases.
Mr. THAYER. The pioperty remains m the
custody of the agent of the War Department. I
do not want to be considered as the especial ad-
vocate of this measure. I simply stand here to
say that it is better to appiopnate loan oiganiza-
tion under the control of the Government than to
an irresponsible association.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I differ with
my friend in iegai d to that. Jfan appropriation is
to be made for this purpose f prefer that it should be
made to one of the fire companies of the District,
rather than to this fire brigade, such as I under-
stand it to be. The bill further provides that the
engine shall be purchased for and kept in efficient
condition by the Columbia fire company or by
the corporation of the city of Washington with-
out further charge to the Government.
I now call the attention of the committee to the
proposed amendment. It provides that such en-
gine shall be under the general direction and con-
trol of the municipal authorities of the city of
Washington, or, if the section is amended as pro-
posed, the fiie brigade established by the Govern-
ment, and that nothing in the act shall be con-
strued in any way to impair the authority of the
city government over such fire company, or of
Congress over such fire-engine.
The long and short of the whole matter is that
we are called upon to vote £4,000 to a fire com-
pany in the city of Washington, and I say we
have no more right to do that than we have to vote
£4,000 for an engine company in the city of Ga-
lena, or in the town which has the honor to claim
my distinguished friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] as one of its citizens. We are asked,
notwithstanding all we have done, notwithstand-
ing all we are doing for the city of Washington,
to appropriate £4,000 to one of its fire companies.
There is no end to the greed of this city. We have
paved their stieets, we have lighted them, brought
water into the city at an expense of £5,000,000;
and yet this city of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand inhabitants refuse to sprinkle the streets by
the water Congress has brought to their doors,
and if that is done at all, it will have to be done
by Congress.
I am opposed to this whole thing. I say let
the city raise their taxation, and take care of their
fire companies and their streets, and make them
decent and passable, and if they desire to make
those companiesa ptescntof fire-engines let them
do it themselves, and not call on Congress to com-
pelthe people of the United States to foot the bill.
The ground upon which it is urged that this pur-
chase of an engine should be made for this fire
company is, that it is to protectthe property of the
Government. If the public buildings cannot be
protected without such an appropriation as this,
I say let the public buildings go. I am opposed
to this whole bill, and all like bills.
Mr. PATTERSON. J am surprised to see so
large an amount of eloquence expended upon so
small a matter. It is said by the gentleman who
last addressed the committee that there is no more
reason why we should appropriate £4,000 to buy
a steam-engine for a fire company in Washing-
ton than there is that we should spend £4,000 to
buy an engine for a company in Galena. Itought
to be remembered that the Government itself has
something like £30,000,000 of pioperty in this
city to be protected from fire. In that fact we find
reason why the Government should appropriate
something for the protection of that property
fiom the flames. We should remember also that
there is about an equal amount of property in
this city belonging to the citizenSof Washington.
I wish to know why afire-engine company,be-
cause it is efficient, should be brought from Phil-
adelphia to protect the property of the citizens of
Washington r There may bo very efficient com-
panies in Philadelphia and in New York and in
Boston; but I find no reason in that why they
should be biought here to protect the property of
the citizens of this District, and to be paid more
than the city pays its firemen in this city for pro-
tecting its property.
Mr. THAYER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether the want of efficient facilities here
for properly protecting the property of the Gov-
ernment from conflagration would not, in his
opinion, be a sufficient justification for bringing
here an efficient fire company and their apparatus
from Ncsv York, Philadelphia, orany other place.
Mr. PATTERSON. I say it is yet to be shown
that there is a lack of efficiency in the fire depart-
ment of this City. Letters were put into the
hands of the committee from Professor Bae.be,
and other gentlemen of this city, stating that the
fire department here is one of the most efficient
which they have ever known.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman will permit
me, I would like to ask him whether he does not
know that it was a matter of public notoriety at
the time this fire brigade was created that the
