3424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30.
vouchers. IfGovernmentoffic^rsare to be relieved
from the necessity of making proper vouchers 1
■want to know it, for I assure gentlemen we will
then have plenty of this business. The sum here
is small, but the principle is large.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
the report to be read ?
The report was accordingly again read.
Mr. tjtOLMAN. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Tellers were called for and ordered; and Mr.
Holman and Mr. Far.nswor.th were appointed.
' The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed ami read a third time; and being; engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CARLISLE DOBLE.
Mr.DONNELLY,by unanimous consent,from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
reported back, with a lecommendation that it do
pass, u jomt ievolution (S. No, 40) for the reliet
of Carlisle Doble.
The bill directs the Postmaster General to ex-
amine and adjust the claims of Carlisle Doble for
jurying; the mails between Taylor's Falls, Min-
nesota, and Superior, Wisconsin, in the year
1857, ami to pay him such sum of money as shall
be found justly and equitably due him for carry-
ing iho maiIn aforesaid.
Mr. DONNELLY. I u ill nay that the bill sim-
ply authoi i/"s the Postmaster General to settle the
claim upon principles of equity and justice. In
thi-< the contract was made by the postmas-
ter at Supeiior, Wisconsin, and the Department
has no nsrht to recognize it without special legis-
lation. We auk that the claimant shall be paid
What is niriit.
Mi-. WILSON. What is the amount?
Mi. DUNN ELLY. About nineteen hundred
dollars-.
Mi. STEVENS. Does the bill fix the amount?
Mr. DONNELLY. It does not.
The bill was ordeied to a third reading; and it
was ne<-ordiii«>ly iesx! ihethiid time, and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EDWARD RAM,.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
made nn adverse report on the petition of Edward
Hall; and tin* same, was laid on the table.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBH, from the Committee on Enrolled
Hills, reported that they had examined and found
truly emollcd an act to provide internal revenue
to suppoit tlie Govei nnicnt, to pay the interest
on the public, debt, and for other purposes; when
the Speaker signed the same.
rkliel'' of wisconsin.
Mr. HALE, fiom the Committee of Claims,
lepoited hack, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a joint le^olution (S. No. 8) for the relief
oi the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. IIALE. i will say that the delegation
fr  m Wisconsin ai e unanimously m favor of this
bill; und as it affects the interests of the State or
Wisconsin alone, and of no other State,! hope it
will he passed. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
opetation thereof the bill was oidered to a third
redding, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the in«)f;on to reconsider on the table.
Tin; latter motion was agreed to.
john a. wi1itall.
Mr. MALE, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, an
act (IJ. R. No. Ul) for the lehef of John A.
Whita'l, paymaster in the United States Army,on
account qf stolen \ourhers
The bill authorizes the accounting officers of the
Treasury, in settling the accounts of Major John
A. Whitall, to pass to his credit whatever amount
may be shown to have been paid by him, the
vouchers for which payments have been stolen
from him, provided the said amount does not ex-
ceed the sum of $1,034 50.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VOTE RECORDED.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN asked and obtained leave
to have his vote recorded in the negative on the
Senate amendment, voted on yesterday, allowing
colored persons to testify in the Federal courts.
DISTRICT BOARD OF HEALTH.
Mr. DIIIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced an act to constitute a Board of Health for
the cities of Washington and Georgetown; which
was read a fitst and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
JETHRO BONNEY.
Mr. WINDOM,from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Jethro Bonney;
wliich was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Jethro Bonney $4U0in full for damages
sustained by him by reason of the destruction of
his store by the Army of the United States at the
invasion ofPlattsburg during the war of 1812.
Mr. WILSON. 1 raise the point of order that
this bill make an appropriation, and must be con-
sideiod in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House oi! the Private Calendar, and or-
dered to be punted.
WILLIAM It. PALMER.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of Wil-
liam R. Palmer; which was read a first and sec-
ond tune.
The joint resolution directs the Quartermaster
General to investigate the claim of William R.
Palmer, of Tucker county, West Virginia, for
twenty head of fat cattle, two horses, and two
mules, alleged to have been taken by United States
soldiers in General Milroy's department, in No-
vember, 186:2, and if the same were taken for the
use of the United States to pay the value thereof
to the said William R. Palmer.
Mr. WILSON. 1 raise the same question of
order, that the joint resolution makes an appro-
priation and must go to the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. It is not an appropriation
bill.
Mr.-WILSON. Does it not dircct the pay-
ment of money ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; but not out of any
money in the Treasury not heretofore appropri-
ated .
The bill was engrossed and read the third time.
The question being on its passage,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. WiNDOMand Sweat.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 34, noes 64.
So the joint resolution was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was rejected; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COSTS IN PRIZE CASES.
Mr. GA.NSON, by unanimous consent, offered
a resolution, which was read, considered, and
agreed to, reciting that the costs of proceedings
in the case of the prize steamer William Bagley,
condemned at New Orleans, as charged by the
district attorney, marshal, register, prize commis-
sioner, and attorneys for captors were exorbitant,
and directing the Attorney General of the United
States to investigate the proceedings and examine
into the accounts and fees charged therein, and
to report to the House the items of the various
bills, whether, in his opinion, they are legal, and
if not, wherein they are illegal, and whether any
further legislation is requisite to guard against
exorbitant charges in prize suits.
MEMBERS DRAWING* PAY ILLEGALLY.
Mr. GANSON, by unanimous consent, offered
a resolution reciting that Benjamin P. Loan, a
member of this House, was in the military ser-
vice of the United States as brigadier general un-
til the 8th of June, 1863, had drawn regular pay
as such officer from the Paymaster General of the
United States to the 8th of June, 1863, and had
also drawn pay as a member of this House from
the 4th of March, 1863; also reciting that Green
Clay Smith, a member of this House, was in the
military service of the United States as brigadier
general until the 1st of December, 1863, had re-
ceived his regular pay from the United States as
such officer up to and including the 30th of No-
vember, 1863, and had also drawn and received
pay as a member of this House from the 4th of
March, 1863, contrary to the laws of the United
States; and directing the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House to require said Loan and Smith respect-
ively to refund the amount paid to each of them
as members of this House for the time that they
respectively received pay from the United States
for their services as such military officers, and to
reportto the House without delay.
Mr. LOAN. 1 concur with the propriety of
the suggestion, and have made arrangements with
the Sergeant-at-Arms to have that money repaid.
1 have no objection to the resolution being
adopted. I took my pay when 1 first came here
without paying any attention to the matter. When
my attention was called to it I left the money
there to be refunded.
Mr. SMITH. I agree readily with the remarks
of the gentleman from Missouri. When I came
to Washington I went with my colleagues, called
for my pay, and drew the amount due me up to
that time without reflection for a moment. Some
two months ago my attention was called to it and
1 stated that 1 would make an arrangement by
which the money would be refunded. 1 felt my-
self under obligation to refund it, and so said more
than two months ago.
Mr. GANSON. I have felt bound to intro-
duce this resolution as a matter of duty. I was
fold yesteisiay that the money had not been re-
funded by either gentleman. I have discharged
my duty, and I move that the resolution be
adopted.
The resolution was adopted.
INDIANA AND OHIO CLAIMS.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back House bill No. 295, for the relief of
citizens of Indiana and Ohio, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
a word in favor of this bill.
Mr. WADS WORTH. It is too narrow.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am aware that the first
objection will be that it is partial and will only
apply to one class of cases where losses have
been sustained. Gentlemen will remember,how-
ever, that the general bill for the payment of
these claims has failed m the Senate, and there is
no other alternative left us but to bring in this
special bill and if possible obtain partial relief.
The cases covered by this bill are of a peculiar
character. General Iiobson, while pursuing Mor-
gan 's forces through the States of Indiana and
Ohio in July, 18G3, in order to make his pursuit
effective was compelled to press into service every
horse on either side of the road as far as his
scouts could reach. They were taken without a
moment's notice, and there was generally no time
to prepare vouchers, and in the main none were
prepared or given. The loss fall almost exclu-
sively upon the farming interest, and was pecu-
liarly unfortunate on account of the season of the
year, in the very midst of harvesting, depriving
many farmers of an opportunity to cultivate their
fields and save their crops.
It will be seen that the bill appropriates no
money. It proposes that testimony shall be taken
