THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Y'j4 **,'
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,
Thjrtt-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1864.
NEW $Eiufes.;...No/£15."
touching the property taken and be reported at
the next session of Congress, and then we may
dispose of these claims as the circumstances may
require and as the evidence may warrant. The
bill it is true is partial, but it will facilitate the
adjustment of other claims, at least, by the pre-
cedent it will establish. It is the horses taken
and appropriated byGreneral Hobson we propose
shall be paid for.
*Mr. WADSWORTH. General Hobson, with
liis forces in pursuit of Morgan, passed through
Kentucky on the same occasion and helped him-
self to horses, &c., there. I want to know why
the gentleman fails to include the citizens of the
Stateof Kentucky in his bill. Why is there no
provision to apply to Kentucky, which for the las't
three years has had all manner of losses inflicted
upon her citizens by the Federal officers and
forces? Both armies have not only taken our
horses, but have subsisted upon ourpeople. The
Federal Army has taken horses, subsistence, and
transportation, &c., and has not paid for them.
I therefore do not see why Kentucky should not
be included in this bill.
The only objection i can raise to the bill is that
it is too narrow. It ought to contain provision
for Kentucky as well as for Indiana and Ohio.
There is another thing. We have passed a
feneral law on the subject which would embrace
ndiana and Ohio and which has foiled in the
Senate, and if we pass this special'biH for Indi-
ana and Ohio we may lose the support of the
members from those great States for the general
measure. Arid I trust that the House will never
pass a bill for one or two States and leave out
the States who have suffered many times as much
from the same cause. I am glad, not that the
people of Indiana and Ohio have suffered from
rebel raids, but that since they have suffered we
will have their support for a general measure of
relief including all the States which have suffered.
Mr. HOLM AN. I suggested at the outset that
the argument made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky would be made against the passage of this
bjli. I say there is a difference between the claim
as asserted by Ohio and Indiana, and Kentucky.
I would not indulge in invidious discriminations
between those States, although the gentleman
charges that the act is one of partial justice. The
Representatives from Indiana and Ohio have sup-
ported cordially, uninterruptedly, and pertina-
ciously every measure affecting the rights of Ken-
tucky and demanded by her Representatives, and
especially the general bill which passed the House
for the adjustment of all claims growing out of
the destruction or seizure of property by our mil-
itary forces. Those States now come forward
with this bill for their relief, and we are told that
Kentucky stands upon the same ground; that if
we- pass this Kentucky will lose our support for
the general law. Will the past course of those
States justify this argurfient?
Confining our view exclvsively to the lebol raid
of John Morgao in July, 1863, I must insist that
the States of Indiana and Kentucky do not stand
upon exactly the same footing. From the mo-
ment Morgan crossed the Ohio river he found not
only an army behind him, the same which had
pursued him through Kentucky, but he found the
citizens of that State assailing him on every side,
and from every bush and every tree pouring the
leaden hall upon the invaders. I am not informed
that in passing through western Kentucky Mor-
gan's army met with resistance except from the
organized military force; that force, it was true,
was composed laigely of gallant and loyal Ken-
tuckians. I only refer to the resistance to the
invasion by the people of the country through
which he passed. It is well known that in the
western part of Kentucky there is aVrong dis-
loyal sentiment.. I say this in no spirit of sec-
tionalism or of State jealousy at all. I know there
is not a more loyal people in this nation than the
loyal men of Kentucky. The loyalty of her true
men is entitled to all praise; they have suffered
fearfully by their devotion to the Union; but so
far as the section of country is concerned through
* 215
which this raid passed I do not think in fairness
that the two sections of the country stand on the
same footing. And I say this without impugn-
ing in the least the loyalty of the loyal men and
the loyal portions of Kentucky' 
Mr. WILSON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I hope the gentleman
from Iowa will not cut me off from a reply to this
personal attack.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to finish my sentence.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 was going on to say that in
respect at least to the resistance furnished to this
raid from the beginning, those two States, Ken-
tucky and Indiana, do not occupy exactly the
same ground. Here was an invasion of Indiana
which was met at the outset with resistance, while
the forces passed through the State of Kentucky
without opposition exceptby the organized force,
so fur as I am informed.
1 say again these remarks are not made in any
spirit of depreciation, so far as the loyal men of
Kentucky are concerned. They have done and
suffered more Ihan men generally have done to
maintain their State in its proper relations to the
Federal Government. They have resisted the
invasion of that State by rebel forces, and have
suffered and endured far beyond what mortals
are ordinarily called upon to endure in the rav-
ages of war. But I do not desire to have it under-
stood, desirous as I am to bear testimony to the
gallantry of tiie loyal men of Kentucky, that I
consider that Kentucky can justly complain of
Indiana and Ohio in pressing this measure, even
if itdoes notdoamplejusticetoall parties affected.
I have referred to (lie relation of the several States
to this raid only for the purpose of repelling the
idea that because this is a measure which applies
to Ohio and Indiana alone, and does not embrace
the State of Kentucky, therefore itshould not re-
ceive the favoiable consideration of the House.
This bill wasintroduced by my colleague, [Mr.
Cravens,] and is reported back without amend-
ment. 1 trust it will be permitted to stand upon its
own merits, and not defeated because, as a result
of necessity, it is not as broad and comprehen-
sive as many of us would desire.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Theground upon which
the gentleman from Indiana puts his effort to dis-
tinguish between citizens of neighboring States,
so far as compensation for injuries inflicted by
Federal officers in pursuit of John Morgan is con-
cerned, is not satisfactory to me. It is this: the
people of Ohio and Indiana resisted while the in-
habitants of Kentucky culpably connived at John
Morgan's raid, or, at all events, failed to make
any resistance. If that were true in all its length
and breadth it would form no ground for partial
legislation or of malting any discrimination be-
tween loyal citizens touching losses incunedat the
hands of Federal officers while puisuing the same
public enemy. But it is not true; it is a misap-
prehension entirely of the history of that affair,
and does injustice to the neighbors and unchange-
able fiiendsof Indiana. 1 know something about
that raid. I had the pleasure during that raid of
meeting a distinguished soldier of Indiana at the
head of some of the troops of the countiy en-
gaged in pursuing John Morgan while he was m
the State of Ohio. And I heaid that gentleman
say that the zeal displayed by the citizens of Ken-
tucky in the pursuitof John Morgan would com-
pare favorably with the conduct of citizens on the
north side of the river. \ es, sir, they turned out
in mass in my neighborhood of all ages to resist
and pursue Moigan; and they endeavored to make
that pursuit effectual as far as possible, their
means and opportunity considered. He was pur-
sued through the State of Indiana, not only by
citizens of Kentucky in the Army of the United
States, but by citizens of Kentucky who were not
in the Army, When you come to look at the
character of the troops that pursued him you find
the State of Kentucky well represented, not only
in officers, but in the rank and file. G,eneraI Hob-
son was a Keiituckian; General Shackelford waa
a Kentucluan; Colonel Jacobs was a'Keiituckian;
Colonel Wolford, patriot and soldier as lie is, was
a Keiituckian. They had KentuckjyU'oops press-
ing Morgan; and they all perform®! their duty.
I am here to deny that the loyal men of Kentucky
ever failed to discharge their duty when the pub-
lic enemy was on their soil or on the soil of a
neighboring State.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say in the portions of Kentucky through
which Morgan passed there was any general up-
rising of the people ? I admit that so far as the
Kentucky troops were concerned they did their
duty.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I have never Known
a time when the masses of the people of Ken-
tucky within my observation failed to do all fairly
in their power to hinder, defeat, and overcome
the public enemy. Morgan peuatrated,the.State
of Kentucky with a large force. He came like
a thief in the night, unexpectedly, among an un-
armed population of farmers and workmen whf>
were scattered over the country, in their" peaceful
pursuits. Before they were well awttre or his
presence he had penetrated to the sister State of
Indiana. The people of that State had more no-
tice than we had. But what a shame it is for
any man to shut his eyes to the different situa-
tions of the two States. Kentucky has been
from the start paralyzed by contending armies
and distracted by the faults and crimes of a por-
tion of her own citizens. By their secession from
the Commonwealth they left her weakened and
divided, a prey to everyeriemy, Federal and con-
federate. Perhaps one third of her citizens had
identified themselves with the South in feeling,
in sympathy. A considerable number of her
young men seceded from the State, as the work-
mgmen of Rome seceded in olden time to Mount
Aventine, paialyzing to that extent the Commons-
wealth. And out of what remained Kentucky
has furnished to the Federal Army not far from
sixty thousand men." The efforts and sufferings
for the common cause made and endured by her
patriotic citizens put to shame the efforts of the
citizens of other States. For nearly four- years
a large part of the inhabitants of Kentucky not
in the Army have borne arms for their own de-
fense and the defense of the flag, and at their
own expense. They have borne arms for weeks
and months at a time. These services and sac-
rifices have inured to the- benefit of our sister
States. If the enemy triumphs over the Stateof
Kentucky he will also invade the States of Indi-
ana and Ohio. The citizens of Kentucky claim
no peculiar credit for their action; but they ask
any Legislature that proposes to pay for acts done
by the Federal Government itself ill the pursuit
of the common enemy not to forget these facts.
They protest against that narrow sectionalism
out of place in the speech and the record of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. HoLMANf] when
he taunts them with permitting the public enemy
to pass unobstructed through their State, and
gives this as a reason why a distinction should
be made between the people of adjoining States.
Morgan traversed the State of Indiana, containing
a million and a half of white people all united,
invaded for the first time, with no cause of dis-
cord among them; and they permitted him to
pass through the entire State. Why J, Because
the notice leceived was too brief to enable them
to make any effectual, concentrated^ resistance,
and not from want of zeal for the Union. The
farmers and workirigmen of Indiana, as well as
those of Kentucky, were unarmed and scattered.
The enemy was on their soil almost before they
knew it, and he passed through the State before
they could make a concentrated and effectual
effort to resist him.
Mr. HOLMAN. The taunt which the gentle-
man from Kentucky thinks I uttered- was more
than justified by the still more illiberal assault of
a sectional character made by him on this bill,
he opposing it simply from the fatt that it diu not
