1474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
appropriated by Congress for this purpose, which
is but one twentieth part of one day's expenditure
of this Government. It is but a seven thousandth
part of the annual expenditure of the Government.
And yet I have heard it objected that in a time
like this, when the country is being oppressed
by a great national debt, this appropi lation should
not be made. Is it possible, Mr. Chairman, that
in view of the fact that there is no place in the
District for the,confinement of petty offenders,
the seven thousandth part of the annual expendi-
ture of the Government will not be made to erect
a house of correction m which juvenile offenders
may be reclaimed ?
Mr. BLAIN E. Mr. Chairman, I do not rise to
oppose disappropriation becauseitisasked form
war tiroes. 1.should equally oppose it m times of
profound peace, if there was an overflow of coin
in the national Treasury. I oppose it for this
reason: I happened some five or sixvyears ago to
be designated by the Governor of Maine to exam-
ine into the condition of State prisons thiough-
out the United States, with a view of repotting
whether some reformation might not be made m
theconductof ourown prison, in nearly all, cer-
tainly in a very large proportion ot seventeen in-
stitutions that I visited, there was a large annual
deficit. Among the very worst that I found m
that respect was the penitentiary of the District
of Columbia. I do not hesitate to say that if (he
building esked for by this bill were creeled and
furnished to the Government free of cost, the insti-
tution could not be earned on short of an annual
deficit of twenty to twenty-five thousand dollars.
And that is assuming it to be equal, in point of
economy, to the average of State penitentiaries.
Every one knows that one of those institutions
located here and conducted on the general prin-
ciples of extravagance that operate m Washing-
ton would fall very far behind-the average in re-
gard to economy. In the State of Maine, where
economy is understood pei h«ps as well as it is m
the District of Columbia, I found that if m 1822
the State had accepted the offer of Massachusetts
to take all her criminals,and had paid at the rate
of $2 50 per week for each of them, the Stale
would have saved horn five to eight thousand
doilarsa year for the whole lime.
There is not the shrillest difficulty in having
all the convicts of the District of Columbia sent
to and kept in a State penitentiary at the rate of
$1 25 per week. They need not ail be sent as
far as Albany. There aie two large penitentiaries
in Pennsylvania, one in New Jersey, and one m
Maiyland. Then expense, even if transporta-
tion be taken at fifty (loilais apiece, which is an
extravagant calculation, would be far less than
the expense of maintaining a penitentiary iieie.
In saying that, I am allowing the average cost of
similar iin-titut.ojis to be taken. Although the
$250,000 askt d for the election of a penitentiaiy
here is, considering the pop-Jalion of the Dis-
trict, out of all propoition, yet no gentleman on
this lloorcan believe thai that stun will be ade-
quate to complete U. It will only be the enteimg
wedge. It will only dig the foundations and lay the
corner-stone. Next session there will be another
$250,000 asked, and then another $250,01)0, and
so on. We ought not, as a measure of economy,
to throw away this three qmuters of a million of
dollars in a fi unless attempt to get up a well-man-
aged penitentiary in the District of Columbia.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chan man, I am op
posed to the h'll. In the first place I think the
appropriation too large, judging from what is ex>
petided for penitential lesm other States. In iowa,
with a population of three quartets of a million,
we did not expend mote than half of that called
for in this biii for a penitentiary building.
Now, sir, the figutes winch my friend presents
here for the purpose of showing the necessity of
building tins prison arc entirely at fault. "For
instance, ho says it costs fifty dollars to take a
man lo Albany. Who believes that: These men
do not cost more than ten or fifteen ,dollais each.
Ton or a dozen of them go m chaise of an officer.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The gentleman will
allow me to correct lnrn. That amount has act-
ually been paid for the tianspoitution of ail pus-
onerd heretofme sent to Albany,
Mi. GRINNELL. Then 1 have only to &ay
that it u; a robbery of the Tteawui y of the United
States, and [ am opposed to robbery, whether it
is by this Administiation or any other. I repeat,
that these men pre taken ten or twenty togetiier.
They are chained, and they go in company of a
single officer, or might, and it cannot pioperly cost
more than ten do!lai s for each pnsuner taken thei e.
Now, sir, in legatd to this expenditure of sixty-
five dollars a year for a single prisoner, I know in
several States of this Union that the prisoners ac-
tually bring in an income to the State. It has been
so in my own State, It is so in the State of New
York,and otherStates. The prisonersare not only
not a charge to the State, but are actually a source
ofrevenue. The reports say that. Sir,lettheGov-
ernment here propose to the States of this Union
to take its prisoners by contract. I will guar-
anty,and I would be willing to enter into bonds,
and find good bondsmen to go with me, that the
convicts of the District of Columbia shall be taken
care of without any expense to the Government.
But I have another objection. The appropri-
ation that we are called upon to provide for is
altogether out of proportion to the Government
pioperty of the District. Is it to be said thatthe
Government owns one third of the propeity in
tins District? Whatisitin? Where is it? There
is no truth in it. _ The facts do not justify any
such presumption. The Government does not
own one tenth of the property in this District,
and never has. And now we are called upon to
provide for two thirds and more of the expense
to be incurred in the establishment of this peni-
tentiary.
Sir, this is no time for us to appropriate this
great sum of money. I repeat, that the prisoners
here can all be maintained without any expense
to the Government or to the District. They can
be maintained away as well as they can be here.
And, besides, it is a well-known fact, as the his-
tory of all the public buildings m this District
sIwjws, that whe-n you have appropriated two hun-
dt ca or five hundred t housand dollais for a build-
ing, you h.Tve but just begun. Look at this Cap-
itol. Look attheTreasury extension, and all the
public buildings in this city. The fust appropri-
ation is always merely an entering wedge. Some
gentleman says that was under another Admims-
tiattot). Well, sir, I condemn that Administra-
tion, and I find fault with this Admtnisnation m
regaid to the appropriation of money when it
squandei s. If you appropriate §200,000 now for
tlnw building, you will have only a foundation.
You will be called upon next, year to make an-
other appropriation, andagain the next year, and
so on. It is a desire to expend money, extiav-
agance, and nothing else, when in fact the pi ison-
j eis of tins Distnct can be taken care of without
expense to the Government.
Again, sir,even if the appropriation were to be
nuaie at any time, I could not pistify myself m
bunging on heie now fancy architects, a swarm
ot btiilders, xtone-cutters, and mechanics, to swell
the price of living, when people are sweltering for
room. L'rwng is enormous in this District now.
I am opposed to this bill throughout; for this is
the time for fighting, for economy, and not for
laying corner-stones here preparatory to expend-
ing $1,000,000.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I think the gentleman
from Iowa has offered a very good reason why
this bill should pass. He says that in his State
the penitentiary is sclf-sustaimng. It is not quite
so in Ohio, but approaches it. I think it pays,
perhaps, about four fifths of the expense. Well,
sir, if j penitentiary can be self-sustaining in
Iowa, why should it not be self-sustaining in the
District of Columbia ?
. Air. WILSON. With the peimission of the
gentleman,! wish to state thatthe people of Iowa
wiil be very happy to hear that the penitentiary
of that State is self-sustaining, because they have
never yet found it out. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIliNNELL. Do 1 understand my col-
league to dtny that statement?
Mr. WILSON. Oh no; but I think my col-
league was a little mistaken.
Mr. GIliNNELL. I merely wish to say that
that was the case when I knew something about
the penitentuuy. But my esteemed colleague
happens to lepiesent the penitentiary district of
Iowa now, and I suppose knows more about it
than I do. I presume, therefore, he is correct at
present. I spoke of one per.od in the past.
Mi. PATTERSON. I will state to the gentle-
man from Iowa that it is not only self-sustaining
in New Hampshire, but there is a surplus.
Mr. GRINNELL. I refer to the condition of
things in my State two years ago. I know fioni
the facts which I have heard that the people oi the
State of New York would be glad to take, free of
cost, all the prisoners of the District of Columbia
forthenext five years. Itis a paying institution
with them: and the more prisoners they have, the
larger is their profit.
Mr. MORRIS-, of Ohio. I am glad to learn,
Mr. Chairman, from the statement made by the
gentleman from Iowa, that the prisoners in that
State are self-sustaining. That of itself is a
strong reason in favor of the pending bill and for
the erection of a penitentiary in this District, if
they are self-sustaining in Iowa, I see no good
ground for the belief that they may not be made
self-sustaining in the District of Columbia. 1 am,
therefore, in favor of building this new peniten-
tiary instead of paying $21,000 annually for keep-
ing the convicts of this District in the city of
Albany.
The gentleman says that the amount of prop-
erty owned here by the Government is not one
tenth part of the piopeity of the District. I un-
deistand the value of the Government property
in Washington to be between thirty-three and
thirty-four million dollars, and the value of private
property between thirty-eight and forty million.
Mr. GRINNELL. That depends upon the
time the assessment was made. According to the
value put upon piivate property in the District of
Columbia at this time that would be a supeificial
valuation.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. It has also been esti-
mated, Mr. Chanman, that three fourths of the
piesent transient population of the city of Wash-
ington have been brought here by the exigencies
of the times and because this is the «eat of Gov-
ernment, and therefore three fourths of the ex-
pense of administering the laws of the District
have been incurred through and by the Govern-
ment of the United States. The committee have
assessetl $100,000 on the District. They believe
it to be its }ust proportion. It is for infringe-
ments of the laws passed by Congiess thata peni-
tentiary and house of correction are now needed,
it is because the people of this District have no
voice in the election of the judges, or in the pas-
sage of the laws which th*y are compelled to
obey, that this Government ought, I think, to
bear a fair proportion of the expense incident to
the erection of these buildings.
Whether it is a proper time to now act upon this
measure, I have only to say that in conversing with
the judges of this District they have informed me
that boys of ten and twelve and fouiteen years
aie brought before them accused of petty crimes,
whom they would not send to Albany, and for
svhom there is no house of correction. I ask the
gentleman whether he would rather save the
money appropriated by the bill than save these
young offenders' For myself, sir,! v/ould rather
that the Government should pay this £250,000 for
the erection of a house of collection, with a view
to the reclamation of juvenile offenders, than to
see them sent to the Albany penitentiary. If sent
to a house of correction they might be reclaimed,
and finally be come good citizens. If sent to the
Albany prison we must fear the worst.
In oider that the matter may be brought to a
speedy decision I move that the committee vise
and report the bill with a recommendation that it
pass.
Mr. PRUYN. I have an amendment to offer.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. 1 wiil say to thegen-
tleman from New York that when the bill gets
into the House I do notpropose to cut off amend-
ments. I merely make the motion to expedite
business.
Mr. PRUYN. I prefer to offer my amendment
at this ttme.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Very well, then; hut
I hope that we will be permitted to get the bill
into the f louse at as early a momentas possible.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to strike out the fourth
section.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I do not understand
that it has been read sectiou by section for amend-
ment as yet.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
committee n-s in the nature of a substitute, and it
is in order for the gentleninn from New York to
move an amendment to any part of it.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to move to strike out
