3426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
embracc the State of Kentucky. Fie simply
judges of the remarks that I made by the spirit
which animated hi a own.
Mr. WADSWORTH. The gentleman is as
fiery as our friends in the South who seceded. If
he understood the remarks that I made he would
find no apology for that unnecess. ry attack of his
on the character of the people of the State of
which I have the honor 10 be a native citizen.
I said, sir, that 1 wanted the assistance of In-
diana and Ohio to procure a measure of general
justice to the people of all the States injured by
our Governiffent. I said that there could be no
good reason why in the same raid horses taken
"by General Hobson in Indiana and Ohio should
he paid for and horses taken by the same officer
in Kentucky should not be paid for. The answer
of the gentleman is, that although the general
bill has failed, si ill if Congress will not do justice
to the people of the bordersouth of the Onio river
he hopes they will pass this bill, partial in charac-
ter, for the people of Ohio and Indiana. Sir, I
have learned from no man upon this floor more
than from that distinguished gentleman, that we
ought to set our face againstall partial legislation.
He has spoken a book about partial legislation.
Now; is it fair and just after Congress has re-
fused to pass a bill to do general justice, including
every loyal man for these injuries which have
been inflicted upon him, that, we should pass a
bill sectional in its character foi Ohio and Indiana?
If brought to a direct vote on this bill, I for one
do not say that I will refuse to do justice to Ohio
and Indiana because Congress will notdo justice
to Kentucky, nor have my votes ever indicated
that I would do so. 1 have been disposed tosup-
port measures of relief for citizens from all sec-
tions who have suffered during this warlike losses
at the hands of the Government. I voted to pay
Mr. Armes for the destruction of his property in
Virginia—a New England man, I believe, who
went there and established an academy—and that
too at a time when the whole of my district had
been desolated under the same circumstances and
relief persistently denied by this House. Its court-
houses and every oiherdescription of houses have
been occupied by Federal forces, made forts and
barrack^ of, ond destroyed by the public enemy
for that reason. They remain unpmd for and are
likely to remain unpaid for while this Congress
letaius iis hold on power. 1 have voted to do
justice to nit cluimunts. 1 voted to pay the man
whoso boat and hay was destroyed. I voted to
indemnify Ericsson against losses inflicted by the
Government. I want to know, then, what pari of
my course wm rants the gentleman m saying that
I would upon sectional grounds oppose domgjus-
tice to Indiana and Ohio. Ho has no good war-
rant for any such declaration, and I ti ust he will
recognize in me a fast friend of his people.
What I chum is this, that to pay for horses
taken by General Hbbson in Indiana and Ohio
and not to include pay for the horses taken in ihe
same raid by General Hobson in Kentucky
would be an invidious and unjust discrimination.
Upon what ground could it be put except that
Kentucky does not do her duty and should not
be paid, as the gentleman has alleged ?
Mr. HOLM AN. I do not believe that her loyal
people have not done their duty. 1 referred to
the part of Kentucky through which this raid was
made.
Mr. WADSWORTH. It is unfair to the loyal
people of that patriotic State, who under the most
ml verse circumstances have done tlu ir whole d uty.
Kentucky has been the victim alike of the rebel
power and the Federal Government. Both plun-
der and insult her. Her soil has been given up as
a great battle-field, and we have sent our young
men into the Ai my of the United States in num-
bers beyo*id any just demand upon us. We have
seen both armies in our midst consuming and
trampling out our wealth. And although gentle-
men on the other side by legislation and violence
are interfering with the local affairs and the peace
of that State and the rights and safety of her peo-
ple, yet we have remained true to the flag. We
intend to remain true to it and to die true to it,
but Ik'vp never basely purposed to submit to these
wrongs.
Wiicn \ye have shown this alacrity for the pub-
lic service and for the defense of the country, we
are surely enutled to the consideration of the
House when we present ourjustdemands. Every
generous man will recognize the difficulties which
have environed Kentucky, and not withhold his
admiration for the courage and patriotism with
which her Union JDernocracy have met them; and,
sir, if this Congress, instead of repairing the in-
juries which the Government has inflicted upon
us, will busy itself only with repetitions of worn-
out calumnies against the people of Kentucky,
the time and Congress will come when our wrongs
will be redressed and our motives and conduct
appreciated. We will wait. In the mean time 1
recognize in the gentleman from Indiana a friend
to our people in his whole course upon this floor,
and regret that any misapprehension of the spirit
that animates me toward the patriot people of
Indiana should have betrayed him into the as-
sumption of a role that should be left exclusively
to the extreme right.
Mr. CRAVENS. Mr. Speaker, this is a ques-
tion in which the people of Indiana,and especially
the people of southern Indiana, whom I have the
honor in part to represent upon this floor, feci a
deep interest. They have suffered severely and
deseive the consideration of Congress.
I think that injustice has been done to my col-
league. He has not cast any reflection upon the
people of Kentucky. As 1 understood him it
was this: that when John Morgan passed through
that section of country the people did not rise to
arrest his progress as they did in Indiana. Of
course he made every allowance for the circum-
stances which surrounded the people of Kentucky.
He recognized the value and gallantry of the ser-
vices of Generals Hobson and Shackelford, Col-
onel Jacobs, Colonel Wolford, and other gallant
officers and soldiers of Kentucky who were in
pursuit of John Moigan through our State. Their
services are recognized by every lndianian, and
they gave relief from that marauder by coming
at the opportune time they did.
Rut 1 am not aware that the people of Ken-
tucky, at the time Morgan passed through there,
were in a condition to rise up as they did in In-
diana. Morgan passed over the Ohio atBianden-
burg, in my distuct, and no sooner had he en-
tered the State than he met with resistance at the
veiy threshold and from every quarter. He was
fired upon in crossing the river, and he met with
resistance during his entire passage through the
State. The gentleman says our people were not
prepared to meet and resist him. They did re-
sist him. They met him at the landing on the
Indiana shore, and even before he did land, and
a few brave and determined citizens held him m
check for many houis between Corydou and the
liver, killing many of Morgan's men and losing
some on our side.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I said there was no
general,concentrated effort on the part of that
million and a half of people.
'Mr. CRAVENS. There was a general rising,
and wherever he found a force organized to meet
and resist him he turned away upon another
loute,
Mr. WADSWORTH. 1 am aware that a
large number of them rose up and opposed Mor-
gan, but how many got together in a body ?
Mr. CRAVENS. At least six or seven thou-
sand of our citizens, and not less than sixty thou-
sand of them weie under arms in less than forty-
eight hours. But the condition of the people of
Indiana is somewhat different in respect to this
matter fiom that of the people of Kentucky rep-
icsented mpart by my fuend, I know how much
the people of Kentucky have suffered and sacri-
ficed, and 1 know how much they have suffered
in consequence of a divided public sentiment. I
presume that Morgan when he came to Indiana
expected to meet a divided people there. Indeed
his men said they were assured before they came
there they would meet a divided public sentiment
and derive support from u. But instead of that
these very men who they expected would assist
were the fust men to shoulder their guns to meet
and resist him. The parties he expected would as-
sist him were the leaders of the organization which
spiang up almost in an instant to repel him.
But the point to which 1 wished more particu-
laily to call the attention of the gentleman is
this: that when Morgan came through Indiana,
meeting with the martial legions there, he found
it difficult to pass through the country. He had
to throw out his skhmishers for a distance of five
miles on either side ofhis route and to that extent
he gathered up all the valuable horses, almost
ruining many of our .poor people who depended
on their horses for maturing their crops. Where-
ever he took horses he leftbroken-down horses in
their places. His entire command was mounted
upon ill-conditioned, inferior,and worn-out horses,
which had been long in service. He came with
no fresh horses. Ifhe had come with fresh horses
the presumption would have been that he had
gathered them up in Tennessee and Kentucky.
But he came with an exhausted cavalry force, so
far as his horses were concerned. He took what
he could gather up, and Hobson, in his pursuit,
was compelled to take a wider range to supply
his command with fresh horses: between the rebel
and the Union forces our people were stripped of
all their horses. _ *
Morgan was not captured in the State of In-
diana, but passed through the State,leavtngashe
passed a large number of miserably used-up and
broken-down horses, which the farmers took care
of and rccruited, expecting to keep them in the
place of the good ones taken from them by Mor-
gan. But the Government, through its agents,
demanded these horses from the people, and they
were given up after much care and expense was
bestowed upon them, and they were sold by the
Government for a sum of money in my district
alone amounting to about $00,000. The horses
taken fiom the people by Morgan wheie he was
finally captured m Ohio were also in many cases
taken and kept by the Government without re-
muneration to the citizens. Now I submit to this
House whether or not we can in justice do less
than is proposed by this bill, the Government hav-
ing received the benefit of the horses taken by
Hobson and Morgan both.
Mr. HAR.CUNG. I regiet very much to see
any warmth of feeling springingup between the
Representatives of these two States. There is no
necessity fork. The good citizens of Indiana and
Kentucky know each othei well, and respect each
other. They are on terms of friendship and al-
ways have been. They are not even divided on
that troublesome question which divides States
far remote from each other. We all know what
Indianahasdone. She has acted nobly, bravely,
and grandly. She has poured her troops across
the Ohio river whenever they were needed. But
Indiana has not been subjected to the fiery trials
through which Kentucky has passed.
Mr. CRAVENS. That we are aware of.
Mr. HARDING. Far fiom it, sir. Thegen-
tleman ftom Indiana [Mr. HolmanJ seemed to
think that Kentucky has proved herself less loyal
than Indiana. But their relative circumstances
are very different; and in that view justice has
never yet been done to Kentucky. 1 deny that
the people of Indiana, as a whole, are any more
loyal than the people of Kentucky. I deny that
under such a fiery ordeal any State in the Union
would have turned out any stronger force for the
Union than the State of Kentucky has done. It
is an easy thing in Massachusetts or in other
States far from the scene of conflict for men to be
loyal. It is a man's interest to be-loyal in those
States. But not so in Kentucky. There it costs
a man something to be loyal; often he has to pay
very dearly for his loyalty. He has often to take
shelter in the forest and seek safety there. Let
Indiana or any other State be subject to the same
fiery trial, let the storms of war that have beaten
upon Kentucky beat over them, and then we would
see whether their people are any more loyal than
the people of Kentucky.
That is not all, Mr. Speaker. Indiana and Ohio,
all the States bordering on Kentucky are deeply
interested in ail that she has done. Kentucky has
stood like a wall of fire between them and danger,
and she is not to be taunted with want of loyalty.
Some of her recreant sons have gone; but a host
of her citizens have stood in the breach between
those other States and danger. Had she yielded
and been swept away in this southern revolution,
where would Indiana and Ohio be to-day? The
storms of fiery and bloody war that have fallen
upon Kentucky would have desolated their soil.
But Kentucky bared her bosoqt and confronted
the storm.
In addition to all this, Mr. Speaker, I will say
that for every dollar lost by Indiana through the
act of Federal officers and soldiers Kentucky has
lost a thousand. The horses, provisions, and
grain of her citizens have been taken. In some
