428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
recommended by the committee, was read, as fol-
lows:
- Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Representative*
of the United States of ^Americain Congress assembled, That
the grade oflicutenant general be, and the same is hereby,
revived in ihe Army of the United States; and the Piesi-
dent is hereby authorized, whenever he shall deem it ex-
pedient, to appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, a commander of the Army, to be selected, dur-
ing war, from among those officers in the military scrvtce
of the United States, not below the grade of major geneial,
most distinguished tor courage,skill, and ability; and who,
being commissioned as lieutenant general, shall be uuiboi-
* ized, under the direction oi the-President, to command the
aimies of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the lieutenant
genera! appointed as hereinbefore pi ovided, shall be entitled
to the pay, allowances, and staff specified in the fifth sec-
tion of the act approved May 28,1798; and also the allow-
ances? described in the sixth section of the act approved Au-
gust 23,1842, granting additional rations toeeitain officers:
Provided, That nothing in this bill contained shall be con-
strued in anyway to affect the rank, pay, oi allowances of
Wmfield Scott, lieutenant general by brevet, now on the
retired list of the Army.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House will
pass this bill this morning'. It has been printed,
and I presume members of the House have it be-
fore them. It is very brief. The grade of lieu-
tenant general was first provided for in 1798, but
the act was repealed the following year. It was
again revived in February, 1855, and the rank
was conferred upon Major General Scott.
By the act of Congress of August 3, 1861, pro-
viding for the retirement of certain officers who
had served a long time, it was provided that should
the lieutenant general be retired by virtue of the
provisionsof thatact, it should be with whole pay
and allowance. On the 1st of November, 1861,
Lieutenant .General Scott, fiy his own request,
was retired. Now, this act simply provides for
reviving the grade, and authorizes the President,
whenever he shall deem fit and proper so to do,
to confer the rank of lieutenant geneial upon the
most deserving officer, not below the grade of ma-
jor general, either in theiegular or volun teerforeus,
who, when commissioned, shall be entitled to com-
mand the armies of the United States.
I hope that the House, as I said before, will be
willing to pass this bill this morning. I do not
propose to make any extended remarks upon it.
I think the propriety of the bill addresses itself
to the judgment and good sense of every member.
I call for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 desire to say a word upon
this subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the pre-
vious question, and yield to my colleague on the
Military Committee.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am sorry, Mr. Speaker,
to be compelled to differ with my brother mem-
bers of the Committee on Military Affairs; but
in behalf of a small minority of that committee,
who were opposed to this bill, I will state in a
word the grounds of opposition.
In the first place, we have already a law provid-
ing for a General-in-Chief of the Army, and there
is nothing that a lieutenant general can do for the
service that a General-m-Chief cannot do precisely
as well. The Ptesident hasalready full power to
select any major general from the regular or vol-
unteer service to serve as General-in-Chief. There-
fore this resolution does notarm the President with
any power that he does not already possess, so
far as the necessities of the military service are
concerned.
In the second place, if this resolution be in-
tended to confer an honor, as a prize for great ser-
vices, for distinguished merits, I argue against its
propriety at this time when the great race for the
prizes of the war is not yet ended. It seems to
me improper at this stage of the war to determine
and award the gieatest prize of the war in the
way of military preferment to any one of the dis-
tinguished generals of the Army. It would be
far more fitting for us to wait until the war is de-
cided,and see whose head towers above all othei s
in the Army, and then give it as a crown to the
one who rises highest.
Suppose this bill had been passed, and the ap-
pointment had been made two years ago to-day,
who would have been thenppointee ? Six months
later, perhaps, another man would have been ap-
pointed; and six months later still another would
have worn the honor. I venture to say that if this
bill had been passed heretofore, at four different
periods of the war, we should have had at each
period different men fot lieutenantgeneials. The
scale on which generals stand in the estimation
of the public, and of the War Department, is a
sliding and shifting scale. • Fortune and the acci-
deifls of war exalt a general to-day and cast him
down to-morrow, and I deem it unwise and im-
politic to decide the great prize at a period which
may be the very middle of the war.
In the next placc—and I have only one other
consideration to offer—we all know, I presume,
toward what distinguished general this resolution
points; a man whose head towers high'to-day,
and ho doubt justly so, before the American peo-
ple; but I ask the members of this House if it be
wise, in view of the great wants of our western
army, to recall that man from his activc duties
in the field and make him a bureau officer in Wash-
ington ? I ask gentlemen if it would not be an act
of the highest impolicy, an act of the greatest
danger to the interests of the Army and of the
country in this war, to call off a man who is dis-
tinguished as a leader of armies and make him a
mere bureau officer of the War Department?
I know it may be said that it is not necessary
that he should be called away from the field; 1
know it may be said that the President is not com-
pelled to make this appointment at once; but I
ask you if it is wise for you to open the race and
let a pressure be brought upon the President frojn
this time until he shall make the appointment,
friends here and friends there each pressing his
own particular favorite for the place? Even if a
lieutenant general should keep the field he could
command but one army at a time.
I say, therefore, without sayingaword against
any general, but with the kindest feelings toward
all who may be candidates for this high office,
that this measure is uncalled for, that the inter-
ests of the service do not require it, and that jus-
tice to the man who shall prove himself to be first
when the war is over requires that we do not open
the question now or allow it to be decided.
I shall, theiefore, vote against the resolution.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, the ar-
gument of my colleague of the Committee on
Military Affairs who has just taken his seat is a
twofold argument. I understand his first argu-
ment to be that the war has not progressed far
enough and that we have not given our generals
in the field a sufficient term of trial to enable the
President to select with proper judgment a man
upon whom to confer the rank of lieutenant gen-
eral.
IIis second argument is that the general toward
whom this legislation is directed is so great and
so successful a geneial that it would be dangerous
to take him from the field and put him in com-
mand of the cntne Army of the United States.
In answer to the first branch of the gentleman's
argument I have only this to say: we arc now
very near to the close of the third year of this
war, and while it is true that many geneials in the
Army may be up to-day and down to-morrow,
and that their fortunes fluctuate, it is not true of
the general to whom this legislation applies. His
star has been steadily rising. He has been grow-
ing greater and greater day by day, rising from
an obseuie position, scarcely known out of the
county m which he icsided. By his mastei ly abil-
ity he now stands, without saying anything to
the disparagement of other generals, h'-ad and
shoulders o\ er every other general in the Army of
the United States. Ho has been tited, tried long
enough; and if his star were to go down to-moi-
row he has siill done enough to entitle him to this
prize which the gentleman from Ohio speaks of.
In respect to the last branch of the gentleman's
aigument—thnt it is not safe to take this general
from the field—1 have only this to say: he is no
carpet knight, and it docs not follow necessarily
that because an officer is placed m command of
all the armiesof the United States he is therefore
to keep an office in the second or third story of a
building in Washington, whence he is to issue his
orders. I expect ihat the man who will be se-
lected, in pursuance of this act, to command the
armies of the United States will command them,
and that in the field. Wherever his presence is
most needed there I expect he will be. When
G.meral Scott was commander of the Army of the
United Slates he did not place himself in the city
of Washington and issue his oiders in time of
war. He took the field, and put himself at the
head of the laigest corps. He commanded in the
field, not in the city of Washington. That I ex-
pect will be done by whoever will be selected by
the President of the United States.
As to the argument of the gentleman that it
would not do to withdraw a man from active com-
mand and moke him a bureau officer, it would
apply as well in time of peace as in time of war.
In time of peace we prepare for war, and when-
ever war takes place, then, according to the argu-
ment of the gentleman, the law would have to be
repealed, and the lieutenant general sent immedi-
ately to the front.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois whether this bill contemplates
that whoever shall be appointed lieutenant gen-
eral shall take the actual command of the armies
of the United States, and the present commander
be displaced? If so, I will vote for it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It does, hprovides
that whenever a lieutenant general is commis-
sioned he shall be entitled to command the Army
of the United States.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to offer an ^amendment re-
spectfully recommending the appointmentof Ma-
jor General U. S. Grant as lieutenant general.
Mr. FARNSWOR'l'H. Theamendmentis not
in order. The Congress of the United States has
not the appointing power.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, as it is my
purpose to vote for this bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I am constrained to
say a word because of what has been said by my
friend from Illinois—my colleague on the com-
mittee. I shall vote for it on the simple, abstract
ground that m the organization of the Army, for
the purpose of conducting and commanding the
armies of the United States, I think it proper that
there shall be an officer of the rank of lieutenant
general. I prefer that to having an officer de-
tailed, to be, called General-in-Chief; but I say here
now that in giving that vote I desire to be un-
derstood as not instituting the President, as not
voting for a resolution that has been characterized
as pointing to a paiticular man. I am not will-
ing to take any part of the responsibility of the
selection of the man. I believe that that properly
belongs to the Executive, and with him 1 would
leave it. it is because of this difficulty about the
man alone that I have found it hard to come to a
conclusion to support the bill at all. I am well
aware that if we look back through even the short
history of the war we will see that if someeigh-
teen months ago the Executive of the counti y had
been left to select a lieutenant general to command
al! the armies of the United States he would prob-
ably have taken General McClellnn. At a later
period, just after the battle of Gettysburg, for
instance, it would probably have been General
Meade. At any time duiing his successes in the
Southwest it would probably have been General
Rosecians. Now, the probability is, and indeed
gentlemen look upon itas a matter of course, that
Geneial Giant will be selected. I am unwilling
to enter into these personal considerations at all.
I shall vote for this bill simply on the ground that
in conceding to it my support 1 express the opin-
ion that it is host for the organization of the Army
in its most efficient character that such an office
should exist. But I do not give that vote as an
instruction to any person, lca\mg to thePresident
of the United States his own proper icsponsibihty
to be exercised according to his best judgment,
and as he shall answer for the exercise of that
judgment and responsibility to the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the previous
question on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BOYD. -1 desire to say that I want to in-
quire into the resolution now before this House.
If it is actually necessary m the judgment, of
tins House that a lieutenant general shall be ap-
pointed, I am ready to vote to authorize the ap-
pointmentof one; but! want to know, and I want
this House to understand, whether by this reso-
lution it is intended to appoint a man who shall
take the place of General Halieck as commander-
in-chief of the armiesof the United States, and that
General Hal leek ah.ill be thrown out of h is office?
If General Halieck is to be superseded after hav-
ing remained in office for eighteen months with-
out performing anv active service [laughter] I
want to know it. If genii.-mm want to try some
other man, l«-t them try him. It my friend, Gen-
eial Garfield, wants to tiy General Grant, let
them try him. I am for General Ulysses S.Grant.
