1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3427
portions of my former district the land has been
made desolate. In portions of that district the
rebels had entire possession and control for weeks
and months. The people had everything swept
away from them, and their families were reduced
to beggary and want. And this sometimes by our
own troops, because, in the progress of events
there, our own army, rapidly pursuing or re-
treating, had no time to give vouchers while they
quartered on the country. And now, after Ken-
tucky suffering a thousand-fold more than Indi-
ana, the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Rolman]
attempts to draw invidious distinctions.
Mr. WILSON". I must resume the floor.
Mr. HARDING. I want the gentleman to
understand that I throw no aspersion upon the
State of Indiana.
Mr. WILSON. This subject .will come \ip
again in the morning hour as unfinished business.
I have yielded as long as I can.
Mr. CRAVENS. Justgive me three minutes.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot resist that.
Mr. CRAVENS. I nm sorry to see my friend
from Kentucky manifest so much feeling. In-
diana has recognized the loyalty of Kentucky.
We have neverfailed to sympathize with the loyal
peopJe of Kentucky, and we have never failed
to come to the relief of Kentucky when the op-
portunity has been afforded to us. I have voted
for the relief of hercuizens whenever I could. I
know they are a brave and gallant people. But
kindness and sympathy should be reciprocal.
We have always aided and assisted them, and
now let them support the just claims of Indiana.
I think the hill now under consideration should
be passed without further delay, and I feel that
its justness should commend it to the support of
the honorable members from Kentucky and the
House generally. Indiana will not be found
wanting when Kentucky or any other State may
ask for the passage of a measure so eminently
just and proper as this bill proposes.
Mr. WILSON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired?
■ The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WILSON. I move to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing business on the Speaker's table; which
was disposed of as indicated below:
martha jane skaggs.
An act (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Mar-
tha Jane Skaggs; which was reported from the
Senate with an amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
nathaniel m'lean and others.
An act (H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Na-
thaniel McLean, Richard G. Murphy, and Charles
E. Flandreau; which was reported from the Sen-
ate with an amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
freedmen's affairs.
An act (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau
ofFreedmen's Affairs; which was reported from
the Senate with amendments.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the amendments of the
Senate be referred to the select committee on the
subject, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were referred to the
select committee; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be iaid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pension act.
An act(H. R. No. 406) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions, "approved
July 14, 1862, which was reported from the Sen-
ate with amendments.
Mr. WHALEY moved to non-concur in the
Senate amendments and ask for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
enrollment bill.
An act (H. R. No. 549) further to regulate and
provide for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes, which was re-
ported from the Senate with amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the amendment of the Senate, section
No 12, added by the Senate to floime bill No. 549, in the
opinion of this House contravenes the fir*t clause of the
seventh section of tiie first article of the Constitution of
the United States, and is an infringement on the privileges
of the House, and that the hill with the amendments be re-
spectfully returned to the Senate with a nfessage commu-
nicating tins resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask that the clause in the
bill referred to be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
That for the purpose of paying the bounties and enfor-
cing tin) draft provided fur in this act, there be levied and
eolliHMed, in addition in the duties imposed bylaw, a spe-
cial duty of five per rent, on all incomes exceeding $600,
which duly shall be assessed and collected in the mode
piov.dod in the net enuiled '-Ail act to provide internal
revenue to suppou the Government, to pay niteiot on the
public debt, and for other pnrpo e«.  And this duty shall
be payable on the 1 daj ot Oetobei next, and the Seere-
uny < ( the Tie.wmy is authonzed to prescribe such rules
and iemulations ;is% to the tune and mode of assessment as
will sieuie the collection of ilns special tax.
Mr. STEVENS. There was nothing in tlmt
bill relating to revenue as it left the House. The
Constitution provides that all bills for raising
revenue shall originate in the House of Represent-
atives, but the Senate may propose or concur
with amendments as op other bills. It is so clcarly
a violation of the privileges of the House that I
think it ought not for a moment to be acquiesced in.
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
by whieh the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid 011
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
red river of the north.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of New York, the
House took from the Speaker's table Senate bill
JNo. 272, to facilitate the trade of the Red river of
the North.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to a third reading, and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAViS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
solomon wadsworth.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 288) to amend an act for the
relief of Solomon Wadsworth; which was read
a first and second time by its title.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pi ivateLand Claims.
I ot)]ect to the passage of these piivate claims
through the House unless after a proper investi-
gation by a committee of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
ida hoffman.
! The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
! was a bill (S. No. 289) for the relief of IdaHoff-
j man; which was read a lit at and second time by
its tide.
I The hill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Ida Hoffman, widow of Solo-
mon Hoffman, of Carroll county, Indiana, who
; was killed while in the peifoimance of his duty
1 as deputy provost marshal, on the roll of pen-
aionein, at the tale of eight dollars a month from
tin: 4th ot March, 1864, to continue during her
widowhood.
Tiie bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
lo lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agiced to.
lil/L'E MONT COLLEGE.
' The next bill taken fiom the Speaker's table
! was a bill (S. No. 73) to amend an act entitled
t "An act to enable the tmstees of the Blue Mont
! College to preempt a certain quarter section of
I land," approved March 2,1861; which was read
: a first and second time by its title.
! Mr. ALLEY moved to refer the bill to the
I Committee on Public Lands.
1 The motion was agreed to.
EXEMPLIFICATIONS ,BY LAND OFFICE.
The next bill taken from the, Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 278) prescribing the terms on
which exemplifications shall be furnished by the
General Land Office; which was read a first "and
second time by its title.
The bijl provides tha.t from and after "the 1st
of July'next all exemplifications of patents, or
papers on file or of record in the General Land
Office, which may be required by parties inter- V
ested, shall be furnished by the Commissioner
of that office upon the payment by such parties
at. the rate of fifteen cents per hundred words, and
two dollars for copies of township plats or dia-
grams, with an additional sum of one dollar for
the Commissioner's certificate of verification with
the General Land Office seal; that one of the em-
ployes of the office shall be designated by the
Commissioner as the receiving clerk, and the
amounts so received shall, under the direction of
the Commissioner, be paid into the Treasury of
the United States; effect to be given to the act ac-
cording to such legulationsas maybe prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interior not inconsistent
with the laws of the United States, provided the
fees shall not apply to such authenticated copies
as may be required by the officers of any branch
of the Government, nor to such unverified copies
as the Commissioner in his discretion may deem
proper to furnish.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to amend
by adding the following as an additional section:
Jinct be it further enacted, That the looms and hails of the
first and second floors of the wen wing of the Department
or the Interior building «hall be exclusively appropriated to
the iccoids, file*, and official services of the General Land
Office, with these additional, and now in the occupancy of
that office.
The amendment was agreed to. &
Mr. ALLEY moved that the bill be referred to
tiie Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
potomac ferry company.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac
Feny Company; which was read a first and sec-
ond time by Us title.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, demanded the previous
question.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the bill will be referred
to the Committee for the Districtof Columbia.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The bill has
already been before that committee.
On seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion,
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Morris of Ohio.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes fifty-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
The bill was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george f. nbsbitt.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 305) for the relief of George F.
Nesbitt.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
authorizes and ompcrwers George P. Nesbitt to
put an end to his contract with the United States,
entered into with the Postmaster General on the
27th of March, 1862, for furnishing the Post Of-
fice Department with stamped envelopes and news-
paper wrappers, on giving to the Postmaster Gen-
era! sixty days' notice in writing.
Mr. ALLEY moved the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question oidcred; and under its operation
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
registers and receivers.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
i an act (S. No. 312) to regulate the compensation
