186-1
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1475
the font th section which provides An the employ-
ment of convict labor in the erection of these
buildings, i do not propose to discuss now tin;
propriety of qndcitaldng at tins time the con-
struction of the thiee buildings provided for in
tin; bill. It maybe impoitantto build a house
of coriection, while it may not be important to
build a p( mtentiary. I believe that the expense
of canying on a penitentiary together with the
interest on the cost of the building will lead the
Government into an expenditure every year of
throe, four, or five times the amount they arenow
paying.
In 1862 or 18G3an act was passed by Congress
which contained a ptovision authorizing the Sec-
retaiy of the Interior to contract with the manager
or superintendent of a suitable prison located in
some convenient place for the imprisonment, sub-
sistence, and proper employment of all persons
who should be convicted by the criminal couitof
this District. By the last section of that act it
was provided that whenever a suitable peniten-
tiary should be erected in the Distnct, and com-
pleted for the reception of prisonous, it should be
the duty of the Secretary of the In tenor to cause to
be transferred to such penitentiary nil persons who
shall be then imprisoned outside of the District of
Columbia under the sentence of such court.
Under the authority so conferred, the Secretary
of the Intenor, after conferring, as I believe lie
did, with a Luge number of oifieers of pnsons,
at any rate after doing all he bebe\ed it to be His
duty to do, made a contract with the manager of
the penitentiary at Albany, New Yoik, tor the
confinement and impiisonmeut of convicts there
at the small expense of sixty-five dollats a year
each. The penitentiary at Albany is under the
direction of Cjptam Pillsbury, fonnoily of Con-
necticut, who is known throughout the United
States as {he best prison manager in tins eounti y.
I think I am safe in asserting that; and I believe
the prison at Albany is the only one m tins coun-
try, or an3/ other, that has ever for a long setios
of years, fifteen at least, continually suppoited
itself. Connecticut and New Ilampshne may
also have done so; but it is at any rate the only
one out of New England that has ever accom-
plished that great and much desired end. The
New York prisons at Auburn and Sing Sing have
pet haps, at certain times, and under particular
administrations, taken care of themselves. But
the New Yotk Legislature has continually up to
the present year been compelled to make large ap-
propriations for their State prison institutions; yet
the penitentiary at Albany, with convicts who
are sent there for comparatively short periods of
time, ten, twenty, and sixty days, has taken care
of itself.
Now, it became necessary in consequence of
that contiact with the Government, under which
some one hundred and forty pi isoners were trans-
ferred from this city to Albany, for the ofllccisof
that institution to very much enlarge the build-
ing, and they have gone to a very large additional
expense for the purpose of taking care of these
pnsoneis. Now, it is proposed by the fourth
section ot this bill, notwithstanding the express
language of the sixth section of the act to which
I have refei red, providing that these piisoneis
should not be removed until a penitentiary in the
District should be completed, to take them away
from Albany in violation of the agreement made
by the Secretary of the Interior, and put them to
woik upon the construction of these proposed
buildings, ltisagainst the violation of that con-
tract that f here protest, and therefore ask that
tins fourth section be struck out of the bill. I
have stated facts here which I believe arc uncon-
tiadicted.
The warden of that penitentiary appeared be-
foie the Committee for the District of Columbia
and produced the contiact made by the Secretary
of the Inteiior in conformity with that statute,
and 1 must express my surprise, after that was
done, that tins section should have appeared in
this bill. Whether it was the unanimous act of
the committee, or of a majority, I do not know.
But heie it is, and it is in utter violation of every
piinciplc of good faith applicable to tins contract
between the Sectctaiy and the manage!h of that
institution, under which they have t-'peut a large
sum of money to t.-ike caio of tho&n pusonets.
These are the reasons whi.-h haw induced me
to move to strike out the fourth section
i Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The penitentiary nt
■ Albany is a county prison under the eor'tiol of
| the supervj.sots of Albany count}-, and not under
| the control of the State authorities of New. York
; at all, and that county is making, in my humble
I judgment, a very good thing out of this contract.
I I am not surprised that my fr.iend from New
I York [Mr. Xjruyn] should be found in this mat-
j ter protecting the interests of his constituents,
j I am notsurprised that he should object to a propo-
j sition which would deprive them of the profits
1 they now enjoy, for the pay which they receive
I from the Government, and from profits of the
labor of the convicts of the District of Columbia.
But 1 ask whether it is. not in the power of Con-
giess to annul any contract that the Secretary of
the Interior may have made, whenever it deems
it proper to do so.
Mr. NELSON. 1 think the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morris] misapprehends the position
of my fnend fiom the Albany district, [Mr.
PntiYx.] That position is that a contract has been
made for the care and support of these convicts
at the Albany penitentiary, for a given time, and
it is not right or just that Congress should do
anything to revoke thatcontract. Everyone fa-
miliar with the Albany penitentiary knows that
the authonties there contract not only with the
autiiomies at Washington, but with the author-
ities of diff-uent counties 111 the State of New
Yotk, and u is well known that the rates vary in
piopoition to the length of time the contract is
for. If the convicts are to be kept for thirty days
there is a certain rate paid; if for sixty days a cer-
tain less rate; if for ninety days a still less rate,
and so on. And undoubtedly when the warden
made this contiact with the authonties at Wash-
ington, he had an eye to the time that it would
reqnne for the completion of the penitentiary of
the Disiwot of Columbia, and fixed the rate ac-
cordingly. The county of Dutchess, in which I
reside, although possessing a county jail and
county poor-house, sends her convicts to Albany
penitentiary as a matter of economy, and as the
cheapest way to dispose of them. Is it light or
just for Congiess to revoke the contract made
under those cncumstauces? The question is not
\\ hether Congi< ss has the power to do so, but
whether it is tan* dealing to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 wish to inqniie of my
friend fiom New Yoik [Mi. Nelson] and from
the gentleman from the Albany district, how long
this contract between the warden of the Albany
penitentiary and the authorities at Washington
was to last ?
Mr. NELSON. Till the penitentiary budd-
ing for the District of Columbia should be com-
pleted.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not sec, then, how this
bill conflicts with the contract. The convicts
will remain wln-re they are till the building here
is ready f<>t them.
Mr. NELSON. The fourth section of this bill
proposes to take away the convicts ?md set them
to woik at the building. Thote is no objection
to the building of one or of ten penitentiaries
here, but the Government should keep to the con-
tract it has made.
Mr. MALLORY. I understand that the terms
of the contract are that when the Distnct of Co-
lumbia provides for these prisoners they arc to be
taken from Albany. There is no time specified.
Whenever the authorities here ate ready to take
them, they have a right, undei\this contract, to
take them.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The sixth section of
the act under which these convicts were sent to
Albany provides that whenever a suitable peni-
tentiary shall be erected m the District of Colum-
bia, and completed for the reception of prisoners,
it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to cause to be transferred fiom such peni-
tentiary all prisoners who, under its terms, are
impiisntied outside of the District of Columbia.
| This bill provides that as soon as arrangements
j can be made for the care and safe-keeping1 of the
I prisoners in this Distiiet, they sha'l be employed
j in the erection of these buddings. 1 do not see
j anything very incompatible between the provis-
! ions of this hill and the terms of the contract.
' It was claimed in the discussion of the bill pio-
! vidmg for the puichase of a steam fire-tngtne,
and 1 ihink ;t has been claimed by the genh.man
I fiom Iowa, [Mr CuibKHLi.,] m the discussion of
this bill, that the citizens of Washington ought
to provide all these things for themselves.
Mr. Chairman, as the law now js, the citizens
of Washington aie not paying one cent for the.
maintenance of these prisoners. It is to the in-
terest of the people of this city that this bill should
not pass, because their prisoners are now kept
at the sole expense of the General Government.
But we propose to tax them $100,000, believing
that by the passage of this bill we can maintain
the convicts of this District cheaper than to send
them to Albany. We believe that there is an im-
perative necessity for a new jail audfora house of
correction for juvenile offenders.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a momfent to enable
me to call his attention to the law on this subject
of January 16,1863. The first section of that act
provides:
" That all pprsons who shall hereafter be convicted by the
ciiimnal court of the Distiiet of Columbia of any offense,
the punishment of which by Jaw shall be confinement In
the penitentiaiy, shall he confined during the term for
which they shall be sentenced by said court m some suit-
able prison 111 a convenient State, wlieie they can be era-
ployed at Mutable labor, to be designated by life Secretary
ofthe Interior.5'
Then the second section goes on to say:
" That it shall be the duty of the Secretaiy of the Interior
to contiact \v ith the manageis or superintendent of a suit-
able prison in nomc convenient Statu lot the mipiBomnent
and Milv*Menee and pioper employment of all piisonera
who shah he convicted 111 said eouit of such offenses, on
the hp-t tei m-? that lie can; and he shall, on ot betoie the
tu^l day of each teim of ihe criminal eouit ofthe District
of Columbia, mloim said comt m witting of the designa-
tion and location ot the pnson m which hesltall have made
ptovision lot the contim-meiit and <.uppoitof ptKoners ; and
said eouitsiiall *entence all pcr>ous who i-hall, dunng said
tnm. be convicted of such offenses, to confinement at hard
labot in the prison so designated."
Now, it seems to me we have no authority to
change these sentences that have been pronounced
under this law, confining men in the penitentiary,
designated by the Secretary of the Interior under
the authority of the second section of this act
which 1 have read.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. We took that
responsibility, when we sent them to Albany, of
changing the sentence.
Mr. JOHNSON,of Pennsylvania. Very well.
But it was not tested then,and therefore docs not
change the, question now. It is certainly a ques-
tion whether, by changing their place of confine-
ment, we do n<^t release them from the sentence
confining them m a particular place.
Mr. TRACY. I ask the gentleman if this Con-
gress has not the power of repealing that law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. This Con-
gress, I take it, has not the power of passing an
ex post facto law changing the sentence of a crim-
; mal pionounced m dne course of law, an ex post
! facto law being one which fixes a penalty to an
| act after it is committed, or changes the penalty
I fiom what it was at the timo the act was com-
mitted.
Mr. EROOMALL. The gentleman will allow
me to ask him this question: suppose the peni-
tentiary were burned down, and another built a
mile oft', would we have any power to remove the
convicts theie?
M r. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. That would
be an entiiely different question. This peniten-
tiary, I believe, has not been burned down. It
r( mains in All/any, us it did when the prisoners
were sentenced.
Mr. EROOMALL. Docs that alter the ques-
tion?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsylvania. It does alter
it materially.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. As this is the only
day set apait for the District business,I hope we
shall dispose of tins bill, and unless the question
can be taken now, I will move that the committee
ris'1 for the purpose of closing the debate.
The motion to strike out the fourth section of
the loll was disagreed to.
The substitute reported by the Committee for
the District of Columbia for the wht)Ie bill was
adopted.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move that the com-
miitee lise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and die Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according fo order, had theLnion generally
