1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
States. Of late years, owing to the organization of banks
in the States west of this, their circulation has been more
limited; but they continue to command general confidence,
and are held by many persons as a very reliable seeuiity.
It must be obvjous that it will be a very difficult and a veiy
slow process to withdraw from the hands of the public notes
which have been so long in circulation over so extensive a
district of country, particularly after a reduction has already
been made of well-nigh thirty-three per cent., that is, from
$8,000,000 in 1862 to $5,500,000 in 18G4. To impose a heavy
tax upon this five and a half million of notes, so exten-
sively diffused, and consequently so difficult to get in, will
cause it to operate simply as a penalty for not doing that
which it is impossible to do.
The bill pending is, therefore, unjust and oppressive, in-
asmuch as it not only imposes a heavy peualiy for doing
what was lawful to be done', but that which the parties on
whom the penalty is inflicted have not thepower to*abate
otherwise than through the slow operation of regular busi-
ness transactions.
Your petitioner, therefore, prays your honorable bodies,
if it is deemed expedientand proper tojmposo a penalty on
the issue of bank notes with a view of expelling them from
circulation, to so modify the pending lull as that it may
operate only on such issues made subsequent to its passage,
or may be so graduated as to past issues as to allow a rea-
sonable time for their withdrawal.
All which is lespectfuliy submitted*
J. ANDREWS,
President Board of Control of the State Bank oj Ohio.
Columbus, Ohio, May 19, 1864.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
Page 29., section thirty-two, strike out the clause "that
such association shall select, subject to the approval of the
Comptroller of the Currency, an association in either of the
cities named in the preceding section at which it will le-
dcem its eitculathig notes at par;" and insert in heu theieof
as follows:
That each association organized in any of the cities
named in the foiegoing section shall select, subject to the
approval of the Comptroller of the Currency, an association
in the city of Now Yoik at which it will redeem its circu-
lating notes, at a rate of exchange for all cities west of the
Alleghany mountains not exceeding one quaitei of one per
cent., and for all cities east of tiie Alleghany mountains
at par. And each of such associations may keep three
fifths ofits hiwtul money reseive in cash deposits in the
city of New York. And each association not organized
within the cities named in the preceding section shall se-
lect, subject to the approval of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, an association in either of the cities named in the
preceding section at which it will redeem its calculating
notes at par.
Mr. POMEROY called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
Page 30, section thirty-two, at the end thereof insert as
follows:
Jlnd provided further, That e^eiy association formed or
existing under the provisions of this act fc-hali take and re-
ceive at par, for any debt or liability to said association,
any and all notes or bills issued by any association exist-
ing under and by virtue of this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
Page 34, section fo ty, line seven, insert after the word
"association" the words "and the officers authorized to
assess taxes under State authouty;" so as to make the
clause read :
That the president and cashier of every such association
shall cause to be kept at alt times a full and enneet list of
the names and residences of all the shareholders in the as-
sociation, and the number of shares held by each, in tiie
office where its business is transacted; and such list shall
be subject to the inspection of all the shareholders and
creditors of the association, and the officers authorized to
assess taxes under State authority, during business hours
of each day in which business may be legally transacted.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 53, noes 40.
Forty-first amendment:
Page 33, section forty-six, line nine, after the word "act"
strike out " and nothing m this, act shall be construed to
prevent the taxation by States of the capital stock of banks
oiganized under this act. the same as the properly of other
moneyed corporations, for State or municipal purposes;
but no State #hall impose any tax upon such association-*,
or their capital, circulation, dividends, or business, at a
higher rate of taxation than shall be imposed by such
State upon the same amount of moneyed capital in the
hands of individual cilizens of such State: Provided, That
110 State tax shall be imposed on any part of the capital
stock of such association invested 111 the bonds of tiie
United States, deposited as security for its circulation,"
and insert in lieu thereof as follows:
And in lieu of all existing taxes, every association shall
pay to the Treasurer of the United States, ni tiie months
of January and July, .a duty of one half of one per cent,
each halt year from and after the 1st day of January, 1864,
Ufion the average amount ofits notes in circulation, and a
duty of one quarter of one per cent, each half year upon
the average amount of it* deposits, and a duty of one quar-
tet of one per cent, each half year, as aforesaid, on the
average amount of its capital stock beyond the amount in •
vested in United States bonds; and m case of default in
the payment thereof by any association, the duties aforu-
$ud may be collected in the manner provided tor the col-
lection of United States duties of other eorpoiatiuns, or the
Treasurer may leseive the amountof said duties out of the
jntete-t, as it may become due, on the bonds deposited with
him by .such defaulting association. And it shall be the
duty of each association, within ten days from the lst&ay.s
of January and July of each year, to make a return, under
the oath of its president or cashier, to the Treasurer of the
United States, in such form ashe may prescribe, of the aver-
age amount of its-notes in ciiculation, and of the average
amount of its deposits, and of the aveiage amount of its cap-
ital stock, beyond the amount invested in United States
bonds, for the six months next preceding said 1st days of
January and July as aforesaid, and iu default of such re-
turn, and for each default thereof, each defaultingassocia-
tion shall forfeit and pay to the United States the sum of
$200, to be collected either out of the interest as it may be-
come due such association on the bonds deposited with the
Treasurer, or, at his option, in the manner 111 which penal-
ties are to be collected of other corporations under the laws
of the United States; and in case of such default the amount
of the duties to be paid by such association shall be as-
sessed upon the amountof notes delivered to such associa-
tion by the Comptroller of the Currency, and upon the high-
est amount of its deposits and capital stock, to be ascer-
tained in such other manner as the Treasurer may deem
best: Prodded, That nothing in this act shall be construed
to prevent the market ^alueof the shares in airyof the said
associations, held by any person or body-coiporate, from
being included in the valuation of the personal piopeity of
such person or corporation in the assessment of all taxes
imposed by or under State authority, for State, county, or
municipal purposes, but not at greater rate than is assessed
upon other moneyed capital in the hands of individual citi-
zens of such State? And all the remedies provided by State
laws for the collection of such taxes shall be applicable
thereto: Provided further, That no tax shall be imposed
under the laws of any State upon the shares in any of the
associations authorized by this aetata rate-exceeding that
imposed upon the shares in banks organized under au-
thority of the State where such association is located:
Provided, also, That nothing 111 this act shall exempt the
real estate of associations (torn either State, county, qr mu-
nicipal taxes to the same extent, according to its value, as
other real estate is taxed.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOTCHKISS called for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hotchkiss
and Dawson weie appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
twenty-nine in the affirmative, a fuither count not
being demanded.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays G6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Augustus C. Baldwin, John £>.
Baldwin, Beaman, Boutweil, IJrooks, William G. Blown,
Ambiose W. Claik, Cobb, Daw-1®, Eckley, Eden, Eliot,
Fenton, Goocb, Giidei, {Jt is wold, Chmlee M. [Jams,
flotchlu«s, Asahel W. iluhlmid, John II. Hubbard, llul-
buid, lugersoll, K.Ubfleisch, Otlando Kellogg, Kcinan,
Knapp, Law, Lazeai, Littlejohn, Long, Mallory, Alaicy,
McDowell, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Mooihead, Amos
Myers, P.iueison, Pendleton, Peiham, Pike, Poineroy,
Price, John 11. lliee, Kdwaul II Rollins, llo^s, Sehcnek,
Smith, Struuse, Thayer, Tiacv, Upson, Van Valkenburgh,
Wadsworth, Waid, William 15. Washburn, Whaley,
Wheelei, Williams, and Wilc-on—61.
NAYS—Mes-rs. James C.Allen, Aneona, Bliss, Blow,
Chanler, Freeman Clarke, Coffroth, Cole/Cou, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Denimg, Dcni-
fon, Drigj?!*, Eldridge, Finch, Ganson, G.ufield, Gunnel!,
Harding Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Iloiman, Hoo-
per, Jenekes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son, Keliej , Fiancis W. Kellogg,Loan.Longyenr,Mcllitde,
McCIuil', Widd'eton, Moniil, James U. MonN, Leonaid
Myers, Nelson, Noble, Charles CNotll, John O'Neill, Otlh,
Pruyn, Iladiosd, Samuel J. Unndall, William II. Randall,
Alexander II. Riee, Scofieid, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers,
Spalding, William G. Steele, Stevens, Thomas, Ehhu 13.
Washburne, Webster, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Window,
Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman—GO.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Forty-second amendment:
Page -11, section forty-four, line thirty-four, after the
woids "that no such association thai! have a less capital
than" strike out the words "$100,000, nor less than
$200,090 if in a city of more than fifty thousand inhabit-
ants" and inseit in heu thereof "the amount prescubed
lor banking associations under this act."
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-third amendment: v
Page41,section forty-five,line fourteen,insert:
Provided, That every association which shall be select-
ed and designated as receiver or depositary of the public
money shall take and receive at par all of the national
currency bills, by whatever association issued, winch have
been paid m to the Government for internal revenue, or tor
loans or stocks.
The amendment was concurred in. 6
Forty-fourth amendment:
Page 49, section forty-six, line eighteen, after the word
" currency " insert the words " retaining a copy thereof;"
so as to make the clause read:
And 5uch notaiy public, on making such protest, or upon
receivingsueh admission, shall forthwith forward such ad-
mission or notice of protest to the Comptroller of the Cui-
lency, retaining a copy thereof.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-fifth amendment:
Same page and section, line nineteen, alfcu the word
"default" stuke out the won! '.'and."
The amendment was co.muirved in,
Forty-sixth amendment**.
Same page and section, hue'twenty/" after
"and" strike out the word and?insert after the
word unotice" the words " by hlmj" so that^n? clause
wouldread: - , • ,- *  
And after such default, on. examination; of'the fect^&y
the Comptroller, and notice by him to the assocffatioi ,=U
shall not be lawful for the association suffering
to pay out any of its notes, discount any notes or Ax '
otherwise prosecute the business of banking, fexeept*rrrg~
ceive and safely keep money belonging to It; and Itfdeiiwftr
special deposits. ' - ,
The amendment was concurred in.;
Forty-seventh amendment: t ' ,
Strike out the word "equal" before the word "pgfount"
on page 44, line twenty-four,-scetion forty-seven; so thiit
the section will then read:
See. 47. Jlnd be il further enacted. That 011 receiving
notice that any such association has failed -to redeem'any
of its circulating notes, as specified in the next preceding
section, the Comptroller of the Currency, with the concur-
rence of the Secretary of the Tieasury, may appoint a spe-
cial agent, (of whose appointment immediate notice shall
be given to such association,)' who shall immediately pro-
ceed to ascertain whether such association has lefused fro
pay its circulating notes in the lawful money of the United
States when demanded as aforesaid, and report to the
Comptroller the fact so ascertained; and if, from such pro-
test or the jeportso made,vthe Comptroller'shall be satis-
fied that such association has refused to pay its circulating
notes as aforesaid, and is in default, he shall* within thirty
days after he shall have received notice of such failure,
declare the United States bonds and securities pledged, by *
such association forfeited to the United States, and ihe
same shall thereupon be forfeited accordingly. And there-
upon theComptroller shall immcdiatelygive notice, in such
manner as the secretary of the Treasury shall, by general
rules or, otherwise direct, to the holders p£ the circulating
notes of such association, to present them for payment at
the Treasury of the United State*, and the same shall itfe
paid as presented in lawful money of the United States;
whereupon said Comptroller may,in hi* discretion,cancel
an amount of bonds pledged by such association equal at
current maiket nites, not exceeding par, to the notes paid.
And it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury,
fioin time to time, to make, such legutati'ons respecting the
diJ-po^mou to be made 01 such ciieulaiing notes after pre-
sentation thereof for payment as afoie^ald, and respecting
the perpetuation of the evidence ot the payment thereof,
as may set-in to bun proper; but ail such notes, on being
paid, shall be canceled. And for any deficiency in the
proceeds of the bonds pledged by such association, when
dit-posed of as heieinafter specified, to reiuibuise jo the
United States the amount so expended in paying the cir-
culating notes of mjcIi association, the United States shall
have aflist and parnmount lien upon all the assets of s<uch
association 5 and such deficiency shall be made good out of
such assets in piefeience to any and all other claims what-
soever except the nccessaiy coats and expenses of admin-
istering the  ame.
The amendment was concuned in.
Forty-eighth amendment:
Insert in page 46, linn thirteen, section fifty, the words
"and may, if necessary to pay the debt3 of such associa-
tion and enforce the Individual liability of the stockhold-
ers provided for by the twelfth section of this act;" so that
the aec-uon will then read;
Skc. 50. J3nd be it finther enacted. That on becoming
satisfied, as speeified'tn this act, that any association has
refused to pay its circulating notes as therein mentioned,
and is in default, the Comptroller of the Currency may
forthwith appoint a receiver, and lequireof him such bond
and security as he shall deem proper, who, under the di-
icction of ihe Comptroller, shall take possession of the
book-., records, and assets of evoiy description of such as-
sociation, collect all debts, dues, and claims belonging to
such association, and, upon the order of a court of record
of competent juusdietion, may sell or compound all bad or
doubtful debts, and? on a like order, sell all the real and per-
sonal propeity of t-'uch association, on such terms as the
com t s-hall diiect; and may, if necessary to pay the debts
of such association and enforce the individual liability of
the stockholders provided for by the twelfth section of this
act, &e.
The amendment was concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
Section fifty-three, page 49, line eight, insert the words
" in a suit brought for that purpose by the Comptroller of
the Currency, in his owa name?, before the association
shall be deelaied dissolved;" so that the section will read :
Sec. 53. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if the directois
of any association «.hall knowingly violate, or knowingly
perum any of the officers, agents, or servants of the asso-
ciation to violateany of the provisions of this act, all the
rights, privileges, and franchises of the association deiived
from this act shall be theieby forfeited. Such violation
shall, however, be determined and adjudced bv a proper
cncuit, district, or territorial court of the United States?, in
a suit brought for that purpose by the Comptroller of the
Cunency, in his own name, before the association shall
be deelaied dissolved. And in cases of such violation,
every director who participated in or assented to the sanje
shall be held liable in Ins personal and individual capacity
for all damages winch the association, its shareholders, or
am other petf-on, thall have ^u-tamed in coiisuqueuce of
such violation.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fiftieth and fifty-first amendments:
Section sixty one, page 54, line i-eventeea, aftert.be word
"thud" strike out the words "to suggest}" and line
twenty-one, after the word " fourth" etrilj^ out..the words
"lorepoit;" so that it will read : ^
Sec. 61. Jind he it further enacted, That It shall ho the
