THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
of registers and receivers of the land offices in the
several States and Territories, and the location of
lands by States and corporations under grants
from'Congress, and for other purposes.
The bill received its several readings, and was
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RICHARD FITCH.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
ail act (S. No. 319) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land-warrant to Richard
Fitch.
The bill was read a first and second time. It
directs the Secretary of tiie Interior to issue a
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres ofland
to Richard Fitch of Ohio, in consideration of mil-
itary service rendered in the Army of the United
States during the last war with Great Britain.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill wus passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORPORATION OF WASHINGTON.
. The next business on the'Speaker's table was
an act (c>. No. 321) to authorize the corporation
of Washington to levy and collect the direct tax
imposed by act approved August 5, 1861.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved the pre-
vious question on the third reading.*
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the hill was read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOSPITAL FOlt T111S INSANE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. No. 70) to authorize the ac-
quisnion of ceriain land for the use of the Govern-
ment hospital for the insane.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mi*. STEELE, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote by wliich (he bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GUNBOAT CONTRACTORS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (8. No. 50) for the relief of the
contractors for the machinery of the side-wheel
gunboats known as double-enders.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to ro-
considci the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES A. lIlClIBOttN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 303) for the lelieff of Charles A.
Hicbborn.
The bill was read a first #nd second time. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of*Charles A. Hicbborn, of Hostnn,
Massachusetts, orphan son of the late Alexander
Hichborn, a contract surgeon in the seventh regi-
ment United Stales infant!y, who was killed at
the battle of C'nancelioisville, on the 3d of May,
1663, upon the list of pensioners, at the rate of
twenty doliais per month, tocommencc from the
1st of January, 1SG4, and to continue until he is
sixteen years ofage.
Air. ROSS. ] move that the bill be referred to
the Comrniteeon Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agteed to.
NAVAL PENSION FUND.
The next busings on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. No. (#) regulating the invest-
ment of the naval pension laud.
Tiie joint resolution received its several read-
ings, and was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed -vaiid also, moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL HOSPITAL AT KITTERY, MAINE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 308) repealing so much of an
act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1864, and for other purposes, approved
March 14,1864, as appropriates $25,000 for erect-
ing a naval hospital at Kittery, Maine.
The bill received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moveclto recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF DISTRICT TAX.
An act (S. No. 299) authorizing the levy court
of Washington county, m the District of Co-
lumbia, to levy and collect its portion of the di-
rect tax imposed by the act of Congress of Au-
gust 5, 186i, was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second^time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly lead the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to leconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT CRAWFORD RESERVATION.
An act (S. No. 301) for the sale of a lot of
land in Iowa in the Fort Crawford reservation
was taken fiom the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
The bill makes it lawful for the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to cause to be sold,
after public notice, the tract descubed as lot No.
], m township ninety-five north, of range three
west, of the lifell principal meridian, in the-State
of Iowa, situated in what is known as the Fort
Crawford , military reservation, subject to such
minimum price per acre as the Commissioner may
establish as fair and reasonable, not less than
$2 50 per acie.
The b.ll was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
DESKimONS FKVM THE NAVY.
An act (S. No. 351) ptescribing the punish-
ment for enticing or aiding seamen to desert the
naval service of the United Suites was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
| second tnrie. *
i The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
I was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
I Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
• si dor the vote by which the bill was passed; and
! also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
! table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED DILLS.
Air. COBB, fiom the Committee on Enrolled
j Bills, repoited that the committee had examined :
| and found truly enrolled bills of the following
f titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
[ An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
I Company of the Disti ict of Columbia; and
j An act to expedite the settlement of titles to
j lands in the State of California.
j SSAMEX ON BOARD WRECKED VESSELS.
| An act (S. No.246) for the relief of seamen and
: others, not officers, borne on the books of vessels
wrecked or lost in the naval service, was taken
I fiom the Speaker's uble, and read a first and sec-
; ond time.
j The bill directs the proper accounting officers
! of the Treasury, under the direction of the Secre-
! tary, of the Navy, in settling the accounts of ofli-
> cers, seamen, and others, borne on the books of
. any vessel in the Navy, which shall have been
j wrecked, or which shall have been unheaid from
i so long that her wreck may be presumed or which
j shall have been destroyed or lost, with the rolls
j and papers necessary to a regular and exact set-
] tloment of such accounts, to fix a day when such
wreck, destruction, or loss shall be deemed and
taken to have occurred, and to adjust and settle ac-
counts on principles of equity and justice. It also
provides that whenever the officers, seamen, or
others, born.e on the books of a vessel of t lie Navy,
shall have lost their clothing; or other personal
effects by the wreck, destruction, or loss of such
vessel, the Secretary of the Navy shall be author-
ized to appoint a board of three officers of the
Navy, including a paymaster, to make a careful
examination and scrutiny of claims for losses so
incurred, and grants power, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Navy, to award to the sea-
man, or other person, not an officer, Who may
have incurred such loss, without neglect or fault
on his part, the value of tiie property lost to aft
amount not exceeding two months' pay, in the
case of an enlisted man, nor one month's sea pay
in any other case. Italso provides that the benefit
of the act shall be extended to the seamen and
others, not officets, borne on the books of any
vessel of the Navy wrecked, destroyed, or lost
during the present war, whose accounts shall not
have been settled,or who have not heretofore been
compensated for clothing or other property lost
by the wreck, destruction, or loss of such vessel.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to attend
by striking from the fiist section, at the end of it,
the words "and to adjust and settle accounts on
principles of equity and justice;" also providing
a substitute for the second and third section.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill as amended was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third?time,
and passed.
Air. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
An act (S. No. 292) to provide for the efficiency
of the Navy was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
The bill provides for transfeis from the Navy
to the marine corps; for the transfer of seamen
drafted^into the military service to the naval ser-
vice; for the crediting of enlistments for the Navy
in the same manner as enlistments for the Army,
and for the payment of bounty to persons so en-
listing.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC TELEGRAPH.
An act (S. No. 290) for increased facilities of
telegraph communication between the Atlantic
and Pacific States and the Territory of Idaho was
taken#from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr, COLE moved to refer the bill to the select
committee on'the Pacific railroad.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION.
An act (S. No. 310) for the promotion of com-
merce and the improvement of navigation was
taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
On motion of Mr. HOLMAN, the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
HENRY W. DIMAN.
Joint resolution (S. No. 66) providing for ad-
justment of the accounts of Henry W. Dmmn
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
iiist and second time.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Air. RICE, of Aiassachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL LAWS.
An act (S. No. 332) to esuiblish salaries for
postmasters, and for other purposes, was taken
