2452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
duty of tfa* Comptroller of the Currency to report annually
to Congress at die commencement of its session:
. First. A summary of the state and condition of every as-
sociation from whom reports have been received the pre-
ceding year, at the several dates to which such reports refer,
with an abstract of the whole amount ot hanking capital
returned hy them, of the whole amount of their debts-and
liabilities, the amount of circulating notes outstanding, and
the total amount of means and resources, specifying the
amou.ntof!awftil money held by them at the times of their
several returns, and such other information in relation to
said associations as, in his judgment, maybe useful.
Second. A statement of the associations whose business
has been closed durinjr the year, with the amount of their
circulation redeemed and the amount outstanding.
Third. Any amendment to the laws relative to banking
by which the system may be improved and th« security of
tiie holders of its notes and other creditors may be in-
creased.
Fourth. The names and compensation of the clerks em-
ployed by him, and the whole amount of the expenses of
the bauking.departminit during the year. And such lepnrt
shall he made by or before tin* 1st day of Deceinln-r in each
year, and the u*ual number of copies for ih<* u^e of the Sen-
ate and House, and one thousand copies for the use of the
Bepaitment, shall be printed by the Public Printer, and in
readiness for distribution at the firr>t meeting,of Congress.
The amendments were severally concurtcd in.
Fifty-second'and fifty-third amendments:
Section sixty-four, page 56, line two, after the word "Con-
gress" strike out the woids " reserves the right," ami insert
m the wo d " may*," and niter the word "time" strike out
* the word " to;" so That it will read :
Sec. 64. Jindhe it further enacted, That Congress may
at any time amend, alter, or repeal this act.
The amendments were severally concurred in.
Mr. HOOPER moved to rcconsiderthe vote by
which the several amendments of the Senate were
concurred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was ngreed to.
Mr. HOOPER moved that there be a commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes between
the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
XtECXintOCITY TREATY.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the report of the Committee on Com-
merce in regard to the reciprocity treaty, on which
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. WARD. I nsk the unanimous consent of
tKe House that this joint resolution be taken out of
the morning hour and made the special order for
to-moirow after the morning hour, and from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL. I think thotthcrewill be no
objection to disposing of it an once, without mak-
ing it n special order.
The SPEAKER. There are seven or more
speeches to be made on the subject.
Mr. SLOAN. I object.
-newsboys' homis.
Mr. PATTERSON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee for the District of Columbia,
reported a bill to incorporate a newsboys' home;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
. engrossed, it wnsaceordingly read the third time.
Mr. BROOKS. What i« the use of incorpo-
rating'u home for boys who circulate newspapers,
if newspapers can be summarily suppressed by
executive powet ?
Mr. GARFIELD, Jf the gentleman's fore-
boding be true, then the more necessity for this
home.
Mr. COX. "VVe do not know that newspapers
may not be suppressed in this country pretty
rood, that Fremont and other papeis will be sup-
pressed, and these f!foys will want a home, and I
am not surprised the benevolent gentleman from
. New York makes objection.
Mr* ELDPvIDGE. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York a question. I would like to
know of him whether the Government is not fur-
nishing homes to editors.
Mr. BROOKS. I am not able to answer that
question. Gentlemen upon the other side can
answer that question better than I can.
Mr, KERNAN. As this question has been
started, and coming from a State wheiu the people
have been very greatly aggrieved recently by one
of those spasmodic efforts of energy which has
trampled down the Constitution and the rights of
some of its citizens there, I desire to make a few
remarks upon that subject.
Mr. DAVIS* of New York. I rise to a point
of orrfer. i brieve the previous question was
moved by the gentleman from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Patterson.]
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the pre-
vious question was moved while the gentleman
from New York was upon the floor, and was not,
therefore, in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order.
Here is a bill merely for incorporating a news-
boys' home, in order to enable the owner of the
building to get an insurance on it. Now, the gen-
tleman from New York proposes to discuss the
matter of the suppression of the World and the
Journal of Commerce, and I submit that such
discussion is not in order upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. KERNAN. Allow me to say that the
gentleman raised a point of order on what I pro-
posed to state. Now, I desire to state what I
proposed.
Ihe SPEAKER. The gentleman can go on,
and (the Chair will arrest him when he departs
from the course of debate allowed under the rule.
Mr. COX. If I understand tfie ruling of the
Chair, I appeal. I desire to know what the ruling
of the Chair is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state his
decision.
Mr. KERNAN. I will not struggle with the
Chair or with the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
appeals from the decision of the Chair, and that
question must be first decided. The gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] rose to a question
of order, stating that the remarks of the gentleman
from New York in regard to the suppression of the
World and Journal of Commerce in the city of
New York are not in order upon a bill forthe-in-
corporation of a newsboys' home in the District
of Columbia. The Chair sustained the point of
order, as the bill is a bill incorporating a news-
boys' home in this city, and thinks debate must
be confined to that question. From that decision
the gentleman fiom Ohio appeals.
Mr. COX. 1 will withdraw the appeal, for I
do not understand that the gentleman fiom New
York has said a word in regard to the World.
Somebody's conscience has pricked him.
The SPEAKER. The gentltman from New
Yoik can proceed in order.
Mr. KERNAN. It is not my intention to, nor
will I ever, make any struggle to get in remarks
which I desire to make against any rule or decis-
ion of the Chair; but I do desire to oppose this
bill, if I may be permitted to give my reasons,
namely; tKat it is idle for us here to be passing
laws to protect newsboys or to protect any one
else, if we will not see to it that the laws and the
Constitution, which are intended to protect citi-
zens, are not trampled down> [hear! hear!] and
if I may be permitted to do so I desire to stats
why this House, the council of the nation, the
only grand inquest to which the people look,
should see that the laws are enforced and the
rights of the people preserved. I intend, in re-
spectful, terms and in no partisan spirit, to call
the attention of this House to the importance of
Adding to this bill an express provision that the
press shall not be suppressed noreitizens arrested
or imprisoned at the dictation anjl arbitrary will
of any executive officer.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the freedom of speech is not the subject-
matter of this bill, and therefore it is out of order
to discuss that question upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order, and he will say to the gentleman from
New York that the speech which he signifies his
desire to make would certainly be quite asappro-
priate upon a bill granting a pension, or upon a
bill making a grant of land to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad, as uporvthis bill. The debate
must be confined to the subject-matter of the bill,
and that is whether a newsboys' home shall be
incorporated.
Air, KERNAN. I do desire to say to the
House that I feel deeply impressed with the im-
portance, for the well-being of the country, of
our so acting in reference to this subject that the
people shall not be tempted to disorders of any
kind. I do not desire to use intemperate lan-
guage, but I wish to call the attention of the
House, in emphatic language, to the importance
of seeing that no executive officer shall, from mis-
take or impulse, or any other motive, do an act
the tendency of which is to alienate the people
from sustaining those in authority,and the tend-
ency of which is to weaken the legitimate au-
thority of the Government.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman from
New York will not be allowed to go on any fur-
ther.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent, Is there any objection to the gentleman
from New York making the speech which he has
indicated ?
Mr. STEVENS. I object to his making it
now". If the gentleman desires, I will move that
an evening: be set apart for hearing it.
Mr. KERNAN. I will be very happy to speak
on the subject at any time.
Mr. STteVENS. I am willing to give the gen-
tleman an evening.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I sub-
mit that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. On what ground?
Mr. COX. The Chair ruled the gentleman
from New York out of order.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope these interlocutory
remarks will not come out of my time,
Mr. COX. As a friend of the Chair, I would
like to suggest one point before he overrules the
gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about decid-
ing the point of order just made by the gentleman
from Ohio himself. He made the point that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
was not m order. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania objects to the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Kernan] proceeding now, but suggests that
he will be willing to give him some evening;
whereupon the gentleman from Ohio calls him to
order, and the Chair sustains the point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
My question of order is this, that no member had
a light to arrest the gentleman from Nesv York
[Mr. Kernan] in his remarks, as he was arrested
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] because the Speaker had distinctly stated
that the gentleman from New York was in order
if he intended to pursue the line of argument that
inasmuch as alTthe laws intended to secure our
personal rights were being stricken down by the
arbitrary exercise of power by the Executive, it
was useless to discuss in this House the pro-
priety of erecting a house of refuge for newsboys
or any other destitute class of persons. The Chair
had made that decision, and after he had stated
that the gentleman from New York would be in
orderin that line of argument, thegentleman from
Pennsylvania rose and objected to thegentleman
from New York proceeding. My pointof order
is that the gentleman from Pennsylvania had no
right to make such an objection when the Chair
had decided that the gentleman from New York
had a right to proceed in that line of aigument.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky would be correct in his point of order if he
were correct in his premises; but the fact happens
to be exactly the reverse. The Chair decided
exactly the reverse of what the gentleman from
Kentucky understood him to decide. He decided
that the gentleman from New York was riot in
order, because the argument he was making
was that because, as he assumed, laws had been
stneken down, there was no use in passing any
laws. The Chair said that if that speech was in
order on this bill it would be just as much in or-
der on a pension bill or a land-grant bill, or any
other bill. The gentleman from New York then
proceeded and stated that he would not endeavor
to speak in opposition to the intimation of the
Chair, but that he would like to have unanimous
consent to make his remarks; and he gave as a
reason that his motive was the preservation of the
public peace; whereupon the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] rose to object,
Mr. MALLORY. Then I misunderstood the
Chair. I understood him to say that the gentle-
man's argument would be in order on any bill;
on this bill as well as on a pension or land-grant
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated very dis-
tinctly that the gentleman's remarks were out of
order, because if they were in order such a line
of debate would be in order on any bill. Ttie
Chair spoke of a pension bill or a land-grunt bill
