1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fromtbe Speaker's table, and read a firstand sec- ||
ond time. I
-Mr. ALLEY. This bill has been fully con-
sidered by the Committee on the Post Oliioe ami j
Post Roads of the House, and unanimously agreed j
to. It is a bill which should be passed; and I j
therefore move to put the bill on its passage, and
call the previous question.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania., I have an
amendment which 1 desire to offer to the first
section.
Mr. ALLEY. This bill has been very fully
and thoroughly considered and perfected in com-
mittee. I think it is right as it is, and I must in-
sist on my demand for the previous question.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will at least allow me to offer an amend-
ment in the fifth line of the first section by in-
serting after " New York" the words "and Phil-
adelphia;" so as to make the clause read:
That the annual compensation of postmat-torsshall heat
a fixed salary, in lieu of commiMMoiis, to In; divided into
five classes, exclusive of the postmaster of the citio- of
New York and Philadelphia. Po^tnwu-ters of the fir<t class
shall receive not moie than §1,000 nor less than $3,000.
Mr. ASHLEY. I desire also to amend the
amendment by adding after "Philadelphia,"
"Boston,Baltimore, Albany, Buffalo, Pittsburg,
Cleveland, Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukee, Cin-
cinnati, and Sr. Louis." [Laughter.]
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Very well;
let that go as an amendment to my amendment.
Mr. ALLEY. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question for the purpose of saying a few
words in reference to the bill.
The salary of the postmaster at New York is
fixed at $6,000. This is made an exception and
the only exception to the classification of post-
masters. Everybody knows that the post office
at New Yoik is very much Idigcr than that of
any other city, and with that exception the sal-
ary of $4,000 is all that the bill allows to the post-
masters of any of the other cities. The Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads have
fully examined the subject, and they are clearly
of the opinion that the bill ought to remain as it
is. I will now yield to thegentlemnn from Penn-
sylvania to hear what he has to offer.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I am obliged
to the gentleman for yielding to me. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I think a very fe w woi ds will satisfy this
House that the compensation of the postmaster
of Philadelphia should be at least as large as that
of the postmaster at New York. There is no dif-
ference in the amount of business transacted; there
is no difference in the amount of responsibility
assumed. The postmaster at Philadelphia and
the clerical force employed.by him aie occupied
every momejit of their time in that post office, and
I do not suppose the postmaster at New York
and his clerical force are occupied any moie time.
I see,therefore,no reason why any such distinc-
tion should be made. I desire to know if any j
man can tpll me why the postmaster at the city
of New York should receive $6,000 per annum
and the postmaster at Philadelphia receive only
$4,000 per annum? Why, sir, the post office at
Philadelphia is almost as large as the post office
in New York. 1 do not lecognize for one mo-
ment the position that Philadelphia is a meie vil-
lage or suburb. [Laughter.] And I see no rea-
son why the postmasters at Boston and Baltimore
and the other large cities should not receive an
equal compensation.
Mr. WEBSTER. I ask the gentleman then to
put-Baltimore and the other large cities into his
amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. They have
aheady been embraced in the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] to my amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEY. Did the Chair umlcistand me
as giving way for the purpose of allowing amend-
ments to be offered?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not intend to give way
for that purpose. I understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to desire the floor to make a
few remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania expressly requested the floor for the
purpose of offering an amendment, and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts yielded to him and
resumed his seat.
Mr. ALLEY. I desire to hear the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The Clerk again read his amendments
Mr. HUBBARD, oflows. J insist upon Sioux
City being included in that amendment [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WINDOM. So do I upon Winona.
Mr, BROOKS. I should like to move an ad-
ditional city also. I wish to move to add the city
of Buncombe. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield for a moment.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 do not think the House oitght
to spend any more time qver this matter; how-
ever, I do not see how I can very well deny the
opportunity to my friend from Philadelphia to
make a little buncombe, and I will therefore yield
to him for a moment.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I object de-
cidedly to the gentleman charging us with acting
for buncombe.
Mr. L.MYERS. I care nothing about any
imputation of my conduct upon this floor being
for buncombe; my voice is seldom heard in this
Hall. What I rose for was to move an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the sixth section
of the bill. The sixth section provides—
That the Pot-tma^ter General may designate certain con-
rcment office®, at the int^r.-ectKm of mail joutos-* as dis-
tributing offices, and certain otheis as separating qfiices;
and where any Mich oflice is of the third, fouith, or fifth
class of po- t ofiircf, hem<\\ make a ic-wuiablo .ili< \v.ine<-
to <*iteh pvi-Uihi-tt'i- lot the neees«uy eo.^t, in whole oi in
p.at, ol clciical s.civicoh anting from such duties.
I desire to move to add at the end of that sec-
tion as follows:
That the compensation of eleiks mail earner:-, and other
employes of ihe po^i otlkes hen inbeloi<: designated bo,
ami the same i-> hen-hy, uieiea<t:d twenty-five per cent.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not desire io discuss
the propriety of this amendment; that will be
' seen by every member of the House. 1 need
; not state that' at this time the necessaues of life
[ have risen more than twenty-five per cent, in
i cost. 1 want to say to my friend fiom Massa-
, ehusetts that this amendment has not been in-
troduced to apply to the employes of the Phila-
i deiplua post office alone. It applies to the post
offices throughout the country. My friend over
the way says they will vote in my amendment. I
! hope the amendment will be adopted. I know
i that in the Philadelphia post office many of the
1 best clerks employed receive a salary ofbut^OO,
| and most of them receive a salary of but five oi
| six hundred dollars.
I Mr. KLDRIDUE. I did notstippose thatany-
; body would propose to raise salaiu-s in these times
I when gold has gone up out of sight,
i Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the bill and
| amendments on the table.
j On Mr. Spalding's motion 58 voted in the
affirmative and 41 in the negative.
Mr. ALLEY demanded the yeas and nays,
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question was taken; and it was decided in
I the negative—yeas 5^, nays 69, not voting CI; as
: follows:
! Y EAS—Mo* -r-.. William J. Alien, Allison, Bit"?, James
; S. Brown, Thoui.i- 'J'. Daw-, Daw-on, Deinmg, Denwui.
1 Dixon. Kden. JMireilon, Eldiid^e. Enjih-h, iiohnan, John
! II. llabh.ud. liulhutd. Philip JuIhimhi, William Jolin-on,
! Keih'v, Orlando K>llo«s, Knox, La/.*<u, L«* Blond, l.ittU'-
| |olin, Loan, Lonjj, Maicr, MeClnur, Muidleton, William
i 7l. Miller, Mooili.-ad, Leonaid M\ch, Nel>o , Chaiie>
' O'Neill, IVndlelon, Pen), i'nn n, Radioi d, Bobin-son, s>eo-
field, Hi.umoii, Sloan, SiniHpaldintr, Stile--, Stimi-e,
' Van ValkrnlMirjfh, Joseph W. While, Will,am-, Wilson,
: Wnidoni,and Wuiln'hi— ->'2.
IV ays—Mu-b. Aliev, Ames Ancona, A-!.!ey, Baiiy.
, John L>. Kahlw in, Bau-r, Beaman, Bl.nr, lioutwell, Bo>d,
1 Biook-, Biooniall, William G. Blown, Fieeman Clailo-,
' Cobb,Coffioth, Cob* Cri'-vvdi, lli'nr\ VViufri)avi„Dii^)
Eliot FeiHon. Finek, Ktank.G'ui-oii.G.n field. Uoorh. Hale,
1 Harding, Hot- hkis-, A-ahH U\ UnUiuid, Iiigt-r-oll,
' J('nekcs,'J«lian,Kallifie)-eh. Kernan.MeAlli-ue) ..MeBude,
Mori ill, D.mn I Mmnr-,.Tame* U Mom-. Alonwui, Amos
Myers, Noble, Notion. Peilunw AU \andei 11. Rice, John
I!. Bice, Kdward It. RoSlnw, Jarne* S?. Uolhns, ttoss
Sehenck, Mmtli, John B. , Will nun G. Steele, tetnai t,
; Thayer, Thom.t-, Tkm'V, Up>on. WiuUvvoUh, Waid. Wtl-
. liam B. Washburn, Web-ter, Wh ilc\, Wheeler,ami H ood-
I budge,— 69. a ,
NUT \ OTING — Me-sf-:. James C AU'Mi, Anderson,
;l Arnold, Au'/u-tus (3. Bakhwri, Blaine. Blow, Biandegee,
i: Chanlcr, Amhrovj W. Cbuk, Clav, Cox, Ci.iv.-ns, iJawes.
|: l)nnnell\, J)mnoi!t, Eekky, l°.un-u-onn, (Jndcr, Gnimell,
[' Gri-uoid Hall, ilanmgioiu Benjamin G ilani>, Cmitl< s
! M. Ilairis-'. Tieirn-k, Hoepei. Uuk-liu:sJva?«on,riancis W.
' Kcllo<'a. Km^, Knnpp. i^au, Loi'«yeat, Malloiy, ISLumii,
McDowell, .Mcltidoo. MeKainc-j, Sanm^I b\ "\hiler. Odell,
John O'Nein, Orth, Patteifsoir, Wkb, P^IKerdy,l*rtce, Sam*
uelJ. Randall, WiBmm JI. Randall, Jlogew, Seott, Star4 v
Stelibm*, Stevens, Sweat, Voorhees, Elihn B.:Washbu^fi? '
CtnUou A. White, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, Fernanda
Wood, and Yeatnaii—61. • £
So the bill was not laid on the table., _ - , -}
During the call of the roll, -
Mr. CRAYENSstated that he had psiired wiffi
Mr. Pike on all political questions,aaa not know-
ing howMr.Pj&B would vote on this question,i^e
declined to vote.
Mr. McINDOE stated that lie had $afredwith
Mr. McDowell.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield the floor still fur-
ther if gentlemen desire to discuss or-amend this
bill.
Mr. OMNfEILL, of Pennsylvania., I will now
withdraw my amendment and simply move to
strike out the words "exclusive of th« post-
master of the city of New York" wherever it
occurs. That will equalize the compensation of
the postmasters of all these large cities, "fixirtg'-it
at $4,000.
Mr. WILSON. Unless we can have an oppor-
tunity to amend this bill generally, lobjecttO any
amendment boina^ offered.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I hfcve of-
fered this amendment in order,! believe,and cer-
tainly in good faith,and I hope it will be adopted;
Mr. THAYER. I would like to hear some
explanation of the effect of the resolution whioh
the geutkmnn has offered.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. It is very
easily explained. In the first place I offered an
"amendment including Philadelphia with New
York at. a compensation of $6,OuO, believing that
there should be no difference in thecompensatioa
ol these two offices; but 1 have nowmotlified my
amendment so as to strike out the words I have
mentioned, and leave New York to be included
with the other cities in the first class of post
offices.
Mr. THAYER. What cities are embraced in
this first cla&s with New York?
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Philadel-
phia, Boston, and other large cities as provided
tor in the bill.
Mr. THAYER. U it proposed to give the
postmasters of all these cities the same salaries as
the postmaster of New York receives?
Mr. 0'NElLL>of Pennsylvania. The propo-
sition is to place the postmaster at New York
upon the same footing with the postmasters of
Philadelphiaand these other cities in the first class.
Mr. THAYER. 1 thought my colleague had
accepted the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ashley.}
Mi. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Noiatall,
The gentleman from Ohio offered his amendment
on his own responsibility to my amendment as
originally offered. 1 have now modified my amend-
ment so as to strike out 41 New York" wherever
u occurs, and give the postmaster at .that city no
greater amount of compensation than is to be re-
ceived by the postmaster at Philadelphia or any
other of "the first class of postmasters.
Mr. MORRILL, i desire to put a question to
the gentleman from Massachusetts. I want to
know whether the "compensation of these nost-
masteis does not depend on the amount of busi-
ness done at their leppecuve offices?
Mr. ALLEY. That is the case, with the pro-
vision that in no case shall it exceed $4,000, ex-
cept for the postmaster of New York, whose sal-
ai y the bili fixes at $6,0U0.
Mr. MORRILL, if 1 understand the gentle-
man fiom Pennsylvania, he proposes to raise the
postmasters in all of these States up to the rank
of the postmaster of New York.
Mr. O'iN £1LL, ofPennsylvania. The gentle-
man does not understand my proposition. Itis to
give the postmasters of the first class the same
compensation.
!j Mr. ALLEY. It seems to me that the posi-
j! tiori is exactly this^the members from Phila-
;! delphia see no good reason why Philadelphia
1 should not be put upon the same footing as New
York in reference to the salary of the postmaster.
They propose that the salary of the postmaster
at Philadelphia shall be $6,000, which is that of the
postmaster ol New York. Gentlemen represent-
ing other cities say that if Philadelphia is included
ii then their cities ought to be included, as Phila-
H delphia gives no more revenue to the Post Office
