1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
or a deeper regard. But the war is not yet ended.
Other battles are to be fought; and some gentle-
men on this side of the House doubt the expedi-
ency of passing this bill at the present time. We
believe it to be more prudent, more wise, for the
President to delay the appointmentfor some three
or six months longer, so as to enable the major
generals already in the field, and such as may be
put into the field, to compete for this high honor.
I am very glad, Mr. Speaker, that the bill has
been introduced, because I believe it will be an
occasion of emulation among the commander^ in
the field, through which this Republic may be en-
abled to have her own again, and be highly bene-
fited.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
my friend from Connecticut says the war is not
yet ended. It is not yet ended; and I tell my
friend that i believe it never will be ended unless
we place a fighting general 111 the command of the
armies. That is what is the matter.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, I object to
this bill as it stands, because I think it at once
creates a partisan feeling in the country and dis-
organizes the Army, and not becausc I am op-
posed to the appointment of General Grant to the
office of lieutenant general when the war is ended.
If the motion for the previous question shall not
he sustained, and if the amendment shall be re-
jected or adopted, I wish to propose an amend-
ment by which the President shall be authorized
to confer this office on such person as he sees fit,
.with the advice and consent of the Senate, when
the present war shall have been brought to a con-
clusion; but not now.
I wish to say still further, that the office of
lieutenant genera], as an administrative office, is
inconsistent with the administration of public
affairs; and the office of General-in-Chief, in as
far as it affects the administration of the military
department of the Government, however well it
may have succeeded, is also inconsistent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has indicated his amendment, which is no
more nor less than to kill the bill. The effect is
to do indirectly what it appears the gentleman
does not wish to do directly. 1 trust there uj no
hostility from Massachusetts because this is a
western general and has fought western battles.
I am sorry to see this opposition come from the
quarter it does. I move the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the biJIand the
pending amendments be laid upon the table.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCHENCK. The hour has arrived for
taking up the enrolling act.
The SPEAKER. That bill is in the same posi-
tion as this. It cannot come up until this is dis-
posed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. May I inquire of the Chair
whether it is not in order to move to postpone the
consideration of this subject for one week?
The SPEAKER. It is not, pending the de-
mand for the previous question and the nation to
lay on the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 19, nays 117; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashley, I'aily. Beaman, Bioomall, Clay,
Colo, Henry Winter DawsDrigsfs Garfield, Hale, liardmg,
Hutching,Long. McAllister, James It. Moms, Noble,Orth,
Williams, and'Yeaman—19.
NAYS—Mowis. James (J. Alien, William J. Allen, Alli-
.son, Amc, Anemia, Arnold, Augustus ('. Baldwin, John
D. Ualdwin, i>d.\ler. Blame, Francis J1. Biair, Bli^, Blow,
Boutwvll, Biandegee, William G. Blown, AiuLjio^; W.
CJ.ii k, (!obh, ColTVorh,<-ravens, CYewell,ThomasT.Davis,
Dawes, Dawson. Deming, Eden, Edgerton, Lldridge, Eliot,
Earnswoi til, Feiston, Fmek,Ganson, Gilder, Grmneil, Ilai-
lington, Benjamin G. Ilariis, Ileiriek, I-Ii«by, Holmari,
Hooper, At-ahel W. Hubbard, John If. Hubbard, Hulbuid,
Ka^on, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Liazeai, Loan, Longvc.ir,
Mrncy, Matvin, Mi'Hride, MeOIiug, McDowell. Melndn*\
iVfcKmney, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William II.
Millet,Moorhead. Morull. Darnel Morns, Morrison, Amos
Mjers, N01 ton, < '!) aili*s O'Neill. Pendleton, L'ciliain, IVny,
Pike, Pometoy, Puce, Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall,William
H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Jiice, Robinson,
Ku^tih, Edw.ud II. 11011111", James S. Itolhns, Ilo^s,
Schenck, Seofidd, Shannon. Sloan. Smith. Spalding, Tolm
B. Steele. Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, (Jp--oii,yoorhecs,\Vad«worth, Eliliu B. Wa^hburne,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Whal^y, Wheeler, Chil-
ton A. White. Joseph W. White, Wilder, Wilson,'Win-
dow, Wmlield, and Woodbridge—117.
So the bill and amendments were not laid on
the table.
The question recurred on the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was first on the
amendment offered by Mr. Ross.
Mr. ROSS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley,
Allison, Ames, Aneona, Arnold, Augustus C.Baldwin, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Boaman, Blame, Fiancis P. Blair,
Blow,Boyd, Brandegee, William G. Biown,Oimnler,Gobb,
Coffroth, Cravens, Creswell, Dawes, Dawson, Deming,
Denmsoii, Eden, Edgeiton, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworth,
Fenton, Finek, Ganson, Grinnell, Ilairington, Horriek,
Holrnan, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ilulburd, Hntchms, Kelley,
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, King,
Knapp, Law, Lassear, Loan, Long, Marcy, Marvin,
McAllister, McClurg, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKinney,
Middleton, William II. Miller, Moorhead, Momll, Daniel
Morris, James R. Morris, Morrison. Amos Myers. Leonard
Myeis, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Pcr-
ham, Perry, Pike, Poineroy, Piuyn, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, Alexander II. Itiee, John II. ltiee,
Robinson, ltogeis, Edwaui II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Iioss Seofield, Scott, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas, Tiacy, Van
Valkenburgh,Vooihees, Wads.worth, Elihu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Webster, Whuley,WheeIcr, Chilton
A. White, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Wilson, Windom,
Winfield, and Woodbridge— 111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashley, Baily, Broomall, Clay, Henry
Winter Davis, Driggs,, Garfield. Grider, Hale, iliflby, Hotch-
kiss, John H. Hubbaid, Julian, Loni:year, Shannon, Up-
son, and Williams—17.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
amendment reported from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimative—yeas 96, nays 41; as follows:
YEAS—Mesbis. James 0. Allen, Alley, Allison, Aneona,
Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, John I), Baldwin, Baxter,
Biaine, Fiance P. Blair, Jacob 13. Blair, Blow, Boyd,
Brandegee, William G. Hi <nvn, Ambrose \V. Olaik, Cobb,
Oollroth, Ciavens, Cieswell, Davve«, Dawson, Deming,
Dennison, Duggs Eden. Edgerton, Eldndge, Ehot, Farns-
woith, I'enion, Firiek, Causon, Gooch, Gunnell, Harring-
ton, llcrrick,lli«!bj, IJolman, Amabel W. Hubbaid, Hulbuid,
Huichin>, Fianew \V. Kellogir, Orlando lveliogg, Keman,
King, Ku.ipp, li.iw, Lazear, iiongyoar, Many, Maivin,
MeBude, McDowell, Melndoe, McKmney, William II.
Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Moin«, Morrison", Amos Myets,
Leonaid Mvei*, iVoiton, Udell, Clnules O'Neill, John
O'Neill, Ottb. 1'etbam, Pike. Pomeiov. Samuel J. Randall,
W'llham H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice,
Kobin-on. Bogei>. Edwaid II. Rollins, James S.-Rollins,
Ro>s, Scoiield. Siniih, Spalding, Small, Thayer, Thomas,
Tracy, Voorhee*, W:nU worth, Ehim B. Washburne, W«b-
ster, Whalev, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wn-
dei, Wilson, and Windom—1)6.
NAYS—Ashley, Baily, Boutwell, Bioomall,
Ohanler, Cole, Ileniy Winter Davis Thomas T. Davis,
Garfield, Glider. Hale, Hall, Harding, Benjamin G.IIairis.
Ilotchki<s, John II. Ilubbaid, Julian. Kelley, Loan, Long^
McAih-stei, MfM.'Iurjj, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, Mor-
lill, James R. Mom-, Noble, Perry, Piice, Pruyn, Scott,
Shannon, Stevens, Sules Stiou-e, Van Valkenburgh. Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Williams, Wmlield, Woodbridge, and
Yeaman—11.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Johnson, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to leconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a resolution in
relation to the public piinting; when the Speaker
signed the same.
MONTANA TERRITORY.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 desire to enter a motion to reconsider the
motion by which the bill providing a temporary
government for the Territory of Montana was le-
ferred to the Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
ENROLMENT ACT. %
Mr. SCHENCK, I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of Senate bill No. 36,
to amend an act entitled "An act for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses,5' approved March 3,1863, with an amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military Af- '
fairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. The motion pending, I be-
lieve, is to refer the biH and amendment to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending,
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very willing it shall
go there if by unanimous consent it can be made
a spccial order in committee to-day, and from day
to day until disposed of.
No objection being made, the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Wholeon the state of the
Union, and made a special order from day to day
until disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest that
the bill relative to claims of the State of Pennsyl-
vania has been made a special order in committee
for to-day.
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I ask that that special
order may be postponed for one week.
Mr. STEVENS. If it is in order I will move
that that bill be postponed as a special order until
the enrollment bill shall have been disposed of.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask my colleague whether his proposition will
make the Pennsylvania bill a special order in com-
mittee after this bill has been disposed of?
The SPEAKER. It has been made a special
order, and would take precedence of all other bills
except appropriation bills made special orders.
There being no objection, the bill heretofore as-
signed as a special order for to-day in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union was post-
poned until the enrollment bill shall have been
disposed of.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of^Jhe Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 3G, to amend an act entitled "An act
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,
18G3.
The bill was read.
The amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs was read, as follows:
Stiike out all after sectionone, and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Sko.2. Jindbeit further enacted, That the quota of each
ward of a city, town, township, or precinct, or of a county
where the uamc is not divided into wards, towns, townships,
or precincts, .'•hall be, as neatly as possible, in proportion to
the number of men lesident thciein subject to draft, talcing
Into account, as lar as practicable, the number which has
been pieviom-ly furnished therefrom; and in ascertaining
and filling said quota thcie shall be taken into account the
number of men who have beietoforo entered the naval ser-
vice ot the United States, and whose names are borne upon
the enrollment lists as already returned to the office of the
Provost Matsh.il General of the United States
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enactcd, That it th? quota from
any State shall not be filled within the time designated by
the President, the provost marshal of the district within
which anv waid of a city, town, township, precinct, or
count}, whcie the same is. not divided into wards, towns,
townships, or piecincts, which is deficient m its quota, is
s-itu.ued, shall, under the duection of the Provost Marshal
General, make a draft for the number deficient theiefrom;
but ail volunteer^ who may enlist alter the dtaft shall have
been ordered, and beiore it shall be actually made,shall be
deducted tioin the number oidered to be drafted in fcuch
waul, town, township, precinct, or county. And if the
quota of any district shall not be filled by the draft made in
accoi dance with the provisions of this act and the act to
whieh it is an amendment, further diafts shall be made and
like proceedings had until the quota of such district bhall
he filled.
Sec. 4. Jlnd he it fuithcr ciiactcd, That any person en-
rolled under the provisions of the act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national force-, and for other purposes, appioved
Match 3. 1863, or who may hereafter be so enrolled, may
furnish, at any time previous to the diaft, an acceptable sub-
stitute, who is not liable to draft, nor at the time in themii-
miry oi naval seivice ot the United States, andsuch person
&o furnishing a substitute thai! be exempt from draft during
the time for whieh such substitute shall be exempt from
diaft, not, however, exceeding the time for which such sub-
stitute shall have been accepted.
Stfc. 5 be it further cnacted, That boards 01 enroll-
ment shall cnt oil all persons whoso names may have been
