3430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Department thilffmany other cities; while in New
York the receipts are several times as much as
thSse of Philadelphia.
Mr. BROOKS, t feel it to be my duty to say
in reference to the Republican postmaster of New
York city that $4,000 is not sufficient salary for
the responsibility which is imposed upon him.
He has charge of all the mails to and from Eu-
rope. A sufficiently responsible and able post-
master cannot be secured for that city at a less
compensation than $6,000.
Mr. ALLEY. I think that there is a great
misapprehension in regard to this bill. 1 know
there is, and I am at a loss what course to pur-
sue. A great many members advise me to call
for the previous question, and not to debate it;
while other gentlemen say ihat I had better ex-
plain it. 1 know that the House is uneasy and
want to get away, but 1 will try in a few words
to explain the effect of these several provisions.
This bill is not to render the post office busi-
ness less secure, but to make it more secure and
to save money to the Treasury. There are a
great many clerks all over the country who are
employed to peiform labor that might justas well
be dispensed with. That wjI] be saved under
this bill.
So far as postmasters are concerned their sala-
ries are not increased, but on the contrary they
are slightly decreased. The estimate is based
upon the last two years, which "I suppose will
not amount to quite as much as the present year.
Every year since this war commenced the post
office receipts have increased very materially.
There is no post office the receipts of which have-
not been increased by the war.
, As to the objection which has been made that
a vast amount of additional power is placed in
the hands of the PostmasterGeneral, 1 will say that
that is not so. ' While the Postmaster General
lias little or no additional power placed in his
bands under the bill, it saves money to the Treas-
ury. It has been considered thoroughly by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
think that everybody ought to be m favor of it.
t did not expect the least difficulty in getting it
through the House. It was passed unanimously,
I believe, through the Senate, and unless further
explanation is desired I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Does this raise
the Balary of the postmaster at New York ?
Mr. ALLEY. It does. It raises it $2,000.
TheSPEAKER. Theamendment of thegen-
• tleman from Pennsylvania is not germane to that
of his colleague, and therefore not in order.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to know whether this
is nol the same bill that was defeated at the last
session of Congress almost unanimously ?
Mr. ALLEY. This mita mam features is the
 ame bill that was passed once before, and was
defeated in the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. This is the same bill out of
which twelve sections were stricken on my mo-
tion at the Inst session of Congress.
Mr. L. MYERS. The point of order I make
is tins: the amendment I offered is to the sixth
section, while the amendment of my colleague is
to the first section.
1 he SI'LAKER. Then it is not an amend-
ment to an amendment.
Mr. I.. MYERS. 1 ask the House at this time |
if unanimous consent cannot be given for my I
amendment, and that of my colleague also, to be !
offered. I
The SPEAKER. That is objected to. Does I
the gentleman withdraw las amendment' i
Mr. L. MYERS. I do. j
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I offer mv I
amendment. ' j
The previous question was seconded, and the i
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the evening session be dispensed with
Mr. MORRILL. I hope not.
Mr. FENTON. I hope it will be.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask consent to make a
statement.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. I object.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. O'Neill, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask for an explanation of Ihc Chair. J will not
press my amendment if it cuts.out the amend-
ment of my colleague.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated three
or four times that itdid,and the gentleman's col-
league thereupon withdrew his amendment and
allowed the gentleman to offer his.
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdrew mine trusting
to the House to allow me to offer it again.
The SPEAKER. Thatcannot be done except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania. Cannot my
colleague have his amendment voted on if Lwith-
diaw mine ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent,
as the main question has been ordered to be put.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS. f now ask unanimous con-
sent to offer tSie amendment I withdrew.
Mr. KALBFLEfSCK. I object. The thing is
entirely absurd. The gentleman has jumped over
Brooklyn, the third city in the Union.' [Laughter.]
Mr. jL. MYEIIS. Will it be in order to have
the amendment read for information?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimousconsent.
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. 1 object.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 move to lay the bill on
the table.
The,motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY demamlotTHhe previous question
on th4e passage, of the bill.
The picvious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put,
Mr. SPALDING demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 he question was taken; and it was decided in
the atTumutive—yeas G5,iuiys 39, not volmg78;
as follows:
YEAi^—Mus-r^, Alloy, Aines, Bu.xtei, Boaman, Bout-
well, Brook.?, William G. Biovvn, Fieeman Claike, Cof-
frotli, (..'n'MVfll, D.uves, Dixon, Edymon, Eliot,
Frank, Gar^on, Garfield, Coocli, Gn^woUJ, llcri ick, Hi«jb\,
In«frM>l!, JoiK-kct?, Julian, Kdihfiuibch, OU.mdo ICHIomr,
K>uum, Knapp. Lazi-ai, Litticjoiin, McAllister, MeI3udc,
Samuel P. Millet, Moiull, Daniel Moni^, Moiu>on, Amos
Mycis, Nelson, Noble*, iVorfoii, Oith, l\utei,>on. Perham,
Kadi'md, Alexander il. Rice, John il. itice, Edward H.
itollnis, Jame-; S. Rollins, Ros-s, Smith, Smitheis, John B.
Hfeefe, fcfluai t,Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenburgh,
Wad-worth, Ward. William B. Washburn, Webster. Wha-
lev. Wheeler, and Wilder—6b.
NAVS—Mesr-r.-. Alison, Aneona, Bli^-s, Bioomnll.Cobb.
Dawson, Duuiing, Denton, Edeu, KldruL'e, Englu-h, Uol-
man, Asaliel W. Nuhbaid, John II. Ilubbaul, Ihiiburd,
Pluhp Johnson, Lu Blond, Loan, Lousy, AJaiey, MeCjur",
Middletoti, William II. iYlillei, Modi head. JameV ii. Mom",
I.eon.nd Myetv, Ohathv O'Will, Pendleton, Peirv. Seo- :
held, Shannon, Sloan, Spahhn , Suous-e, Ehhu B.'Wash-
butne, William-, U'iNoii, IViudom, and IVinfieid—;io.
NOT VOTING—Mo-r-. Jaine.-, C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Andeison, Arnold, A-dsley, Badv, Anmi-nih C. Bald-
i win, John \). Baldwin, Blaine, Blair, Blow,"Boyd, Biamle-
e[<'e, James S Blown, ('hauler, Ambrose W. Olaik, Clay,
<Jolr, <Jo\, Ciitveii.-, Henry Winter iXivi-?, Thomas T.
Davit;, Donnelly, Dnmont, Eekley, Fanisworth, Fenton,
I''mek, Giidei, Gnnnell. Hale, II,ill, (larding, Hainngton,
Benjamin G, Hairis, Chailes M. Danis, lloopei, Uotch-
k'sv, Hutching, Wiihum Johnson, Ku^nn, Kelley^ Fi.meis
W . IveHo^'2, King. Knox, La\v,Longyeai, Malioiy, Mai vm,
MeDowelJ, Mclmloe. MeKiimey, OdeJI, John O'ZVeiJI,
Pike, I'omeroj, I'nce, rruyn, riamud J. Ilaodail, William
II. ttandail, Robinson, Rogers, Sehenek, Scott. Starr, Steb-
buis, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stile*, Sweat, Tracy,
Vooihce^, Clnlfon A. White, Joseph W. White, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridye, and Yeaman—78.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
| Mr. KALBFLEISCH stated that his colleague,
Mi. Odell, was absent on account of the death
| of a relative.
j Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague, Mr.
j Randall, was paired for to-day with Mr. Long-
j year.
; Mr. RICE, of Maine, stated thath is colleague,
1 Mr. Pike, hud been called home by sickness in
his family.
The *ote was announced as above recorded.
The hour of half past four o'clock p. m. hav-
ing arrived, the House took a recess until half
past seven o'clock p.m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at half past
seven o'clock p. m.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I understand
the feenata has sent back the bill in relation to
enrollment, having receded from the revenue
measure which it had attached to it.
The SPEAKER. The message has not yet
reached the House.
II. K. DEAN.
Mr. COBB asked and obtained leave to with-
draw from the files the papers in the claim of H.
IC. Dean, and to have the same referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
COMMUTATION CLAUSE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on Mil-,
itary Affairs, reported back a memorial of citi-
zens of Hamilton county, Ohio, protesting against
the repeal of the commutation clause, and asked
that it be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio desire to have the memorial printed ? [Laugh-
ter ]
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir.
The memorial was laid o*i the table.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The House resumed the consideration of the
business on the Speaker's table.
RESERVATIONS 01' PUBLIC LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 315) in relation to the sale of res-
ervations of the public lands.
The bill received its several readings, and waa*
passed.
ULIPIIALET BROWN, JK.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 334) for the relief of Eliphalet
Brown, jr., artist in the Japan expedition.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Eliphalet Brown, jr., compensation at
the rate of $1,800 per annum during the time he
was actually m such service, provided the amount
already paid him as master's mate be deducted
therefrom.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. The claim isu little old, and
I move that it be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 171) to further amend an act en-
titled "An act for the collection of direct taxes
in the insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved June
7, 1862.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that this bill be
passed over informally for the present, until the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fenton,] who
desires to explain it, will be in his seat.
The bill was passed over informally.
PROPERTY IN INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 233) in addition to the several acts
concerning commercial intercourse between loyal
and insurrectionary States,and to provide for the
collection of captured and abandoned property
and the prevention of frauds in States declared
in insurrection.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. Speaker, this bill sub-
stantially has been before the Committee ofWays
and Means, but it has not undergone a full consid-
eration on the partof all the members of the com-
mittee. My colleague [Mr. Pendleton] is'anx-
ious to give it further consideration. 1 therefore
move to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways
una Meansr with peimission to report back at an v
time. J
Mr. KER.NAN. I submit that such an im-
poitant bill us this should not be put where it can
be reported back at any time without notice and
put on its passage.
, Mr. FENTON. The bill has been printed and
is now on file.
Mr. PENDLETON. I ask in what condition
the bill now is, whether it is before the House for
its action ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PEN DLETON. Then I trust my friend
from New York [Mr. Kernan] will withdraw
his objection, otherwise the bill may be put on its
passage now.
