2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Mr. FENTON. It does; and my proposition
is thai it he made the special order for to-morrow
aiter the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not. I hope that it
will be discussed in the morning hour. There is
rftuch other business that ought to be attended to.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen have desired to
see resumed the call of committees, which has
been suspended for nearly three months. There
are other bills in the morning hour besides fchis
one which m&st be got out of the way before that
call can be continued.
Mr. STEVENS. That result can only be ac-
complished by our voting instead of talking, and
1 am opposed to lettingthis thing run beyond an-
other morning hour, I wanted to speak.on it my-
self; I would speak on it with great pleasure, but
I "tl iHp-fr to forego that great pleasure, and
let the vote be taken withoutsaying another word.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that it be the unan-
imous consent of the House to take the vote on the
joint resolution to-morrow at three o'clock, p. m.
Mr. STEVENS. I shall not object to that.
'Mr. WARD. 1 think that we can close the
discussion of the joint resolution to-morrow. The
gentlemen who are to speak will do so briefly,
and it is probable that the vote can bo taken at
the time indicated. It will at least expedite the
business of the House to make the pending joint
resolution the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. PRICE. Let us have night sessions for
this discussion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the joint
resolution being made a sf>eciai order for to-mor-
rcrw, after the morning hour?
Mr. RADFORD. 1 obj.ct.
Mr. DAVIS, of New Yftrk. Mr. Speaker,
inasmuch as the effort which has been kindly
made by my friend and colleague, the honorable
member from New York, [Mr. Fenton,] to post-
pone the consideration of the joint resolution be-
fore the House until to-morrow, by reason of my
indisposition to-day,seems to occasion some em-
barrassment, 1 will now proceed with the re-
marks which i purpose to submit. I confess,
however, that my physical condition is such that
I ought not to make the exertion necessary to
render my voice audible in this Hull.
1 did not intend to address to 0he House any
remarks on this subject until a very recent period,
for I hoped that my colleague, the honorable
member from the twenty-second district of New
York, [Mr. Littlejohn,} who, from an intimate
experience of thirty years in the commerce of
the North and of the lakes, is eminently quali-
fied to discuss all the questions involved in the
reciprocity treaty, would be able to present to
tho House his own enlightened views, which
would be far more worthy of consideration than'
mine. But illness winch now disables me has
for the whole session prostrated him, and I there-
fore feci compelled to say something in behalf of
his constituency and my own.
The existing treaty with Great Britain, in refer-
ence to reciprocal traffic and commerce between
the British provinces of North America and the
United States, is about to terminate, provided
either Government shall give the notice authorized
by its terms. It isevident that the people of the
United States are to a considerable extent dissat-
isfied with its operation, and a resolution is now
introduced authorizing the notice to be given
which by the terms of. the treaty will, as now
claimed, accomplish its abrogation.
In looking at the treaty m reference to the legal
effect of its provisions, I do not believe that the
time has yet arrived when the noticc to abrogate
it can be given.
The following is the language, no far as rifcfes-
sary to quote it, of the fifth aiticlo of the treaty:
"The present treaty shall take effect as'soon a-? the laws
required to carry it imo opeialion shall have been parsed
by the impeiial Parliament ol Great Biitain and by the
provincial Parliaments of those of the Notth American eoj-
omet- which are affected by tins treaty, on the one hand,
and by the Congress of the United States on the other.
Such assent having been given, the treat} s>h.\H remain m
force from the date at winch it may come into operation,
and further until the expiration of twelve months alter
either of the high contracting parties fehall give notice to
the other of its wish to terminate the same.5'
This treaty, although signed by the contract-
ing parties in June, 1854, did not become a law
untii tho respective Legislatures of Parliaments of
the provinces and of England and the Congress
of the United Smttt had passed the several acts
necefsary to give it validity. This legislation
was not effected untii the month of September,
1854, when the commercial season of that year
had almost expired.
Therefore, practically, it did not go into effect
upon commerce until 1855, and ten years have
not yet elapsed since it in any legal sense went
into operation, nor it^ed since the execution of
the treaty itself.
Before the expiration of ten years in its opera-
tion, and on the first Monday of December next,
Congress again convenes; the legal term will then
be fully passed, and we may, if we then deem it
expedient, direct the noticc of abrogation to be
given. It seems to me that under the terms of
the treaty, and without reference to any other
consideration, it would be discreet to postpone
any action upon the subject until the next session.
[ know it will be replied, on the other hand, that
by virtue of legislation in Congress, in England,
and the provinces, affecting the operation of the
treaty, and subsequent to its date, it virtually took
effect in June, 1854, because this legislation pro-
vided that all duties paid by eiihfer party upon tho
importation of goods made free by treaty provis-
ion should be refunded, and that all bonds given for
the payment of duties aftpr the date of the treaty
should be canceled. But I say that according to
legal construction it did not, it could not, become
legally effective until after every actof legislation
required by the terms and language of the treaty
was passeti by each of the parties to be affected
by it.
And I cannot illustrate my view of this point
better than by proposing to the honorable gen-
tleman from Maine, flVJr. Pikr,] who made allu-
sion to it the other day, the question whether a
party on the 1st day of August, 1854, importing
produce from the provinces into the United States,
subject to duty under the laws in operation be-
fore the date of the treaty, would be protected by
anything in this treaty from the payment of the
duty. The former laws were not repealed until
the treaty became valid by the legislation which
wins a condition pieccdentto its operation. That
legislation might or might not he adopted; all was
contingent and uncertain; and until the fact of the
legal acceptance of the terms by all tho parties,
the treaty did not begin to exist, and its term did
not begin to run. The subsequent legislation
giving it a retrospective effect was no part of the
treaty, and the time thus covered no part of the
ten years specified.
But independently of any legal consideration of
this nature,letus inquiie whether it would Incon-
sistent with sound judgment, and with a states-
manlike and comprehensive view of nur internal
aiYairs and our foreign relations, to give notice of
our determination to abrogate this treaty. The
giving of any notice at this time is, in my judg-
ment, on political grounds, a matter of very doubt-
ful policy, and it seems to me clear that the im-
perative terms of tho resolution are specially
unnecessary and unadvisable.
The honorable gentleman fioni Maine [Mr.
Pikk] who advocated the positive and mandatory
terms of the resolution, told us that he did not
feci willing to take any step or to employ any
language which might be regarded as bowing
down to Great Britain and soliciting terms of her.
1 do not wish to humble my country before fhat
Power or any other on the globe, and I have no
fear, not the slightest, that, occupying to-day the
position of one of the greatest military Powers of
the earth, with aNavy more formidable than any
of which England ever boasted, with armies in
the field supeiioi in numbers and appointment to
that which carried the eagles of Napoleon to Vi-
enna or to Moscow,our dignity or our honor is to
be impeached by a frank and honest intimation
to Great Britain of our desire not to abrogate or
annul the treaty, but to modify and amend it, so
as to make it mutually just and beneficial. I
would not hesitate to give the notice because of
the greatness or power of Britain, but because I
believe it unnecessary and demanded neither by
justice nor policy nor interest.
Sir, the great system of commercial communi-
cation between these States and the provinces,
provided by natuie and improved by art, unrivaled
as it is in any country of the globe, in itself sug-
gests the idea and propriety of intimate commer-
cial relations. The provinces and the States lie
side by side, stretching from ocean to ocean across
a continent, with a common highway and bound-
ary of lakes and rivers, extending for more than
two thousand miles between.
In addition to ftiis, we within our own limits
have provided artificial channels from Erie and
Ontario to the tide-watersof the Hudson,as more
convenient,direct, and economical avenues for the
commerce of the West than the one which nature
constructed in the valley of the St. Lawrence.
I cannot forget in the consideration of this sub-
ject that the great object of the American people
and of the State of New York, in the creation of
these artificial highways, has been the benefit of
commerce, and progress in the development of
our natural and exhuustless resources.
Sir,'there are manyphysical facts and consider-
ations connected with this subject which are
worthy of remembrance.
The projectors of our system of internal im-
provements naturally asked what was to be the
nature of their business and what the sources
whence it should be derived.
From the first exploration of the northwestern
States, and of the vast region lying beyond and
outside of the lines of general settlementand cul-
tivation, it has been known that within our own
jurisdiction we possessed a vast area of territory
well adapted to the culture of wheat, corn, and
other valuable grains, and that north of the lakes,
extending from the St. Lawrence to the sources
of the Mississippi and beyond, within the lines
of Biitish jurisdiction, another vast field existed,
where soil and climate indicated an extensive cereal
production. Indeed, throughout a very consid-
erable portion of eastern Canada, even, it is known
that wheat can be successfully cultivated; and al-*
though we regard it in common parlance as a cold
and cheerless region, a reference to the map will
teach us that if we extend our own northwestern
boundary, the forty-ninth parallel, easterly till
wo strike the St. Lawrence, and thence by a right
line to the northern limit of Maine, a little north
of the forty-seventh parallel, we shall find south
of that|lmc, in what is now British territory, a ter-
ritory of nearly four hundred thousand square
miles, in a large portion of which, especially at the
west, wheat is tho most extensive and profitable
agricultural production.
Now, sir, if we add to this region the area lying
between the longitude and latitude of Lake Supe-
rior and the Rocky mountains, a territory of far
greater extent and adapted by peculiar physical
conditions to the culture of wheat and other ce-
reals, we shall discover that wc have room enough
in British territory for an unlimited production
and an inexhaustible commerce. I will not here
enlarge upon the physical facts which make this
region specially favorable to agricultural produc-
tion. It is for the present enough to know that
the British Territories of the Northwest arc des-
tined to become most important contributors of
agricultural production to the marts of our east-
ern shores.
The only outlets by water to the Atlantic afforded
to this production and to the production of the
western and northwestern States aie by the Ohio
or other western streams, and the Mississippi to
the Gulf of Mexico; or by the lakes and the St.
Lawrence to the Gulf of St. Lawrence, or by the
lakes and the New York canals to the Hudson
and New York. There arc important reasons
why the produce of all our north western States and
of the Biitish territories north of them should
seek our Atlantic ports rather than New Oilcans
or the St. Lawrence.
Is it not, then, our policy to keep open all our
communications and relations with our British
neighbors with the view of retaining the com-
merce and controlling the production which were
distinctly in the view of those who laid the basis
of ourinternal communications? Commercial in-
terest dictated the treaty of reciprocity, and al-
though we may have been disappointed in some
regards as to its workings, we have by its means
secured a large interest in the commerce it was
intended to reach. Commerce unrestricted will
naturally seek those channels which secure, in
the greatest degree practicable, directness, safety,
economy. Water communication within the limits
of the facilities it affords is, for considerable dis-
tances, cheaper than any other mode of transpor-
tation, and therefore wiil be sought in preference
to other transportation to the same point. Our
lakes and canals furnish a more dnect and safer
