1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
transit of property to and from the West and
Northwest than tjan be found by the St. Lawrence,
the navigation of which at its entrance into the
Gulf is closed for more than half the year, and made
dangerous by fogs and storms for the residue.
The Mississippi route is less favorable than ours,
both on account of increased distance, cost, and
safety. It was therefore that the line of water
communication was made between the lakes and
the Hudson, affording an uninterrupted, cheap,
and convenient channel for commerce, in a favor-
able climate, and connecting with the most ample
and safest seaport on the Atlantic coast. More-
over, it is on the only line within our national ju-
risdiction, from the Bay of Fundy to the Gulf oT
Mexico, where a water or canal communication
could be constructed from the Atlantic to the lakes
or the Mississippi.,
If we trace the physical outlineseven ofLower
Canada we find the Laurentian mountain chain
extends from the northerly and westerly shores
of the Gulf of St. Lawrence southwesterly be-
tween the head-waters oftheOttawa river and Lake
Huron. The Appalachian range lifts its forbid-
ding outlines from central New York to Alabama
and Georgia, leaving but one gateway through
which commerce may pass untaxed for artificial
aid, and through that gateway the unrivaled Hud-
son rolls its flood. For these reasons the New
York canals possess the most practicable and safe
and economical communication for the British
provinces of the Northwest to the seaboard. I
may perhaps properly add in this connection
that British productions, as well as our own in the
West and Northwest," will be permanently, to a
greatextent, excluded from the Mississippi chan-
nel of exportation by reason of high temperature
notonly of the lower Mississippi butof the waters
of the Gulf through or over which these produc-
tions are exported. Wheat in bulk, corn, oats,
and other grains are often destroyed by heat and
vapor on their southern passage. Flour itself is
injured, and sometimes made worthless, while
through our own channels injuries seldom result
from these causes. With the exception of a few
months during the present war the Mississippi
has bjen open for commerce since the purchase
of Louisiana, yet 1 think it will appear by au-
thentic reports which I have examined that not
one bushel of grain in fifty of that exported to
Europe has been shipped from New (Means.
The purposes of the treaty of 1854 were to
afford mutual benefits to all by the establishment
of intimate permanent commercial relations be-
tween them, and to promote the importation and
exportation of the productions of the several coun-
tiies for their mutual convenience.
In addition to the traffic we expected to secure
in Canadian grains, we anticipated the importa-
tion of lumber, especially of pine, both from
Canada and from New Brunswick, in exchange
for produce we might sell to them. Lumber is
one of the principal, perhaps the principal of the
products of Canada, while with us the produc-
tion each year is becoming less, from the clearing
up of accessible lands. The lumber of the pine
region of Canada between the St. Lawrence and
Lake Huron is inexhaustible foracentury. The
production of this lumber affords employment to
the Canadian laborer, profit to his employer,
freight to the carrier, and from the arrival of lum-
ber at our own ports it becomes a source of pub-
lic and private profit to us. It pays freight to our
boatmen, tolls to our canals, commissions to our
merchants, premiums to our insurers, and taxes
to our Government.
All Upper Canada as well as Lower Canada is
destitute of fossil coal, and it is furnished by Ohio
and Pennsylvania, and perhaps a little by Michi-
gan, in payment of imports. The annual con-
sumption of American coal in Canada West and
East will not probably fall far short of four hun-
dred thousand tons. From its mining to its de-
livery on Canadian wharves it isasourceof profit
to our people.
We thus supply the Canadas of the West with
fuel adapted to their uses, and cheaper than any
other to be obtained, all which we can spare from
our infinite abundance.
Now, on the other hand, in the provinces of
Nova Scotia and New Brunswick nature has
stored immense deposits ofcoal, in which our east-
ern States are deficient, and thug we receive from
the eastern provinces, for New England at least,
what Pennsylvania and Ohio furnish to the west-
ern provinces. Thus the trade becomes mutually
advantageous; and I cannot see why in that re-
gard we should be willing to put a stop to it.
I am not here, Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of
saying that this treaty with Great Britain has pro-
duced all the good effects anticipated by us. I
am aware that its operation has been in many re-
spects what we did not anticipate, and what we
had no right to anticipate. Effects have resulted,
not from the treaty, but from subsequent legisla-
tion of the Canadian provinces, which we now
attribute to the treaty itself. When that treaty
was entered into it was, doubtless, with the under-
standing on both sides that the legislation of the
provinces and of the States would be such as to
favor the terms and spirit of the treaty. And yet
we found that after 1855, and from time to time
up to 1§59 the provincial legislatures imposed dis-
criminating duties in favor of Canada and against
us, as will appear by the following schedule:
Articles.
Molasses 
Sugar, refined—
Sugar, oilier 
Boots and shoes.,
Harness 
Cotton goods 
lion goods 
Silk gnod1*^. 
Wool goods 
Per
Per
IVr
Per
Per
cent.
cent.
CCllt.'
cent.
cent.
1855.
1856.
1557.
1858.
1859.
16
J1
11
18
no
32
28
25
26*
40
27'?
20
20
21
90
12*
M*
17*
21
25
m
17
20
21
25
12}
13>-
lf>
lf>
20
12*
] ea-
J 5
16
20
m
rn
15
17
20
12>
14
15
18
20
The idea of selling our manufactured goods to
Canada was one of the inducements on our side
to enter into thetreaty. We have therefore, per-
haps, a light to complain of the violation of the
spirit of the treaty; though,from an examination
which I have given to the treaty itself, I do not
find that this subsequent legislation is any tech-
nical violation of its terms.
On the other hand, 1 might refer to what the
Canadian authorities say in regard to American
legislation. They admit that they have legislated
in a way which disciiminates m favor of their
own productions, and they place it on the giound
of political and financial necessity. They say
that the expenditures in which they have become
involved, or for which they have incurred obliga-
tions for the purpose of developing the interests
of Canada, have rendered it absolutely essential
that they should impose duties beyond what they
had anticipated in order to meet the interest on
their public debt.
Now, sir, I apprehend that it will not be neces-
sary for us to go far back to find that we have
been in that same condition, and they, therefore,
with as much justice reply to us that we have im-
posed duties discriminating against the interests
of Canada. And it is so. The facts and statis-
tics, the details of which I have not time now to
present, will prove that proposition, ltisamat-
ter that is distinctly set forth in the communica-
tion of the finance minister of Canada in his report
to his Government in 1862.
1 have heard it stated upon this floor that the
operation of this treaty was entirely againstAmer-
ican interests and American* commerce. I say,
sir, that the report made by the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States, showing the entire
operations of this treaty from 1854 to 1862, proves
that the'commerce between the two countries hasj
been constantly increasing, although less.since
1859 than before that time. Still there has been
a general and constant increase in the extent of
that traffic which it was the purpose of that treaty
to encourage.
Now, sir, I will say here that it is hardly a fair
^comparison to date the commencement of the
trade under this treaty back to"1854. It substan-
tially went into operation in 1855. It did not
legally go into operation until so late in 1854 that
the trade under it could not be faiily said to have
commenced until 1855. Since that time up to 1862
the following has been the amount of trade be-
tween the two countries:
Exports from June, 185-3, to June, 1862,ot loi-
etzn goods..   
Domestic    I -1 >.l
Apparent totnl 
Imports during same penod.... 
Exccss of cupqus over import*. 
Mr. ARNOLD. With the permission of the
gentleman, I desire to offer un amendment iri the
nature of a substitute for the joint resolution^ be-
fore the House in order that-it may be printed-.:
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest to the gentleman
that his .amendment will not be in order as a
substitute inasmuch as one substitute is already
pending.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will then offer my amend-
ment to the original resolution if that will be ih
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Cobb in the
chair.) An amendment will be in order to the
original resolution.
Mr. ARNOLD then submitted the following -
amendment, which was read and ordered to bo
printed:
Strike out after the word " authorized," in the fourth
line of the original resolution," by and witii the advice and
cotis<uit of tiie Senate, to appoint three eomniUAioners to
confer with per.-ons duly authorized by Gie.it JJmain in
that behalf, to negotiate a new treaty, based upon the true
principles of reciprocity "between the two Governments and
the people of both countries, wttiuhe view of enlarging tile
basis of the present treaty, and tor the removal of cxibtjog
difficulties," and insert in iieu thereof as follows:
fly and witii tiie advice'and consent of the Senate, to
appoint three commissioners to confer with persons duiy
authorized by Gieat Britain in that behalf, to negotiate a
new treaty, based upon Hie true principles of reciprocity
between the two Governments and the people of both coun-
tries, with the view of enlarging the basis of the present
treatv, and for the removal of existing difficulties: Pro-
vided, That incaseno such treaty shall be agreed to by both
Governments, then, in such case, the President is hereby
authorized, in his discretion, togive the notice terminating
said treaty aceoiding to the provisions thereof.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. These figures
show that all this loud talk which we have heard
against the unjust and inequitable operations of
this treaty has not facts on which it is based, but
that, on the contrary, during this period we have
exported to Canada $22,000,000 more than wc
have imported from Canada.
Sir, while I admit that a portion of the imports
under that treaty has been free of duty, still i say
that it has afforded business support to our own
citizens. All thathasbeen sold has been paid for
with a profit to ourselves, and all that has been
bought and sold has added so much to our busi-
ness, which, underother circumstances, we might
not have had at all.
Now, sir, lertis follow thisoperation fora mo-
ment. Suppose we imported of British fabrics or
West India productions $25,000,000 a year, which
wc sent to Canada. Do we not receive on that
the ordinary profit of purchase abroad, shipment
to New York or other port in the United States?
Do we not receive freight on our internal naviga-
tion ? Do not some of the States receive tolls on
their avenues of communication? Thus we find
wherever lliis product may be purchased that it
is a source of profit to our own citizens until we
part with it.
In a report which I have had occasion to ex-
amine on this subject, I find it stated that in one
year we actually sent |3,000,000 in gold into Can-
ada to pay the difference between exports and im-
ports. 1 do notcare if it were $10,000,000. Why
do we send it there? Simply for the purpose of
purchasing produce which we send abroad and
thus increase our business. That is not an alarm-
ing proposition. In that same year Canada sent
to New York'nearly twice the amount of gold
that we sent to Canada, at least one and a half
times as much; and if we paygold to any extent
to Canada, we convert the import into gold again
i n Europe where we ship our Canadian imports as
freights for our own shipping.
But, sir, there are other considerations 1 desire
to present which affect those points in which I
have an interest. 1 might refer to salt. My own
district is largely interested m salt. We send,
perhaps, three hundred thousand barrels of salt to
Canada every year, and we get our pay in their
lumber or in articles which they can furnish to us
cheaper than we can get them any where else. Is
there anythingwrongii'fthattraffic? I think not;
and in take a comprehensive view of the subject
it seems to me that we ought to regard Cana'laas
we do Ohio. Whatever Ohio brings to us swells
our commerce, and whatever Canada brings to us
docs the same thing.
But the other reason to which I especially wish
to draw attention is this: that the cpmmunictition
by the St. Lawrence with the ocean is one of
rommetcial necessity. Sir, when the State o!
I New York commenced her grand system of in-
