1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KERNAN. I withdraw my objection.
There being no objection, the bill was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means with au-
thority to report at any time.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POSTAL BILL.
Mr. ALLEY. ^ I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote, by which the postal
bill was passed this morning; and move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIPHALET BROWN, JR.—AGAIN.
Mr. WARD. I desire to know whot disposi-
tion was made of Senate bill 334, for the relief of
Eliphalet Brown, jr., artist in the Japan expedition.
The SPEAKER. It was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. WARD. I desire to move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred. The
chairman of the Naval Committee was out of the
House at the time the bill came up or he would
have made some explanation of it.
Mr. HOLM AN. The bill is an appropriation
bill and i suppose must go to the Committee of
the Whole if it is brought back to the House.
Mr. WARD. If the House will hear me for a
moment, 1 do not think there can be any objec-
tion to this bill. The chairman of the Naval
Committee has some papers in connection with
it coming from the Senate, and as I see he is now
in the House, I hope he will present them. In
the mean time, however, I will make a short state-
ment of the bill. Mr. Brown was engaged as an
artist in the Japan expedition, and during the
time he was so employed he only received the pay
of an acting master in the Navy, with the under-
standing upon the part of Commodore Perry that
his services as a photographer of the expedition
should be satisfactorily adjusted and he receive
his pay as artist. There have been two cases of
the same kind that have been passed by Con-
gressgrantingexiracompensation. Tins bill has
passed the Senate without objection, and I think
there should be no objection to it m this House.
A bill was passed in 1857 paying James Morrow
for his services as agriculturist of the expedition
at the rate of $1,500 per annum. At a later period
another act was passed paying for the services of
Mr. Heine as artist. Commodore Perry certified
to the services of this gentleman and to the value
of his services as artist to the expedition The
amount of his compensation is so trifling that it
seems to me the House will permit tins bill to pass
without reference to the Committee of Claims or
any othercommittee. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs will make a state-
ment of what he knows about the case, and then
I am sure there will be no objection to the bill.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I will send to
the Clerk's desk and have read the report of the
Committee on Naval Affairs of theSenate on this
bill. I am not myself acquainted with the facts
in the case further than they appear in that report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the memorial of E. Brown, jr., of the city of New York,
praying additional compensation for services rendered as
an artist in the naval expedition to Japan under Commo-
dore Perry, having had the same under consideration,
report:
That the memorialist wa«* employed in the Japan expe-
dition as an artist, in the quality of daguerreotype, delin-
eator of natuial scenery, and diauglu-jman ; tnat lie was
induced by Commodoie Perry to render ms services in that
capacity to the expedition by an appointment as acting
master's mate on hoaid the flagship, with the rate of pay
thereunto pertaining, and by the aourance that, if the ex-
pedition was successful, and its results should be satis-
factory to the Government and eountiy, h'' (Commodore
Terry) had no doubt the Government would allow a com-
pensation for the services required, additional to the pay
of master's mate, so as to make it equal to that usually
allowed to artists in the naval expeditions of the United
StaleSl ^ T> . . 1
Cwmmodore Ferry certifies that Mr. Brown executed hi"
work with talent and skill, and to his entire satisfaction.
It appear* that Dr. Morrow, who act(?H as agriculturist of
the expedition, and Mt. Heme, who was employed in the
same capacity as the menior.ali?t, have received extia com-
pensation by special act Of Congies^.
The committee know no reahO«n why-the memorialist is
not entitled to an equal reward tor his service*, and there-
tore tepoitthe accompanying bill.
The motion to reconsider was notagreed to
NEW YORK AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
Mr. WEBSTER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill from the select committee on an air-line
railroad from Washington to New York was re-
committed to the special committee; and move to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. PRUYN. What will be the effect of that
upon the condition of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The effect would be to pre-
vent the bill hereafter being brought back to the.
House on a motion to reconsider.
Mr. PRUYN. I am not sure then that the
motion to reconsider had better be laid on the
table.
On laying the motion to reconsider on the ta-
ble, 30 voted in the affirmative and 41 in the neg-
ative; no quorum.
Mr. WEBSTER. Well, Mr. Speaker,rather
than break up a quorum I will withdraw the
motion to rcconsider.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by Mr.
Forney, their Secretary, informing the liouse
that the Senate, on reconsideration, have again
passed the bill of the House (No. 549) farther to
regulate and provide for the enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes,
with all the amendments previously concurred in
except the section objected to by the House, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrcncc of
the House.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to non-concur in the amendments
of the Senate to the conscription bill, and ask for
a committee of conference.
Mr. STEVENS. X object.
THOMAS J. GAL1IRAITU.
Joint resolution (S. No. 67) for the relief of
Thomas J. Galbraith was taken from theSpeak-
er's table, and read a first and second time.
• Mr. WILSON. I move to refer that joint reso-
lution to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope it will notbe referred.
The gentleman knows very well that the commit-
tee will not have an opportunity to report again
this session. There arc no material changes in
this resolution from the bill which passed the
House. Major Galbraith was a^cnt of the Sioux
Indians, and at the time of the Indian hostilities
he lost all his property and agreatportion of his
vouchers; so that it is absolutely impossible to
settle his accounts unless his own testimony is
allowed to be received.
Mr. WILSON. If the gentleman will amend
the resolution so as to make it incumbent upon
the Secretary of the Interior to take corroborative
testimony, 1 will not object to it.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not think that is at all
necessary, for the Secretary now has power to
take such testimony if he shall consider it to be
necessary.
Upon the motion to refer, 43 voted in the affirm-
ative and 41 in the negative; no quorum.
Mr. WILSON. Rather than break up a quo-
rum I withdiaw the motion to refer,
Mr. IIOLMAN. I renew the motion to refer
and demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Window were appointed.
The flouse divided; and there were—ayes 46,
noes 45.
The SPEAKER voted in the negative.
So the bill was not referred.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and Jt waft accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WINDOM demanded the previous ques-
tion on the pas^jge of the bill.
The previous question wys seconded, and the
main question ordered,
i | Mr. KALBFLEISCH demanded the yeas and
li nays.
,j The yeas and nays were not ordered.
!j The House divided; and there were—ayes 61,
;l noes 31.
;i So the lull was passed.
ji Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
■ lay the motion to reconsider on the hd>le
The latiti motion wae to.
ENROLLMENT " i
The SPEAKER kid 'before*'|ket,KpUftS fee
amendment of lite Seriate .to the.e^flfften^bSjL
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to kno,w
bill comes properly Before the Hoiise a£ this "time.
The SPEAKER. It does.' By the 54th rule
it will be seen that when the House proceeds
to the business upon the Speaker's table, the
Speaker is ordered to dispose of that business
asfollows: I. Messages and other executive com-
munications; and, 2. Messages from the Seiiftte
and amendment proposed by theSenate to bills
of the House. The question recurs on concur-
rence in the amendment of the Senate. ' .
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous ques-
tion. I hope the House will non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate so that the whole matter
may go to a committee of conference.
Mr. DA WEti. I hope the gentleman will yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly. ■ _ .
Mr. DAWES. Mr.Speulter, I havenodesire
to throw any embarrassments in the way of tits
Government in the administration of this (he
most important branch of its duties at this time.
If I know anything about my own feelings or de-
termination at this time, 1 am ready to cooperate
in any measure which I can satisfy my mind will
reach the end and accomplish the purpose de-.
signed. If, sir, I am constrained at this moment
to differ with those who press this measure, in the
shape it comes from the other branch, upon tha
country, it is because the more I examine it and
weigh its provisions in the light of their applica-
tion to the present condition of the country atid
of the eftect to be produced upon the people, the
more I am convinced that I am serving the coun-
try in opposition rather than in support of the
measure in its present shape. I do not desire to
relieve any poition of the country from one iota
of the burden of this war, come in what manner
and what way it may, whether it be in the exac-
tion of treasure or men, whether it be of blood or
of any other sacrifice.
I hold, sir, that all we have belongs to the Gov-
ernment, and I am now for framing such a bill as
will reach thai end; that will strengthen most the
arm of the Government and soonest reach the end
or' ill is great contest. And, sir, if 1 know anything
of the Government, if I know any tiling of the prin-
ciples upon which it is framed, and where its
stiength lies, 1 know that stringency and effi-
ciency are not here convertible terms. I know that
that is not the strongest, that that is not the best
measure at this time and for this purpose neces-
sarily which is the most stringent in its provisions.
Sir, this bill must be framed, if framed for any
good, with a view to its application to those upon
whom it is to bear and to the means at the com-
mand of the people. It is not to be framed in
any idea that any one section of the country is
less disposed than another to furnish its men and
money for this war. 1 admit the principle, and am
willing to recognize it in the bill, that all of us
from every State, every individual who is a loyal
man, does owe his personal service to Ills coun-
try and must yield that service; that the Govern-
ment has a light to demand it and the citizen
must obey.
Now, in differing from those who urge this
measure upon the country I am not to be put in
the category of those who are unwilling to do ail
that is in their power at this time. What, sir,
do we propose? We propose to combine the vol-
unteer system with the draft; we propose to hold
out inducements to every State in this Union to fur-
nish volunteers up to the measure of the call of the
Government. We propose to say to them,11 Get
your volunteersin just such way and in just such
manner as your exigencies and your necessities
require of you, provided you do not interfere with
a«iy oiher Stale in procuring their portion of this
quota." And, sir, we say further to the people
through the bill which we propose here, the House
bill, that if in the end—mid tlmt end is sixty
day.s—with all the inducements we are able to
hold out, al! the new fields presented, they are
not able to proeuie the men that they are called
upon to furnish, then no man in the country who
yields to the doctrine that the Government has
the right to the service of all its citizens in time
of war has any occasion to complain when the
' law requires of him to stand the lot, and go if
required, or furnish his man
