1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
in support of human lights they cannot be re- :
strained by any interpretation. There is no lim-
itation in them, and nobody now can supply any
such limitation, without encountering; the venera-
ble maxim of law, Impius ac crudelis qui libertati
nonfavet—" Impious and cruel is he who does not
favorliberty." Long enough courts and Congress
have merited this condemnation. The time has
come when they should merit it no longer. The
Constitution should become a living letter under
the predominant influence of freedom. It is this con-
viction which has brought petitioners to Congress,
during the present session, asking that the Con-
stitution shall be simply executed against slavery
and not altered. Ah 1 sir,itwould beagladsight
to see that Constitution, which we have ail sworn
to support, interpreted generously, nobly, gloii-
ously for freedom, so that everywhere within its
influence the chains should drop from the slave.
If it be said that this was not anticipated at the
adoption of the Constitution, I remind you of
the words of Patrick Henry at the time when he
said, 44 the paper speaks to the point." No doubt.
It does speak to the point. Cic.cro preferred to
err with Plato lather than to think right with
other men. And pardon me if, on this occasion,
when my country is in peril from slavery, and
when human rights aie to be rescued, I prefer to
err with Patrick Henry, the contemporary of the
Constitution, rather than to think right with Sen-
ators who hesitate against slavery.
Mr. President, thus standstke case. There is
nothing in the Constitution on which slavery can
rest, or find any the least support. Even on the
face of that instrument jt is an outlaw; but if we
look further at its provisions we lindat least four
distinct sources of power, which, if executed, must
render slavery impossible, while the preamble
makes them all vital for freedom: first, the power to
provide for the common defense and general wel-
fare; secondly, the power to raise armies and main-
tain navies; thirdly,the powertoguaranty tocvery
State a republican foi#n of government; and fourth-
ly, the power to secure liberty to every person re-
strained without due process of law. Entail those
provisions are something more than powers; they
are duties also. And yet we are constantly and
patnfuliy reminded in this Chamber that pending
measures against slavery are unconstitutional.
Sir, this is an immense mistake. Nothing against
slavery can be unconstitutional. It is only hesi-
tation which is unconstitutional.
And yet slavery still exists—in defiance of all
these requirements of the Constitution; nay,
more, in defiance of reason and justice, which can
never be disobeyed with impunity—it exists, the
perpetual spoiler of human rights and disturber
of the public peace, degrading master as well as
slave, corrupting society, weakening Govern-
ment, impoverishing the very soil itself, and im-
pairing the natuial resources of the country.
Such an outrage, so offensive in eveiy respect,
not only to the Constitution, but also to the whole
system of oider by which the universe is gov-
erned, is plainly a national nuisance, which, for
the general welfare and in the name of justice,
ought to be abated. But at this moment, when
it menaces the national life, it wiil not be enough
to treat slavery merely as a nuisance; for it is much
more, itisa publicencmy and traitor wherever it
shows itself, to be subdued, in the discharge ofsol-
ernn guarantees of Government and of personal
rights, and in the exercise of unquestionable and
indefeasible rights of self-defense. All now admit
that in the rebel States it is a public enemy and trai-
tor, so that the rebellion may be seen in slavery, and
slavery may be seen in the rebellion. But slavery
throughout the country, everywhere within the
national limits, is a living unit, one and indivisible—
so that even outside the rebel States it is the same
public enemy and traitor, lending succor to the
rebellion, and holding out "blue lights" to en-
courage and direct its operations. But whether
regarded as national nuisance or as public enemy
and traitor, it is obnoxious to the same judgment,
and must be abolished.
If, in abolishing slavery, any injury were done
to the just interests of any human being or to any
rights of any kind, there might be something " to
give us pause," even against these irresistible re-
quirements. But nothing of the kind can ensue.
No just interests and no rights can suffer. It is
the rare felicity of such an act, as well outside
as inside the rebel States, that, while striking a
blow at the rebellion, and assuring future tran-
quillity, so that-the Republic shall no longer bea
house divided against itself, it will add at once to
the value of the whole fee simple wherever sla-
very exists, will secure individual rights, and will
advance civilization itself.
There is another motive to abolish slavery at
this time, Embattled armies now stand face to
face, on the one side fighting; for slavery. The
gauntletthathas been flungdown wehave yettaken
uponly in part. In abolishing slavery entirely we
take up the gauntlet entirely. Then can we look
with confidence to the blessings of Almighty God
upon our arms. So long as we sustain slavery,
so long as we hesitate to strike at it, the heavy
battalions of our armies will fail in power. Sir
Giles Ovcrreach found his sword, as he attempted
to draw it, " glued with orphans'tears." Let not
our soldiers find their swords " glued" with the
tears of the slave.
There is one question and only one which rises
in our path; and this only because the national
representatives have so long been drugged and
drenched with slavery, which they have taken in
all forms, whether of dose or douche, that, like a
long-suffering patient, they arc not yet emanci-
pated from its influence. I refer, of course, to
the question of compensation under the shameful
assumption that there can be property in man.
Sir, there was a moment when I was willing to
pay money largely, or at least to any reasonable
amount, for emancipation; but it was as ransom,
and neveras compensation. ThankGod ! thattime
has now passed, never to return; and simply be-
cause money is no longer needed for the purpose.
Our fathers under Washington never paid the A.1-
gennes for the emancipation of our enslaved fel-
low-citizens, cxcept as ransom, and they ccased
ail such tribute when emancipation could be had
without it. Such must be our rule now. Any
other lule would be to impoverish the Treasury
for nothing. The time has come for the old toc-
sin to sound, "Millions for defense, not a cent
for tribute." Ay,sii; millions of dollars—with
millions of strong arms also—to defend our coun-
try against slave-masters; but not a cent for tribute
to slave-masters.
But if money is to be paid as compensation,
clearly it cannot go to the master, who for gen-
erations has robbed the slave of his toil and all
its fruits, so that, in justice, he may be regaidcd
now as the trustee of accumulated earnings with
interest which he has never paid over. Any
money paid as compensation must belong every
dollar of it to the slave. if the ease were
audited in Heaven's chancery, there must be
another allowance for the denial of inestimable
rights. The loss of wages may be estimated,
but where is the^arilF or price-current by which
those other losses which have been the lot of every
slave shall be determined ? Mortal arithmetic is
impotent to assess the fearful sum total. In pres-
ence of this infinite responsibility the whole
question must be referred to that other tiibunal
where master and .slave will be equal, while in-
finite wisdom tempers justice with mercy.
But the proposition of compensation is founded
j on the intolerable assumption of property in man,
i! an idea which often intrudes into these debates,
sometimes from its open vindicators and some-
times from others who reluctantly recognize it, but
allow it to influence their conduct which is thus
" sicklied o'er"with slavery. Sir,parliamentary
law must be observed; but if an outburst of in-
dignant hisses were ever justifiable in a parlia-
mentary assembly itought to break forth at every
mention of this proposition, whateverform it may
take—whether of daring assumption, or the mild-
est suggestion, or equivocation even. Impious
toward God and insulting toward man, it is dis-
owned alike by the conscience and the reason;
i' nor is there any softness of phrase or argument by
!j which its essential wickedness can be disguised.
| The fool hath said in Ins heart that there is no
| God; but it is kindred folly to say that there is
; no man. The first is atheism, and the second is !
1 like unto the fiist. j
j Foremost of all persons in history who have j
! vindicated human liberty, and associated their j
; names with it forcvcrmore, stands John Milton, ■
. the secretary of Oliver Cromwell and the author j
i of Paradise Lost. Cradled under a lawless roy- ;
i alty, he helped to found and support the English ■
; Commonwealth, while in all (hat he wrote he i
pleaded for human rights, now in defense of tha
English people, who had beheaded their king, and
now in immortal poems which show how wisely
and well he loved the cause which he had made
his o\Sn, Nowhere has this assumption of prop-
erty in mati been encountered more complete!^
than m the conversation between the archangel
and Adam, after the former had pictured a hunter
whose game was " men, not beasts;"
" O execrable son! so to aspire
Above his brethren, to hin^elf assuming
Authority usurped, fiom God not given !
He gave us only over beast, lKa, fowl,
Dominion absolute; that light we hold.
13 y III"? donation; but man over men
He made not lord, such title to Himself
Reserving, human left from human free."
Paradne Loi>t, Book Twelve—64-73.
But every asserter of property m man puts him-
self in the very place of this hunter of " men, not
bens's," who is described as "cxecrable son so
to aspire." The language is strong; but not too
strong. " Execrable" is the assumption; "ex-
ecrable" wherever made; " execrable" in all its
forms; " execrable" in all i(s consequences; es-
pecially " execrable" as an apology for hesita-
tion against slavery. The assumption, where
ever it shows itself, must, like Satan himself, in
whom it has its origin, be beaten down under our
feet.
Again, we are brought by learned Senators to
the Constitution, which requires that there shall
be "just compensation" where " puvatc prop-
erty ^ is taken for public use. But plainly on the
present occasion the requirement of the Consti-
tution is absolutely inapplicable, for there is no
"private property" to take. Slavery is but a
bundle of barbarous pretensions, from winch cer-
tain persons are to be released. At what piico
shall these pretensions be estimated ? How much
shall be paid for the contioliing pretension of
property in man ? How much shall be allowed
for that other pretension to shut the gates of
knowledge,and keep the victim fmm the book of
life? Plow much shall be expended to redeem
the pretension to rob a human being of all the
fruits of his toil? And, sir, what " just compen-
sation" shall be voted for the renunciation of that
Heavcn-defymg pretension, too disgusting to pic-
ture in its details, w.hich despoils the .slave of
wife and child, and hands them over to lust or
avarice ? Let these pretension* be renounced, and
slavery ceases to exist; but there can be no " just
compensation " for any such renunciation. "The
human heart, reason, religion, the Constitution
itself, rise in judgment against it. As well vote
"just compensation" to the hardened offender
who renounces his disobedience to the Ten Com-
mandments and promises that he will cease to
steal, that he will cease to commit adultery, and
that lie will cease to covet his neighbor's wife.
Ay, sir, there is nothing in the Constitution to
sanction any such outrage. Such an appiopria-
tion would be unconstitutional.
Putting aside, then, all objections that have been
interposed, whether proceeding from open oppo-
sition or fiom lukewarm support, the gieat ques-
tion recurs, that question which dominates this
whole debate, Pow shall slavery be ovet thrown?
The answer is threefold: first, by the courts, de-
claring and applying the tiue piinciplesof the
Constitution; secondly, by Congress, in the ex-
ercise of the powers which belong to it; and,
thirdly, by the people, through an amendment to
the Constitution. Courts, Congress, people, all
may b& invoked, and the occasion will justify
the appeal.
1. Let the appeal be made to the courts. But
alas! one of the saddest chapters in our history
has been the conduct of judges, who have lent
.themselves to the support of slavery. Injunctions
of the Constitution, guatantcea of personal lib-
erty, and prohibitions against its invasion, have
all been forgotten. Couits which should have
been asylums of liberty have been changed into
barracoons, and the Supreme Court of the United
States, by a final decision of sui passing mfamy,
became the greatest fcarracooii of all. It has been
part of the calamity of the times, that, under the
influence of slavery, justice, like Asa-sea of old,
had fled. But now at last, in a regeneiated Re-
public, with the powerof slavery waning,and t4ie
people rising in judgment against it, let us hope
that the judgments of courts may be reconsidered^
and that the powers of tht- Constitution in behalt
