1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MILITARY AFFAIRS IN ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, anil agreed In:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Conduct of the
War be instructed to inquire into the military admmistia-
tion in ail its depaitments in the city of AieYandua. and
especially into the system of militniy police there estab-
lished ; and the place ami mode of jmpriJ-onuient and pun-
ishment, and whethei punishments of a ciueland unusual
charactei" arc not inflicted Without authority of Jaw in the
place known a* (l tlio slave pen'' in thatcity ; and that *aid
committee inquii e what fines and foiieituie> aie levied and
dcclaied iu said city, and how and by whom and by wli.it
authority they are levied and declared, and to what pui-
po-sC they arc nppiopiiafed; and especially whethei im-
prisonment in " the.via ve pen" and douching are ie.-orted to
by the militaiy authentic* for the punishment of soldiejs.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No. 87)
to extend the provisions of an act entitled "An
act to provide compensation for the services of
George Moreli in adjusting titles to land in Mich-
igan;" which was lead twice by its title, and ic-
feired to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
8$) regulating proceedings in criminal cases, nnd
for other purposes; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 89) in re-
lation to proceedings in the courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
90) to piovide for the employment of the Sioux
Indian captives m the military service of the Uni-
ted States; which was read twice by its title, and
refened to the Committee on Indian Allans.
Mr. MORGAN, in pursuance of previous no-
lice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(8. No. 1)1) to quiet titles in favor of parties in
actual possession of lands situated in theDistnct
of Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 26) reviving the grade of
lieutenant general in the United States Army was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Mihtia.
REPORTS FItOM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN", from the Committee nn Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No. 122)
to increase the internal revenue, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with amendments.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on (he Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was refeired the pe-
tition of A. R. Davis, of Montgomery county, Ma-
ryland, praying compensation for slaves alleged
to have been freed by the opeiation of the act etnan-
cipatmgslaves in the District of Columbia, report-
ed adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
fiorn the further consideration of the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the report?
Mi. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objected to,it
cannot be considered at the present time. j
Mi. GRIMES, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was leferred a bill
(S. No. 82_) concerning notaries public for the
District of Columbia, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. DTXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom were referied the pe-
tition of Lucy Gwynne and others, praying for
the incorporation of Providence hospital; and also
a bill (S. No. 79) to incorporate Providence hos-
pital in the city of Washington, Distnct of Co-
lumbia, leported the bill with amendments.
Mi. HA RDING, fiom the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 19)
foi the leiiefofL. F. Cartee, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. POMEROV. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred a
joint lesulution (S. No. 17) relative to a certain
grant of lands for railroad purposes made to the
Tenitory of Minnesota in the year 1857, to ask
that it be printed and recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was ngieed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (PI. II. No. 40)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1865, have directed me
to report it back with sundry amendments. The
Committee on Finance have been placed in pos-
session of a large number of communications from
the State Department in reference, one of them,
to a change of laws, and the rest to an increase
of the compensation of consuls at certain places.
They consider that this is matter of legislation
which is not appropriate to that committee, and
theydiave instructed me to report them to the Sen-
ate and request that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to which they properly
belong; and 1 will say to the Committee on Com-
merce that if they sanction the propositions they
will be appiopnate amendments to the consular
appropriation bill which I have just icpoi ted, and
1 shall let that bill lie for some days in the hope
that the question may be taken up at an early day
by the Committee on Commerce, so that they may
be ready with their amendments when the bill
shall come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That disposition
will be made of the papers, if there be no objec-
tion. The Chair hears none.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Commii!er> on the Ih^tiict of Colum-
bia he ju-tiueled to inquire into the subject ot the Wash-
ington aqueduct, and the necessity tor iuithei appropria-
tions liicielor; and into the s-'ihjeet of fowci age jit ilic city
of Washington, with powci to send foi per^oi^ and papei*
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WADE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to n-peul so much of the
acts of Con^i ess, approved March 3,1845, and of
August G, 184G, as authorize the transportation
of goods imported from foreign parts thiough the
United States to t he Canadas, or from the Canadas
through the United States to foreign countries.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IIOWE, it was
Oi dei i'il, That the pi-titnm and uj hei papei- of P lie be An n
I'Vkv exrentiiK of Almond 1). piayinir foi an exten-
sion 01 th'1 patent i-siteil to her lui-b.ind, on the 1 lilt of
IVovcuitKi, JMS, lor an lmpioveuient m coifnis, u-uilly
called Kick's metallic buimi-case'., be taken liom the files
of the Hen.ite and u'feiied to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent < Mice.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Oyd a oil. That the memoual of Ro.^s YViIktns, late judge
of the Ten uoiy of Michigan in 1WJ, pi a) mg that he may
bo included within the piow^ion« oi the, act of AutiiM 1.
lb.")!, to provide compensation hit the semees of George
Mot el I in adjiMim: titles to land m Michigan, be taken fioin
the file* of the Senate and lejetied to the Cuuimiitfc on
Claims-.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, it was
Oideicd, That the petition of 1?. F. IJ Withoiall, a legal
icpresentativc ot Janice Withei all, deceased. late a judge of
the Tenitorv of Michigan, piavnig tor compensation (or
adjusting titles to land in «aid Tnntoty, be t iken from the
tilChOt theSenate andteiVm-d to theComnnttee on Claim-.
On motion of Mr. WILKINSON, u was
Ordered. That the petition and othei paper- relating to
the claim of lami-- Roheits. lot uideintulieation tor looser-
Mi-taiin'd by him by the but nine; of <•<•} lain Indian Mipplie-j
while beim: tiais-pot ted to the Imlian < ouiiti\. in Novem-
ber. 38." j, be taken liom the filex ot the Senate and icieirt d
to the Committee on Indian Allairs.
ENROLLED HILL SIGNED.
A message from the IIouse of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiiersox, its Ch-ik, announced that
the Speaker of the House nf I'pprcsentati ws had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (S. No. 18) in
lelation to the public punting; which, thereupon
iccciW'd the signature ot the Vice Ticsident.
THANKS TO COMMODORE KINGOOL!)
Mr HICKS. 1 desne permission to withdraw
a resolution which i bed the honor of reporting
on the 19th of January, tendenno- the thanks of
Congress to Commodore Cadwalader Ringgold,
the officers and crow of the United States ship
Sabine, for the purpose of making1 some correc-
tions. I desire to withdraw it and substifcutefb'r
it a corrected resolution. ' . '•
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
allow the Chair to suggest that he will perhaps
meet the question more appropriately by offeHng
his new proposed resolution as an amendment to
the original resolution.
Mr. HICKS. Very well, I will take that course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
move to take up the resolution now >
Mr. HICKS. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 19) tendering the thanlcs of Con-
gress to Commodore Cadwalader Ringgold, the
officers and crew of the United States ship Sabine,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. H1C1CS. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out one " I," in the name Cadwalader,
as it is punted; and in line nine by striking out
the letter " S," which is put in as a middle name
of Major ^Reynolds; nnd in lines ten and eleven,
before the word " ship," by inserting " line-of-
battle;" so as to make the joint resolution read:
RcsolreJ, to., That the thanks of Congress arc hereby
tendeicd to Commodore Kinggold, the officers, petty offi-
cers, and men of the United States ship Sabine, forthedar-
ing and skill displayed in icscuing the crew of the steam
transport (Jovemoi, wrecked in a gale on the 1st day of
November, 3 861, having on boa>d a battalion of United
States inaimes under ihe command oi Major John Rey-
nolds. and m the search foi, and iP. cueof,the United States
line-of battle ship Veimont,disabled inagaleupori the26th
of Fehruaiy last, with her crew and freight.
The amendments were agreed to. The joint
resolution was leported (o the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time,and passed.
THANKS TO GENERAL TIIOMAS.
Mi. NESMITH. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolution ^
(S. No. IJ) of thanks to Major General George
H. Thomas and the officers and men who fought
under his command at the battle of Chickamauga.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to present the thanks of Co ti-
gress to Major General George H. Thomas and
the officers and men who fought under his com-
mand, for their gallantry, good conduct, and sol-
dierlike endurance at the battle of Chickamauga,
on the 39th and 20th of September, 18(>3.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and passed.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTERS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Doohttlu on the
28th of January, which was modified to read as
folio vv s:
Resolved, That 111 ali session's of committees to take the
te<timon\ of \\ itnesses in ielation to any mattei of fact per-
taining to the eonduer ot anv Department of the Govern-
ment or of any bianeh thereof, the head ot such Department
shall be requested to employ some proper and competent
person connected with tlio same to aid in the examination
and ei<>--5-r\amin!ifionof\vitnc— os.and lo furnish any other
evidence ot pioof peitineur to the matter inquired into.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, in regard to that
resolution I shall say something presently; hut
before 1 do it I want to notice some remarks which
fell yesterday fiom the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Grimes,! in which he took occasion to comment
on the statement I had made in the Senate a few
days before, and to characterize it as an attack on
the Navy Depaitment, 1 was not in the Senate
when the Senator commenced his remarks, but I
have looked them over in the Globe, and i do not
understand,either from what I heard or fiom what
is printed as having been said, that the Senator
questioned in tiie slightest degree the entire accu-
racy of the statement which I made. 1 gave the
authority upon which I made the statement when
I made it. I said that it was from one of the offi-
cers in charge of the Library who furnished me
the statistics. Rut the Senator finds fault not with
what I did say, but with what I did not say. Pie
say? there were a greet many things that I ought
to have said and that I miiiht have said, and he
intimates that if 1 had been on the stand and he
had been cross-examining me, he would, have put
a great many questions to mes some of which
would be relevant and sonic irrelevant, and to
some of which I should have to answer one way
and to yome another.
