2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
embody and to organize and officer those troops,
■without requiring that the nominations of the
officers should come to the Senate. It may be
best, however, to pass a bill requiring that the
names should come here for confirmation. I hope
the resolution will not be adopted in the form in
which it is proposed; and I move to amend it by
striking out the words " directed to report" and
inserting "directed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersom, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No, 484) to incorporate the Newsboys' Home;
in which it requested the'concurrence of the
Senate.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had agreed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 395) to provide a national cur-
rency, lecured by a pledge of United States bonds,
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Samuel Hooper of Massachusetts,
Mr. E. B. Wasiibukne of Illinois, and Mr. Rob-
ert Mallory of Kentucky, managers at the same
on its part.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate in-
sist on its amendments, and agree to the confer-
ence asked for on the bank bill. The House have
agreed to all the amendments except four, I un-
derstand, and on those they ask fora confcrcnce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I aid not so understand.
I understood they had agreed to part of our
amendments and disagreed to others, without
asking for a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. They ask for a committee
of conference.
The motion was ngreed to; and Messrs.Sher-
man, Fostkr, and Johnson were appointed con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
HOUSE BILL RHKRItED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 484) to incorporate the Newsboys' Home
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (No. 192) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th June, 18C5, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and the amendments
of the House to other amendments of the Senate
to the said bill; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN,it was
OrJcred, That tliey bo referred to the Committee on
Finance.
SIOUX INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 377, which was up yesterday morning.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope not. 1 hope that reso-
lutions will be called for.
Mr. HENDRICKS and Mr. CARLILE.
What is the bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The title will
be read.
The Secretary read the title, namely: A* bill
(H. R. No. 377) making appropriations for the
payment of the awards made by the commission-
ers appointed under and by virtue of an act of
Congress entitled " An act for the relief of per-
sons for damages sustained by renson of the dep-
redations and injuries by certain bands of Sioux
Indians," approved February 16, 1863.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will simply state that
this bill was up yesterday morning, and the Senate
considered it until the hour of one o 'clock arrived,
when it was laid over at the suggestion of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, by whose
committee it was reported, that it should lie over
until the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan,] who made the report, was in his
seat. I presume there will be no debate upon it
whatever. It is a matter local to our State, and
I hope it will be done.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope we shall have
resolutions considered.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to that bill being taken
up. It is now about a week since resolutions
were called for, and I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to take up the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 7j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Cowan, Dixon, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Har-
lan, Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas,Morgan, Monil!,Nesmith,Pom-
eroy, Ramsey, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wilkinson, Willcy, and Wilson—31. ^
NAYS—Messrs. Btiekalew, Carhle, Davis, MeDougall,
Powell, Richardson, and Saulshuiy—-7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Doolittle, Fessenden, Hard-
ing, Henderson, Hicks, Kiddle, Sherman, Sprague, Wadp,
and Wright—1J.
So the motion was agreed to; and the consider-
ation of the bill was resumed as in Committee of
the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 have not a copy of the
bill before me. I wish to inquire if it is reported
by the Finance Committee.
'Mr. RAMSEY. It has been reported by the
Finance Committee unanimously.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time, and passed.
DISLOYAL INDIANS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved^ Thatthe Committee on Indian Afl'.iirs be re-
quested to consider thequcstion^tfconfiseatingthc reserves
of all Indian tribes who are, ormve been, in aims against
the Government, and providing homes for the loyal mem-
bers of such tribes and to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. DAVIS. If it is not tolead to any debate
I do. not object, but if it is I object. I want the
ordinary rule enforced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection?
iVIr. DAVIS. I objeef.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky there will be no discussion;
it is a nine resolution of inquiry.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it must lie over.
MESSAGE FHOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the Hbuise of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, ite C<erk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (No. 82),
in relation to the distribution of books and docu-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the House (No. 272)
for the relief of Julia A. Ames. %
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The message fuithcr announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 381) to
amend an act entitled 44 An act making a grant of
land to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
said State," approved May lo, 185G.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following report:
The committee ol conferencoon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on tiie bill (11. R. No. UB1) to amend an
act entitled A.n act making a grant of land to the State
ol Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain xailioads m said State," approved May 15, I£56,
having met, after full and fiee conb'ionee have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to them elective ilou&es
as follows:
That the House reccde from its disagreement to the fii*t
amendment of the Senate and agree t<  the same, amended
to read as follows: on page 2, hue five, of section one, stuke
out the words "by s.ud company"and insert "and not
further north of said town than the north line of section
twenty-two, township eighty north, of rnnae nineteen, ac-
coiding to the United States surveys, if the citizens of the
county of Jasper shall fiist pay to said company the differ-
ence in co*t, if any, between the lino propo&ed by the com-
pany and tiie one contemplated by this proviso, including
extra cost of light ot way, if any, said dilfeience in cost to
be estimated by competent engineers to be selected by the
parties.5'
That the House recede from its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate numbered two. three, four, five,
f.ix, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, thliteon,fifteen, seven-
teen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty, twenty-one, and twenty-
two, and agree to the same.
Th.it the House recede fioni its disagieenient to the
twelfth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment, namelj-, in the tenth line
of the «aid amendment, between the word "the55 and fhe
word "line," insert the word "original;" and in line
eleven of the amendment, aftei the word " raihoad,'' insert
the woids u as laid down on a map on file in the Goncial
Land Office."
That the House recede from its disagreement to the four-
teenth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: at the end of the amend-
ment insertbut each of said companies may select an
equal quantity of public landsasdescribed in this act within
the distance of twenty miles of the line of each of said
roads in hen of lands thus settlor! upon and improved by
bonafole inhabitants in good faith under color of title as
aforesaid."
That the House recede from its disagreement to the six-
teenth amendment the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: strike out the word "Le-
gislature" in the said amendment and in lieu thereof insert
" Governor."
SOLOMON FOOT,
JAMES HAliLAN,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the pat t of the Senate.
WILLIAM B.ALLISON,
C. A. ELDRtDGE,
Managa y on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
CONDITION 01? MEXICO.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolution;
whicinvas considered by unaiiimousconsent,and
agreed to:
Resolved, Thatthe President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public m
terest, any correspondence between the Secretary of State
and the Mexican minister in relation to the course of trade
between France and the United States, while France and
Mexico wero at war with each other, in articles supposed
to be m derogation of the rights of neutrals, and also all
other intormation in possession of the Government relative
to the pres-eut condition of affairs in the republic of Mexico,
and especially upon the attempt of any European Powers
to overthrow republican institutions on this continent with
a view of establishing monarchical forms of government
in their stead. ^
SENATOR FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rise to a question
of piivi(rg;e  *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his question.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the usual
oath be administered to Hon. William M. Fish-
back, Senator elect from the State of Arkansas.
I believe it lias been considered a question of priv-
ilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 make that mation.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to inquire if there is
not a motion already pending with reference to
the credentials of the gentleman?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion to refer the credentials to the Committee
on the Judiciary which takes precedence of the
motion of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. SUMNER. I presumed so.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to make a
brief statement to the Senate before the vote is
taken.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to be informed
what is the motion before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. To refer the
credentials of the member elect from Aikansas to
the Committee on the Judiciary—a motion made
last week.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The people of Ar-
kansas in primary assemblies in forty-two coun-
ties out of fifty-four elected delegates to a State
convention; that convention met and amended
the constitution of the State, prohibiting slavery
or involuntary servitude, and prohibiting the ap-
prenticeship system as regards all persons over
twenty-one years of age. In that convention, as
I before stated, forty-two counties out of fifty-four
were represented. The constitution so amended
was submitted to the people of that State for their
adoption or rejection. At that election 12,177
votes were cast for the amended constitution and
220 against it, on a vote of 54,000, that being- the
vote the year before the State seceded from the
Union, almost one fourth of the entire vote of
the State, and believed to be a majority of the legal
voters in the State at the time the constitution
was voted upon. The convention provided for
the election of State officers and members of the
Legislature on the day that the amended consti-
tution was adopted. In that election the same
number of votes were cast, over 1*2,000. The
Legislature, composed of seventy-five members,
forty-eight out of the fifty-four counties in the
State being represented, clected Mr. Fishback
