3484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
placed there improperly and contrary to the con-
stitutional rights of the House, the bill itself hav-
ing no relation to a revenue measure, that section
has been abandoned by the Senate, and the bill
has been returned without it, as a substitute for
the House bill.
This bill now before us does not-repeal the
commutation clauseat all. The Senate—-judging
from what I have heard—imagined it had done
so; but there is no repeal of the commutation
clause in the bill. Then, instead of allowing en-
listments in rebel States for the purpose of filling
tip the quotas of States, the Senate has introduced
a section which makes it a penal offense to enlist
a man in any State to fill up the quota of another
State, and makes any officer engaged in it liable
to dismissal.
Then the Senate put in something about the
draft, after forty days' time being allowed for
volunteering; and also put in some provision in
respect to the pay and rations of matrons in hos-
pitals. It also legislates upon three or four other
matters of military concern, but having no special
connection with an enrollment law or with the
procuring of men undera draft. Now, I propose
that the House do not concur in that amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. DR1GGS. What about the enlistment of
minors?
Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate has struck that
section out.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 hope my colleague will
not move the previous question, but leave the
Senate bill as it came to the House open, so that
the House may make it as perfect as possible be-
fore the vote is finally taken upon it.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Senate bill as it has
come to the House is, 1 presume, not in every re-
spect as was intended by the Senate itself. For
instance, they did not repeal the commutation
clause at all. They have legislated upon various
matters which do not belong to the bill at all,
which have no pertinency to an enrollment bill.
I hope the bill will now go to a committee of con-
ference, and if the committee cannot agree the
House will still have the remedy of falling back
rfpon the original Senate bill, which is in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and put that in such
shape as will perhaps enable the two Houses to
agree.
Mr. LE BLOND. Still, I do not see any ob-
jection before leaving this bill to perfecting it as
much as possible.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have no time to spare,
and 1 prefer to try this method, still retaining the
Original Semite bill ms another string for our bow.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 hope my colleague will
at least yield to permit mc to offer an amendment.
If he permits the Senate amendments to be per-
fected before non-concurring we shall have more
airings to our bow still.
Mr. SCHENCK. I prefer not to yield.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I move that the House
adhere to its original amendments.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House has made no
amendments.
Mr. KEllNAN. The Senate as I understand
have yielded to the House in retaining both the
commutation law ami the substitute law.
Mr. SCHENCK. The House passed a bill
which repealed the commutation law.
Mr. KERN AN. Exactly, and the Senate struck
that out, leaving the commutation law and the
substitute law in accordance with the position ori-
ginally taken by the House. Now I propose that
we concur with the Senate in ail its amendments
cxcept the on# in relation to enlistments in the
rebel States, and ask a conference upon that.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 cannot consent to that.
The House it is true originally opposed the re-
peal of the commutation clause, but upon its sober
second thought reversed its decision, and as the
House has now come to that conclusion I should
prefer not to agree with the Senate in what the
Senate did not intend to do while leaving the com-
mutation clause standing.
Mr. KEENAN. The sober third thought of
the House, however, may be in favor of retain-
ing the commutation clause.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. If the previous question is
sustained can we vote separately upon theamend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of theSen-
ate is to strike out and insert, and is indivisible.
Mr. WADS WORTH. Did the Senate strike
out the House bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. They struck out certain
portions of the House bill, and thought they had
struck out the commutation clause. One Senator
. told me he thought he had voted upon the com-
mutation-and found he had not. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. HARDING. I appeal to the gentleman
from .Ohio to allow me to have a few minutes to
ask the gentlemen from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] a question in relation to the personal at-
tack made upon me.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will rise
1 to a personal explanation after this business has
! been disposed of, I presume there will be no ob-
i jection. I desire first to get this matter out of the
I way.
i Mr. HARDING. I do not think this matter
will be out of the way very soon.
Mr. GANSON. 1 hope I may be permitted'to
ask one question. I do not desire that this House
shall vote under a misapprehension.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GANSON. I ask permission to make an
explanation.
Mr. HIGBY. I object.
The House divided on seconding the previous
question; and there were—ayes 68, noes G2.
Mr. THAYER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sciienck and
Mr. Le Blond weie appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 60.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LE BLOND obtained the floor.
Mr. HARDING. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. LE BLOND. I yield to the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. HARDING. I had not the opportunity,
Mr. Speaker, when up before to finish my re-
marks. When I was taken from the floor, I was
about remarking that this was the legitimate fruit
of that policy which sought long since to press
negroes and slaves into the Army instead of white
men. If this policy is carried on, if the gentle-
men from Massachusetts are permitted to carry
out this policy, and instead of giving white pa-
triots, white men to the Army, they are allowed
to go into the South and gather up a horde of
negroes to fill their quota and place them in the
Army, what will be the result? Why, sir, you
will see the Army of the United States degenerate
to a mere mob of negroes and foreigners. From
the way wo have been going on, I apprehend we
are destined to reach that point very soon. It
will be a disgrace to the nation and to our patriot
ancestors.
Let this tiling go on, sir; let the gentleman's
policy prevail, and you will have Massachusetts
dodging and skulking from her duty behind these
negroes. These negroes can be obtained in va-
rious ways m the southern States, where there
are swarms of starving contrabands. They can
be decoyed away, and that has been done in the
State of Missouri and is being done now in the
State of Kentutky. They are, sir,carried off by
force by recruiting agents. They are not merely
carried off into slavery, but into a condition
where thousands of them will meet death upon
the battle-field.
In what. I said in reference to foreigners, i al-
luded to that class which is now being imported
into this country. I honor the foreigners who
come here and take up their residence among us.
Now, sir, let the policy now inaugurated be
permitted to go on and it will make the Army of
the United States a disgrace to the nation. The
object of the gentleman in the remarks which he
made a little while ago is very plain. Instead of
meeting the points which I broughtto bear against
him directly and fairly in the face he tried to
raise a dust to cover his retreat by abusing Breck-
inridge and other men who had gone into the
southern rubellion. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts can exhaust ail the gall and venom in
his composition, and ten times more, if he had it,
in abusing Breckinridge, and then he would not
be half abused. It is true that Breckinridge is a
traitor, but it is also true that he was hand in
hand with Major General Benjamin F. Butler
not long since. There is notmuch difference be-
tween them now, that I know of. It is said, how-
ever, that Brcckimidge is the decentest man of
the two. [Laughter.]
The gentleman talks about Kentucky, l say
that Kentucky has proved her loyalty beyond all
question. She stands this day, notwithstanding
the recreancy of some of her sons, occupying a
position which she would not blush to compare
with that of Massachusetts. I believe, sir, she
would not suffer by comparison with any other
State. Look where she has been placed and what
she has done. Dangers and trials have surrounded
her. Although some of her sons have proved
traitors, although her fields have been destroyed,
although her soil has been made the battle-ground
for both contending armies, and her people have
been ravaged in every way, still what has she
done? She has done forty times more for the Union
than Massachusetts ever did or ever will do. You
men of the North have not been tried; your soil
has not been made the battle-field. The border
States have not had justice done to them. Why,
sir, had Missouri and Maryland and Kentucky
gone with the South instead of remaining true to
the Union, you would not ha've been occupying
seats here to-day. Exposed, tempted, and tried
as they were, they still stood firm; had theygone
off you would not now occupy a seat upon this
floor; the capital would have been taken long
since. If this Union is ever restored it will be
because these border State men have breasted the
storm. My State has been the battle-ground;
she has stood between you and danger like a
breastwork while you have skulked behind and
abused her. You have been making money all
the time, growing rich—your contractors and
others fattening on the tears and blood thathave
been shed, while my constituents h.ave become
poor,and portionsof myState been madea deso-
lation. We have had the war upon us, and know
all about it by experience. Our State has been
the battle-field, while you were far removed from
the scenes of terror.
Now, with what grace can the gentleman from
Massachusetts rise up here and reproach Ken-
tucky because there have been a few men there
who have proved themselves traitors? And yet
there are not more than there have been and now
are in Massachusetts. Open and avowed dis-
unionists and traitors have existed in Massachu-
setts for forty years. 1 can easily prove that there
have been many of them there long before this
struggle commenced; and South Carolina and
Massachusetts, when the day of reckoning comes,
will be found responsible for this war which has
plunged my State into such distress.
Sir, I retort upon the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that many men 111 that State have pro-
claimed the Union our ancestors formed "an
agreement with death and a covenant with hell."
I do not desire to tarnish the name of Massachu-
setts at all, but if you want to compare men 1 can
point to as great disumonists in Massachusetts
as Breckinridge ever was. Are you willing that
the Union shall be restored with the Constitution
as it is and the Union as it was?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, lam for the Con-
stitution as it is and the Union to be restored as
far as it can be, and 
Mr. HARDING. Thatis enough. The gen-
tleman this very day offered some resolutions in
regard to Arkansas which I desired to see a vote
taken on, for 1 wanted to see who would take
ground m favor of them. The second resolution
offered by the gentleman declared that no State
shall ever return into the'Union until slavery is
abolished. If that resolution expresses the senti-
ments of its author, then the gentleman is opposed
to the Constitution as it is and the Union as it was.
I know of but one test of loyalty, and that is to
be true and faithful to the Constitution; .and he
who is against, the Constitution as it is and the
Union as it was is disloyal and a disunionist in
the strictest sense of the term. He must be for
the Constitution or against it. Take that as a
test, and 1 will compare Kentucky with Massa-
chusetts.
But, sir, I intended to reply to some of the con-
cluding remarks of the" gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. After skulking behind the negro, it was
cowardly to kick a dust to cover bis retieatby
making an attack on Kentucky and her Repre-
sentatives. I understood the gentleman, in sub-
