1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1483
is called a guarantee of rights, in the following
article;
"Art. 1-22. The Constitution guaranties to ail French-
men equality, libeity. >ec«jniy, property, the public debt,
the free exeici^e of worship, common instruction, public
assistance, the indefinite Itfwmy of the press, the iigiit of
petition, the njjht to alembic iu public meetings, the en-
joyment of ail tiie rights of men."
Then came the constitutional charter of June,
1814, following the restoration of the Bourbons,
which begins with the following article:
" Art. 1. Frenchmen u>e equal lefoiethe htw} whatever
may be otheiwi^e their title and ranks."
This is followed by another, as follows:
"Art. 4 Their individual liberty is equally guarantied,
so that nobody can be pio'-eeuted or arretted, except m
ca^es ptovidcd for by the law, and mthe t'onn which it pre-
The constitutional charter of August, 183D, at
the installation of Louis Philippe as king, with
La Fayette by his side, contains the aiticics al-
ready quoted from that of I_,ouis XVIH, in the
same words, placing the declaration of equality
before the law in the iiont.
And this article has been adopted in the char-
ters of Belgium, Italy, Greece; so that it is now a
well-known expression of a commanding princi-
ple of human rights.
It will be felt at once that this expression,
" equality before the law," gives precision to that
idea of human tights which is enunciated in our
Declat atioti of Independence. The sophistries of
Calhoun, founded on the obvious inequalities of
body and 'mind, are all overthrown by this sim-
ple statement, which, though borrowed latterly
from Fiance, is older than French history. The
curious student will find imthe ancient Gteek of
Herodotus a single word which supplies the place
of this phrase, when lie tells usthat " the go vei n-
ment of the many has the most beau'iful name of
teovofxia," or equality before the iuii\ (Bock 3, p.
80.) Thefathei of history was tight.- The name
is most beautiful; but it is not a little singular
that, in an age when equality before the laiv was
practically unknown, the Greek language, so re-
maikable for its flexibility and comprehensive-
ness, supplied a single word, not to be found in
modern tongues, to express an idea which has
been authoritatively recognized only in modern
times. Such a wu d in our own language to ex-
press that equality of rights which is claimed for
all mankind might have superseded some of the
criticism to which this Declaration has been ex-
posed.
Enough has been said to explain the origin of
the words which are now proposed. It will be
for the Senate to determine if it will adopt them.
Should the Senate not incline to this form, there
is still another which I would suggest, as follows:
Slavery Miali not exist :mywhere u itimi the United States
or tl!<> jut iMh<'ti"ti tin-toot; and the Uon^ie^s thall liavo
power to male all laws neee-3-.4ry and propei to cairy thih
prohibition into chert.
This is simple, and avoids all language which
is open to question. The word '• slavery" is ex-
plicit, and descnbes ptecisely what it is ptoposed
to blast.
But if the Senate is determined toadluicto the
Jefferson ian ordinance, then I prefer that it should
be the ordinance actually, and not as reported by
the committee. And I would complete tiie work
by expelling fiom the Constituteni all those woi ds
which have been the apology for slavery, by an
amendment as follows:
Theie shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude
an> where in the United State?., or within the juti^d'etion
theieof, othei wj*e than in the pnnKhniPnt oi ci nnCc.whei oof
the party thai! have been duly convicted; and the Congress
may make all laws winch Miali be neoe^aiy and pioper
to enfoice thi*< piohibiuon.
"Out while desnous of seeing the great rule of
freedom winch we are about to ordain embodied
in a text wh'ch shall be like th" pieuou>; casket
to the more pr-'Cious tieasure, yc t I eonffss that
I feel humbled by my own eiulcavois. And what-
ever may be the jud^tmnt of the Senate, i uni eon-
soled by the thought that, the most homely text con-
taining such a rule will be more beautiful iar than
any words of poetry or eloquence, and that n will
enduie to be read with giatnude when the ri.ung
dome of this Capitol, with the .statue of Liberty
which Gin mounts it, has crumbled to dust.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment which was made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words of the proposed
article, and inserting the following:
All persons- are equal before the Jaw, so that no person
can hold another as a slave; and the Congress may make
all laws necessary and ptopei to carry this article into
effect eveiyvvhere within the United States and tiie juris-
diction tneieof.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, it was not
my purpose a day or two ago to make any re-
marks upon the main question; but I beg leave
now fo trespass on the Senate for a short time
while I reply very briefly to some of the remarks
that have fallen from three honorable Senators
from New England, two from New Hampshire,
and one from Massachusetts, who has just taken
his seat.
I do not believe it was ever designed by the
founders of our Government that the Constitution
of the United States should be so amended as to
destroy property. I do not believe it is the prov-
ince of the Federal Government to say what is
or whatis not property. lts,province is to guard,
protect, ami secure, lather than to destroy. If
you admit the principle contended for by the gen-
tlemen who urge this amendment, logic would
lead them to the conclusion that the General Gov-
ernment could, by an amendment to its Constitu-
tion, regulate every domestic matter in the Stales.
If it, by constitutional amendment, can regulate
the relation of master and servant, it certainly can,
on the same principle, make regulations concern-
ing the relation of parent and child, husband and
wife, and guaulian and ward. If it has the right
to stiike down property in slaves, it certainly
would have a right to stuke down property in
hor-es, to make a partition of the laild, and to
say that none shall hold land in any State in the
Union in fee simple. It is not my purpose, how-
ever, to discuss the question in that light, for it
has been elaborately discussed before.
I do not think, Mr. President, that those who
are now mging this constitutional amendment
have acted m good faith toward the adhering slave
States. If you will trace their history fiom the
very beginning in conncction with this whole sub-
ject of slavery in the States, I think you will find
that they have not acted with that directness and
candor that should characterize bold, honest, and
feat less men. Why, sir, do you suppose, that
such propositions would have been proposed herc-
tofoie? Not at all. We weie told by the Govern-
ment in every form in which it could speak, at the
beginning of this revolution, that whatever might
be the result, t«he institutions of the States would
remain as they were. The President, in his in-
augural address, announced that he had no con-
stitutional power to interfere with the institution
of slavery in the States. Tiie Secretary of State
announced it in a communication whi^i he sent
abroad. Congiess, by a resolution, announced
virtually the same thing when they declared that
the object of the war was to restore the Union as
it was and to maintain the Constitution as it is.
All these measures and promises have been
utteily lepudiated by the party m power. It
seems as if their sole object was to deceive m
order to obtain power, and the moment they ob-
tain power they exercise it. We ate surrounded
by circumstances that cause these valiant knights
to think they can do thn-> with impunity, and at
once they go to work. Heretofoie they have said
that not only they had not the power, but what-
ever might be the result of the present contest,
the status of this institution would remain as it
was. I do not mean to say that they said they
had no power to pass a constitutional amendment;
but this portion of my remarks is directed to
other policies that have been advocated and other
laws that have been passed or are now pioposed
in this Chamber. I think it must be admitu d by
all candid men that the border States have been
dealt with in bad faith. The Government has
not kept faith with them. Ail candid, all truth-
| ful, all honest men must know it and must ad-
! Illit It.
I But, sir, they tell us that slavery is the cause
] of all our difficulties; nnd the honorable Senator
| from New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] read an awful
j indictment against slavery. He said it was the.
i cauwe of all our woes; that there was no ill in the
| land but must be attributed to slavery; and hence,
lie said, it mustdie. With great deference to the
| learned Senator, I do not think slavery has been
i the cause of all our difficulties. In my judgment
the want of faith that has been exhibited toward
the border and adhering slave States anil the bad
faith in not executing and carrying out the laws
of the country is the source of our ills, if those
who now act with that Senator had carried out
in good faith the Constitution and the Jaws made
in pursuance thereof on this subject, we never
should have been engaged in this most unfortu-
nate and cruel and disastrous civil war. The bad
faith of the abolitionists has done more to bring
this war about than all the efforts of the fire-eaters
of the South. I admit that those men in the
South acted unwisely and foolishly; but I do not
think the one could well have produced such re-
sults without the other. There were fanatics at
both extremes, and those miserable factions have
brought this once great and glorious country to
its present unfortunate condition. Historians
in after limes will give that as the cause of our
troubles, it was the eternal intermeddling with
this institution that aroused the spirits of the
southern men, and they in turn committed the
greatest indiscretions and follies. Had there been
no abolitionists North there never would have
been a fire-eater South.
But it is said slavery is the cause of the war,
and because it is the cause of the war it must die.
If that is the kind of logic on which honorable
Senators act they would destroy almost every-
thing that is pure, good, and holy in the world.
The blessed religion of our Saviour has been the
pretext of more wars perhaps thanany othersub-
ject. Why not strike down the Christian religion
because it has been the subject-matter about which
throats have been cut, cities sacked,and empires
overthrown? There have been furious wars about
territory and territorial boundaries, and there will
continue to be such wars as long as the cupidity
of man prompts him to make conquests. Why
not destroy all tenure in land? Ferocious wars
have been waged about women. In Homeric
verse we have the historic record of a ten years'
contest for frail Helen. Why not destroy the
loveliest of God's handiwork? Why, sir, the
proposition of the Senator to destroy slavery be-
cause it is the cause of the war (which I utterly
deny) if carried out logically would destroy every-
thing that is grand, beautiful, lovely, and great in
the world. I will not dwell upon that proposi-
tion. It is so illogical, so irrational, that I do not
think it can influence the judgment of any sane
man.
I oppose the proposition now pending before
the Senate, in the first place, because 1 do not
think we should enter into any such legislation
at this time for the reasons that I have briefly
stated, in the second place, I oppose itfoecause
I desire the Union to be restored, restored as it
was with the Constitution as it is; and I verily
believe that if you pass this amendment to the
Constitution it will be the most effective disunion
measure that could be passed by Congress. As
a lover of the Union 1 oppose it. Adopt this
amendment, say to the people of the southern
States that they arc to be deprived of their prop-
erty and the earnings of their labor, that their
whole domestic policy is to be overthrown, and
four million of miserable blacks turned loose
among them, if you please, and do you think
they will yield while they have arms to strike?
Never, sir; and in my honest judgment (I al-
ways speak plainly what I think) those fanatical
gentlemen on the other side of the House who
desire the passage of this measure, intend to do
one of two things—either to destroy the institu-
tion of slavery or to destroy the Union. If they
i can make'the preservation of this Union a pre-
text by which they can be enabled to strike down
slavery, tjiey will do so. If they find that they
cannot, in my judgment they will be willing to
recognize the South. Their whole policy indi-
cates that to my mind. Pass this amendment
and you make an impassable chasm, as if yon
were to put a lake of burning fire between the ad-
hering States and those who are out. You will
then have to make it a war of conquest and ex-
termination before you can ever bring them back
under the fhg of the Government. There is no
doubt about that proposition.
j Why, sir, suppose you were to propose and
pass an amendment to the Constitution laying
your hand upon the property interest in New
i| England, I will not say equal but half equal to
I! the property interests of the southernStates which
