1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
stance, to say that Representatives from Ken-
tucky had uttered treasonable Sentiments until it
was no longer bearable. If the gentleman re-
ferred to me I want to know it, and what remark
of mine he referred to.
Mr. DAWES. If I can have the floor to an-
swer, I will answer.
Mr. HARDING. I yield to thegentleman to
answer whether he alluded to me.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will allow
me to answer as I choose to answer, I will do so.
Will the gentleman permit me to answer as 1
choose ? *
Mr. HARDING. Certainly,answer friyques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I shall make no answer until
I get an answer to my interrogatory, which is,
shall I be permitted to answer the interrogatory
as I choose ?
Mr. HARDING. I do not put an answer in
your mouth, and you cannotget out of it in that
way. I ask you to answer the question.
Mr. DAWES. I have had experience in at-
tempting to answer the gentleman's interrogato-
ries, by being shut off in the midst of my an-
swer. 1 will answer any interrogatory put to
me if I be permitted to answer as I choose. Oth-
erwise I will not answer any interrogatory.
Mr. HARDING. Then the gentleman may
take his scat.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does not choose
that I shall answer him.
Mr. HARDING. I do notrcstrain the gentle-
man at all. That is another method of covering
up his track. I did not embarrass thegentleman
at all. I said I yielded for the purpose of his
answering the question. And then he gets off
from answering at all by the reply he has made.
I hope the gentleman did not intend to apply that
language to myself, though I am not certain
whether he did or not. ~While I speak with
warmth the real sentiments of my mind, I am not
conscious of having uttered any sentiment now
or at any time that is treasonable except in the
eyes of some abolitionist of Massachusetts or the
North who never was loyal, and never will be,
and whodoes notknow whatloyalty is. Ifthegen-
tleman intended to say that I utter treasonable
and disloyal sentiments, 1 hurl back the assertion
upon him as false. He has no ground for mak-
ing such insinuations against me or any other
Unionist of Kentucky, and if he intended it as
applicable to me, I denounce it as a slander and
a falsehood. I will not use the language of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McClurg,] as
that would not be parliamentary.
What is loyalty? The test of loyalty is our
■willingness to stand by the Constitution of Wash-
ington and the fathers. Are you willing to stand
by that, as you swore to do? If I had the op-
portunity and time I could convict some gentle-
men before any jury of not having stood by it
according to the' strictmterpretationoftheiroath.
I repeat, the test of loyalty is, are you for or
against the Constitution of the fathers? Do you
stand firmly on the rocky foundation on which
Washington and the fathers stood ? You say, and
say truly, that the rebels of the South have ignored
thatfoundationand have made slavery the corner-
stone of the confederate government. They are
therefore rebels. But many of you, too, have re-
jected that foundation and are seeking to build
up a government on thecorner-stoneofabolition-
ism. And to that extent you are in open rebel-
lion against the Constitution of the fathers, just
as much as the rebels in the South are. Any man,
whether in South Carolina or in Massachusetts,
who seeks to build on another foundation than
that laid by Washington and the fathers is a rebel
and a disunionist.
And yet the gentleman from Massachusetts
threw out insinuations about the loyalty of Ken-
tucky—a border State which has bared her breast
to the storm of war. The fury of that storm has
converted many of her fruitful fields into placcs
that present the very baldness of desolation.
While, as the gentleman from West Virginia j
[Mr. Whaley] said some time ago, "many of
you never smelted gunpowder," the people of
Kentucky have been passing through scenes of
terror and blood. The border States have stood
fiim, and have rolled back the fiery tide of south-
ern revolution. If it had overrun any of those
border States, if it had overrun Kentucky, h
would have swept over Ohio and Indiana, and,
last and least of all, it might have even reached
the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. LE BLOND. I offer th#  following as an
amendment to the last section of the bill:
Provided, That no levy of troops shall be made under
the provision^ of this act, except by volunteering, till such
time as the TjeMdent of the United States shall have made
a request for an amiistiee am} shall have made such ef-
forts as are consistent with honor to restore harmony
amon? the States by the appointment of commissioners
empowered to negotiate for peace upon terms of the res-
torjition of the Union under the Constitution, and until
such efforts shall have been rejected by the so-called con-
fedeuite government.
Mr. Speaker, I do not, at this late period in the
session, propose to occupy the time of the House
but for a few moments, and would not do so at
all did 1 not believe that humanity and the good
of our common country demand some efforts for
peace and restoration other than those resorted to
by the par.ty m power. ^
The necessity for a resort to peaceful means
may be found in the argument of my colleague
[Mr. Garfield] when this bill was before the
House last week. After the House had by a very
decided vote refused to repeal the commutation
clause, he then said that it was, in his judgment,
a vote cast against the prosecution of the war,
and that men could not be induced to go into the
Army. What, sir, does this argue, if true, but
that the people are sick at heart of this war, at
least under present rule and for the object they
openly avow, the freedom of the slave?
If the people aie opposed to the further con-
tinuance of this conflict q&prms, then, sir, the war
must cease, for they are the power in this Gov-
ernment if permitted to speak, act, and vote. I
believe, sir, the people are tired of prosecuting
this war under the policy adopted by this Admin-
istration, and at the Novemberclection will make
such a change of rulers as will redound to the good
of the whole country.
The chairman of the Military Committee [Mr.
Sciienck] in his speech said that the people did
not complain against a vigorous prosecu-tion of
the war, but did complain of the vacillation of
the Government,and the wantof energy and pur-
pose. I am pleased to get such a confession from
that side of the House, for we have been trying
to impress upon the mind of the people the total
want of ability in this Administration to either
make war or contract peace, and that for the
good of the country a change was necessary.
But my colleague [Mr. Schenck] said that sla-
very was the cause of the war, and that he was
now in favor of waging this war till the root of
the evil was destroyed. Why did not my col-
league so say to the people of his district at the
time he was a candidate for election to the seat he
nowoccupios? Sir, he knew too well the wishes
of that people. They were not then and are not
now in favor of war for such a purpose. Had
my colleague's views been known to the people of
his district, this day would the name ofVallandig-
ham be called from the Clerk's desk on all votes
instead of my colleague's.
The view advanced by that gentleman is but
the settled purpose of this weak and imbecile Ad-
ministration, and in it you can find one potent
reason for the people's refusal to go into the ser-
vice. Had that doctrine been understood by the
people, you never could have raised men to strike
the first blow in this fratricidal war. If you
have not changed the policy and object of this
war, you have at least becomc sufficiently bold
to admit now what we charged you have intended
for two years past to do, and which you denied
till your acts have forced an admission.
Then it is for this purpose that over two million
freemen have been taken from their homes to
the battle-field; for this one half of that number
lies beneath the sod; for this the nation is clothed,
m mourning; for this the people are taxed almost
beyond endurance,and now, when in your judg-
ment the people refuse voluntarily to enter the
service, you propose to close every avenue to their
escape by the repeal of the commutation clause,
and force an unwilling people into a war waged
confessedly for the freedom or the slave.
Sir, it is time, high lime that this Congress
were making some efforts other than devising
ways and means to raise money to keep in motion
the wheels of Government, and men to fill our
decimated ranks. Let us try for once at least the
peaceful means indicated in my amendment. We
have evidences sufficientto justify an effort ot* o.ur
part, and it would for the time stop this effusioft
of blood without placing us • irrany.-worse condi-
tion than we are now in, but in'my judgffferit-m &
better condition. Whether jt will ot
done rests with that side of the House, and fchfcf-
dare not try the experiment, lest the Union may
be restored by compromise and slavery still tire.
Mr. Speaker, for a time I had hopes thaj th£
commutation clause would be retained. I saw
the Massachusetts delegation and others, num-
bering about twenty, arrayed oge&nst its repeal*
and supposed they would be found true 'to the
end, but to my surprise they have deserted their
grounds. We are told by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that an arrangement
had been made giving sixty days to recruit in,
and that he thought his State would be able to fill
her quota; therefore he went for the bill. Then,
sir, there has been a bargain and sale made, and
the bill shaped to suit the wishes of Massachu-
setts and enable her to go into my State and others
to purchase negroes to offset against the white
men from other States.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio what he means by bargain and sale.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will tell the gentleman
what I mean. Massachusetts was consulted, ami
sixty days to recruit in given to secure the voles
of those twenty members.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will answer for the men
who first refused to vote for that bill. I will not
interrupt the gentleman now.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would prefer having the
gentleman answer now, and will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I will say that it is not
chargeable to Massachusetts. I will not take up
the time of the gentleman now, but I will get the
floor when he has finished his remarks.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
this bill or some other repealing the commutation
clause will be passed before the adjournment of
this session, and the foundation laid to enable
this Administration to carry out its long-cher-
ished idea that u this Government cannot exist
one half slave and the other half free;" and to ac-
complish this purpose there is to be no cessation
of hostilities, no terms of compromise offered
based upon the restoration of the Union. I shall
not trespass longer upon the patience of the
House, hoping that at the coming election the
judgment of the people will decide in favor of try-
ing some other means for peace than the mere use
of the sword and bristling bayonet, and that the
time may soon come when peace and union may
again exist in our land.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we have had about
talk enough for the present, and as none of us
understand thjs bill so as to know how to vote
upon it this evening, 1 move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until to-morrow, and that
it be printed.
Mr. SCHENCK. In what condition then will
this bill he?
The SPEAKER. If the House should adjourn
now, it would come up as unfinished business
immediately after the reading of the Journal to-
morrow morning.
Mr. STEVENS. I type we shall notadjourn,
as it is necessary that we should remain in ses-
sion so that the President can sign the tariff bill,
which is to go into effect to-morrow.
Mr. THAYER. I move the previous question
upon the pending amendment, and upon it de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. That will not be in order
pending the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. If it is postponed and the
11 House does not adjourn now, the Chair cannot
say when it will come up.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
quartermaster's department.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (S. No. 154) to provide for the better
organization of the quartermaster s department,
reported that—
The committee having met, after full and free confer*
