1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
greater enemies of the liberties of this country
than the rebels in the field. That is substantially
what lie says, sir; and saying that, he moves a
committee of investigation upon the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. President, in his speech the other day the
Senator substantially charged that the expendi-
tures of this Department were greater than the ex-
penditures of all the civilized nations in the woi Id
in the support of their navies annually, leaving
out Italy and one of the other smaller Powers of
Europe. If this be true, the investigation by this
committee requires an examination into every
branch of the conduct of the Department; and if
it is to arrive at the truth it requires that every
power should be used that the Department is ca-
pable of, as well as the Senate, in order to ascer-
tain the facts necessary to give the truth to the
country. I feel perhaps more deeply, Mr. Pres-
ident, than I should otherwise were it not for the
fact that I am not personally acquainted with the
administration of the Navy Department. I have
not been placed upon any committee where I have
had an opportunity to make that acquaintance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pause. It becomes the duty of the Chair to call
up the special order at one o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that perhaps this
can be disposed of m a short time.
Mr. FOSTER. I move that the special order
be postponed, in order that the Senator from "Wis-
consin may at least finish his remarks. It may
be done by common consent, if there be no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the Chair will allow the Senator to pro-
ceed. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This inquiry, sir, if di-
rected to an}' purpose, must of necessity go into
the whole question of the building of steam ves-
sels for the Navy, steam-engines for the Navy-
guns for the Navy. It must extend to everything
connected with the Navy Department if Jtisto be
efficient for«any purpose in reducing the enor-
mous and gigauticexpenses of which the Senator
complains; and, as I was saying, nothing in my
expetiertce in this body has fitted me to be a per-
son proper to investigate into such facts. The
honorable Seuatorfrom Iowa, [Mr. Grimes,] ever
sincc he lias been a member of this body, has been
upon the Naval Committee,has made Inmselfper-
fect Iy familiar with all its details in all its branches;
and if there be any reason why the honorable
Senator from Iowa should decline to sit on this
committee that reason would apply with tenfold
force to myself. And before I am willing to go
into this investigation, I feel that it is a necessity
to the committee and a duty to the committee and
to the Senate, as well as to the Department itself,
that the Department should be pel nutted to send
before the committee some person connected with
the Dcpaitment who pei fectiy acquainted with
the whole business of the Department in all its
details, with the mode of its making contracts,
with the steam-engines that are employed, with
the kind of vessels that are constructed, with
the management of navy-yards, and all that vast
amount of business of which 1 for one do not pro-
fess that I have any sufficient knowledge to en-
able me to go into an investigation.
I feel, sir, that this committee raised at this
time, with this avowal of the Senator from New
Hampshire that the Departments by their profli-
gacies and corruptions are greater enemies to the
people of this country than the rebels themselves,
is an attack on the Navy Department.
Mi. HALE. I simply want to «oy that the
Senator is using language that J never used,con-
veying an idea which I never uttered, and is alto-
gether" wide of anything that the limits of debate
ought to justify him in. He say? that I said the
profligacies of this Department of the Government
were greater enemies than the enemy m the field.
I saidTno such thing. What I said two years aeo
could not possibly have reference to this; but 1
said nothing like that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What the Senator said
was, as I understand, " The liberties of this coun-
try are in greater danger to-day from the corrup-
tions and from the profligacy practiced in the va-
rious Departments of the Government than they
are from the enemy in the open field;" and he
reasserts it to-day, and declares that if he had the
power he would assert it in still stronger language.
If this is not an attack upon the honesty, the in-
tegrity of a Department in the administration of
its affairs, I do not undeistand language; and
when such an attack is made by the person who
takes the position as chairman of a committee of
investigation, I think it is but just on the part of
the Senate to say that such a committee, raised
under the icad of one who makes such declara-
tions to investigate into the conduct of a Depart-
ment, should be called upon to request the head
of the Department to send some one to bo present
at the examination of witnesses who has some
knowledge of its transactions and may shed light
upon them, and enable the committee to arrive at
the truth.
Sir, who docs not know that the disappointed
office-seekers who cannot get office at the hands
of the Departments, the disappointed contractors
who cannot get such contracts as they desire, to
make themselves lich upon the Government; who
does not know that these men by hundreds and
by thousands are all around us, ready atall times
to fill the ears of all who listen to them with stories
of the corruptions practiced in the Departments
themselves? That sometimes the Departments
may be imposed upon, I do not doubt; that they
often are, is undoubtedly true; and I am willing
to go with that Senator, or any other, for the pur-
pose of ferreting out the truth, and to pass any
law that may be necessary to prevent these abuses.
I undeitake to say, however, that I believe the
-heads of the Departments of this Government are
to-day just as anxious to ferret out these abuses
as the Senators upon this floor; and 1 put this
question to the Senate: suppose the honorable
chairman of the committee on the conduct of the
war should lise and make an avowal in relation
to the War Department similar to that made by
the Senator from New Hampshire, and declare
that the corruptions practiced in that Depai tmen t
were more dangerous to the country than the
enemy in the open field, and declaic his firm belief
that such corruptions existed, would it beany thing
more than just to the head of the War Depart-
ment to say thatMr. Stanton should be permitted,
when an investigation was go in 2: on involving the
good faith of his Department, to send some one,
an Assistant Sccretmy or some clerk in his De-
partment familiar with the facts, to be present with
the committee, and to furnish them the inform-
ation which is necessary?
That is all I ask. I seek to coverup no truth,
to defend no Depailmentagainstany wrong which
may have been committed by them; but what I
seek is tiiat justic shall bo done as well to the
heads of Depai Unfits as to the Senate. The coun-
try can only suffer by misrepresentation and false-
hood, and in my judgment the country suffers
whenever there is an unfounded declaration that
any Dcpaitment of this Government is guilty of
fraud and conuption, because it goes to the con-
fidence ofthe ptoplein the Government, and the
people, as they rule this country, must have con-
fidence in their rulers if the Government is to be
sustained.
Mr. SI1EPJM AN. Befoie the Senator takes his
seat I desire simply to ask him one question.
Has he, as a memberof thecommittee, requested
the committee to give notice to the Navy Depart-
ment that they aie ready to call on them for in-
formation ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have never as yet at-
tended any meeting of the committee, and no such
proposition has been made in the committee to
my- knowledge.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will tabum this propo-
sition to the Senator f< «>m Wisconsin, based upon
the experience I hav  had as a member of these
committees. I have nu doubt,at least) liaveeveiy
reason to suppose, that every committee of the
Senate would, on proper representation by a mem-
ber of tiie committee, give notice of any accusa-
tion to the party accused, and give, that party an
opportunity to cross-examine witnesses and to
testify to facts to the contiaiy. If I supposed the
special committee n-foncd to would not do this
I should vote for a resolution of instruction re-
quiring them to do it: but until they refuse to do
that I submit to the Senator from Wisconsin
whether we oughtto place on our Journalsa reso-
lution requiiing any committee not to deny this
plain justice to any one accusid.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. i have no objection my-
self to have this resolution confined to this par-
ticular committee, if that bo the pleasure of the
Senate; nor would I have any objection, if it would
better suit Senators, that the resolution should b©'
postponed until the question is raised in the comr
mittee. I have no objection to that; but i give
notice that if the committee in its meeting shall de-
termine not to invite the head of the Department
which is assailed (for i look upon this as an as-
sault upon the head of the Depjirtmentand its ad-
ministration) to send some one connected with
the Department to attend the meetings of the com-
mittee, I shall renew the resolution in the Senate.
There was one other question upon which I
wished to say a single word. The Senator from
New Hampshire says that on a former occasion
I reminded him of the fact that he was always
trained in the minority, and lie trained so little in
the majority that he hardly knew how to conduct
himself in the majority. Sir, it was not I who
said it. It was the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire who said it himself, and I assented to
it by saying that I believed what he said was true.
Those are the facts upon that subject. There is
perhaps considerable force in what the Senator
has said, that the long habit of continual denun-
ciation againstthe Administration or the party in
power for fifteen or twenty years in succcssion
has had some effect upon the habits of his mind,
both in thought and in action; but 1 did not as-
sume to make that remaik upon my own respon-
sibility. It wassimply reaffirming what the Sen-
ator had said.
Mr. HALE. 'I simply rise to say that I think
now we shall behave ourselves, because the hon-
orable Senator has given us notice that if we do
not behave well he shall certainly apply a cor-
rective; and I think that is a better way to govern
a school than to flog them at first. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
participate atall in this feeling which is mani-
fested here between different Senators. I only look
at the merits of this resolution as a general propo-
sition offered by the Senator from Wisconsin to
adopt a new rule, virtually placing the committees
of this body under the direction of the Depart-
ments which we may wish to examine into,
making it peremptory, whenever a committee is
organized in this body to inquire in reference to
any matter in any Department of this Government,
to send to that Department and receive its attor-
neys before the committee.
if the Floyd transaction or the case of a clerk
of the Interior Department, as during the admin-
istration of Thompson, and the purloining of In-
dian trust bonds by the hundred thousand were
to be examined into by a committee of this body,
the first thing peremptory upon the committee
under this resolution would be to send to those
Departments and bring before the committee the
attorneys of the parties implicated!
Now, sir, I have some confidence in the action
of this body and of its committees. I am opposed
to such a rule. In regard to the particular com-
mittee which has called for this resolution, I have
no knowledge. I have no desire to embarrass
that committee more than any other, and I would
say to my friend from Wisconsin in all kindness,
that if great harm has resulted f om the speech
made by the Senator from New Hampshire two
years ago, and the remarks to which he gave ut-
terance at that time were so objectionable, it seems
to me it cannot make them any better to keep
reading them day after day in the Senate. Pos-
sibly the country might have forgotten those ex-
coptionableexpressions of the Senator from New
Hampshire if they had not been repeated to us so
often. However, if some good is to result from
their repetition, 1 suppose it is proper that they
should be repeated and the Senator from New
Hampshire held responsible for them.
But. sir, it is in regaid to this resolution that I
desired to speak. The Senator fiom Iowa [Mr.
Grimls] yesterday on this resolution went into
an elaborate defense of the Navy Department;
and I will take occasion here to say that 1 have
as much confidence in the Navy Department of
thin Government as in any of its Departments.
I believe that Department has been managed with
signal ability, notwithstanding the complaints
winch have been made. It is possible that con-
tractors may have dcfiaudt d Lhe Department; but
I have not the slightest suspicion that the head of
that Department is in any way implicated m any
contracts or frauds, I believe, with the Senator
