438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
from "Wisconsin, that he is as much opposed to
them as any of us. I will not undertake to say
whether the criticism of the Senator from Wis-
consin upon those who have not got office and
have not obtained contracts is just. He seems to
suppose that all these complaints come from dis-
appointed office-holders and disappointed con-
tractors. Did it never enter the mind of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that contractors and office-
holders themselves are likely to be a little biased
also ? Bid it never enter into his mind that the
contractor who is defrauding the Government
might have a little bias upon his mind against an
investigation as well as the disappointed contractor
in favor of it?
"Mr. DOOLITTLE. Does my friend from Illi-
nois suppose that I asked that a contractor should
be sent in before the committee?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nut at all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What then is the purpose
of the inquiry?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will tell the Senator. I
understood him to denounce these investigations;
that they were got up by disappointed contractors
and office-holders. I merely wanted to remind,
my friend 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I dedre to correct the hon-
orable Senator. 1 said no such thing. I did not
say that these investigations were got up by dis-
appointed office-seekers or contractors either. I
say it is these disappointed officc-scckers and con-
tractors that come to members of Congress filling
their ears with these stories of wh'at they have re-
ceived at the hands of the Government, and many
of these stories are false and exaggerated—not that
the Senate got up these committees of investiga-
tions to accommodate those men at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems then that they
are only the originators of the complaints in the
opinion of the Senator from Wisconsin. That
may be so, and doubtless many of the accusations
are false; but I tell the Senator from Wisconsin,
and the friends of the Administration and of the
Government, that nothing is to be made by under-
taking to hide or cover iniquity, and this attempt
to 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I am not
disposed to allow my honorable friend to place
me in a false position. Have I said anything in
favor of hiding or covering up any transaction?
Not at all, sir; not at all. I have said that I be-
lieved, for the pm pose of obtaining the truth, it
will serve the Government better that the head of
the Department who knows all the facts, or has
persons who do know all the facts as to the trans-
actions of the Department, should detail some
one to sit with a committee that know nothing
about them; for I confess that I do not know any-
thing about the transactions of the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow mr just here, to my personal knowl-
edge i know that, the chief of the Navy Depart-
ment lias been desiring for the last two years to
havejust such an investigation as this that has
been moved by the,Senator from New Hampshire,
the chairman of the Naval Committee, on this
identical subject.
Mr, TRUMBULL. 1 have no doubt of it. I
should expect it, from the opinion I enteitain of the
head of the Navy Department; and 1 think it is
an over-zeal on the part of some gentlemen to un-
dertake to oppose these investigations. The Sen-
ator fiom Wisconsin tells us he is not disposed to
cover up anything. What is the purport of his*
whole speech? Why is it that he comes in here
denouncing men who are not office-holders, and
who have not got contracts, except it is to prevent
investigation? As a true friend of the Govern-
ment and of the Administration, I believe,as the
Senator ftom Iowa has remarked, that they will
court an investigation into any chaigesthat may
be made against their fidelity or honesty in man-
aging the Departments, and I will not take itfoi
granted that a committee of this body is inspired
by hostility to any Department in its investiga-
tion. I will not assume that.
This resolution is brought into the Senate, it
seems, before the committee has ever met. I con-
cur entirely with what the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] has said. If, when this committee
meets, m the opinion of the committee, or any
member of the committee, matters are being in-
vestigated about which the DepaUnient should be
advised, and it is desirable to have a resolution j
passed to allow the head of the Department or any
of his officers to appear before the committee, I
will go with the Senator from Wisconsin for it.
But why this sensitiveness in advance? 1 believe
that nothing wrong will be found that will reach
the head of the Department at all. There may
be wrong in some of the ramifications of the De-
partment. It would be wonderful if in the ex-
penditure of one hundred millions of money an-
nually no frauds and corruptions were practiced
by the numerous agents that have to be employed
in the expenditure; but that it goes to the head of
the Department I do not believe. I have heard
nobody make any such accusation.
Whenever such facts are developed as justify
any member of this body, acting on his responsi-
bility as a representative of one of the States of the
Union, in coming forward with a resolution to in-
vestigate a transaction which he believes to be
wrong, I am for giving him his committee and al-
lowing a fair opportunity for investigation, and I
will not assume in advance that that investigation
is to be an attack on the Administration -or any
Department of the Administration; and I do not
believe that the Navy Department so regard this
investigation.
I trust that no such resolution as this will be
adopted. I regard it as a reflection upon the com-
mittees of the Senate, upon ourselves; but I say
to the Senator from Wisconsin, if, when this com-
mittee is organized, it is made to appear to the*
Senate that information cannot be had from the
Departments, or that it is desirable to have any of
the officers of the Departments before the commit-
tee and they cannot be obtained, which I do not
believe, for I think there is no difficulty—I think
every committee has got along without the least
difficulty ill all these investigations with the De-
partments; I have always been so infoimed—hut
if difficulty does aiise and the information cannot
be obtained, or injustice is likely to be done to any
Department of the Government for want of an op-
portunity to explain its transactions, the Senator
from Wisconsin can have my vote any time to
bring the jnoper facts before the Senate. How-
ever, I would not do this in advance by a general
rule which looks like a reflection on our commit-
tees, and which, it seems to me, is wholly unne-
cessary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will move that this res-
olution be postponed until Monday next; and the
special oi der of the day, on which the honorable
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has the floor,
can then come up.
The motion was agreed to.
ENLISTMENTS IN THIS ARM if.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
of the day, being the bill (S. No. 41) to promote
enlistments in the Aimy of the United plates,and
for other purposes, is now before the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend that bill by
substituting for it the amendment I send to the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
before the Senate is on the amendment proposed
by theSenatoi fromMissonu, [Mr. ricxnr.usowj
which will be read, after which the amendment of
the Senator from Massachusetts will be in older.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
m section thiee, line five, after the word 11 he" to
strike out the words " his mother, and his wife
and children," and after the word "notwith-
standing," in the seventh line, to insert:
And hi< mother, ln« wife, and childicn <li.il 1 also be fioo,
piovided that by the I.uv4? of any State thuy owe service or
l.tboi to any per-on or per-nn^ "who have given aid or com-
toitto the icbdhou agmn-t the Government suicg
July IT, lfcY>.3.
So that the whole section will read as follows:
That when any person ofAtricnn descent whose service
or labor «•* claimed in any State under the laws theieof
>hall lie mu^teicd into tho mihtaiy or naval s-civice of the
United States, he j-h.ill loi< ver thoie.tlun bo fieo, any law,
usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and his
mother, hi* wite, and children shall also bo free, provided
that by the laws of any State they owe service or labor to
atiypci^on or pci^on^ whohavo given iiid or comfoi t to the
cxi>ting nebelhou ngainst the Government since July 17,
1862; and all lavv^ nud pans of law? inconsistent heiewith
arc heieby ifpealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Upon this: ques-
tion the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is en-
titled to the llooi
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the bill now
before the Senate presents not only the question of
the employment of negroes in the military scivice
of the United States, but also in my judgment the
question of the emancipation of the whole negro
race in this country. The second section of the bill
provides that all persons of African descent who
have been or may be hereafter employed in the mil-
itary or naval service shall receive the same uni-
form, pay, arms, and equipments as other soldiers
of the regular or volunteer forces of the United
Statesother than bounty. The third section pro- .
vides that " when any person of African descent
whose service or labor is claimed in any State un-
der the laws thereof, shall be mustered into the mil-
itary or naval service of the United States, he, his
mother, his wife, and children, shall forever there-
after be ftee." It is manifest, Mr. President, that if
aslavc is employed in the military service the inev-
itable result of thatemployment is emancipation.
It would appear to be just, when a slave renders
military servicc and exposes his life in a civil war
like this, that it should inure to the benefit of his
wife, his mother, and his children. It is equally
clear that if by the laws of war all slaves who en-
ter into the military service in the southern States,
and all who are connected with them by the ties
of blood shall be emancipated, the tenure of sla-
very in this country would become so uncertain
as to result in universal emancipation. I will,
therefore, treat this proposition according to its
logical effect, and as involving the emancipation
of the negro race in this country.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Ohio
allow me a moment? 1 had proposed, in orderto
avoid raising that question just now, to amend the
entire act by striking out the whole bill, and sim-
ply providing to pay the negro troops now in the
field, as there is a great deal of suffering in regard
to it, great discouragement as to enlisting, and
to let the other matter stand to some future day.
If the Senator chooses to debate the bill, how-
ever, very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. In my view of thesubjact,
this will make very little difference, because 1 be-
lieve that the employment of negro slaves in tho
southern States will result in emancipation in all
those States, and as the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts proposes to employ ne-
gro slaves in the Army and Navy, and to invite
them by bounties, b^ high pay, by uniform, by
all the inducements now held out to our own sol-
diers and sailors, the result will be universal eman-
cipation in this country. 1 therefore prefer to dis-
cuss all these kindred propositions as a whole.
Has Congress oi the President power to employ-
slaves in the military service ? Can we emanci-
pate them either as a punishment of rebels, or as
a reward for military service? If these powers
exist, to what extent and in what way should we
exorcise them ? These qupstionspresent the most
difficult problem of the war, which requires in its
solution more than human wisdom. I certainly
would not engage in the discussion did not the
responsibility of my position require mo to meet
them as practical questions of legislation. For
many years this Senate Chamber has rung with
angry discussions on the slavery question. The
most eloquent, the most gifted, the wise, the
leai ned, each and all of the great names that have
adorned American history in Convention and in
cither House of Congress, have expended their
eloquence, their learning, all the artillery of ex-
cited debate on the slavei y question as it affected
a single slave or an unpopulatedTerritory. It de-
volves upon us now to pass upon a guarantee, a
pledge, which if made, honor and public faith will
I never Jiereafter allow the nation to withdraw; a
! pledge which, if redeemed, will directly emancipate
i a majority of the slaves in this country, and in its
| logical consequence within a short time will make
1 every human being within oui limits free, unless
j he forfeits his freedom by his crime. In the dis-
i cussion of such a question it becomes vital that
j wecarefuilyexamineour powers. Theraec whose
j military service we require has yielded forced la-
j bor, unrequited toil to' ours for generations. If
! we induce them to incur the risk of death and
I wounds in war upon the promise of emancipation,
j and do not redeem that promise, we add perfidy
j to wrong. The soldier who has worn our uni-
] form and served under our flag must not hereafter
; labor as a slave. Nor would it be toleiable that
his wife, his mother, or his child should be tho
