1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
property of another. The instinctive feeling of
every man of generous impulse would revolt at
such a spectacle. The guarantee of freedom for
himself, his mother, his wife, and his child is the
inevitable incident of the employment of a slave
as a soldier. If you have not the power, or do
not mean to emancipatehim and those with whom
he is connected by domestic ties, then in the name
of God an# humanity do not employ him as a
soldier. Let him in his servitude at least be free
from the danger incident to a free man. If I had
doubts about the power to emancipate the slave
for military service,! certainly would not vote to
employ him as a soldier.
And so vast a subject as this deserves the dig-
nity of a separate bill. The Military Committee
have unwisely incumbered this bill with provis-
ions about adjutants, quartermasters, ana othner
minor details of legislation. The guarantee of
freedom has annexed to it no provision to secure
it. No details are given. We know that the
relation of husband and wife is not recognized
with slaves, and yet this relation is spoken of as
a measure of emancipation. Who is the wife of a
slave? If reference is had to local law it declares
that a slave can have no wife, and if you mean to
make this guarantee effective you must define who
shall be considered the wife of the slave. It is
one of the worst features of the system of slavery
that a man who will render you military service
under this bill is not recognized by the law as the
father of children; but the childten follow the
condition of their mother. Who will be held to
be the children of the slaves wlio may fight and
die in your service? This bill docs not define
them. A great act of emancipation like this, in-
tended to have effects upon future generations,
certainly should have more ample provisions to
secure its execution, and should be clothed in
such language as to show that we appreciate the
dignity and importance of such legislation. If
we examine this bill we find that it is not only
incomplete in its details, but that it merely modi-
fies existing legislation. By the act of July 17,
1862, we authorized the President to employ per-
sons of African descent in the military and naval
service. So careless were wo in legislating upon
this subject that on the same day in separate bills
we passed provisions upon this subject almost
identical, and yet these provisions contain no
details. We must then look to the present law
in order to determine whether any further legis-
lation is needed. The principal difference be-
tween this bill and the law as it stands is that
this bill includes the slaves and their relatives of
loyal masters in adheringStates, and yet contains
no provision for their compensation.
In the view I shall take of this matter, it is in-
dispensable that in adhering States where slaves
of loyal citizens are taken for the public service,
provision must be made for their compensation.
Heretofore in practice, the Secretary of War has
appropriated the bounty paid in for substitutes
to the purchase of negro slaves; but thishasbeen
done in the absence of legislation from the neces-
sity of the case. Surely in treating so vasta sub-
ject we ought to make the law simple, plain, ef-
fective, and complete.
Nor ought we to leave the question of the
emancipation of slaves who serve in our armies
to rest solely on the President's proclamation.
Some of the ablest lawyers in this country have
declared that the President has no power to pro-
claim the emancipation of the slaves. This power
lias not been settled by any courtortribunal, and
has been denied not only by political parties, but
by able lawyers who are friends of the Adminis-
tration. It is difficult to perceive in the Consti-
tution of the United States where he derives this
power. In his recent message he casts doubts upon
the subject, and invites interference by the courts.
This proclamation was never sanctioned by Con-
gress, and can only have effect so far as it is ex-
ecutive. It cannot have effect upon slaves who
are not brought within its operation during actual
hostilities. The exceptions contained m this
proclamation make it partial and ineffective. If
executed in the seceding States it impairs the value
of slaves in loyal States, and yet leaves slavery
an existing institution.
If negroes of the southern States, as they are
now gathering about our banner, fight for us no-
bly and well, if they prove by their courage that
they are capable of being free men, they thouhl
be free. They are now on trial. My sympathies
are not necessarily with the negro race; butif the
negro now showy by his corn age, by his capacity,
by his endurance, by his bravery, that he is able
to win his fteedom and maintain it, then I wish
to secure him that freedom by all the sanctions of
law, and not to rest it upon the uncertain tenure
of a President's proclamation. We are here in-
dependent of the President; it is our duty to ex-
amine critically the question of his powers and
the effect «f his acts.
And, sir, we must not forget that the President
who issued this proclamation may abrogate it;
he may modify it, or extend the exceptions by a
new amnesty. Wc know that he entered upon
this path of emancipation only after the country
became wearied and almost exhausted under the
unnatural protection extended by his officers to
slavery. We know that when General Fiemoni,
early m the war, refused to surrender slaves to
rebel masters and by proclamation emancipated
slaves who came within his lines, the President
set aside his proclamation and extended his con-
fidence only to those who protected the property,
even of open public enemies, in their slaves.
When General Hunter issued his proclamation in
South Carolina, where, if anywhere, such a proc-
lamation could be justified, in the presenceof the
enemy, in the nestof secession, in the sight of the
worst rebels of the country, the President set
aside that proclamation. When we were legis-
lating here in anxious deliberation, and finally
concluded that it was our duty to emancipate the
slaves of the leading rebels in the southern States,
those who held high offices, and not only to eman-
cipate their slaves but to confiscate their land and
other property, our legislation was suspended,
and we were compelled to change it and modify
it at the desire of the President, and in that way
to destroy the vitality of our legislation. We
must also remember that within one month be-
fore the first proclamation of emancipation was
issued the President ridiculed his power to eman-
cipate slaves, and a common remark was attrib-
uted to him that such a proclamation on his part
would amount to nothing moie than the Pope's
bull against the comet.
So far was thisconservatism carried—for I will
call it by the name its friends choose for it—that
the political part}' to which the President belongs
lost every election that fall. Ohio is now repre-
sented in the other House of Congress by thir-
teen genilemen who ccitainly do not representtiie
opinion of the majority of her people, and who
owe their scats entirely to the discouragement
caused bv the mode in which the war was then
conducted. The whole of this state of feeling grew
out of the backwardness of the President in meet-
ing this question of emancipation and the employ-
ment of negroes in this war. Wc must also re-
member that the exceptions contained m the Pres-
ident's proclamation very much impair the value
of the proclamation, even if it'shoulu be sustained
by the courts. It has never yet been tested in a
single tribunal; no judge has everyet pronounced
in favor of its validity. No constitutional pro-
vision can be pointed out to sustain its power.
Men have doubts about it. Under these circum-
stances, can you expcct the negroes of the south-
ern States who arc informed upon the subject to
rally around your banner? Or jf, as I know (hey
are, they arc ignorant and take your promise for
your power, I ask you whether you are willing
to let them risk theii lives upon the basis of a proc-
lamation on the validity of which you yourselves
have doubts, especially if you have the power by
law to sanction that proclamation and to give it
validity.
Wc must remember that the Executive is but
one branch of the Government. His powers are
defined by the Constitution. They are simply
executive. Pie can neither make norsuspend the
operation of a law. in time of war he is Com-
mander-in-Chief of our Army and Navy; but is
this power sufficient to change the laws of States
and communities, or do they extend beyond the
lines of our armies, and especially will they ex-
tend into the future peaceful times which we hope
may soon coma upon us? I shall hereafter en-
deavor to show tliat Congress is invested with
clear power to guaranty emancipation to slaves
who ent<t our armies; but where can such a power
be found for the President? Even if, in the opin-
ion of Senator, the proclamation is effective, if
it has the power and efficacy of law, it is our duty
to give to that proclamation the sanction of the
legislative authority. We must, by some act cane-
fully conceived and carefully worded, give ad-
ditional sanction to that proclamation. If you
have the power to arm slaves, and if they fight
for you, you must make them free, and if you
guaranty their freedom you must adhere to that
guarantee to the bitter end. The idea of getting
thcs>'e poor ignorant Africans into our scr vice, call-
ing upon them to risk their lives for us, to be
slaughtered in our civil war, and then not to se-
cure them emancipation, would be the height of
injustice. If the negro fights for us his freedom
must be securcd if we have it in our power to se-
cure it. I would never authorize a single slave
to be employed in this civil war unless I had the
power to emancipate him. Why, sir, if you put
him i.n your tanks, and make him fight for you,
and then do not give him liberty, you treat him
worse than the meanest slaveholder that ever lived.
The slaveowners only rob him of his wages; they
only take from him the sweat of his brow; butif
you take his life and then do not secure to him and
to his children their freedom, you do him a still
greater wrong.
Have we this power, and if so whence is it de-
rived and to whatextent can weexecute it? The
power to emancipate a slave by Congress or the
President certainly does not exist in time of peace.
This is an axiom in American politics. The
Second Congress, upon the petition of Benjamin
Franklin, declared that the national Legislature
had no power over slavery in the States. The dec-
laration lias been repeated by almost every Con-
gress since (hat time. No political party that has
ever been organized in this country has claimed
the power of interfering with slavery in the States.
At the very last session of Congress before this
war broke out the House of Representatives, by
a unanimous vote, declared that Congress had no
power to emancipate slaves, and no power over the
subject of slavery in the States. It was so declared
by the President; it was so declared in the Chi-
cago platform. It is, as I have said, an axiom in
American politics that Congress has no power
over slavery m the slaveholdmg States; that sla-
very is simply a local institution protected by
local law, having existence commensuia4.e only
with that local law; that Congress lias no power
ovei it whatever except as that power grows out
of the enforcement of the provision of the Consti-
tution of the United States for the recapture of
fugitive slaves. This, I believe, is admitted on all
hands. If, therefore, we have power to emanci-
pate, we must derive it from 'some other source,
and not from the ordinary powers of Congress in
time'of peace.
It is equally clear that the existence of a mere
insurrection in our country will not justify inter-
ference with slavery. This has been settled now
by many cases in our courts. 1 have listened
very often to the argument made by the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] on this point, but
the difficulty with him—and I submit it to his
judgment, for I intend to appeal to his candor to-
day—is that he does not distinguish between in-
suirection and war. The line is broad and deep.
We have had some insurrections in this country,
but we have never before had a civil war. There
was an insurrection in Massachusetts, Shay's re-
bellion, before the formation of ihe Constitution,
giowing out of the depressed condition of indus-
try. That was simply an insurrection, a rising
of ignorant men against the authorities of the State
of Massachusetts". It was put down partly by
judicial proceedings and partly by mild force.
Then we had an insurrection in western Pennsyl-
vania, called the whisky insurrection. A large
body of armed men were called out, but it was
finally put down rather by marshals and consta-
bles than by military force.
My friend from Kentucky says they had one
in Massachusetts in the Burns case; and he has
airaigned the Senator from Massachusetts for
some complicity m that matter. The Burns case
was a mere mob, a mutiny, if you please; but
suppose it was an insurrection, what then? In-
surrection is not war, as 1 shall show by the au-
thorities; very far from it. We had an insurrec-
tion, orwhatl may call an insurrection, in Kansas
when the people of Missouri invaded the Terri-
toiy of Kansas. Armed men marched over from
that State into an infant Territory, seizing upon
