1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
and tyrants,and ill became this country of ours.
Such, however, does hoc seem to be the impres-
sion here now.
I tell Senators the people will see these orders,
and they might as well agree to let them come
here m proper form. Nothing, you can do will
hide the truth long. We should have it in more
authentic foim if we got it under the sign-manual i
of the parties who issued these orders; but the
people will have them anyhow. If you give
them to us in an authentic form it will be much
better, and no objection can be made then that
we misstate them. When the Senate heie solemn-
ly dectee that we shall not have a view of the
public acts and orders of our public officials that
are not in any way sccrct, or ought not to be so,
the world will think there is rottenness and wrong
being hidden which it is desired to conceal from
the public. That will be the result; and I think
you will only injure your own cause by with-
holding the information, i give that advice gratis,
and I hope it will hereafter be acted upon.
But, sir, I have said that the great conservative
party of this country has a high mission to accom-
plish. That party consists of old Democrats, old
Whigs, and Republicans who arc ready to leave
you, seeing that you have not fulfilled your prom-
ises. If you will give us free speech, a free press,
and free ballot in November next, we will drive
you from power as the hurricane sweepsafeather
in its course. But will you give us them? Will
you pass laws punishing your officers and those
in authority for striking down free ballot ? Will
you pass other laws punishing by the harshest
punishment those who attempt to overthrow the
liberty of the press? Will your Executive stnke
off from his rolls those within his control who
raise their hands to imprison citizens who exer-
cise the constitutional right of free speech ?
i tell you, Senators, that your only hope is to
strikedown free speech, a fiee press, and free bal-
lot, in order to maintain your power, llence it
is that, although we hope, we do not much ex-
pect that you will do anything in the right direc-
tion. Your past action does notconvince us that
you will. Give us these threegreat conservative
peaceful agencies; it is all we want. Let us fieely
canvass your administiation of public, affair*; let
us freely investigate the conduct of your men in
power; let us, through tin; press and the tongue,
on the stump and in every cabin, say what we
think; let the newspapers go foith pointing to the
fact, and showing to the people clearly and dis-
tinctly that you are overthrowing the Constitu-
tion; that you are plundei mg them of their treas-
ure; that you are unworthy of trust, and your
political days will be numbered. I tell the con-
servative men, the Democracy, the old Whigs,
the honest Republicans, cverywh^ie—and I wish
to God my voice could extend to the remote parts
of this country—to be of good cheer; and if those
in power attempt to enslave them, to put chains
upon their limbs, to prevent their fiee tongues
from wagging m woids of honest and burning
censure against those who are striking down their
liberties, if the minions of power attempt to in-
terfere with the freedom of the press, I would ad-
vise the people throughout the length and breadth
of the land to insist on freedom, and give thou lives
in its defense. 1 am for law and for order; I beg, I
implore, I entreat, that we may have these great
constitutional agencies without blood; but before
God,l shall advise the people every wheie, i ather
thau submit to the degradation of having free
speech, a fiee press, and fiee ballot taken from
them, to strike the usurpers to the ground. If a
free people will not light and give their blood for
theseihtee inestimable blessings they are unwor-
thy to live as freemen, and the best thing for them
would bp to die, for they will have to do that or
Jive as slaves.
1 hope we shall have hereafter the perfect free-
dom of elections everywhere; that we shall have
free speech,a free press, and free ballot. These
are all the weapons we ask. But if they are de-
nied us, 1 shall advise the Democracy and the
conservative men in evciy State of the Union to
.fight for them; 1 do not mean to go on t of the Union,
but I mean to fighr. for the ballot, and fight under
the Constitution and iaws of their country, and
defend themselves by sinking to the caith those
who attempt to prevent them excicising these
inestimable blessings of a fiee people.
The Senator from New Hampshue will have
to see that free speech and free press and free bal-
lot are destroyed before he can kill the Democ-
racy. They are not destructible at tides. Stiike
down one by cruel and bloody tyranny, and a
thousand will spring up. You may cause some
of the timid to be silent; you may cause them to
be afraid to go to the polls and vote; but the love
of truth and of constitutional liberty'is in their
breasts; the bold will speak it,and they will strike
for it; they will vindicate it with their blood, not
in seceding, but in fighting at their own hearth-
stones, as it were, for the liberties given them by
their fathers; and we should be unworthy de-
scendants of the noblest sires the worideversaw,
unless wo did stand thus boldly for our rights.
Mr. President, I had intended to notice in a
very brief manner the most.remarkable effort of
the Senator from Massachusetts this morning.
I have heard that Senator, ever since 1 have been
in the Senate Chamber, reading his long, illogi-
cal ihapsodies upon slavery. They are all of
them much alike; all speak of the barbarism and
cruelty of slavery. They are filled with a good
deal of encyclopedia learning, with scraps of quo-
tation here and there. Without meaning any
disiespect to the Senator, I must say that they
remind me of the ihapsodies of a man who has a
nightmare. They remind me of an expression
of Shakspeare:
" It i< a talc,
Told by an idiot, full of sound and luty,
Sigiulyaig mailing,"
In the first hour of his speech to-day, the Sen-
ator gave us a kind of rehash of the leport he
made from the committee on freedmen (I believe
that is its name) touching the icpeal of the fugi-
tive slave law, in which he treated of the question
of constitutional power. 1 will do the Senator
the justice to say that his language was excel-
lent; he does write good English; but I must also
say that his lepoit is the most illogical and un-
lawyeilike paper 1 ever lead'in my life coming
from a gentleman of such leai nm<> and reputation.
My ft lend f; 0111 Pennsylvania. [Mr. Buckalew]
put the knif" of tiuth and logic to it; he
exposed Us sophist! y, Us want of candoi, its want
of luxtoi teal and constitutional truth; in a single
chaige he scato-ned it to the four winds; but we
have had a lehash of it here to-day. 1 shall enter
into no constitutional argument for the puipose
of oveithiowing such kind of rhapsodies. If I
had any inclination to do so, the repoitofnsy
tnend fiom Pennsylvania has relieved me of the
u ouble. His very switching, potent, though short
analysis is on your table, and it disposes of the
question. ^
The Senator horn Massachusetts to-day has
quoted from Patnek Henry, and he has eulogized
him very much. Certainly he does not feel any
more admiration foi that distinguished orator than
I do. Does not the Senator know that an amend-
ment to the Constitution has been adopted since
Patrick Henry made that speech, which says that
private propei ty shall not be taken for public uses
except on just compensation? and that is an an-
swer to his whole quotation from Mr. Heniy. I
do not believe Mr. Henry was right in the posi-
tion he assumed in the speech fiom which the
Senator quoted. Mr. Henry was engaged at that
time in making an assault on the Constitution in
a slave State; he wished to reject it; he did not
like it; but e\en if what he then stated were ti ue,
the amendment since adopted explodes the \vhole
of the Senator's argument on that buinch of the
case, and Mr. ileniy's argument along with it.
"But the Senator has said that the way to pie-
serve the Republic is to cairy it back to the pim-
ciples of its baptismal font—a beautiful expies-
bion, but what appiopiiateness is theie in it in
the way in which the honorable Senator uses it?
What did our fatheis do when they formed the
Government ? What was their status ' What w as
their condition? When they stood around the
baptismal font and proclaimed the birth of the
Constitution that carried joy and gladness to the
heaits of liberty-loving men throughout the world,
every minister at that altar, save those from one
State, was a .representative of a slave State, and
four fifths of them were sla\eholdexs. They were
the men who gave us the Constitution so much
vaunted to-day by the honorable Senator. I
would to God we could go back to those days
when men were honest and had regard for prop-
erty lights, when men were patriotic and exerted
themselves in the cabinet and the field for the
piomotion of the best interests of their country,
when our statesmen were wise and philanthropic,
prudent and capacious, and took in their broad
view the whole interests of the countiy. None
of them were led off by this miserable one-idea
fanaticism in regard to negro slavery or any other
"ism." They were men of extended Catholi-
cism in all thefr political views. Unfortunately
for us, those wise, those good, those virtuous,
those great men have departed, and we now have
succeeding them a set of men who are governed
entnely by a single idea, and who would re-
nounce any theory they had ever held in order
to cany out that idea.
I have heard the Senator declare in this Cham-
ber that under the Constitution we had no power
to interfere with slavery m the States. To-day
he tells us that it is constitutional to strike and
crush slavery wherever we can find it.
The Senator swears to support tiie Constitution,
and declares in his place that he would not assist
in the execution of the fugitive slave law, a law
made in obcdience to the command of the Consti-
tution. The Senator disregards the Constitution,
his oath of office, and everything that should bind
the conscience of a good and just man, to carry
out his abolition schemes.
The Senatorfrom Massachusetts talks as glibly
about war as if he had all his life had the harness
on, as if nothing had ever delighted his eyes but
hacked and bruised armor and broken blades,
lie has talked about this war as being righteous
and right; he has advocated it throughout; he has
voted all the men and all the money they wanted,
and to-day he eulogizes war. Now, what do you
think has heretofore been the tenet of that hon-
orable Senator? As I before said, those who have
but one predominant idea are notwise counselors.
The Senator has changed the whole current of his
thoughts within the last few years on this subject
of war. Let me read fiom a most elaborate ora-
tion, very handsomely written, and replete with
all the encyclopedia learning for which thatSen-
atoi is so eminent, made some years ago. Let us
see what the Senator then said of peace; and if
everybody in thus Chamber who has witnessed
his conduct here does not say that he has run coun-
ter to the principles laid down by himself I will
admit that 1 have not capacity to see the truth or
to state it. Heie is an extract from an oiation,
made by. Hon. Charles Sumner, entitled The
Grandeur of Nations, a few years ago.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the date of it?
Mr. POWELL. The 4th of July, 1845, and
I would lather have it dated back at that time than
now, because it expressed the Senator's ideas
when everything was cool and calm and quiet,
and there was not the excitement of civil war. I
have a right to use it as a weapon against him.
He is usin<£ this war as an instrument to destroy
slavery. That is his whole object; he has none
other; and 1 tlnnk he will get up and avow that
to be the case. 1 am suie he will not deny it.
Now, sir, let us look to what he said on war in
that address:
In em age there can be no pence that i< not honorable;
tl'tro c:ui be no wat that is not dibhoaorablc."
And those words arc put in capital letters. Ac-
coidmg to his own tenets, the Senator is now
urging on a dishonorable war. I do not say that
that is what the Senator is doing; but I say that
if he uttered the tiutli when he made the speech
from which I have just read, he is now advo-
cating a dishonorable war, because m that speech
he said there can be no war that is not dishonor-
able. 1 suppose the Senator in the course of his
hfe has had two ideas, a war idea and a peace
idea; and when he was on the peace idea he
thought nothing under heaven w as good but peace.
1 do not concur with the Senator in that senti-
ment, for 1 think there are times in the affairs of
nations when it is r.ght to go to war. I read it
merely to thow the Senatoi's inconsistency.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will allow me
to say that at the time 1 made that remark 1 had
very little idea of the baibansm of slavery.
Mr. POWELL. I have no doubt of that, and
if the Senator would look into himself he would
find that he is mote barbarous than perhaps any
slaveholder that ever lived. The Senator is the
