1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2403
I think the objection that it is to operate inju-
riously with reference to the hogs, cattle, &c.., is
a mistaken idea. In the first place I do not attach
as much consequence to the statements of distill-
ers, however plausibly made, with reference to
these things as I once did, not long ago. I find
they have varied so fast in' their opinions accord-
ing to the necessities of the case that I have come
to the conclusion we have given altogether too
much confidence to their statements. Why, sir,
when we first laid the tax of twenty cents on
whisky, we were told by them that a tax of forty
cents would ruin'the business. No longer ago
than last winter, when our committee-room was
filled with the first distillers in the country, they
told us that seventy-five cents, possibly eighty,
was the highest that the article could possibly
bear. My friend from Indiana now says the dis-
tillers in his section of the country tell him it
will bear $1 or $1 25, but $1 50 is altogether
too tough; they cannot stand that at all. In my
judgment, it will bear a tax of $1 50 just as
well as it-will any other sum, for the simple rea-
son that the article must be had; it must be pro-
duced; the aptpetites of the people require it; and
inasmuch as it must be produced, and paid for
when produced, it makes no difference what tax
yon put on it except so far as it affects other in-
terests.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I suggest, then, why it
would not be as well to put on the $1 50 now,
and then allow it to run through this season in-
stead of changing it this year again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought I answered
that when I commenced my remaiks. You may
put on the $1 50 now. I said that if you under-
take to impose the whole of the duty now I
should be in favor of putting it up at once to $2,
bccause perhaps a tax of §1 50 would produce
the same effect if put on now, and there was not
the stimulus that was afforded by a sliding scale.
1 he object of the sliding scale was simply a
stimulus to production through the season in-
stead of at once putting on a duty which being
so high might have the effect to induce them to
let their distilleries lie comparatively idle and
trust to the stock on hand to sustain them until
they begin another season. We wantnjtioney
now—that is the simple reason. We want to get
revenue out of this particular thing. It is a great
source of revenue, and therefore we want it.
There are only two questions to be considered:
first, what will the article bear; and, in the next
pljce, how shall we lay this duty so as to get
money out of it immediately and money all along.
The committee came to the conclusion, as we did
before when we reported the sliding scale origin-
ally to the Senate at a much lower rate, that this
was the best mode of accomplishing that purpose.
With reference to the objection the honorable
Senator from Indiana makes, that it will oper-
ate injuriously upon them, they understand how
to systematize their own business. He said they
must keep their hogs and cattle all through, but
if we stimulate the production so largely for three
months it will not be so large afterwards, and
therefore, not being so large, their business will
not be profitable, and with reference to the par-
ticular things which tliey must keep. Sir, the
control of the matter is all in their own hands.
They all keep these hogs, they all keep these
cattle, and they know how to manage their own
business with reference to extending it through
the whole season, and with reference to the slid-
ing scale. They have ample notice of it. It is
with them to increase their production largely or
not. The men who carry on that business to a
great extent—and some of them do to an enor-
mous extent—can see how best to manage their
own affairs to make it profitable through the
whole season. If tliey only know what our legis-
lation is in advance for the year, they can ac-
commodate themselves to that legislation for the
year, and save themselves from any loss. It is in*
their hands, and not in ours; and that I take to be
a sufficient answer to the objection that was made
by the honorable Senatoron that particular point.
I hope the amendment of the committee will be
adopted,and when we come into the Senate, if it
becomes necessary to alter it on account of .the
action of the Senate with reference to the tax on
whisky on hand, which I do not propose now to
discuss any further, we can do so.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish to inquire whether,
if the amendment of the committee prevails, it will
be,in order to change that amendment when we
come into the.Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so.
Mr. POMEROY. When we come into the
Senate—and I think perhaps by that time this
view of the subject may commend itself to Sen-
ators—I want to have a vote of the Senate on the
proposition to tax all whisky manufactured after
the date of the law at $1 50 per gallon. I want
the distillers to have one season under that tax,
and at the opening of the next season I want to
put it at $2. My earliest recollections were in a
distillery. I know something about this busi-
ness. The first thing I can remember in this life
was stirring the fire under a distillery. ^Though
I am not connected with the business in any way
so that I have the least interest in it, yet all my
life long I have known something about it, and I
believe it would bear the highest tax that has yet
been named by any Senator. I said so a year
ago. 1 tried then to obtain a vote of the Senate
on a proposition to put a tax of one dollar a gal-
lon upon it, but it was thought at that time that
a tax of twenty cents would ruin everybody. I
want a vote of the Senate to see if we cannot
agree on a proposition providing that all whisky
to be manufactured during the year shall pay a
tax of $1 50, and all manufactured after the year,
that is from June, 1865, $2; and you will find
that will not interfere with the business at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not ask the Sena-
tor whether the result would not be to produce so
large a quantity between now and June of next
year that probably there would be none at all
manufactured the next year, and consequently we
should receive no revenue then.
Mr. POMEROY. Suppose the result is that
they produce a large amount, this year. They
pay $1 50 on it, and the increase beyond that is
only fifty cents. We now increase the duty from
sixty cents up to §1 50, an increase of ninety
cents. All manufactured during this year will
pay ninety cents agallon overand above the sixty
cents that is paid now, and all manufactured next
year will pay only fifty cents over and above
what is manufactured this year.
I think that proposition will produce the largest
amount of whisky and the.largest amount of rev-
enue. That is what I am after. I have no sym-
pathy with distillers. I am looking at this mat-
ter with a view to produce the largest amount of
revenue, and at the same time not destroy the
business. I desire to secure the largest possible
amount of revenue, and I do not care how much
whisky is produced'if we get the tax of $1 50 a
gallon.
I believe that this tax of $1 50 will suspend the
distilleries for this year; but, as I have said before,
that will help us in anotherdirection. It will re-
duce the price of all the produce of the country;
for the price of oats and all the forage for the
Army is regulated more or less by the price of
corn. When we have stopped distilling corn of
course there will be no great demand for it; the
Army will get it at lower prices; and if we do
not get revenue in one direction the Government
will get the benefit of it in another. I am in fa-
vor of imposing a tax of $1 50 on whisky from
and after the passage of this act, and a tax of
$2 the next year after that; and those two steps
are all the steps I want to take in the matter. I
will offer such an amendment in the Senate. I
think that will be the best place to offer it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going to offer an
amendment now, but at the suggestion of Sen-
ators who agree with me in the principle in-
volved in this matter, I will postpone it until the
bill is in the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I am realty gratified to see to
what an extent the public confidence, and espe-
cially the confidence of the Senate, has increased
in this article of whisky within the past two years.
It is true, as the chairman of the committee has
remarked, that when we first proposed to put a
tax of twenty cents per gallon on the article the
proposition was received with fear and trembling.
It was asserted in many directions in and out of
the Senate that it was too feeble; it would not
stand any such tax. The proposition to increase
that duty to sixty cents per gallon was resisted
very strenuously for the same reason. 1 thought
then if every Senator had /understood the article
as well as ( did they would have more faith in it,
as I had. I believed it would stand a higher duty
then; I believe it will stand a higher duty now;
and I am glad to see that even the Senator from
Indiana has grown somewhat in grace and in the
knowledge of this article since these discussions
first commenced.
The only question now in dispute seems to be
how we shall get up from this low rate of taxa-
tion, which really is injurious to the country and
disgraceful to the article Of whisky, to that higher
rate of duty which the dignity of thearticle and
the interests of the Treasury demand. Shall we
go up at once now by a single enactment, or shall
we go up by regular foreordained gradations; and
if in the latter way,'shall these steps be near
together and with slight elevations, or shall they
be<far apart, extreme, radical?
The difficulty, it seems to me, in reaching this
elevation by a single step, by a single enactment
and now, is this: you are affecting the interests of
two classes of men, distinct and with interests
diverse, almost at war with each other, who are
dealing in this article of whisky that you propose
to tax;- one class are the holders, the speculators,
and the other the manufacturers. The manufac-
turer of spirits, like almost all other manufac-
turers, passes it out of his hand as he produces it.
That is the rule. There are exceptions to it, be-
cause there are some manufacturers of spirits, as
there are manufacturers of cotton, who are spec-
ulators in the article as well as makAs of it. The
rule is, they make to-day to sell as fast as the
market will take it off their hands. The capital-
ists, the men with money, buy and hold for a bet-
ter market. To-day the holders of this article
have the largest quantity of it, perhaps, the coun-
try ever knew of at one time in their hands. If
you put a tax of 25or§l 50 or §2 a gallon on
the article now, what do you say to the manu-
facturer? Simplythis: You cannotstart yourdis-
tilleries again until you can afford to make whisky
and to pay two dollars a gallon upon it and bring
it into markctand sell it in competition with these
holders who have bought their whisky when it
paid but sixty cents a gallon. When do you sup-
pose lie would start under those circumstances?
Not for a good many months to come.
That is the difficulty, as I perceive, in putting
up this duty at once to a very high rate; but I
think you can increase it between this and the
1st of October, and I remarked when I was on
the floor just now that 1 thought th% increase
should be made about the 1st of October or the
1st of November. I am not sure, upon reflection,
but my own reasoning requires me to voce the
increase at the present time; and I think that is
the true policy, upon reflection. Whether yau
increase the tax or not the distillation will aiop
for a time for reasons that have before been
spoken of; but you may raise the tax, and yet I
think the influence of the new crop will enable
the manufacturer (if you do not put on too high
a duty) to start his distilleries when the new crop
coCles in, buy up his cattle and his hogs, amj pre-
pare for another year's operations.
Rut how high can you raise the duty and en-
able the distiller to do that in competition with
the holder of this large stock? I am sure I do
not know the precise figure. 1 would venture to
vote an additional duty of twenty-five cents; but
in view of all the testimony we have had on this
subject during the past few months, I think an
increase of twenty-five cents per gallon would be
a radical measure. I think it is as high as you
ought to go and expect these manufacturers will
be able to resume their business when the next
crop comes off. If Senators differ from me, and
they think they can put on a higher rate of duty,
1 am entirely content that they shall do so. I can-
not justify such a vote myself, and therefore I
shall not give such a vote.
If we put it at a dollar, it would be an addition
of forty cents. Suppose we put it at a dollar,.is
that the maximum? I do not believe it nt all.
Other Senators say that it will bear even a higher
duty than that; but they say put it on now, or
postpone what you do not put on now for a year
to come. Mr. President, I do not want an in-
creased duty put upon this article of whisky that,
you do not provide for when this law passes. 1
want you to sound yourselves iii the examination
