1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
at various times the nature of this claim, and,I
will do it now again in as few and clear words as
I can use.
There were two regiments in the State of Ken-
tucky that volunteered for three years. One of
them was commanded by Colonel Me teal f. The
United States authorities sent an indolent, ineffi-
cient officer to muster them in. He required them
to meet at a particular point to be mustered in on
two occasions. The regiments appeared there,
and he was four or live days mustering in about
two thirds of Metcalf's regiment. In the mean
time it was ordered to Richmond in the State of
Kentucky to do duty as a three years' regiment.
It was then ordered seventeen miles soutljofRich-
mond, where it encountered Kirby Smith's com-
mand thatinvaded Kentucky some two years ago,
and fought what was called the disastrous battle
of Big Hill. Various men of that regiment were
killed and others were wounded. There were
about twelve hundred men in the regiment. It
returned to the interiorof Kentucky. It svas en-
listed mostly in my county and in Harrison and
Nicholas. In a very few days after it returned
to that locality Cynthiana was invaded by the
rebels—a town about twelve miles from Paris in
the direction of Cincinnati. Another disastrous
battle occuired there, and a part of this regiment
was in that second battle. Some of them were
killed and some weie wounded, and a good many
were taken prisoners in both battles.
Before 1 left my home there was a man came
into my office who had lost his right arm in the
battle of Cynthiana, and who had been refused
all pay and emolument as a soldier. I had his
application and various other applications of men
in that condition to have the laws remedied so as
to pay them for the time they were in the service,
and to allow the widows of those who were killed
any bounty to which they would have been enti-
tled, if any, had they been regularly mustered in,
and to give pensions to those who were disabled
by wounds.
That is the whole case; and if there is a claim
of higher justice than that upon the Treasury of
the United States I have never seen it presented.
If the Government is not willing or not able to I
pay a claim of that kind it is time that the Gov- |
ernment should abdicate and that the war should |
cease '
Mr'. SHERMAN. Tlie case made by the Sen-
ator from Itentucky is very similar to the case
acted npon by the Senate the other day in which
the Senate passed a bill paying a regimentof Ohio
troops who were not mustered into service'by the
fault of their own officers; and I would not hesi-
tate a moment to vote for a bill to provide for that
particular case. I ask the Senator whether he
ought not to introduce a bill covering that partic-
ular case. In the case of the Oluo regiment of
which i have spoken, u special bill was intro-
duced and passed and is now a law; and it is a
case very similar to the one referred to by the
Senator from Kentucky. In such a ease as that,
where the regiment was not mustered in through
the fault of the mustering officer and was ordered
into service without mustering and soldiers were
killed and wounded, they ought certainly to be
provided for.
Mr. DAY1S. With the permission ofthe Sen-
ator I wish to state a fact. At the last session I
made tepeated applications to the Senate to have
this cas£ provided for, both singly and in connec-
tion with other bills, and gentlemen, from an in-
disposition to hear (he facts of eases that a re pie-
sen ted to the Senate anil consequently from not
. understanding them, steadily and uniformly voted
it down. I have made four or five attempts at the
present session to attach this to military bills; I |
have made this explanation thiee or four times, j
and invariably the claim has been inflexibly re- j
' fused. , |
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say to the Sen- ]
ator from Kentucky that if ho will introduce a j
bill of that kind he shall have my vote, because j
I consider it a just claim. That isall I can promise. t
Mr. DAVIS. I did at the last session intro- :
duce a bill of that kind, and.I have offered it as !
an amendment to various measures. It cannot
prejudice the bill ©ow under consideration. It is
a claim ofthe highest and most imperative justice.
These men have now been waning disabled and
mutilated more than two years; some were killed
and their widows and orphans are not receiving
the bounty to which their patriotism and their
having fallen in defense of their country entitled
them.' I simply ask for this small amount of
justice to as meritorious a class of people as have
ever presented themselves to Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. Before this question
passes off I desire to state that it has been in the
contemplation of my colleague and myself dur-
ing this session to provide for a claim which is
certainly as just as the claim of Pennsylvania,
Kentucky, or any other State in the Union. For the
last two .years'the miluia of my State have been
called out by the department commander, once by
General Schofieltl and once by General Curtis;
that is, an application was made to Governor
Gamble and the militia force was called out and
put under the department commander in that
State; and they have been used during the sum-
mer and fall months in aiding the troops of the
United States in suppressing the rebellion in that
Stale and in driving back the invasion thatannu-
ally comes upon us from Arkansas. For the last
two years we have had those troops in the srr-
vice and we have expended $4,500,000; that is,
we have issued bonds bearing interest payable by
the treasurer of our State, and paid those troops.
Not one dollar has been paid to them by the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. President, the condition of our State is
such that we cannot very well bear a burden of
this character. It is well known that we are
very largely in debt, neaily $30,000,000, ex-
pended for railroad purposes heretofore, and that
the interest upon our bonds has not been paid.
We are unable to pay it, and have been unable
since this rebellion commenced. In addition to
that, from one fourth to one third of the proper-
ty in my State has been destroyed. I see by a
dispatch from St. Louis that in all probability the
State will again be invaded. We are expecting
an invasion ftoin the southwest by the forces un-
der General Price again I have no question .in
my own mind but that the State of Missouri will
bo again invaded by a large force during this sum-
mer. Everything points to it. The State is now
full of guerrillas who have returned from Price's
army; and the dispatches tell us that General
Steele will, in the course of a very short time, he
almost surrounded in Little Kock and will be held
there while General Price will invade my State
from the southwest. I have no doubt ofitatall.
What is the result of that ? Our people have
been called out a^ain by General Rosecrans. He
has called on the Governor to order out from one
to two hundred men in each county of the State.
There is no authority to pay those troops by the
Federal Government, and we shall be compelled
again to provide from the State treasury during
this summer for thepaymentof these men. What
effect has that on the people of Missouri? We
have been compelled to pass a commutation tax,
a poll tax of thirty dollars and a tax of. one per
cent on the entire property ofthe people of the
State in order to pay the militia. Sir, it is an
outrage on our people. We shall be compelled
to do it again this year. The order has already
been made anil the troops called into the service;
and how the people of our State arc to pay those
troops 1 cannot tell. It looks to me in our pres-
ent condition as an litter impossibility.
Sir, this Congress ought not to adjourn with-
out making some provision for the militia that
will be called into the service in Missouri during
this summer. We are unable to do it; and if our
people are railed out again we shall make no crop
in the Stale. I saw the dispatch yesterday morn-
nig fiom St. Louis, in which it was stated that
General Rosecrans had repeated the order made
by Schofield and Curtis heretofore, and the peo-
ple have ugain been called out, and if paid at all
they will have to be paid from the State treasury.
The people of the State cannot stand it. For
two years they have been paying this poll tax of
thirty dollars and a special Lax of one per cent,
on land and personal property in the State over
and above the taxes heretofore paid in order to
raise a fund to pay off these bonds heretofore
issued for the militia.
we must be reimbursed for those --expenditures. .
I intended to present a bill at the next session of
Congress to reimburse the State for the amount
already expended; I did not intend to urge .Hat >
this session; but if the militia force of:my State:
is to be called out again this summer, as ordered
by General Rosecrans, this Congress ooghtto:.'-
make some arrangements to pay tha6 force. " <.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair .
will submit to the Senate that a motion to post--
pone to a day ceitain is analogous to a motion
to take up, and is restricted in debate.
Mr. GRIMES. I have only one word to say.
I suppose there is not any question Hut that there -
are just claims from one half of the loyal States .
against the Government. Certainly the case
stated by the Senator from Missouri is one of
the strongest and most just that can possibly be
conceived of. But what is the proposition now
before us? It is to actually tax the people of
Missouri,oppressed as they are with taxation,and
overrun as they are with guerrillas and with hos-
tile forces, to pay the State of Pennsylvania—■—
Mr. COW AN. Not the State ofpennsyl'vania.
Mr. GRIMES. I will show whether itis the State
of Pennsylvania ornot. The peopleof Missouri
are to be taxed to pay what the State of Pennsyl-
vania ought to pay themselves, if it is not to Penn-
sylvania, and what other States have paid in place
of leaving to their own citizens to pay under pre--:
cisely similar circumstances. I say it is exceed-'
ingly unjust to levy a tax on the people of the
Slate of Missouri or the property of the State of
Missouri that has been overrun for three years,
that has been oppressed with a special tax of one
per cent, on property, and a tax of thirty dollars
per capita, to pay the State of Pennsylvania for
her expenses in repelling a hostile invasion upofr
her soil made within the last twelve months.
How does thiscase ill Pennsylvania differ from
these other cases? In this only: that instead of
the Governor or the State authorities going to the
banks or going to the citizens and securing sup-
plies and means, as they were necessary in order
to repel this incursion, the citizens themselves
came to the rescue and advanced the money. And
now the Senator says that because the State did \
not settle these claims and present the claim as a
Stateclaim against the Federal Government,there-
fore this is a private claim,and standsaltogether on
a different basis from the claims of other States.
If it be so it does not stand upon a basis as cred-
itable to the State authorities of Pennsylvania as
i the claims from other States do, it seems to me.
j It was the business of the State authorities of
Pennsylvania to settle with her citizens for the
money they advanced and the property that they
used in repelling that invasion, and to present
their claim precisely as other States have pre-
sented their claims against the Federal Govern-
ment as a Slate claim; and then they would have
all stood upon the same basis.
What I want is that all these States shall stand
upon an equal footing; that there shall be, and I
trust we shall have time, and that we will do it
at the commencement of the next session, a com-
plete adjustment of all these claims, and every
State receive exactly what it is entitled to. It is
for that reason, in order to give the Senate time
to mature this bill, that I have moved to postpone
it until the first Monday in December next.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am in favor myself of
letting each proposition stand upon its own merits.
If the Slate of Pennsylvania or the people of
Pennsylvania should be reimbursed the expenses
connected with the raid last year in the southern
part of that State, I do not think it ought to be
embarrassed by the claims of other States. If it
be specially meritorious, it ought not to be made
to carry claims that are not so clear. If it be not
meritorious, it ought to fall on its own demerit.
I understand from the course of the debate that
the accounts have been adjusted by the proper
Department, the exact amount found due, a"d
that the money is coming rather to individuals
than to the State. Where is the propriety of bur-
dening this claim, which every Senator mustac-
l knowledge to be nghtandfair, with the claimsof
I ^~ t.nf +/-i Ko inv*>sn.c ted ?
Mr. President, I have said all that I desire to j, other States which have yet to be invest  d.
say. My colleague and myself have not hereto- |j This bill, as 1 understand, came fromi the House
fore been urgent about these expenditures. We || of Representatives providing alone
- - ■ . and i of Pennsylvania. Am I wrong in that?
■]    . xhe second section of the
knew the condition of the Federal Treasury, . , ,„f.v rvfir
we thought we would bear them; but I now give !; Mr. 1B.IN tlCOtt.. >;,«
notice that if claims of this sort are to lie urged ,l bill as it enroo from the House ofRepiesentatms
