2464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25.
of this bill, examine the testimony you have on'
the subject, and provide before this bill becomes
a law for the very maximum that you intend to
put upon this article. I want it provided for in
this bjll. I do not want the maximum duty to
be imposed at once, but to be provided for in this
law; for every time you change the law you pro-
duce just the state of things you have here to-day
—rival interests ^manufacturers who want an open
market to sell in, and'the holders of the whisky
whom by your legislation you enable to foreclose
the markets, to monopolize them for a time.
But it is gftid that the imposition of these grad-
uated duties, this sliding scale, as it is called,
makes the business of manufacturing uncertain,
unsettled. I think those who assert this are en-
tirely mistaken. Hitherto, when we have dis-
cussed the propriety of this sliding scale, I have
never heard a distiller object to it. The distilWr
is not in jured by it at all" The purchaser, the
speculator loses an opportunity if you make the
increase at short periods and in inconsiderable
sums. If you raise the duty ten cents a month
orfive cents a week by a foreordained enactment,
the distiller works upon it; he runs his distillery
as it is ordinarily run; he settles with the collector
underonelawfor one week's work or one month's
work, and under another law for another; and his
spirits come forward to market with just the dif-
ference in price marked upon them that.he paid
to the collector; and that is all there is of it.
But the speculator, if I may so speak, is played
out, for he has no sort of inducement where the
increase is only five cents or ten cents at a time
to raise the capital and invest it in this article in
order to enable him to monopolize the market
against the distiller. When you allow him three
months to accumulate in anu propose to put up
the duty twenty-five or forty centsat a time, that
opens a field to bold and daring speculation. You
have seen tlmt field occupied two or three times
already in the course of our legislation on this
subject. It is occupied completely to-day. I
never want to see it opened to them again after
we linve got through with this bill.
I therefore still adheie to the idea that I de-
fended as well as I could nil through the winter,
and that I broached when 1 was on the floor be-
fore, that we should now make up our minds as
to what should be the maximum of duty imposed
upon this article, and we should incorporate it in
this bill. Make the present rise as high us you
think you can afford to go, and yet allow the man-
ufacturer, under the influence of the new crop, to
come in with his stock and divide the market with
the holder of the stock now on hand, and there-
after go on in regular gradations, frequent and
slight. Guided by these views, I think I shall
ask for a division of the question upon the amend-
ments in this section. 1 am arguing from a dif-
ferent point of view than the Senator from Ohio
is. I want the policy of the Senate settled upon
these questions before 1 am brought fuce to face
with that other question, the question of taxing
the stock on hand; for I say here that if you put
the present duty upon this article so high asQo
give the holders of the stuck now on hand a mo-
nopoly of the markets beyond the cutting of the
new crop, I shall feel compelled, much as I dis-
like the principle, to vote for imposing a tax upon
that stock on hand and try to get it. The prin-
ciple of that taxation is utterly obnoxious to me;
but necessity may possibly drive me even to more
obnoxious measures than that. I want to be
spared it, and therefore I do not want this duty
put too high at once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Wisconsin desires adivision of thequestion.
The first question will be on the firstamendment
which is in line five of section fifty-four, to strike
out " May" and insert " June."
Mr. PESSENDEN. 1 suppose there is no ob-
jection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
amendment ia in lino seven to strike out the words
"January, 3865," and insert "October, 1864."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Iftheseamendments are
now agreed to, will there be any difficulty when
the bill comes into the Senate, on a question of
order, in moving to strike out the whole and in-
sert another grade of taxation?
Several Senators. Not at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There will be
no difficulty as to the point of order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see why we may
not take a vote now and ascertain the sense of the
Senate on these amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection is that it
takes two votes, for we shall have the matter all
over again in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I state again, that if the ac-
tion of the Senate may be considered as definite
on these amendments, it will necessarily involve
the discussion of the tax upon spirits on hand,
which I have declined to discuss now, and I will
state the reason. If we now raise so largely the
duty on the article to be manufactured in the
future, I think it is our duty to the Government,
needing jnoney, to put an equivalent tax upon
the article on hand. The price of whisky to-day
is §1 25 a gallon, or about equivalent to the cost
of manufacture and $1 a gallon tax. The market
has risen just about to the standard of the House
bill. If the Senate propose now to increase the
tax on the future manufacture of the article tiie ar-
ticle on hand will bear an equivalent tax. I there-
fore think, as a matter of policy, it is better to
decide that question first, unless the Senate have
made up their minds and look on it as a settled
question. I know it has been decided two or
three times, but there are considerations now that
-•did not operate before. The proposed amend-
ments of the Senate committee would increase
the value of the article on hand to at least the
amount of the House tax. Therefore I think
that the question is presented in a very different
form. The House proposed a tax of a dollar a
gallon upon whisky. The market has risen to that
standard. But our committee proposes to increase
very largely the tax on the manufactured article.
There will be scarcely any whisky manufactured
between this and the 1st of January, none be-
tween this and the 1st of October, because there
is no corn to be had, and the distilleries are gen-
erally stopped in the summer months, and they
rarely commence again until the coming in of the
new crop, so that the effect of the amendment we
are now consideung, if adopted, will be at once
to raise the value of whisky on halul at least forty
or fifty cents a gallon. It seems to me, therefore,
you cannor consider this amendment withoutalso
considering the other branch of the subject. I
hope that the Senate will just pass over this sub-
ject by adopting the amendments of the commit-
tee, and when they definitely considerthc subject
of the tax upon spirits on hand all this matter
will be open in the Senate, and we can then per-
haps agree to a different form of taxation. I
shall then probably vote with the Senator from
Indiana to fix a standard tax on whisky to con-
tinue during the year; but before I ascertain how
much I am willing to vote as a tax on the future
manufacture of the article I wish to have the
views of the Senate definitely on the question
whether they will tax the article on hand.
If the Senate determine that they will not tax
the article on hand I think the rate fixed by the
House of Representatives on the future manu-
facture is sufficient, and as much as can be rea-
sonably levied* I do not believe you will get
$50,000 for the coming fiscal year as the result of
your tax on spirits manufactured in the future
unless you put a tax upon the spirits on hand.
Under the operation of section fifty-four the man-
ufacture will entirely ccase, I think, for one year.
The stock on hand is now so large that I do not
believe the distilleries willrun during all the next
winter at p 50 a gallon. That is my judgment.
We have all been deceived in regard to the
stock on hand from the very beginning of this
controversy. We have neverestimated it at one
third the real amount. I have myself been de-
ceived. We were toftl when the subject was first
considered in the Senate that there was but sixty
days' stock on hand; but the actual result showed
that more than six months transpired before any
was manufactured. Even when the tax was only
twenty cents a gallon the stock on hand was
equivalent to six months' supply. Nor was that
all, because the old stock was not half exhausted
before they commenced manufacturing at the
twenty cents tax. I have seen various estimates
made in regard to thestock on hand, ranging from
forty to one hundred million gallons. The very
highest amount that has ever been manufactured
in this country in any one year is eighty millions;
and I believe there is fully one year's stock on
hand, though it is very difficult to arrive at that,
because there is no exact basis of estimate; we
cannot tell how much is stored away.
I again repeat, therefore, that unless the Senate
wish prematurely to raiSe the question of the tax-
ation of the stock on hand, artd raise it 111 such
a way that we cannot have a vote that will settle
it, it is much.wiser to let the whole matter-go
over until that question is settled, and then prob-
ably I shall agree with the Senator from Indiana
in having a fixed standard tax' on the vulue of
whisky manufactured in the future.
If the Senate should refuse to put a tax upon
spirits on hand then I am in favor of the House
tax of one dollar a gallon without the gradation;
but if the Senate is willing to put a tax of fifty
cents a gallon upon whisky on hand, according
to the House proposition, I am perfectly willing
to raise the tax on the future manufacture to $1 50
a gallon; and it will not do injustice to anybody.
It will not do injustice to a single operator, to a
single man who lias stock on hand, because the
advance will at once be equivalent to the increased
tax. That is the view 1 take of it. I donotde-
sire to distress anybody engaged in this business.
Moreppople are engaged in the business of mak-
ing whisky in the State of Ohio than in any other
State of the Union. Her production was said to
be, in 1860, forty per cent, of the whole. I believe
next to the State of Ohio was the State of Illi-
nois. Her production was larger than any other
one State.
Mr. HOWE. J should like to ask the Senator
from Ohio if he believes that those holders who
have bought whisky at $1 25 a gallon can pay
forty cents additional tax without being injured?
Mr. SHERHAN. I do say that those who
have bought it at $1 25 a gallon, in case we raise
the duty on the future manufactured article to
§1 50, can afford to pay fifty cents a gallon tax,
for the price will at once advance to §1 75a gallon.
Mr. HOWE. The proposition is only to
charge a dollar to anybody.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I again repeat, the
! Senator must have understood me, that if a tax
is put upon the article on hand, then 1 am in favor
of increasing the tax on the future manufactured
article from this time, from the passage of the
act, to $1 50 a gallon, so as to make the matter
equal. The effect will be to raise the price of
whisky in the market to $1 75 a gallon; the
holder would pay the increased value of fift,y
cents to the Government; the Government would
derive that benefit; and then on the future manu-
factured article the Government would get the full
amount of the revenue.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is one question
that might as well be settled now as atany time,
especially as the discussion has to some extent
touched it. I agree with the proposition of the
•Senator from Ohio, that as to the rate of taxation,
the vote may well be postponed until we reach
the other question. I shall move so to amend this
section as to present the question that I regard as
one of great importance to this interest. It is to
strikeout of the original bill and the Senate amend-
ments the dates wherever they occurafter (< the 1st
day of June, 1864," and to insert in lieu thereof
"the 1st day of June, 1865," so that the tax,
whatever that is, shall remain for one entire year;
and the Senate can as well decide that question
now as at any time, for whether the tax be one
dollar upon the gallon, or one dollar and a half
upon the gallon, the question whether that tax
ought to run during the whole year can as well
be considered in the one case as in the other; the
question is the same.
The Senator from Maine suggested this objec-
tion to my proposed amendment, that if we tax
at the rate of one dollar a gallon from the 1st day
of June, 1864, to the 1st day of June, 1865, and
at that date increase the tax fifty per cent., the
distilleries will be run to their utmost capacity
through this entire year, and that then for the
year following the Government will realize no
revenue. I am surprised that the Senator sug-
gested that argument, when his own proposition
presents in three instances the same difficulty and
objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not to that extent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Perhaps not to the same
