442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
agiftg to Sierra Leone. These slaves generally
belonged to different tribes, who supplied the Cre-
ole negroes. When the slave trade was prohibited
there were no more liberated Africans to be had,
and the regiments are now recruited among the
population of the islands themselves, and they
are composed of negroes and Creoles in the pro-
portion of sixty per hundredsoldiers ofthe former
and forty per hundred of the latter. There is one
European sergeant to each company.
Itis equally clear thatin our own country in the
revolutionary war and in the war of 1812 colored
soldiers were employed on both sides. We are
of course all familiar with the ordinary incidents
of the revolutionary war; and we know that Lord
Dunmore issued his proclamation in 1776 inviting
the slaves to leave their masters, and he oigan-
ized them into regiments. He formed two regi-
ments near the site of Fortress Monroe, it is a
remarkable fact that our revolutionary fathers
feared the arming of the negroes more than any-
thing else; and what tended to defeat the general
arming of them was the fact that a large portion
oftheloyaiistsin the southern Statesowned slaves.
Many of the men who were the traitors to our
country at that time were the owners of slaves,
although that was not true of them as a class, be-
cause many of the noblest, ablest, best men in the
revolutionary service were the owners of slaves.
In South Carolina it was manifest that the large
owners of slaves were men who joined the British,
and insisted on the surrender of Charleston. That
fact is proven by many passages in revolutionary
history. In the worns of John Adams, volume
two, page 428, he gives the reason why the ne-
groes were not more generally employed by the
British. He says:
"AH the king's friends and tools of Government lmve
large plantations and property in negroes, so that the slaves
of the Tories would he lost as welt as tho.se of the Whigs."
That was a reason why the British did not
organize more negro troops in South Carolina at
that time. Their own friends, upon whom they
depended for aid, would lose their slaves as well
as the Wings. When Lord Dunmore's procla-
mation was issued, it was answered on our side
by a manifesto that I will read a short ex ti act from,
to show how far the men who now justify and
sustain slavery have departed from the teachings
of their fathers. The reply to Lord Dunmnio's
proclamation will be found in the Ameiican State
Papers. It was addressed to the negro slaves in
Virginia, and it used this language:
•£Let them fuithcr consider what must he their fate
should the English prove conquerors, if wc can .judge of
the future from the past, it will not be much mended. Long
have the Americans, moved by compassion and actuated
by sound policy, endeavored to stop the progress of slavery.
Our assemblies have repeatedly parsed acts laying he,ivy
duties upon imported negtoes, by which they meant alto-
gether to prevent the horrid traffic. But their humane in-
tentions have been as often fiustiated by the cruelty and
covetousnoss of a set of English nu t chants, who prevailed
upon the king to repeal our kind and mercitul acts, little,
indeed, to the ciedit of his humanity. Can it, then, he
supposed tOnt negroes will be better used by the Knglish,
who have always encouraged ami upheld this slavety, than
by their present master, who pity theii condition; who wish
in genet al to make It a* easy and comfortable as possible;
and who would, wei e it in theirpower orwn c they ■permitted,
not only prevent any inorcncgi ocsjroni lo^in^thcirjicedom.
but restore it to suck as have u happily lost it !■'
Mr. President, remember this was a manifesto
issued in Virginia to the slaves to show them why
they ought not to join the English ;and in that very
manifesto they were toy that the English had al-
ways been their enemies; that the English had
insisted upon the continuance of the slave trade;
that the English could not better their condition;
but that they themselves had always pitied their
condition; had always opposed the slave trade,
and earnestly wished, as soon as the measure
could be effected, that those who were then held
as slaves should be made free. I have no doubt
that that was the language held out by nearly all
the great men of the Revolution. I have before
me an extract from a letter of Mr. Jefferson on
that subject. Loid Cornwallis, in the course of
the revolutionary war, occupied the plantation of
Mr. Jefferson and took some thirty of his slaves.
Mr. Jefferson said that ifithad been done for the
purpose of making them free it would have been
right; but that was not the purpose. 1 have no
doubt that if during our revolutionary war the
English lmd treated the negroes as they might
have done, if they had not been cut off by their
being tied to the loyalists of South Carolina, who
were large owners of slaves, if the negroes them-
selves lmd not been impressed with the convic-
tion that it was better for them to adhere to the
present mnsteis, who were kind and wished them
fieedom, the negroes would have thrown theii
weight into that contest probably at a doubtful
period, and might have changed the result. Itis
remarkable that the opinions then held by the
people of Virginia should be so changed that with in
less than a century the very descendants of those
men who promised their negroes freedom in the
Revolution should be supporting and sustaining
a government based solely on negro slavery,and
intended to perpetuate and extend it.
Mr. President, [ wish to show the action of the
different States 011 this subject, because my argu-
ment depends on the fact that at all times, in all
ages, by ourown countrymen as well as by others,
negroes have been employed 111 the military ser-
vice. If so, we, in this tenible war, entered upon
for the purpose of perpetuating the institution of
slavery, ouglitstiroly to be able and willing to arm
the negro slaves to secure their pwn freedom. I
find that slaves and negioes fought in the New
England States during the Revolution. 1 read an
extract from Bancroft's History of the United
States, volume seven, page 421:
" Nor should history foiget to record ihat as in the army
at Cambridge, so also in this gallant band"—•
That is, at the battle of Bunker Hill—
" the free negroes of the colony had their representatives.
For the right of free negroes to bear arms in the public de-
fense was, at that da\\ as little disputed in New England
as their other uehts. They took their place, not in a sep-
arate corps,but in the i auks, with the white man ; and their
mimes may be read on the pension rolls of the country, side
by sidewith those of oursoldieis of the Revolution."
There are many cases that I might cite. Salem,
who lulled Major Pitcairn at the battle of Banker
Hill, was a negro.
in Virginia, slaves were employed as substi-
tutes for white soldiers, and here is an act of the
General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, passed in 1783:
" An act duecting the ' mancipation of ceitam slaves who
have reived a« soMums in tins State, and for the emanci-
pation o| the slave Abeideen.
'•1. Whereas ilh.ith been teprescntcd to the present Gen-
eta! Assemb!} thai, duiing the eomse of the war, many
person- in this State lmd eati-ed their slaves to enlist in
ceitain regiment^ or coip-« rained within the same, having
tendeied such slaves to the oil'ieeis appointed to leeruit
loiees within the State, a^ sub-tit site- lot tree persons whose
lot or dtu> it was to seive hi such legimcnts 01 coips, at
the same tunc lepresenting to such recruiting officers that
the slaves, so enlisted by their direction and eoiiemience,
wcie freemen ; and it appealing fuithcr to this Assembly
that on the expuation of ihe term ol enlistment of such
slaves that the toimei owners have attempted again tofoice
tliem to return to a state ol servitude,eontuuy to the pun-
eipleh of justice and to their own solemn pioniise.
k<2. And wheieas it appears j M and leasotmble that all
persons enlisted as aforesaid, who have faithfully served
agteeable to the teims of their enlistment, and have thereby
of comse conn ibutedtowaid the establishment of Arneiican
liberty and independence, -hould enjoy the blessings of
fieedom as a lew.ud foi then toils and labors.*1 k
Ilere then it appeal s that the Legislature of Vir-
ginia emancipated all the slaves who had served
m the revolutionary Army, and there is a recital
that many cases of that kind had occurred where
slaves had served in the Army. Many other in-
stances ate cited in this connection where slaves
seived in Virginia, and were rewarded for their
services by their liberty. So in South Carolina,
one of the most interesting incidents of the war
was the earnest effort made by Colonel Laurens
to arm the negro population in the southern States
upon the promise of emancipation. The corte-
spondence between Colonel Laurens and George
Washington and Mr. Hamilton and Congress on
this subject is voluminous. I will read one or two
extracts to show the opinion of several distin-
guished revolutionary leaders as to the employ-
ment of slaves even in South Carolina, and to
show that they were defeated in that-project by
the very motive that now holds from u;> the ser-
vices of thousands of able-bodied men. Here is
a letter from Henry Laurens, dated March 16,
1779, to General Washington:
" Our affaiis in the southci n department are more favor-
able thnn we had eonsideied them a fVw days ago ; never-
theless the country is greatly distiessed. and will be more
so unless furthet reiniorcemenisate sent to itsrelief. Had
we arms for tlnee thou-and such black men as f could se-
lect in Caioliua, I should have no doubt or success in driv-
ing the British out of Geotgiaand subduing EastFloiida
befote the end of July."
That was his opinion, and George Washing-
ton replied to ihat:
"The policy of our arming slaves n, in my opinion, a
moot point unless the enemy set the example. For, should
we begin to form battalions of them, I have not, the small-
est. doubt, it the war is to be prosecuted, of their following
u< in it, and justifying the measure upon our own giound.
The contest then must be who can arm fastest. And where
are our aims?"
In a subsequent letter, General Washington
considered that the time had arrived when slaves
should be armed; but I read this now so that I
may show the correspondence fairly. A commit-
tee of Congress, consisting of Mr. Burke, Mr.
Laurens, Mr. Armstrong, Mr. Wilson, and Mr.
Dyer, appointed to take into consideration the
circumstances of the southern States, and the
ways and means for their safety and defense, on
the 29th of March, 1779, reported to Congress
this resolution:
(i Resolved, That it be lecommended to the States of South
Carolina and Georgia, if they shall think the same expedi-
ent, to take measures immediately for raising three thousand
able-bodied negroes.,5
General Lincoln, who was in command at
Charleston, m a letter to Governor Rutledge,
dated March 13, 1780, says:
" Give me leave to add once more that I think themeas-
uie of raising a black coips a necessaiy one ; that I have
gieat reason to believe if penni&sion is given for it that
many men would soon be obtained. I have repeatedly
urged this matter, not only bccause Congress have recom-
mended it, and because it thereby becomes my duty to at-
tempt to have it executed, but because my own mind sug-
gests the utility and importance of the measure, as the
safety of the town makes it necessaiy."
I find a letter from Mr. Madison, written No-
vember 20, 1780, to Joseph Jones:
u Yours of the 18th came yesterday. I am glad to find
the Legislature persist in their resolution to reciuit their
line of the aimy for the wai ; though, without deciding on
the expediency of the mode under their consideration,
would it not bo a? well to liberate and make soldiers at
once of the black? themselves as to make them instru-
ments for enlisting white soldieis?"
James Madison makes the very recommenda-
tion that we now propose—to free them first and
then enlist them afterwards, always connecting
the two ideas together. He says fmther:
" It would certainly be moie consonant with the piinei-
ples ot hbeity, which ought nevei to be lo*t sight of in a
contest tor Itbeity, and, with white officers and a mnjonfy
of white soldieis, no imaginable danger could be (catcd
fiotn themselves, as thete certainly could bo none fioin the
effect of the example on those who should icmain in bond-
age, expeuence havincrshown that a freedman immediately
loses all attachment alid sympathy with his loimer feilow-
slavc>.''
There is the idea held out distinctly that those
who were employed in service were to be eman-
cipated as the result of their employment. Here
is Colonel Laurens again, to show how persist-
ently he adhered to this idea of arming the negro
population of South Carolina, he being a native
of South Carolina, in a letter to Gfiieral Wash-
ington, dated May 17, 1782:
" The plan which brought me to this country was urged
with all the zeal which Ihe subject inspired, both in our
Privy Council and A^embly, but the single voice of reason
was drowned by the bowlings of a \ riple,-headed monster, in
winch piejudice, avance, and pusillanimity were united."
This is the indignant language used by Colonel
Lauicns:
" It was some degree of consolation to me. however, to
pciceive that truth and phdosophj htul gained some giound,
the suffrages in favorof thcmea-uie being twice a* numer-
ous as on a former occasion. Some hopes have been lately
given me from Geoigia, but I teat, when the question is
put, we shall be outvoted there with as much disparity as
we have been in this countiy."
Here is the reply of General Washington to
Colonel Laurens:
111 intHt confers that I am not at all astonished at the
failuie of your plan. That spirit of freedom which, at the
commencement of this contest, would havegladlvsauitked
everything to the attainment of its object, hns long since
subsided, and every selfish pa-sion lias taken its place. Jt
is not the public, hut puvate interest which influences tlx;
L'cneraliiy of mankind, mn can the Ameiic.ms any longer
boast an exception. Under these ciicuuistanc's it would
lather have been snipping ifyou had succeeded, nor will
you. I teat, have better success in Georgia."
Here General Washington, in reply to the in-
dignantlettcrof Colonel Laurens, especially com-
mends the undertaking, mid says he is not disap-
pointed that the efFoit had failed, because self-
interest, prejudice, and hate now had taken the
place of a manly love of liberty. I will show you
further that General Greene had this same subject
brought to his attention while in command of the
southern department. In a letter to Washington,
dated January 24, 1782, he said:
" I have recommended to this State to raise some black
regiment-. To fill upthe regiments with whites is imprac-
ticable, and to remfoieeiiicnts fiom the northward pro-
