mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1.
appropriated $15,000,000 to pay the claims of
other States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I speak j*tnci-
paily of thefirst.section of the bill.
Mr. COWAN. You are right about that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That has been examined
by the proper committee. Now,it is proposed to
-tack on to that claims that have not been so ex-
amined, claims that have ne'ith&r been examined
'by the proper Department nor by the proper
committee of this body. It seems to me this is
not right. I will vote for the claim of the State
of Pennsylvania alone and against the proposition
• of the Senator from Iowa; because if the claim of
the State of Pennsylvania is right it ought to be
paid.
Mr. HICKS. It appears to me that the cir-
cumstances of this case really make a strong point
in favor of this claim. It is a claim set up by in-
dividuals, not by the State of Pennsylvania. The
money has been furnished by private individuals.
' For whatpurpose? To meet ari emergency where
neither the State authorities nor private citizens
had twenty-four hours in which to do it. The
peculiarity of this claim, as very well set forth
fcy the honorable Senator from Indiana, it seems
to me, should strike the mind of every Senator.
These individuals magnanimously came forward
and offered their funds to enable Governor Cur-
tin, the worthy, able, and talented Executive of
Pennsylvania, and who i know was as active as
the Governor of any other State in doing all in
his power to repel that invasion by the southern
army, to meet that emergency. As the gentle-
man from Indiana very properly said, I am for
letting this claim stand upon its own merits en-
tirely disconnected from any other claims. I learn
from a member of the committee, and I have no
doubt that it is true, this claim has been properly
adjusted, the items are all shown, and therefore
the committee have reported in favor of it. Let
all other States, New Jersey, New York, Mis-
souri,and the rest present their claims,and when
they are properly adjusted and ascertained they
ought to be paid also; but i do not think they
should be attached to this bill.
Sir, if we stop to squabble over matters of this
sort during the fury of this rebellion and say we
will not pay individuals who have come forward
and patriotically offered not only their personal
services but their money to beat back the foe,
who was not only pressing his way into Penn-
sylvania, but would have gone to New Jersey and
New York, and how far we cannot tell if he had
not been driven back, how can we expect persons
hereafter to come forward, if a similar emergency
should again unfortunately arise, with the same
alacrity that they did on that occasion? I think
every encouragement should be held out to each
loyal State in this Union for the raising of all the
troops possible at the shortest notice and give
every facility that can be given to the Govern-
ment to meet such contingencies.
I hope that this claim may be considered upon
its own merits, and that each of the claims of the
other States will be considered upon its individual
merits. I think that all of these claims ought to
be paid at the proper time. It so happens that
Pennsylvania has presented hers before the other
States, fn my opinion, two or three are enough
to mount a horse, but if you cover him with men
from head to croup you break him down. So it
is in regard to the bill presented by the houorable
Senator from Pennsylvania. It is an honest, fair,
and legitimate claim, in my judgment, and there-
fore it ought to be paid. Then let New Jersey
bring in her clairri; let New York bring in hets,
and all the States that have furnished troops and
advanced money and contributed all m their power
to the breaking down-of this unholy rebellion. I
would not withhold a dollar that was propeily
due to any of these States, and I hope that in the
end they will all be paid.
Mr, SPRAGUE. Before the question is put
on the motion to postpone, I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment can only be received by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer it in compliance with
the resolutions of the Legislature of my State,
and I trust it will be received.
Mr. COWAN. I do no* understand what the
nature of it is. Is it an amendment to this bill ?
Mr. SPEAGUE. It is an amendment to the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro fempore, It willberead
for information.
The Secretary read the proposed amendment,
which was in section one, line ten,after the word
" States" to insert:
And for the pay of officers and men of the Rhode Island
volunteers from the date of commission and enrollment to
the date of muster into the United States service.
Mr. COWAN. I object, It is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it cannot be received at the present
time. The question is on the motion to postpone.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
Mr. COWAN. 1 have just a* word to say be-
fore the vote is taken. We have presented here a
claim on the part of the citizens of Pennsylvania
and corporations of that State for money laid out
and expended in defense of the Government and
upon the express agreement on the part of the
Executive of this nation that payment should be
made. I have only to say again to the Senate that
if the faith of the Government is lo be kept in that
way with individuals, not with States but with
individuals, then the Government must take the
consequences, and they will have to take the con-
sequences in Pennsylvania atthe coming election.
What has this claim got to do with a thousand
other claims of oilier gentlemen ? I have not said
a word against the justice of their claims; why,
then, should they desire like leeches to fasten
themselves upon this bill? The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] had upafew days ago a bill
for the purpose of paying his troops. I agreed to
it and voted for it. 1 did not attempt to saddle
it with thisclaimat thattime. Therefore I desire
tins motion to postpone to be voted down and
this bill to be considered here as it came into the
Senate, and if there are other claims let them be
provided for separately so that each may stand
upon its own bottom.
Mr, JOHNSON. I shall vote in favor of the
postponement for a reason which has not yet been
given, particularly as concerns the amount claimed
by the parties in Pennsylvania. I understand
this is not a claim made by the State; that these
advances were made by individual citizens or cor-
porations in the Stateof Pennsylvania, and were
made upon the faith of an express promise on
the part of the Executive Government that they
should be refunded. In the first place, so far as
that promise is concerned, the Executive Gov-
ernment should have sent a message to the Con-
gress of the United States requiring an appropri-
ation to meet those demands. I am not aware
that any such message has been sent.
Mr. COWAN. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will road a communication addressed
by the Secretary of War to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in the other
House, which is indorsed by the President:
War Departmknt,
Washington City, January -1, 1864.
Sir: The Department has this day received returns of
the amount icquired for the payment of the militia called
om for the defense of the State ol Pennsylvania on the 26th
of June, IBt?;?, against the invasion by the rebel forces un-
dei the command of General Lee. There being no appro-
priation out of winch these payments could be made at the
time they weie required, patriotic citizens ot Philadelphia
advanced the money, ami it is proper that they should be
reimbursed without delay. 1 would respectfully recom-
mend, therefoie, that an immediate appiopriation for that
purpose be made. Acopy of the letter of the Second Aud-
itoi of the Tic isury is herewith communicated. showing
the amount of chums audited by him to be $571,476 43 up
to date. It us supposed that$7U0,0UU will cover the amount
of the- e claims.
I have the honor to be, veiy respectfully, vours,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Sccictaryof TFar,
lion. Thaddeu.s Stevens, Chairman of the Committee oj
IVays and Means, House of Representatives.
This letter is indorsed by the President, as fol-
lows:
I fully indorse the within statement and recommenda-
tion, and bhall be glad if Congress see fit to act promptly in
the case. A. LINCOLN.
Fcbruaiy 11, 18G4.
Mr. johnson. I was not aware that there
was any such letter. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. DOOIilTTLE. I hope the bill will not be
postponed, but that we shall take the bill as ap-
plied to this particular case and act upon it and
appropriate $700,000, which is the amount recom-
mended in the letter of the Secretary of War to
meet this equitable engagement of the Govern-
ment. Although there was no law which author-
ized expressly the promise of the money, still it
is an equitable engagement growing out of the
necessities of the case which I think ought to be
met by the Government.. I hope we shall not
postpone the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust that the sense of
justice of the Senate will prevent any delay'as to
this particular measure. The peculiarity of the
case is well understood by the Senate. In a day,
at an instant, we may say, it was necessary to
place means for meeting the movement ofa large
army of the enemy through Maryland into Penn-
sylvania. These moneysare really due to private
citizens who are waiting now for their compen-
sation. They came forward voluntarily-to assist
the Government and the State of Pennsylvania by
furnishing immediate aid. The accounts have
been audited. There has been no case like this
in the history of the war, and I see no reason why
the matter should be postponed. The Senator
from Pennsylvania has been seeking the floor to
bring up this bill for a long period of time, but it
has been po-stponed for other business by the
month. The Senator from Pennsylvania has
yielded to other questions until we are now com-
ing to the latter part of the session,and if the bill
is to be acted upon at all it should be acted upon
now. This money should be paid. It is not as
if the State of Pennsylvania had taken tins re-
sponsibility on the instant herself by legislative
authoiity, but they took the responsibility from
the necessity of the moment. There is no ques-
tion as to the justice of the claim. What justice,
then, is there in delay ? I think it is due 10 the
Senator himself representing Pennsylvania who
has brought forwatd this measure, he having
been delayed so long by the consideration ot othor
business, to take up the matter and dispose of it
now.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yens 6, nays 27; a« follows:
YHAS—Gaines, Hums, Howe, Pomeroj, Sum-
ner, and Trumbull—6.
NAYS—Mc^si-. Anthony, Biown, Carhle,Cl:irk,f owan,
Davis, Uoolittie, Foot,Fo--t<jr, Hale, 11 :*ndei -on, riciuh.'-k-,
Hick-, Johnson, Lone of Indiana, Lane of K.ri-a-, ,Uc-
Dou?all, Morgan, Powell, Ramsey, Richard-on. Saul-bur v,'
Sherman, Spragufi,Ten E\ ek,Van Winkle, and Willoy—47,
ABSENT — Mes.-rs,. Uuckulew, Chandler, Colbu.irr,
Conner. Dixon, Fe^enden, Hartiintr, Harlan. fio'V.ud,
Morrill, Nesmtth, Riddle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson, and
Wnglu—16.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
The Presiding officer (Mr. pomeroy
in the chair.) The bill is open to amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I have an amendment pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands there is another amendment under con-
sideration upon which the yeas and nays have
been called—the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania to strike out "$700,000" and insert
"$1,200,000."
Mr. ANTHONY. I thought the understand-
ing was that it was to be confined to the oiiginal
purpose of the bill.
Mr. COWAN. Not as the bill is now amended.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I suggest to the Senator
fiom Pennsylvania to withdraw that amendment,
and allow the question to be tested in the Senate
whether anything else is to be put on this bill pro-
viding for the claims of these men in Pennsyl-
vania before the amount shall be fixed. '
Mr. COWAN. I thought the bill was in the
Senate.
The-PRESIDING OFFICER. It is still in
, Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COWAN. Then, with the consent of the
Senate, I will withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objection
being made, that amendment will be withdrawn.
The question now is on the amendment of the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Brown] to add the
following as a new section:
Jiml be it further enacted, That all sums paid out by any
State and all arrearages due to any militia troops employed
under the direction of any military commander or dep irt- .
ment commander in expressing hostilities or defending
the State from invasion shall be paid to said State upon
reudeilng proper vouchers therefor to the Tieasurv Depart-
ment; and the accounting ofliceis are directed to audit the
same and pay them out ot any money in the Trea^uiy not
otherwise appiopnated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUfS. I now offer the amendment
