2466
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
May 25,
so; I may vote with the Senator from Indiana ul-
timately; but I think it will be a great deal better
to adopt the amendments at present. Doing so
will not interfere with our regulating this section
as we may desire when we come into the Senate.
I think this is not the proper time to settle the
question, and we are merely losing time by under-
taking to settle it now. Unquestionably what-
ever we may determine now on this point will
be unsettled after we settle the other question
alluded to by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If that is -the view of a
Senator representing a western State, and who,
I suppose, sympathizes with the interests of that
section, and if, at this time, we are likely to lose
his vote on what I think a very important ques-
tion, I will, with the permission of the Senate,
withdraw my amendment, and let the matter take
the course that was suggested some time ago.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator's
amendment can be withdrawn only by unanimous
consent, as the yeas and nays have been ordered
upon it. Is there any objection to its being with-
drawn ? The Chair hears none. The amendment
to theamendment is withdrawn, and the question
now recurs on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next
branch of the amendment is in line nine of sec-
tion fifty-four, to stiike out " January 1, 18G5,"
and insert " October 1, 18G4, and prior to the 1st
dsuy of January, 1805."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "gal-
lon," in line twelve of section fifty-four, to in-
sert:
On mid after the 1st (lay of January, 18G5, a duty of $1 50
on each and every gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-five,
before the word " in," in line eight, to strike out
"that," and after the word " in" to strike out
"reducing the temperatures to the standard of
sixty, and in;" in line ten, to strike out "table
of comimMciiil values" mid inseit "tables;"' in
line sixteen, to strike out" and "and insert" until
'Othei wise ordered byafter" Treasury," inline
sixteen, to insert " who;" and after " regula-
tions," in line eighteen, to strike out " not incon-
sistent but corresponding with the standard and
value hereinbefore indicated;" so as to make the
section read:
Sec. 55. Jlnd be it fiat her cnacted, That the term fhst
proof used In this net ami in the laws ot the United ritate?
shall be eonsmied and hereby deelnred to mean that pi oof
of a liquor whieh eoi lespond-* to fiity devices of Trades's
centesimal hydiomefer,adopted by regulation o! theTreas-
ury Department, ol August l*i, 1k>0,at the temperature of
Sixty degiees ol lAthienheit's thermometer. And m lev\ing
duties on liquors above and below proof, the tables contain-
ed m the manual loi inspector ol spirits, picpaied by I'to-
fessor McCulloch, under the superintendence of Professor
Baehe, and adopted by the Treasury Department, shall be
used and taken as giving the propoi lions of absolute alcohol
in the liquids gauged and piovcd according to which duties
shall be levied until otherwise oidercd by the ^eeretaiv of
the Treasury, who is hereby authoiized to adopt such hy-
drometeis and pn-seiibe such uiles and regulations as he
may deem necessary to insure a umiotm system of inspec-
tion and gauging <d spiuts subject to duties liuoughout
the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seven of sec-
tion fifty-six, after the words "shall use" to
strike out " or intend to use."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of sec-
tion fifty-six, after the word "kept" to stiike
out "by him;" and in line eleven, after the
word "distilled" to stiike out " by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen of
section fifty-six, after the word "first" to stnke
out " tenth" and insert " eleventh," and in line
nineteen to strike out "twentieth" and insert
" twenty-first," and in line twenty to strike out
" a general" and insert " an;" so as to read:
And shall render to said assessor or assistant assessor,
jpn the 1st, 31th, and 2lst days of cach and eveiy month in
each ycar;o> within live day&Umroal'tei, an account in du-
plicate, &</.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was >n line thirty-three
of sec'ion fifty-six, before the woc*4 "accounts"
ip strike out "general."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines thirty-seven
and thirty-eight of section fifty-six, after the
word "duly" to strike out " certified to by the
assessor or assistant assessor" and insert " veri-
fied as aforesaid."
The amendment wjykagreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of section
fifty-six to add the following clause:
*3nd provided further, That brandy distilled from grapes
shall pay a tax of twenty-five cents per gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We intend in all cases to
change "tenth"and " twentieth" to "eleventh"
and " tweoty-first." I notice one place in sec-
tion fifty-six, the. proviso on page 62, where the
change is not reported. It is not particularly ma-
terial there perhaps; but I move to strike out
" tenth "and "twentieth" and insert " eleventh "
and " twenty-first," so as to compare with the
other provisions of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenext amendmentwasin section fifty-seven,
line two, to strike out after the word "every"
the word " assessment" and insert "collection;"
so as to read:
There shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury In every collection district where the same may be
necessary, one or more inspectors of spirits, refined coal
oil orothoroil, tobacco, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of the
same section after the word " inspected " to strike
out "or," and after "gauged" to insert "or
proved."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-eight,
line eleven, after " distiller" to insert " to the col-
lector, and a duplicate thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section fifty-eight,
line thirteen, after the word " be" to strike out
"assessed and;" so as to read:
An,d the duty imposed by law shall he paid onall spirits,
See.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to stiike out after
Che word" warehouse,"in line fourteen of section
fifty-eight, the woids " and the fees of such in-
spector shall in all cases be paid by the owner of
the spirits so inspected, gauged,and proved."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been conversing
with different members of the Senate who think
that on the whole it would be as well, perhaps,
while this bill is under consideration—at any rate
we can tty the experiment—to hold evening ses-
sions. A large poition of it is mere leading, and
if we can get a couple of hours in the evening we
shall get over a good deal of space. The session
is getting to be late; and if we sit only m the day
ttme for bills of this kind, it will be no very easy
matter to judge when we shall got through. 1
therefore move that at half past four o'clock this
afternoon the Senate take a recess until seven
o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. May I not suggest to the
Senator whether on the whole it would not be
better to begin lo-motrow, and merely give notice
now ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. - I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Senators may have engage-
j meats for this evening, not knowing that it was
proposed to hold an evening session. I happen
to have made an engagement for this evening;
but of course 1 must abandon it if it be neces-
sary for me to be here.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If Senators prefer, I will
content myself now with giving notice that to-
morrow I bhall move to take a recess from half
past four until seven o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 suggest to the Senator to
begin the reccss at four o'clock instead of half
past four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. From half past four to
seven gives two hours and a half, which I think
is enough.
Mr. RAMSEY. But I propose to take a re-
cees at four and commence again at six.
Mr. ANTHONY. What is the objection to
beginning to-day?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection is that
some members of the Senate, not having antici-
pated it, have made engagements for this evening,
who would prefer to be here while the bill is be-
ing considered. I therefore give notice that I
shall make the motion to-morrow; but if gentle-
men insist upon it I am willing to make it to-day.
Perhaps,however, it is better to give a day's no-
tice; and I now give notice that to-morrow I shall
ask that the Senate take a recess from half past
four to sevefa o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion may as well
be made to-day, to take effect to-morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion can be made
to-morrow.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in section fifty-nine, line three, after
the word " warehouse" to strike out "of iron,
stone, or brick, with metal or other fire-proof roof*
and such warehouse," and to insert " established
in conformity with such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may prescribe;" so that the
clause will read:
That the owner or owners of any distillery or oilrefinefy
may provide, at his or their own expense, a warehouse es-
tablished in conformity with such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out section
sixty and to insert a substitute for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very long sec-
tion. The Senate can do as it pleases abouthav-
mgitread. I will simply state that the new sec-
tion which is drafted instead of it is drafted with
a view to put the same provisions in a shorter
and more compact and more intelligent compass,
and it has been very carefully examined.
Mr. GRIMES. Read the amendment only.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
Unless some Senator requests it, the reading of
the sixtieth section of the bill as itcame from the
House of Representatives will be dispensed with,
and only the amendment proposed in lieu of it
will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted in lieu of the sixtieth section of the House
bill, as follows:
That all distilled spirits and all refined coal oil and naph-
tha, upon which an excise duty is imposed by law, may,
alter being inspected, gauged, proved, and nuuked by the
in«pectoi according to the provisions ot this act, be removed,
without payment of the duty, under such lules and regu-
lations, and upon the execution of such tiansportauon
bonds or other security as the Secretary of the Treasury
may pre&cribe. The said spirits, oil, or naphtha so le-
moved shall be transferred directly fioni the distillery or
refinery to a bonded warehouse established in conformity
with law and Tiea&my regulations, and may be trans-
ported trom such warehouse to any other bonded ware-
house used for the storage of distilled spirits, coal oil, or
naphtha. And alter the arrival of such distilled spirits,
coal oil, or naphtha at the bonded waiehouses within the
district of the assessor to which it has been transferred, it
shall be again inspected, and the duty shall be assessed
and paid on any deficiency or reduction of the number of
proof gallons beyond such allowance for leakage as maybe
established by the regulations yl' the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, received at the warehouse, fioin the num-
ber of proof gallon-- as stated in the bond given at the place
of shipment. And any distilled spuits, coal oil, or naphtha
in the public warehouses shall be subject to the same rules
and regulations, and be chaigcablt: with the same costs and
expenses in nil icspoeN to which imported goods deposited
in public stoie or bonded waiehouse may be subject; and
shall be m charge of a proper officer to be designated by
the Secrerary ot the Trea&uiy, who, with the owner and
pioprietor of the warehouse, shall have the joint custody
of all the distilled spirits, oil, or naphtha so stored in said
warehouse, which shall be at the risk of the owner of the
said spirit^, oil, oi naphtha. And all labor on the same
shall be peifotmed by the owner orproprietor of the waie-
house, under the supervision ot the officer in charge ot the
same, and at the expense ofsaid owner or proprietor of the
waiehouse. And no drawback shall in any case be al-
lowed on any distilled spirits, coal oil, or naphtha upon
which an excise duty shall have been paid, either before
or after it shall have been placed in a bonded warehouse:
Provided, That any distilled spmts, eoai oil, or naphtha
may be withdrawn from the bonded warehouse after pay-
ment to the collector of the duty imposed by law, or may
he removed without payment of the duty for the purpose ot
being exported, or for the purpose of being redistilled for
export, after the quantity and proof of the spirits, oil, or
naphtha to be removed has been ascertained and inspected
according to the provisions of law, under such rules and
legulations and the execution ot such bond or other se-
cuuty as the Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe. And
any spirits, oil, or naphtha so removed for distillation shall
be returned to the warehouse and shall be again inspected
and the duty shall be paid to the said collector or any de-
ficiency or reduction beyond the allowance for los- by re-
distillation established by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, in the number of pioot gallons received at the
warehouse for the purpose ot being exported as aforesaid.
And nothing in this section shall be construed to pievent
the manufacture for exportation, without pajrnent ot duty,
of medicines, preparations, compositions, perfume."}', cos-
metics, cordials, and other liquors manufactuied wholly
or in part of domestic spirits, as piovtded for in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
