3442
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
postpone them to another flay. I>t them all
stand together, or let thorn all fall together.
Mr. COWAN. I have said repeatedly that I
am in favor of the payment of all thi-se troops in
the proper way and proper manner; but \ am ad-
monished by gentlemen who are friendly to the
passage of the'bill which provides expressly for
the claim I have in charge, that I ought not to al-
low it to be loaded with these amendments which
'will eventually end in the defeat of the whole.
What right, 1 would ask, has the honorable Sen-
ator from New Jersey, who does not desire the
passage of the bill now, toincumber my bill which
' 1 do "desire to hav& passed now with an amend-
ment providing for his'State? There is nothing
to prevent him from bringing in a bill to reimburse
his State at the next session if he thinks the
finances of the country are not in such a condition
as will enable it to pay that State or any other
•State now. I am only desirous of inking care of
that which is committed to my charge. God
knows \ do not want to pirvent the payment of
the claim of anybody else; but I do not want mtne
to be swallowed up in thia vortex of numberless
cases which seem to be clustering around this bill
in order to attach themselves to it. I hope, there-
fore, that my proposition will be kept clear and
distinct, and let the others stand upon their own
merits as [ have no doubt, if they have merit,
they will stand.
Mi*. SPRAGUE. , I offered this amendment
in compliance with a lesolution of the Legis-
lature of the Slate which I have the honor in
part to repi cgent, and 1 think it is more just than
the claim which the Senator from Pennsylvania
advocates. Rhode Island lias endeavored to find
out the officers and men who have these claims
against the Government; hut there are a large
number of these officers and men now in the ser-
vice who are yet unpaid and who cannot be paid
by any law now upon our statute-book. There
were several regiments in the early part of this
contest that were organized a month or two
months before they wet e mustered into the service
of the United States; hut they were constantly un-
der the orders of the United States authorities and
submitted to their legulations in every respect.
Many of those men and many of those officers
have not yet been paid on account of the regula-
tions of the Department.
This is a clam) in behalf of the soldiers and
of the officers in part, and also in behalf of the
amount which the State has advanced, which, so
far as my State is concerned, is very small; but
it is a just claim in winch every State has an in-
terest. if this is not deemed sufficient, the amend-
ment should provide for the officers and men of
all States that stand in the same relation. 1 trust
the amendment will be adopted. It is a just one,
it is a proper one, and appropriate to this bill.
The State of Pennsylvania has no right to de-
mand ,the exclusive £ime and attention of the
Senate on n bill of this kind when other States
huvo as good claims, and especially when they
stand np here in defense of the soldieis and offi-
cers who are serving the country. 1 do not be-
lieve in that .sort of doctrine.
Mr. IJIOIvS. i think there is but very little
difl'eience between Seriatoia here in regard to the
principle involved in the consideiation of this
subject, It is the misfortune, perhaps, of the
States which ate equally entitled to compensation
with Pennsylvania that they have not as yet pre-
pared their claims properly. 1 understand some
of them have been. Whether they have been
brought to the notice of the Senate or not I am
not prepaied to say. 1 have no other interest in
this matter than that common interest which be-
longs to all of us to see justice done. I believe
all of these claims ought to be paid, and as each
State presents its chum I shall vote cheerfully
every dollar that is due, not only to a State gov-
ernment, but to individuals and officers and sol-
diers.
I am puiticulnrly anxious upon this subject for
the reason that we may again, and how soon we
cannot tell, be driven to the same necessity of
raising men as they were in Maryland, Penn-
sylvania, and New Jersey and New York; for
1 do not think there is a great deal of difference
between the four States, as i have no doubt that
General Lee with his forces would have gone
into those States if he had not been repulsed and
driven back at Gettysburg.
As I before remarked, I.am exceedingly anxious
that this claim should be paid. This bill has been
passed by the House of Representatives; it has
been submitted to a committee here for examina-
tion and favorably reported upon; and I am anx-
ious that it should stand upon its own merits, as
should the claim of each individual State. I know
the hurried manner in which these troops were
called forth, arising from the necessity of raising
a force sufficient to repel the madmen who were
coming with a hundred thousand men into Ma-
ryland and Pennsylvania to destroy property and
life. Suppose a like emergency were to happen
next week or next month, and you refuse to meet
these fair and legitimate demands upon the Gov-
ernment, could you expect the people to turn out
with th<i same alacrity that they did on that occa-
sion? Shalt we refuse to pay anything toward
the raising and subsisting of those troops? Not
only has the Secretary of War, who I dare say
understands this whole subject, advised this pay-
ment, but it is also indorsed by the President of
the United States. If Pennsylvania is to be shut
down upon in this way what will become of other
States in the event of a repetition of this inva-
sion?
1 think it would be better to strike out of this
bill all the amendments that have been made to it
and pay Pennsylvania her fair claim, as I con-
siderit. I lukeitforgrarited that it is a fair claim,
though 1 have never examined the papers, be-
cause it comes from a committee of this body. A
fair claim has been presented by Pennsylvania.
Let each State hereafter present its claim and I
am suie the Senate will pass all those claims, as
1 think they ought now to pass this bill for Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be l.tid aside informally to receive a message from
the House of Representatives.
MK Sri AGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 315) in relation to the sale of res-
ervations of the public lands; and
A joint resolution (No. 07) for the relief of
Thomas J\ Galbraith.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate'(No. 246) for the relief of seamen and others,
not officers, borne on the books of vessels wrecked
or lost in the naval service, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
The message further announced that th<? House
of Repiesentatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 154) to pro-
vide for the better oignnization of the quarter-
master's department.
The message also returned to the Senate, agree-
ably to its request, the bill of the House (No.
519) further to regulate and provide for the en-
rolling and calling out of the national forces, and
for other purposes, with the amendments of the
Senate thereto.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had caused the error in the en-
grossment of its amendments to the bill of the
Senate (No. 151) relating to enlistments,and for
other purposes, to be corrected, and returned the
bill and amendments to the Senate.
quartermaster's department.
Mr. WILSON. With the permission of the
Senator fiorn Pennsylvania,! desire to submit a
report from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
wiM receive the report, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Uouses on the bill (S. No. lo4) to piovide for
the bettei or^oiu-itum ol the quartermaster's aepaitmcnt,
having met, alter full and free confeience have agreed to
leeommend and do recommend to their respective Houses
us follows:
That the House recede from its fitst amendment to the
bill.
That the Senate agree to all the amendments of the
Hou^e afiei the haul ih>t amendment, except ihe thirty-
fust amendment.
That the Senate agree to the thirty-fust amendment of
the iiou^c with the following umewlmont, to wit* strike
outallafter the word "-department" in line eighteen, down
to and including the wotd " gcn«ial" m line uvunty-tlnoe
of said amendment; and also .strike out all after the word
" that" in line thnty-six, down to and including the word
" department" in line thirty-ciiilit of tile said amendment>
andilu: House agree to the said thirty first amendment a*
amended. * IlENllY WILSON,
LYMAN TItOM BULL,
h. W. POWELL.,
JManagers on the part of the Senate.
EOliERT O. SCHENCIC,
ELIJAH WARD,
Managers oil the part of the House.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have action
on the report at once.
The report was concurred in.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion which I will ask to have printed, and 1 will
call it up when the Senator from Rhode Island
calls up the bill in regard to the Congressional
Globe. I ask that the resolution be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. If it is the intention of the
Senate to dispose of the question of the Congres-
sional Globe at this session we have but very little
time to lose about it. I was aware thatthere was
some objection to the bill as it was oftered,and I
have not pressed it for that reason.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Senator
from Rhode Island or any member of the Senate
will object to my resolution as a substitute for the
proposition before the Senate in regard to the
Globe.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 desire to have the reso-
lution read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion will be read, if there be no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 supposed that these proceedings
were by general consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They are by
unanimous consent, and will not displace the order
of the day.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolocd, That the Superintendent of Public Pi inting be
directed to ascertain the aettial cost of reporting the pro-
ceedings of Congress, and of the publication ot the reports
as they now appear in tile Daily and Congressional Globe.
Also, what would be the cost of the publication of repiirts
of the congressional debates if published undei the direction
of the Superintendent of Public Printing. AL-.0, what ar-
rangements, it any, could be made Willi the heir* oi the
late John C. Rives for tile purchase of the materials and
the purchase or rent of the buildings used in tiie publica-
tion of tile Congressional Globe. AKo, what sum, it any,
ought in equity to be allowed to said heirs for the publica-
tion of the Globe during the present session and until Con-
gress shall determine whether to extend or change the pub
Ileal ion of the Globe. Also, that the Superintendent of
Public Printing communicate tins information to the Sen-
ate at its next session, with any other facts on the report-
ing and publication of congressional debates that he can
obtain.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senate will perceive
that this resolution, which is very proper, looks
to the next session entirely, and of course it will
be impossible for the information to be furnished
in time to act upon the bill that is now before the
Senate. I have received communications, written
and veidSal, from the publishers of the Globe, in
which they state that unless the bill now before
Congress, or something like it, passes, they will
not be able to to continue the publication for
another session. I desiie, therefore, to take the
sense of the Senate upon the question whether
the Senate is disposed to pass the bill that has
been reported, or to amend it by providing for a
smaller compensation, or whether they will pass
this resolution and postpone the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that the resolution is not before the Sen-
ate to be considered. It has been ordered to be
printed, and was read merely for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to call up the
resolution until the Senator is ready and desires
to call up that bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. In order to test the sense
of the Senate I will move 
Mr. COWAN. I hope the Senator will not
make his motion now. I yielded merely tor a
moment for a message from the' House and a
report of a committee of conference, and I sup-
posed that we should return at oftce to the regu-
lar order of the day.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I give notice that at
the earliest moment I shall move to take up the
bill in regard to the Congressional Globe.
