1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLORE.
8443
EXPENSES OF PENNSYLVANIA MILITIA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. It. No. 317) to reimburse the State of
Pennsylvania for expenses in calling out the mili-
tia of said State during; the recent invasion.
Mr. COWAN. I believe the pending question
is on concurring in one of the several amend-
ments which have been adopted to the first sec-
tion of the bill. I hope it will be rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment in line ten of
the first section, after the word "States" to in-
sert:
And for the pay of officers and men of the Rhode Island,
Illinois, and Kansas volunteers Iron) the date of commis-
sion and enrollment to the date of mustei into the 4Jiuled
States service.
Mr. SPRAGUE. On that question I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COWAN. 1 wish to state at this time
that I understand my colleague [Mr. Buckalew]
is detained in his room by sickness to-day. That
will account for his absence.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Conness,
Davis, Giiuiess, Hani-*, Hendei&on, Howe, Laneol Kansas,
Morgan. Pomerov, Richardson, Sprague, {Sunnier, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—ID.
NAYS—Messrs. Cailile, Cowan, Doolittie, Foot, Hale,
Ilondi ick-s, Hides, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, MeDougall,
NoMnnh. Powell, Saul.-buiy, Sherman, Van Winkle/and
Wilky—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Collamer, Dixon,
Fesseuden. Foster, Harding, Harlan, liovvaid, Morrill, Ram-
sey, Jtiddle, Ten Eyck, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggested when the bill
was in Committee of the Whole that a vote might
be taken in the Senate on concurring in one of
these amendments to test the question whetherall
these things were to be put on this lull and load
it down or not. I look upon the vote just taken
as a test vote on that question. I voted against
the postponement of the bill before when we were
in committee; but I cannot now vote for it with all
these indefinite claims put upon it. As I under-
stand by these'amendments we will have to pay
four or five million dollars in Ohio, four or five
million in Missouri, and how many million m
Rhpde island and elsewhere I do not know. It
j i r.o indeiinite and so large in us amount that I
think it would be very dangero.u& legislation at
this time when we cannot go into an examination
and consideration of the subject. I am opposed
to this practice of log-rolling everything together,
on principle. I must therefore say that 1 am
now prepared to vote for the postponement of
this measuie until the next session of Congiess,
and i will make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. You had better move to
refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then will it go over to
the next session ?
Mr. COWAN. If it is sent to a committee,
it should be to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is immaterial to me, if
the effect of the motion will be to send tire mat-
ter over to the next session. I will move that it
be recommitted to the Committee on Finance, and
then it. will go over to the next session as a matter
of course.
Mr. BROWN. I ask, if it is to be recommit-
ted, that it be recommitted with the amendments
which have been adopted in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Of course the amend-
ments will go with the bill.
Mr. BROWN. But I am not in favor of re-
committing it. I am for passing it now with the
amendments that have been made to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I stand precisely where
the Senator from Wisconsin does, i cannot vole
for a bill appropriating at this time such u sum of
money, although the presumption may be that
many of these claims are right. We do not know
that they are right, and we ought not to appro-
priate huge sums of money withoutknowing that.
It is impossible for the bill to pass burdened with '
such amendments. The fact that Pennsylvania ;
was the seat ot this invasion is not a cncumstance
against her, but is a cncumstance in hei favor.
Sin has pot only incuiml expends, butshehus
boti.e ib<- liistu-i. is th«t necessarily attend such
a lai^o mihuuy movement. I appeal to some
Senator who voted for the amendment that has
just been concurred in to move a reconsideration
in order that we may do what is right in this mat-
ter. It is not right to bury a bill in this way
when evei ybody admits that it is proper and justf
Mr. DAVIS. 1 am glad the Senator has made
amotion to reconsider.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I cannot. I voted the
other way.
*Mr, DAYIS. Then I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote adopting the
amendment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, in order that the claim of Pennsylvania
may be considered exclusively and be acted upon
by itself. I am willing to forego the little amend-
ment that I offered with a view to have the single
question upon the claim of Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to recommit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am willing to withdraw
that ^notion if on this motion to leconsider we
can have a test vote of the Senatevon the question.
With the leave of the Senator from Kentucky,
however, I will suggest that by unanimous con-
sent the vote concurring in the amendment of the
Senator fiom Rhode Island be reconsidered, and
then we can take the vote again directly on the
question whether we will concur in the amend-
ment with the understanding that it is to be a test
vote.
Mr. BROWN. I object to that.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then let us take it on the
question of reconsideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate concurted in the amendment of the
Senatoi from Rhode Island.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to say a word
upon that question if I can get the attention of
tin* Senate, and especially of tiie Senator from
Wisconsin.
This is a House bill. The first section pro-
vides for the payment of certain individuals and
institutions of the State of Pennsylvania to pay
the volunteers that were laised in that State to
lepel tiie invasion of the icbels into the State.
The second section of the bill was adopted to pay
similar claims of other States. That section is
in these words:
That to del'inv the expense* incurred in raisins*, equip-
ping, tian-poitnis, mid pa\ inn tlu* minute-men, niiiitta, and
volunteer vailed out ami in actual >eivice ot the United
ritatt s, whether legul.uly mu^too'd hi oi not, m n-pcMing
lehel faids and invasions, of tiie Stales ot Peiin^ylvaniaand
Maryland, and tin"4 othei loyal Siate> .uul Teititoue-. the
sum ot ,v>lf),uut).0u0 L-hetcln app>optiated, onto! any money
in llieTuu-uiy not otherwise .ipptopi tilted, .-=aid expenses
to he sealed upon piopt'i vouchee lo he hied in the pioper
olfiec< in the TieuMny, and p.i--cd upon hy tiie Second
Auditoi.
When the bill came into the Senate the second
section of the lull wu.-s stricken out on the motion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, thus exclud-
ing every State except Pennsylvania. How isil
that Pennsylvania has become so far ahead of
every other State that every other State must be
neglected in the Senate: upon a House bill provid-
ing for other States? What especial and peculiar
merit is there in these Pennsylvania claims ovei
and above the claims from Missouri ? If this was
a bill to pay Pennsylvania and had originally
passed the House of Representatives in that
shape, and no other Slate had been connected
with it, I would he in favor of letting it pass with-
out adding any amendment to Jt; but let it be rc-
membuud that the section providing for other
Suites lias been stticken out of the bill by the
Senate; anil now the Senator from Pennsylvania
says, '* Do not put anv amendment upon tins bill
that will pt event Pennsylvania from being paid/'
Mr. COWAN. I will ask the Senator from
Missouu why he did not prevent the second sec-
tion fiom being srueken out. It is most extra-
oidmaiy that gentlemen, after having voted to
strike out the second section, will qome in with
little amendments to be hitched on to the first
section.
Mr. HENDERSON. I can state to the Sena-
tor that lor the last thiee weeks I have been on a
bed of sickness, and was not here when the sec-
tion was sti icken out. 1 hope that will be a suf-
ficient answer. I was not able to be here, oi else
it never would have been stricken out entirely
with my consent. I would have amended it as
my colleague has amended it. I fhink that is
proper. I would make no appropriation of
$15,000,000.
The Senator from Wisconsin is Very much
mistaken when he supposes there is a large ap-
propriation in this bill. It does not now appro-
priate, with all the amendments that have been
made to it, one third the amount it appropriated
as it originally came to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives. Why, sir, what is the amendment
that has been adopted by the Senate to the -first
section of this bill? Let us recyr to it and see
what it is. I dare say one or two hundred thou-
sand dollars will pay every dollar that is contained
in the amendment adopted to the firstsection. If
Senators will examine it they will see that this
amendment has been adopted in line ten:
And for the pay of officeis and men of the Rhode Island,
Illinois,and Kansas volunteers from tho date of commis-
sion and emollmctu to the date of master into the service
of the dinted States.
Why, sir, that was but for a very short time,
as 1 understand, in Rhode Island, and in the other
two States mentioned no men were ever raised to
repel the invasion of Pennsylvania. If gentlemen
have inserted the amendment there in language
that will exclude their troops it is none of, my
business, and other Senators ought not to object
to it. What is the first section ?
That to leimburse the institutions and individuals who
advanced the money to pay the Pennsylvania sojdiehs who
wne called out by the proclamation of thePicsidentof the
United States and the Goveriffir of Pennsylvania to rc'pel
the invasion of Maryland and Pennsylvania by the rebel
forces under Gcneiul Lee in the summer of" J 863, <iud who
weie in actual seivico of the United States—
And then comes in the amendment-
ami for the pny of otVu-eis and men of the Rhode Island,
Illinois, and Kau-as volunteers fiom the date of commis-
sion and rmolhnent to the date of mur-lei into the United
States seiviee.
Why, Mr. Piesident, there were no troops
called out in Kansas and Illinois to repel invasion
in Pennsylvania. There were some, I under-
stand, called out in Rhode Island; but this pro-
vision only provides for their payment from the
date of their muster into the State service to their
muster into the United States service. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island can tell how long that
was; I really do not know. It certainly was but
a verjPshort time, and it will only apply to the
Rhode Island troops.
I think it is very unjust, indeed, to strike out
this second section, and then claim that this bill
was gotten up for the benefit of Pennsylvania.
There is not a word of truth in it. The bill was
gotten up in the lower House for the benefit of all
the States that had raised troops for such emer-
gencies. It comes into this body, and the.second
section is stricken cfut, and then it is claimed to
be a bill especially for Pennsylvania.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter is occupying
a gieat deal of time, and as it is not probable that
we can come to a conclusion upon it very soon, I
will move that it be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Finance,and in connection with it that this
resolution be passed- 
M r. H ENDEKSON. f presume the Senator can
hardly make that motion while I am on the floor.
Mr.SEIERMAN. I thoughtyou were through.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly not. I do not
intend to spend the time of the Senate, but I have
a little -feeling about this matter, because I have
seen in the last two days an order calling out the
mihtiaof my State. This bill is the proper place
in which to provide for the payment of those mi-
litia. Let it go on this' bill. The House ap-
propriated $15,000,000 to defray such expenses.
If the House could vote an appropilation of
§15,000,000, and this bill goes back there with an
amendment appropriating not exceeding three or
four million dollars, why can they not pass it?
What objection can they have to it? If they could
vote an appropriation of $15,000,000 and send it
here, can they not agree to our amendments re-
ducing the appropriation to aboutfive million dol-
lai s5
But my especial reason in asking for this thing
is this: I am not so particular about having the
expenses heretofore incurred by my State paid;
but if our people are again to be called out this
summer, and every man capable of bearing arms
taken from his farm, as will be the case, I say
this Congress ought to make some arrangement
for paying those men. Sir, you have made none.
General Rosecrans, the department commander,
has called our people to arms again. The State
