2468-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
The next amendment was to insert in seetipn
Eixty-three, line twenty-eight, after the word
" liquors" the words " in bottles;"m line twenty-
nine, after " dollar" to insert " and fifty cents;"
and after "thirty" to insert "one;" so as to
read:
Provided farther, That beer, lager beer, ale, porter, and
other simiiar fermented liquors in bottle-*, shall be assessed,
according to the quantity contained therein, at the rate of
$1 50 tor thirty-one gallons.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend it by making
".fifty" " twenty-five" to correspond with the
other amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section sixty-five
after the word " affirmation" to strike out "to
be taken at; aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
• The next amendment was to insert after the
word "assessor," in the eighth line of section
. sixty-five," or officer administering the same."
The amendment v/a* agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty of
section sixty-seven, to strike out " been notified
to" and insert "come to the knowledge of;" and
after "collector," in line twenty-seven, to strike
out " as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
word " duplicate"«hefore "account" in hne live
of section sixty-eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
one, hue two, to strike out " desiring"and insert
" required by this act to."
The amendment was agreed,to.
The next amendment was to insert the word
"value" after "rental" in hne fifteen of section
seventy-one ;nnd in line sixteen to strike out "or"
befote " if."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "trade"
in line twenty-two of .section sevnfy-one to strike
out " or occupation, which licun." .•.hall continue
in force for one eenr, at the phtee or pieniiM-H do-
se i ibed iherein," and to insert. " business or pro-
fession."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in .;"Cfion seventy-
two, to strike out the word " or" before " busi-
ness," in line two; after " busmen" to insert
" or profession or do any act;" stnke out " or"
after "exercising," in line four; after " on," in
line foui, inset t " oi doing;" sli ike out " oi," in
line five, before "business," and after "busi-
ness " insert "or profession," nfier "offense,"
in line .seven, alnke out " u-speciively at the dis-
cretion of the court" anil insert " besides hems?
liable to the payment of the tax-," .strike out" of"
after " line'"* in line ten, and insert " not exceed-
ing;" so as to ni'ike the section read:
•Sue. 72. Jh\d be it /u  (her enacted, yii.it ii anv person or
ptM.-unr5.sh.Jli exeicHcoi e;ui\ on any liade, hu-aue;^, or
profession, i)i do any act lit remalicr mentioned, loi the v\-
erci'dng, eairymg on, oi doiii? of which trade, biistnr* <, oi
pioi'ev>ion n license is requited byiln-* act, without taking
out Mich license a« ni thai behah icqiiired, h \ rhe,oi Uiey
shall, foreveiv such o|p>tise, Iv-ide.- being liable to the |>:i\ -
ment of tile Int. lie subject to itnpiisonmenf !oi a tciin
not exceeding two veai-, oi a fine not exceeding .^">00, i r
r,oth, one moiety ot Mich tine t<> the u<e of ihe L'niu d Slates,
the othei moiety to the use of the petson who .-.hali fust
give Inforniation of the tact whereby said lurtuiuire wa.s
inclined.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in section seve^y-
three, to strike out the word " or" before " busi-
ness" iii line three, and after " business" to in-
sert "or profession;" in line four to fcUike out
"true" before "name;" in line seventeen t<>
strike out "or" befoie "business," and after
"business" to insert "or profession;" in line
twenty-three to strike out " their principal" and
insert " the" before " place;" and in line twenty-
lour to stnke out " of business" and insert " of
production or manufacture."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amend meat was after the word " man-
ufacture," in the amendment hist adopted, to
insert:
And every person exercising or carrying on any trade
business, oi profession, oi 'ionig any act for which a li-
cense ia required, •shall, on demand ot any officer of inter-
nal revenue, produce such license, and unless he shall do
so may be taken and deemed to have no license.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the thirty-fourth
and thirty-fifth lines of section seventy-three, to
strike out the words " it was issued" and insert
" the liability therefor accrued."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
four, lines four and five, to strike out" he, she,
or they were authorized by such license to exer-
cise or carry on;"and after the word " license,"
in line six, to insert " was authorized."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seven and
eight of section seventy-four, to strike out "as-
sessor or assistant assessor" and insert "col-
lector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-two
and twenty-three ofscction seventy-four, to strike
out the words " to htm, her, or them, in that be-
half granted."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" thereof, "in line twenty-seven of section seven-
ay-four, to strike out " upon the payment to the
assistant assessor of a fee of twenty-five cents."
The amendment was agteed to.
The next amendment was to s11 ike out the
words " insurance agents" in hne nine of section
seventy-five.
The amendment way agreed to.
The next amendment was in section sevunty-
six, line five, to strike out " nor" and insert " or
by v h tue of said I icon He;" to strike out " if" bo-
foie "any" in line six; after "any" to strike
out" such person"and insert " auctioneer who;"
to strike out "such" before "goods" in line
seven; after " commodities," in hne .seven, to
strike out " as aforesaid;" to sti ike out " such "
before "license" in line nine and msoit "a;"
and after " license" to mi ike out "as aforesaid ;"
befoi e t he woi d " shall," in line ti-n, to sti ike out
"he or .she," after "penalty," in line ten, to
stnlce out "in that behalf;" alter "license," m
line thirteen, to stnke out "to him or her be-
foie;" to stnke out in lines fifteen, sixteen, seven-
teen, and eighteen *' or selling any goods or chat-
tels, lands, tenements, or here dit amen Is at auction,
anything herein contained to the contrary not-
withstanding: Provided alwutjiy That,"and insert
the word "and;" alter " commodities," in line
eighteen, to si like out " as afoiesaidafter " auc-
tioneer," in line twenty-four, to strike out " or
selling any goods or chattels, lands, tenements,
or hereditaments by auction as afoiesaid," after
"commodities," in line twenty-seven, to strike
out " as aforesdid;" and in lino twenty-eight to
stiike out "and upon his, her, or their entered"
and instrt "at auction m said;" so as to make
the section lead:
See. 7G. .iud be U finther evaded, That no auctioneer
shall be autlioi e/.t'd, b\ witue of his license such aue-
tifiiuM-!, to employ aii> othei pei-on to act i\< auetumeei m
Ins behalf, except in his own suue or waichou.se, or in hid
piesenee ; oi b) virtue o! .-aid licence to sell any goods or
othei property at pnv.Ue t.ah; ; ami anv auctioneer who
shall .-ell any ;jood - or commodities othei u than by auc-
tion, u ithout having taken out a license lot that [impose,
shall he Mibjt ct and liable to tue punaltj imposed upon per-
sons dealing in, or leiaihnu:, trading, or -elhng any smli
goodsoi commodities without licence, notwithstanding any
license granrvd. ay alore^tid, loi the pmpose ot   xcrcMng
oi ciiiiwni; on the trade or bibiin'M ot an auctioneer;
and whete .such goods oi commodities aie the pioperty of
anv [).'rM>n or persons duly licensed to deal in, or ietail,
oi trade in, or tell the suae, Mich peison or p< i>ons hav-
ing made lawful entry ol In-. Jiei, oi their house (>\ prem-
ies tor such puiposo, it >hali ami in.tv he lawful for any
person exeiciMng or caiiyinir on the trade or business of
an uuetionc'Tj Ix ma duly 11< cu. co lot thai put po.-*e, to sell
i ^ueh uood*« oi eommnihue* fm „iiii on behalf oft-ascli per-
Mm oi pci.'ons, and at auction in -aid l.ou-e or piemisei*,
without Takmir out a se[iaiate license tor -ueh sale. The
p i o \" i s j i > 11 s (it tins '-.•ct ion shall not apj)I> to judicial orovee
utive ollicefs makn.u'auction .-alet-by wituc of any judg-
ment oi (i.'ciee of .my eouit, noi pui)"iic fcalc** made b) c\-
eciitoi.- and admnmstiaroK-.
The amendment was agieed to.
The next amendment was in line ten of sec-
tion seventy-seven, to stukcout " or" and mscit
" on."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thisamend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. ! do not know that it is in
order to propose an amendment, but I rise for the
purpose of asking the chairman of the Committee
on Finance what construction the committee put
upon the proviso in the seventy-seventh section.
1 suppose that except so far as express power is
given to the United States to do so, if it exists in
any case, we cannot authorize business to be
done in the States. The question what business
is to be carried on is one exclusivity for the
States. Now this proviso as I read it would
seem to imply that a business might be carried
on in a State not only without the consent but
against the laws of the State. The language is:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be held or con-
st! tied &o as to prevent the several States, within the limit*
thereof, ftom placing a duty, tax, or license, for State pui-
poses, on any business, matter, or thing on which a duty,
tax, or licen&e is required to be paid by law.
And then the portion to which I call attention is:
Nor shall any law of any State or Territory prohibiting
any tiade, busmen, or profession, be held to c.vempt or
excuse any person following oi being engaged m any stieh
trade, business, or piofesston, from the payment" of the li-
cei^e tax herein lequired.
1 suppose the tiuc construction of that would
be, if there is authority in Congiess to give the
power, that the license would authorize a partic-
ular business or profession to be carried on against
the laws of the State. I do not think that can be
the view of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN". I can tell the Senator that
the laws of nearly all the States prohibit the sale
of lottery tickets; and yet that business is openly
carried on; the law is not enforced. Under the
existing law the United States license does not
allow the person holding it to canyon any busi-
ness prohibited by the State law, docs notjustify
it. It would bo no defense to a prosecution in a
State court to show that a man is licensed by the
United States to do that thing.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the very difficulty.
Then what is the meaning of the clause? The
particular business referred to by the honorable
member illustrates the view that 1 suppose is the
eoi i eet view. Over the subject of lotteries the
States have exclusive control. The United Slates
have no authority to authorize a lottery in a State.
It wasdoubled very much by the Supreme Court
whether they had authority to authouze a lottery
even heie in this District; but certainly it was not
doubted by them that they had no right to author-
ize a lotteiy established here to sell tickets m a
State against the laws of the State. The first part
of the proviso says that the States are notwith-
standing this law to have a right to place a duty,
&c., " on any business, matter, or thing on winch
a duty, tax, or license is required to be paid by
law," but it goes on further to say:
Nor -hall any law of any State or T"nitorv piohibiting
I any uadc, busmen, or piofe.ssion be held to exempt oi e\-
i case any pci-on following or being engaged in any -ueli
| ti.ide, bu.-me—•, or pioie.ssion irom the payment of thu li-
! cense tax herein required.
Mr SHERMAN. The Senator overlooks the
ptincipal pioposition in the section. The propo-
sition of the section is this:
That no license hcreiuhefoie piovided for, if granted,
shall hocoiistmed to uuihouze the commencement orcon-
tinuation of any trade, bnsincps, or jirot'j—«ion therein men
Uoned within any i-Uate or Tenitoiy ot liie United States
in winch it is or shall he, specially prohibited bj the laws
thereof, or in violation oi the laws oi any Slate oiTeiri-
loiy
That is, the license granted by the laws of the
United States shall not allow the citizens of any
Stale to conduct any business within that State
that js prohibited by the laws of the State. Then
the next proviso is that the exercise of the4axing
power by Congress shall not be exclusive, but
that the State may exercise the taxing power
also. The next is that if, nQtwithstanding the
prohibition by the State of this employment
within the State, it is openly exetcised in the
State, that shall not be a reason for not taking out
a license. Perhaps the second clause*of ihe pro-
viso is unnecessary, but i do not know that it is
when you consider that the laws of nearly all the
States prohibit lotteiles, and yet lottery tickets
are sold m nearly all the States. That is the
icason of it. it is m the old law, I think.
Mr. GRIMES. This is an exact transcript of
the law as u stands, and I will put a ca.se that has
occuned m the town in which 1 live. We have
a State law there prohibiting the selling of liquor;
yet, unfortunately for the community, we make
and dunk and sell liquor. A year ago, upon the
idea that they could avail themselves of the con-
struction that the Senator from Maryland has
