1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8M5
ator to call now and insist upon the order of
the day. The lime elapsed an hour and a half
ago by (he unanimous consent of- the Semite.
The Senator would be dearly right if the order
of-the day could be called for by one Senator. It
will require a motion of the Senator and the or-
der of the Senate to take it up.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I should like to know
of the Senator from New Hampshire if you are
to call for it nt the precise moment.
Mr. CLARK. The order of the day should
be called for by the Chair at the moment, but if
it should not be called for at the time and after-
wards by the unanimous consent of the Senate,
which is equivalent to an affirmative vote or unan-
imous vote of the Senate, it is displaced in this
way, I ihink it is not in order for a Senator to in-
sist upon it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, did you
call for the order of the day at the proper hour?
This is the first time, so far as I know, in legis-
lative bodies where the floor has been taken from
a Senator or member and given to another.
Mr. CLARK. I do not mean to say that I
mean to say the order cannot be called for by one
Senator. It is perfectly in order for the Senator
to move to proceed to the order of the day and
the Senate may so direct. That is the point.
Mr. DAYJS. It was the duty of the occupant
of the chair, whether he was the President pro
tempore of the Senate or the present incumbent of
the chair, at the arrival of the hour of twelve
o'clock to call up the order of the day. He did
not do so; the order of the day was not called for.
Now, the question is, whether the default of the
Chair shall forfeit my right to the floor. That is
the point.
Mr CLARK. I will say to the Senator it is
not forfeiting his right to the floor. I agree with
him entirely that whenever that comes up lie is
entitled to the floor; and it is entirely competent
for him to move to lake it up.
Mr. DAVIS. That does not meet the ques-
tion. That is a mere evasion. Mr. President,
it was the duly of the occupant of the chair to
call the order of the day at the time. The reason
that I did not call for the order of the day was in
courtesy to the occupantof the chair and incourt-
esy to the Senator from Pennsylvania who hail
his favoiite measure before theSenate. I inquued
about it at the time or shortly afterwards, and
some gentleman—I do not remember who it was,—
informed me that by omitting to call for the order
of the day I should not forfeit any right I had in
relation to calling for the order of the day. But
this is the point: it was the duty of ihe Piesident
of the Senate, when the hour for calling for the
ouler of the day had been leached, himself to call
for the order of the day. Now the question is,
shall his omission to do his duty deprive me of
the flight that I would have had if he had per-
'formed his duty?
Mr. CLARIS. It is not a matter of that kind
at all. 1 will cheerfully vote with the Senator to
take up his order of the day.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not ask that at all. I just
ask for my rights.
Mr. CLARK. It is only a question as to the
proper method after it has been displaced this
petiod of time. I will cheerfully vote with him
to give him the order of the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the S-mate is on the appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Air. WADE. The question has become a
matter of some consequence to a gentleman who
desires the consideration of a measure here now
as to what his rights arc upon the floor. I un-
derstand very 4ittle about these rules, for I care
very little about them and do not take the pains
to inform myself about them; but I suppose if a
gentleman has the floor on a certain older when
it comes up he is entitled to the floor upon that
order when that hour arrives. If iie does not en-
force his right then, but is still entitled to the
floor whenever he chooses to call up the order of
the day, it seems to me it is in his power to dis-
place another Senator to almost any extent he
pleases. It is so in the present case. Here I
have a measure m which 1 take a very great in-
terest, and I think it is one of great importance.
1 an) anxious to get it up. I have been here j
watching for an opportunity when 1 might make j
a motion to take it up. The gentleman says that l
about an hour and a half ago he was entitledHo
have the floor on another/question. So he was,
and if he had insisted on Ins, light nobody could
have taken it from him; i could not even have
obtained the floor to make this motion and should
have been precluded oven from taking the sense
of the*Senate upon it. But like all other rights
in law it may be waived by negligence, if you
majr say so. It may be that if a gentleman does
not insist on his right, he loses it; and if he does
not do it, he infringes upon the rights of another.
If the Senator from Kentucky had insisted on his
rights at that time he probably would have been
through befoie this, and I could have got up my
bill; but if he can waive his right without losing
it, he can postpone me as long as he pleases by
neglecting to assert his right. Perhaps it is rea-
sonable that the rule should be that way, but it
does not look to me to be right.
Mr. DAVIS. I will make a single suggestion
to the Senator from Ohio. I called for the order
of the day before the honorable Senator made
his motion. The Chair will recollect that.
Mr. WADE. I recollect it.
Mr. DiYVIS. But the President of theSenate
is to preside over the body, to enforce its order,
to enforce its rules, to call up its business in the
order in which the rules of the Senate assign that
business. I was not entitled to the floor until
the order of tlje day was called up. It was not
my office, nor my right, nor my duty to call up
the oider of the day. That was the business of
the Ptesidentof theSenate. So soon as the mo-
ment of time arrived when the order of the day
was to be called up, accoiduiir to the rules of the
Senate it was his duty cx officio, of his own im-
pulse, tf> c.all up the oider of the day, and then I
should have been entitled to the floor. 1 am not
entitled to the floor when the time arrives; I am
entitled to the floor when the order of the day is
called up. i may suggest to the incumbent of
the chair when the time does come that tile time
has arrived for the order of the day to be taken
up, lie may refuse then to call it up; he may
entertain other business; but wheal am left upon
the floor on the order of the day, and the oider of
the day is to come up at the hour of twelve, and
the Piesident of the Senate in default, in derelic-
tion ofhis duty to call up the order of the day -
Mr. WADE. If the Senator will permit me,
as this is a disputable point, about which I find
gentlemen differ very much, I will withdraw my
motion for the present and let the Senator take
up his measure. 1 do not know how that point
is. However, I waive my right. But I give no-
tice that I shall move to take up my bill as soon
as it will be in order to do so.
Mr. CLARK. I will move that the Senate
proceed to the order of the day.
The PRESIDING OFF 10ER. Docs the Sen-
ator from Kentucky withdraw his appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. COWAN. I hope that bill will not be
taken up 
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will state his question of order. 9
Mr. DAVIS. The question of order is this:
that the Senate have no i ight to dispense with the
order of the day while I am on the floor. I am
entitled to the floor, and until I take it on the or-
der of the day and relinquish it neither the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania nor any other Senator
can deprive me of it by making any motion what-
ever.
Mr. COWAN. The order has not been called.
I understand the Senator from New Hampshire
has made the motion to call for the oider of the
day.
Mr. DAVIS. I called for the order of the day
myself. *
Mr. COWAN. That call must be made by
the Chair, not by members, and the hour never
comes until the call is made. Memheis are not
to determine when the hour comes for the ordeis
of the day. That is for the Chan to determine.
Mr. DAVIS; That is very true.
Mr. CO WAN. The Chair has not determined;
the contingency has not ansen under which the
gentleman from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, it arose in this way, and it has
come to this as 1 understand: the Chair declines
to call for the orders of the day. I say the Sen-
ate have the right to require the Chair to call for
the orders of the day at the appointed time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. My own notion of the'
law of this question is that when the time comes
for calling up the order of the day it is the office
of the Presiding Officer to announce that to the
Senate. He having neglected it, it is the right of
any Senator to call for the order of the day, be-
cause that is the proper course of business. I
have no doubt aboutu. Itwould seem to follow
almost as a necessity that any Senator might call
for the order of the day, the Chair having neg-
lected his particular duty in that respect.
Mr. COWAN. That is just what I under-
stand the honorable Senator from New Hamp-
shire has done.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that the
Senator from Kentucky has called fer it by virtue
of aright. It did not involve amotion. The
Senator from New Hampshire makes a motion.
It wa^the right of any Senator to call up the or-
der of the day; but I think it is within the power
of a Senator, the older of the day beingcalled, to
move to dispense with the order of the, day for
the purpose of considering the present business;
and the order of the day being called for does not
necessarily give the right to a Senator to insist
on taking the floor upon that question. It strikes
me that the order of the day being announced,
(and it must be announced when called for, that
being the duty of the Chair,) whoever takes the
floor may ask for the postponement of the order
of the day for the consideration of pending busi-
ness.
Mr. COWAN. I think the error in which my
learned friend from Kentucky has fallen is that
he has assumed that to have been done which
ought to have been done. He would have been
entitled to the floor if the Chair had called for the
order; but as the Chair neglected to call for the
order he had a right to call for it himself, and
then if the call had been made he' would have
been entitled to the floor; but he is not entitled"'
untiWthe call is actually made whether by the
Chair or by a Senator, and I should think it n
proper function of the Chair to call for the order
of the day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
hoy.) The Chair will state that the order of the
day has been postponed by the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate. The attention of the Chair
being called to it, he thinks he has a right now
to say that the order of the day is before the Sen-
ate, and on that question the Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a point of order
that I am disposed now to raise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will state his point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is that no one can be
entitled to the floor upon the call of a Senator for
the orderof the day unultheChair hasannounced
the order of the day, and then whoever may take
the floor has the right to move as to the conduct
of business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
ju&t announced that the order of the day is be-
fore the Senate, and that the Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor upon it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to call the atten-
tion of my fiiend from California to a fact that I
am suie he does not appreciate, thatlast night- 
Mr. GRIMES. I rise to a point of order. I
believe the rule requires that when an appeal shall
be taken the appeal shall be stated from the Chair.
I want to know exactly what the appeal is be-
fore the Senator ftom Indiana proceeds to argue it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 am not going to argue
it, but I am going to state the facts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California will state his point of order.
Mr. McDOUGALL- My point of order iq
this: that it is the office of the Presiding Officer to
announce the order of the day; and that the order
of the day having been announced by the Chair,
the pprson who obtains the floor has the first right
to move as to the conduct of business, Thatduty
having been neglected by the Presiding Officer it
is the wght of any Senator to rise in his place and
call for the order of the day. The order of the
day having been called fot, then it must be an-
nounced from the Chair what is the order of the
