1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, a gentleman of his
distinguished ability and character, should come
in here and make such an ado over the little affair
we had here yesterday. There was no reflection
on him. He knows me, and knows that I know
him. I know him too well to suppose that he
would have been guilty of having voted know-
ingly for any swindle. jBut when he undertook to
challenge my votes, he must have known that with
the same propriety I could challenge his votes.
Of their justice and propriety he is the judge.
He is not responsible to me or to my constituents,
and I am not responsible to him or his constit-
uents.
Mr. PATTERSON. The gentleman disclaims
any design to charge me with having voted for a
corruption fund, and ^exonerate him fully.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man never heard me say " corruption fund."
Mr. PATTERSON. Fraud.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir; I
said he voted for a matter since charged with
being a swindle.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I have not
wished to interrupt this little discussion, but it
seems to me it has gone far enough, and I raise
a point of order that the business before the House
is the bill reported from the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to occupy a few mo-
ments in reference to the action of the Committee
of Ways ami Means, which has been referred to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I thought I was en-
titled to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman yielded the
floor to his colleague, and when his colleague had
concluded his remarks, the gentleman from Ohio
was not in his seat, and the Chair assigned the
floor to another member.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say a word to re-
lieve the Committee of Ways and Means from
the imputation that might possibly be cast upon
them that they did not fully investigate the mat-
ter of appropriating this $135,000 fur the enlarge-
ment of the Charlestown navy-yard. It is a
matter which has been before the committee for
several years. It had already been examined and
recommended to us by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. They had before them,as the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had, Admiral Smith,
with all the documents, maps, and plans neces-
sary to an understanding of the case. If there is an
honest man anywhere in any of the Departments of
the Government in reference to appropriations of
public money with a view to economy and the
true interests of the country, in my judgment it
is Admiral Smith. He came before us with all
his documents, and stated to the committee that
more frontage was demanded for the navy busi-
ness at the navy-yard, and that for want of it
they wr-re constantly committing trespasses upon
the rights and lands of others. Certain parties
had land there to sell, and the proposition was
that if they could procure or purchase some other
adjoining lands which they did not possess, but
which were wanted, if any weretobe purchased,
the Government would buy the entire parcel and
pay the proposed price for it. The parties made an
arrangement by which they purchased that other
lot, and they sold that to the Government, as I
understand, for precisely or about the same they
paid for it. Of course they realized a profit upon
the premises they owned, so far as any increased
value was concerned, and I do not now under-
stand that they got more for the land than it is
now* worth.
I make this explanation in justification of the
action of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand the gentleman from Vermont to say that
the parties sold that land at the same price they
paid for it?
Mr. MORRILL. Not what they had for some
time owned themselves, but what they purchased
in order to accommodate the Government.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
the gentleman from Vermont knows something
about this matter, and I desire to inquire of the
gentleman if one half of the property bought,
some three months since, was not sold to the Gov-
ernment for more than they puid for the whole?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not so understand, ex-
cept by the letter which the gentleman from Illi-
nois himself has privately shown to me.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I desire to modify
my instructions so as simply to direct the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of proposing a bill for the erection of a
house of correction. 1 do this because I under-
stand there is a bill before the committee relating
to that subject, and I do not wish to make my
instructions imperative.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I will detain
the House but a single moment. It will be re-
membered that this bill which has been reported
from the committee was also reported by the
committee last year. Yesterday was made a sort
of gala day here, and it seems to be generally
thought that whenever reports are made from the
Committee for the District of Columbia that is a
time for everybody to make their remarks in re-
gard to the expenses of the Government for the
benefit of the District of Columbia, and the grasp-
ing disposition of the people of the District to get
everything they can out of the Government. Now,
I do not propose to make any particular defense
of the people of the District of Columbia, but I
do ask gentlemen upon the other side of the House
to recollect the fact that in the short period we
have had the honor of sitting in Congress, they
have passed a law abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and that almost all the prop-
erty holders in the District were slaveholder,
and that they have suffered very considerably, if
not in the way of direct taxation, yet in the loss
of properly. Now, when wo propose to tax them
$100,000 for the building of this jail and peniten-
tiary, and the General Government $150,000, I
think the proportion isfair. And notouly have the
criminal courts been filled m consequence of the
abolition of slavery in the District, but this has
been a sort of u city of refuge" for men who have
flocked here from all quarters.
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. If the gentle-
man will wait a moment he can then have the
floor. I cannot yield to him, because the time of
my colleague on the committee from Ohio [Mr.
Morris] 1 apprehend is up, and I desire to yield
the floor to him.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I will yield for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Steele] made the remark that the
slaveholders, who were the owners of property
in this District, had been impoverished by the
action of the Government. I wish to inquire of
him if it is not the truth that the real estate of
these slaveholders has increased in value more
than a hundred per cent., and that these same
men are richer now by thousands, if not millions,
than they were before slavery was abolished. I
think the facts will show that.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. If I under-
stand the matter, the real estate of the District
has only increased in value just as much as gold
has, and from the same cause.
Mr. GRINNELL. I answer that every gen-
tleman who has known about property in the
District of Columbia, and I have known some-
thing about it for ten or twelve years, having
friends here, knows that those persons who held
property here when slavery existed thought them-
selves comparatively poor, but now regard them-
selves as rich. 1 believe that the Government be-
friended them by taking away slavery from the
District of Columbia, and the assessments of the
city will sustain my assertion that property in the
city is worth now, according to the assessment,
millions more than it was when slavery existed
here.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I have no disposition
to occupy the attention of the House at this time.
My only object is to arrive at a decision, so that
the Committee for the District of Columbia may
know what is the pleasure of the House, and
what action they desire the committee to take. I
hope the question will be taken on the instruc-
tions offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Hubbard.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I wish to make a
single remark. I have become satisfied, from
all 1 have heard upon this subject, and from the
information 1 have in regard to it# that it is aot
expedient for us to build a penitentiary here at
the present time; but I am also satisfied, on the
other hand, that there is some demand forahouse
of correction; and for the purpose of having that
matter investigated by the committee I have of-
fered the instructions which are now pending, be-
fore the House, and I hope that they may be
adopted by the House in order that the matter
may be fully and fairly investigated. I under-
stand that the adoption of these instructions by
the House will in effect instruct the committee
that the House is opposed to the building of a
penitentiary at this time, and in favor, partially
at least, of the building of a house of correction.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The bill provides for
the building of a penitentiary, a jail, and a house
of correction. The gentleman's instructions say
nothing about the jail.
Mr, HUBBARD, of Iowa. I will modify my
instructions so as strike outboththe penitentiary
and the jail.
Mr, MORRIS, of Ohio. Well, if it is under-
stood that by the adoption of these instructions
the House will express its determination not to au-
thorize the building of a penitentiary and a jail,. I
am sau&fied that the vote shall be taken now; I
am as ready to take the vote now as 1 shall beat
any other time.
Mr. TRACY. As the gentleman desires to
have this question determined now, I withdraw
my motion to recommit.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdrew
the motion to lay on the table on condition that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania would make
that motion. I now renew the motion to lay on
the table.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. There is one
verbal modification which should be made in my
instructions.
The SPEAKER. The instructions have fallen,
and are not before the House. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tracy] has withdrawn
the motion to recommit, and the instructions fall.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
moves now to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 appeal
to the gentleman from Illinois to withdraw that
motion for a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania a member of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
not on any committee but one that seldom meets.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to withdraw his motion,and
let the bill be recommitted with the instructions
moved by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Hub-
bard,] and let that be considered a test vote on
this question. Perhaps the House may be pre-
pared to vote twenty-five or thirty thousand dol-
lars for the building of a house of correction for
juvenile offenders, while it may not be willing to
vote an appropriation for a penitentiary and jail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Johnson] has ap-
pealed to me to yield the floor to him one moment.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] wants
it also; and therefore 1 withdraw my motion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw the motion unconditionally?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
it unconditionally for that purpose. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I want to
call the attention of the House to a single fact
which, so far as I have observed, has not been
stated in this debate. During the last Congress
the Government applied to this House for per-
mission to use the penitentiary which formerly
belonged to the District of Columbia. That per-
mission was granted, and this arrangement of
sending prisoners to the State penitentiaries was
made, and the Government has been using this
penitentiary building as an arsenal ever since.
^ Now, this brings the question home to us, as a
simple matter of fact, whether, before the war
broke out, a penitentiary was needed in the Dis-
trict of Columbia so much more than it is needed
now, with all this increased population of a mixed
and various character. 1 have not heard that point
referred to by gentlemen here. The debate has
taken so wide a range that I supposed the House
had forgotten this, to me, important fact. My
impression is that if ever in the history of this
city and this District a penitentiary of tery large
