2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
the laws prohibit the sale of liquor, yet if you
undertake to do it you shall be responsible to us
just as you would be-in a State where the laws
do not prohibit it; you shall have, so far as we
. are concerned, no privileges over those who live
1ft States where the laws do not prohibit it. If
you undertake to deal in liquors, or anything else
that is prohibited in your State, you shall be sub-
ject to our laws, and you shal^ not do it without
a license; if you do, you will be subject to the
penalty." But we say to them at the sarae time,
and that sets the moral view of it right, " We
want you to understand, notwithstanding we pro-
hibit you from selling liquor without a license,
we do not mean to authorize you to break the
laws of the State; but if you choose to break those
laws, although the license is a protection against
us, it shall be no protection against the laws of
the State, and you must take the consequences,"
It is just like a man who has no title perhaps
to real estate, if you please to say so. The Sen-
ator, I suppose, has drawn a great many quit-
claim deeds in his life; and quit-claim deeds, per-
haps, that did not convey very much; at least it
was very doubtful, it was not considered bad
morals if he told him, "Sir, you shall have my
deed for a dollar; but I warn you that my title
may prove to be good for nothing." The Sen-
ator would not hesitate to draw the deed and take
his fee under those circumstances. He would not
refuse to act on the ground bad morals.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, I should.
Mr. FESSENDEN- I never knew of a law-
yer yet that did.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should refuse unless there
was color of title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The morals of the pro-
fession must be particularly nice in Maryland.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that they are
any more nice there than elsewhere.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You do precisely in ref-
erence to that matter what is done here, bo that
the whole thing is understood by the party. We
practice nothing upon hirn when we say to ]iiin,
" You shall not proceed m this business, so far
as we are concerned, without a license from us,
and then you can settle your difficulties with the
State as you choose." The effect of a contrary
decision here would be to say that in all those
States where men choose to violate the laws of
the States, they shall do it with impunity so far
as we aie concerned. We in fact give them a li-
cense to do it without exacting any pay what-
ever. That is the result as it strikes me.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 25, 1864.
TheHouae met at tWelveo'clock, m. I'rayer by
Rev. Dr. Hosmkii, of Buffalo, New Yoik.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
AGIUCULTU11AL REPORT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the CommissionerofAgriculture,
transmitting his annual report for 1863; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W1WDOM submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, and referred, under the
law, to the Committee on Printing:
Resoled, That there be printed by the Superintendent
of Public Printing, under thedlieetion of Ihe Commissioner
of Agilculture, one hundred and flf'tv thousand extin copies
of Ills annual report for 1863, with ibe accompanyiBg.doc-
umetus, Ibi the use of the present Flouse, and fifty ilum
sand extra copies tor distribution by that Depaitment, with
the engravings interspersed through the volume In theirap-
proprlate places ; and that ten thousand ot' these shall he
printed for the use of said Department on fifty-six pound
paper.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS AND DOCUMENTS.
^ Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Printing, reported a joint resolu-
tion in relation to the distribution of books and
documents j which was read a first and second time j
by its title. j
The joint le,solution provides that the undis-!
tributed portion of books and documents hereto- \
fore printed or purchased for its use by order of
either House of Congressprevious to the*Thirty-
Seventh Congress and no\y deposited in the Inte-
rior Department and elsewhere shall be distrib-
uted to members of the present Congress, under
the direction of the Joint Committee on Printing,
and the committee is directed to divide the books
in question into parcels equal in number to the
whole number of Senators, Representatives, and
Delegates from Territories and as nearly equal in
value and importance as possible, and to distribute
them to the Senators, Representatives, and Dele-
gates by such method as may be found most
feasible and proper.
Mr. BALDWIN,ofMassachusetts. Thisjoint
resolution is reported from the Committee on
Printing because the subject of distributing these
books was referred to that committee. I call the
previous question.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to inquire the num-
ber and value of the books that it is proposed to
distribute.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I cannot
state that.
Mr. KERNAN. I have learned at some time
that these books were useful to the Government
in making exchanges; and if that be so I am op-
posed to voting for this distribution. It seems to
me that, without knowing their value, we ought
not to vote to distribute these books among the
members.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. This res-
olution relates to books heretofore printed or pro-
cured for the use of membeisof Congress. There
are broken and impcrfect sets, and in consequence
there have been difficulties about their distribu-
tion. There are not enough full sets to go around,
and this resolution is submitted for the purpose
of making a satisfactory distribution. It relates
to books ordered by the Senate and the House,
and to none others.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. Was not a sim-
ilar resolution passed at the last Congress r
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Not pre-
cisely like ihis,
Mr. COLE, of Washington. In what respect
does it differ?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. We pro-
vided at the hist Congicss that the distribution
should be under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, and tins resolution proposes that the
distribution shall be under the superintendence of
the Committee on Punting.
Mr. COLE, of Washington. Will this distrib-
ute the books in the hands of the Secretary of the
Interior?
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Yes^sir.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, I have had occa-
sion to inquire of the Secretary of the Interior or
the person having charge of the hooks proposed
to be distributed. Under the resolution passed at
the last Congress if these books are distributed,
or if they are distributed under this resolution,
then there will be none left to present to the new
Stutes and Teuitoiies that may hereafter be or-
ganized. New States hereafter to be admitted
iiito the Union will not get the books which have
been provided for the new States since the form-
ation of the Government. It strikes me that the
House ought to look into the matter. It will be
impossible for the new States to obtain these books
unless from the source which we now propose to
destroy. If the effect of the resolution be such as
that the Secretary of the Interior shall distribute
the books he has now on hand, then the new Ter-
ritories and new States will be deprived of the
archives of the Government. I think that the
resolution ought not to be passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. These books
were originally designed for distribution among
the people, and I hope that the resolution will
pass.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. These
books were printed or procured for the ase of the
Senate or the House. They can only be distrib-
uted by order of Congress, and no one else has
control over them. They belong to the two Houses
for distribution among the people, and they are
at presentgettingillegitjmafe distribution. They
are melting away, and'we think that they ought
at once to be distributed among the members of
Congress. I call for the previous question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw the call for the previous question for that
purpose.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I only
want to say a few words on the resolution. During
the lastCongress a resolution was passed similar
in purport to this one, but not so full m detail. It
was provided that these books should be distrib-
uted by the Secretary of the Interior, but it wag
found impossible to comply with that resolution
so as to make the distribution as contemplated.
The reason was because of the great number of
broken sets, amounting to some twenty to forty
volumes, and hence they could not be equally
distributed among memners of Congress. I do
not know that those broken seta will ever be re-
plenished; it is not probable that they will be;
and I presume, taking the natural course of things,
the numbers of them are getting smaller every
day, and we might well distribute them in some
way.
But there is a point I wish to suggest to the
gentleman from Massachusetts. Under u resolu-
tion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress there was a res-
olution adopted directing the distribution among
the congressional districts of certain copies of the
American State Papers. They have not all yet
been distributed, and they are due to some of
those congressional districts, and due properly.
I refer to ray own district for one. My imme-
diate predecessor did not draw his copies while
here,and he died soon after his time expired, and
there are two sets due that district yet. I was
notified officially three years ago by the librarian
that they were due the district, and I applied for
them then, and have continually applied for them
from that time to this, but I have never been able
to get them awarded. Others have had theirs
awarded to their districts to-snake up what was
deficient. Now, I would like to have the resolu-
tion amended if possible so as to provide that no
documents which have heretofore been ordered
by any resolution of Congress to be distributed
shall be affected by the passage of this resolution.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. In ieply to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania I will say that this reso-
lution will not reach those books at all. They
are already provided for, and still remain in the
Department, subject to the direction of the suc-
cessors of those former members who were enti-
tled to them.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I demand
the previous question on the third reading of the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BEAMAN demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution, and tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question upon the passage of the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was passed.
Mr. BAXjDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote last taken; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OWEN TULLEIl.
Mr. VOORHEES presented the petition of
Owen Tuller, a mail contractor, for compensation
for the destruction of property on a mail route in
Missouri by rebel guerrillas; which was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL made the following report
from a committee of confeience:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. It.
No. I9S) making appropriations for the support of the .Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, having mot, attor
full aud tree conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses, as follows :
That the Senate recede irom their ninth amendment.
That the* Senate recede from their disagreement to the
| amendment of the House to the seventh amendment of the
Senate, and agree to the same witti the following amend-
ments :
Alter the word "any,*' m the fir-n line of said House
amendment, insert the word "fiee,"and strike out after the
word "call," in the eighth line, all of said House amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their amendment to the
eighth amendment o* the Senate, and agree to the taiue
with the following amendment: strike outaliof aald Sen-
