1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
capacity was needed it is now; and as the Gov-
ernment lias taken the old building and is using
it for the purposes of an arsenni I do not see why
we should not appropriate a sufficient sum to build
another.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr. Speaker, I want to make
a single explanatory remark. ] was yesterday
among those membeis who opposed this appro-
priation for the erection of a penitentiary and
house ofcorrection together. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washbtjrne] moved to lay the bill
upon the table. This morning, in conversation
with him, he expressed his willingness to with-
draw that motion and make no opposition if the
Committee for the District of Columbia would
withdraw this bill and report another bill for the
erection of a new jail and house of correction.
The points of objection to the building of a
penitentiary are, 111 the first place, that it neces-
sarily involves a large expendituie of money, and
in the second place, that the convicts from this
District can be bettor taken care of in northern
penitentiaries, and at a vastly cheaper rate. The
objection does not apply at all to the question of
erecting a house of correction for juvenile offend-
ers in the District, and so far as I knos&the op-
position 011 this side of the House doesTSot touch
that at all. But the gentleman who reported the
bill insists on a vote on the original proposition,
and therefore the gentleman from Illinois insists
on his motion to lay the bill on the table. The
understanding on which the gentleman from Illi-
nois withdrew his motion seems to have been
entirely lost sight of, and hence the necessity of
renewing it. If the proposition for the erection
of a penitentiary be withdrawn, I take it that there
will bo no objection to making an appropriation
for a house of correction and new jail.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I now renew my
motion to recommit the bill to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, with instructions to
strike out all relating to a penitentiary and jail,
and to inquire into the propriety of reporting a
bill appropriating $  lor the erection of a
house of correction; and on that 1 move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. bTEELL, of New York. I appeal to the
gentleman from iowa to yield to me for a single
moment.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I withdraw the
previous question for the present.
Mr. >S I LbLE, of New \ ork. I appeal to the
gentleman from Iowa to yield to me for a moment
to make a statement.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I yield to the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. SPLLLE, of iNew York. Mr. Speaker,
the Committee for the District of Columbia have
no sort of feeling on this matter. It has been
pressed upon them last year and this year, be-
cause of the great impoitanee of having a peni-
tentiary and jail in this District. All we ask is,
that the House shall take the responsibility of
meeting the question fairly and decide it. [f the
House does not want to build a penitentiary and
jail here, the committee have no th sire they should
do so, but only desire they shall take the re-
sponsibility of voting on that subject.
Mr. HUBBARD, of iowa. 1 renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordeied.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 63,
noes 33.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
lor the District of Columbia, with the instructions
indicated.
Mi. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider lie laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
demanded the previous question on its adop-
tion:
Raoh'prf, Tint five thousand copies of tlie report of
Charles li. Stuart, con.<uftm£ engiiieei, in inference to the
improvement ot'nati-rcoimmuncntion between the Hudson
rive rami the lakes o!'the West anil Noi [invent, made March
29, 1S64, tie pi inted for the use of this House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (II. R. No. 302) to amend
section nine of the act approved July 17,1862
entitled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and lor
Other purposes;" when the Speaker signed the
same.
KErOIiT OF CHARLES 1). STUART.
Mr. A. W. CLARK, from the Committee on
Printing, repoited the following resolution, and
0. F. JOHNSON.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of C. P. Johnson, of
Alabama; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar, and, with the accompa-
nying report, ordered to be printed.
BENJAMIN GRATZ.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin Gratz;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
HUGH LKDD3T.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, also re-
ported a bill for the relief of HughLeddy; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. 1IALE. I ask that the bill be put on its
passage.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee of tho
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, oidered to be printed.
WILLIAM JESSUP.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of William Jes-
sup for damages sustained by an encampment
upon his premises of several companies of volun-
teeis; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
JAMES II. M'cULLOCtl.
Mr. HALE, from the same committee, also
ieported a joint resolution to refer the case of
J. II McCulloch to the Court of Claims; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
| glossed, it was accoidingly read the third lime,
and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote just
taken; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES WILKES.
Mr. PRUYN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a joint resolution to refer the case of
Cluules Wilkes to the Court of Claims; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON. What is the nature of this
claim ?
Mr. PRUYN. Itgrows outof a change in the
grade of the streets in this city.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The joint resolution does not
give the court jurisdiction if it has not jurisdiction
already.
Thejointresolution wasordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PRUYN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SOLOMON PARSONS.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Solomon Parsons; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Solomon Parsons, of
West Virginia, the sum of $125 in full payment
of twenty-four hundred pounds of beef furnished
10 the United States troops at St. George's station,
Virginia, by order of Captain Kellogg, com-
mander of the post.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire why this amount was not paid upon the
vouchers given ?
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia. Because it
was not reported by the proper officer to the De-
partment. The beef was furnished on an emer-
gency, as the certificate of the officer will show.
I t was called for by a company of Ohio men sta-
tioned at St. George's.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
permit this bill to pass now, as it is but one of a
large class of similar claims.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
A. S. CLARK.
Mr. HOLM AN, from the Committee of Claim 9,
reported a joint resolution for the relief of A. S.
Clark; which was read a first and second time.
The resolution directs the Postmaster General
hereafter, in adjusting the accounts of A. S.
Clark, postmaster at Harrison, Ohio, to allow
him a credit of $523 69, being the amount of
money and postage stamps taken from his pos-
session belonging to the United States by the
rebel forces commanded by John H. Morgan, on
the 3d of July, 1863.
Mr. WILSON. What proof had the com-
mittee that the money taken by Morgan's men
belonged to the United States?
Mr. HOLMAN. The proof consisted in the
first place of Clark's own affidavit, very minute
in its details; and also tho statement of the Post-
master General and the proper accounting officer
of the Post Office Department, as to the amount
of money and postage stamps which were in his
hands at the time. It occurs that the two state-
ments are exactly alike; that is, the statement of
Clark himself in regard to the matter is fully cor-
roborated by the statement of the Department.
The amount of money taken is reasonably well
determined by two citizens of Harrison living
there at the time. Clark, at the time of the ap°
proach of Morgan's men, was at dinner. Assoon
as he heard that the rebels were approaching ho
rushed to his office, seized the money antf the
postage stamps, and endeavored to escape by the
backdoor. The fact of the taking possession of the
office, and the seizure of the money and stamps,
is established, the committee say, with reasonable
certainty. They do not pretend that it is estab-
lished with that absolute certainty that a ease dif-
fering from this in character might admit of.
I would state further that Mr. Clark, the post-
master, is well known by several gentlemen upon
both sides of the line, the town of Harrison being
upon the boundary. The committee have been
led to believe, from the testimony before them,
that there is a reasonable certainty that he had
the amount of money. Itisnn absolute certainty
that whatever money he had was taken, and that
he ought to have had this amount of money and
postage stamps in his possession.
Mr. WILSON. I understand there isno proof
how much money he had upon his person at the
time the rebels took it away from him.
Mr. HOLMAN. No,sir; no positivecvidenee
as to the exact amount. The amount he had in
his bands is shown by the reportof the Postmas-
ter General. Mr. Cktrk's own statement is very
minute.
The case comes within the well-known princi-
ple thatwheieaperson loses property under such
circumstances, even in private transactions, that
the knowledge of the existence of the loss must
be with himself alone; that for the purpose of es-
tablishing the amount his own affidavit may be
received. The gentleman will remember that that
pimciple is well established in ordinary contro-
versies between citizen and citizen.
Mr. WILSON. Does Mr. Clark state the
amount?
Mr. HOLMAN. Ho makes a minute and ex-
act statement.
T am not, as gentlemen very well know, very
much inclined to regard private claims iigainst the
Government favorably, but t regard the facts in
this case as well established by evidence as prob-
ably in e.ny case brought to the consideration of
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. HARDING. I desire to say that a va-
riety of petitions have been presented exactly cov-
ering the case which the gentleman has brought
up here to-day. All of those petitions have been
