1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road«. That committee have instructed
me to report a bill covering all such cases. If
the gentleman will yield for me to introduce my
bill, which I have been waiting to report for sev-
eral days, it will exactly meet his case and every
similar case. I propose to offer it as a substitute
for his bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. That cannot be done under
the rules. You cannot substitute a general bill
for a pri vale bill. «
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done under
tho rules.
Mr. HARDING-. I think the gentleman from
Indiana will be satisfied himself, when he looks
into the number of eases of this character, that it
is altogether improper to take them up separately
andlegtslate upon them. There are various well-
established eases where postmasters have been
robbed; and I have prepared a bill, which I have
been instructed to leport, winch meets ail these
cases, referring them to the Postmaster General
for settlement; and when the evidence is suffi-
cient to satisfy him that a postmaster has been
robbed in any case, he is authorized to give him
credit for the amountof winch he may have been
robbed. It is altogether improper to take up any
separate case and legislate upon it now. While
there may be an individual ortwo in Indiana who
•has suffered in this way, the raids in my State
have been so repeated and fiequent that there
are, pet Imps, fifty eases theic to every one case
in his State. The bill which I desire to present
has been prepared under the special recommend-
ation of the Postmaster Geneiai; and it will em-
brace the case of the gentleman from Indiana as
well as other cases, referring the whole matter,
however, to the Postmaster General for him to
settle and allow credit when the evidence is suffi-
cient to satisfy him that the postmaster lias been
robbed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall certainly give my
very cordial support to the gentleman's bill when
it io ptoperly before tho House. I am not re-
porting anything that runs counter to tiic gentle-
man \s bill.
Mr. HARDING. Then let me report it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have not the slightest ob-
jection, but it cannot be substituted for this bill,
as the Chair has stated, for this is a private bill.
This claimant brings himself clearly within the
rule that the House,has established in its action
on this subjcct. This bill creates only another
argument m favorof the very bill which my fi torn!
will report. I trust that an exception will not
be made in this paiticular case. I adnntthe ne-
cessity and pi opnety of general legislation on this
subject. Let us pass a general bill; but in the
meantime, if patties have brought them^lvcs
within the i ulo of Congt ess their claims ought not
to he deferred.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whethui the postmaster referred to
has settled his accounts and been obliged to pay
this money ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir, he hast paid the.
money to the Department; and all 1 am proposing
in that hereafter, in the settlement of his accounts
for the money which lie may receive as post-
master, he shall be allowed the amount of money
which he has been compelled to pay over.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise ton
point of order. I submit that this bill makes an
appropriation, and must have its first consideration
in a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. If is not an appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It author-
izes an oppropi iation.
The SPEAKER. The sum would come out
of the Post Office revenues, which are appropri-
ated m a specific appiopriauon bill. This is not,
therefore, an appropriation bill, under tho usage
of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist now on tho
previous question on the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
gentleman will not do that, after he has said all
that he desires to say and no gentleman has been
heatd on the othu side.
Mr. HARDING. If U is in order I move to
refer the bill to the Committee on the PostOlficc
and Post Roads.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order during the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It is very
evident that we are to have a gieat many claims
of this character. I took occasion m the last Con-
gress to speak against the introduction of special
pension bills, because it is impossible for this
House to undertake to judge of the merits of each
paiticular case, and the passage of such special
bills depends moie upon the fact whether the par-
ties have a Representative on the floor hei e to ad-
vocate their claims, than it does on the paittcular
merits of the claim. I am, therefore, opposed to
all these special bills. We can reach all these
cases by general measures, and I favor thecouise
proposed by the Committee on the Post Oifice and
Post Roads. 1 can see no reason why this bill
should have precedence over many other coses of
a similar ehaiacter, and I therefoie move that
this bill be referred to the Committee of theWhule
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not yield the floor for
any such purpose. I yielded it to the gentleman
as an act of com tesy.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Can I get
the floor for any purpose without having to ask
the gentleman from Indiana?
Mr. HOLMAN. Not within my hour, audi
shall move the pievious question before the hour
expiies.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. That is a
very accommodating rule.
All. llOLMAN. I do not desire to debate the
subject, as no gentleman can have a doubt of its
being a mentonous case. I therefore move the
pre\ious question.
The question being on seconding the previous
question,
Telleis were ordficd: and Messis. Mallory
and Ourii \\ c e appointi d.
The House divided; and the telleis reported—
ayes 80, noes 14.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeted; and under its opeiation
the joint resolution was otdeieu to be engmsRod
and lead a th u*d time: and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thud time,
Mr. COLE, of California, moved that the joint
resolution be laid upon the table; and called foi
telleis oil the motion.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Coli:, of
California, and Ei.pri.dge weie appointed.
The House divided: and the tellers leported—
ayes 23, nor s 79.
So the House refused to lay the joiuticsoiution
on the table.
Mi. IIOLMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of t h" j'oiut i evolution.
The prewous question wa"- seconded, and the
main question ouim d.
Mi. COLE, of California, called for the yr-as
and nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeap and nays weir; oid< ted.
The question was taken; and it \\ as -decided m
the affirmative—jeriN £G, nays 30; as loliows:
YE— We-sMs. Aie^tMie>(\ Baldw in, John !>. ]><iui-
wni, Biatnr, Howl J,ones S H>n\vn. William <i.
Blown, duplet, AmiIho'- \V. <_'l«ul., (''lay. Cobb, ("ex,
Ciavi uv Dunn l)rifa>. Dumont. Ehlt tdtie. EnglMs,
Ftnok,(iruU't, (Jinan 1!. Il.de, ll.urmyton, Kohnan. lloieii-
kihp, As'ilu'l W. [lubbu1 d. Wsltum Jolnr-oii, Julian, Katb-
i«<jli, Kello\ - Fkuum-. W. K< K« i t.itp, l-n\v5 L >np,
bons.ve.u, Maliorv, Matey, Maivin. M<' Alh-toi. McBude,
McClurj,', McDowell, M iddleum. WtlltPin II. Milln, James
It, Motrin, MnnibOiij Leon.nd Triton. Chatter
O'Neill. Jnlm O'N'eiil. Battel-on. Pnuiit ion. I'n ham. Pike,
Pomftoy. Pttce, Pjuui, tf.imu-'l .). U'utd.iIJ, William U.
Randall, Afexandet H. Rice, [iobmi-on, Uo^-1' Hots, Heou,
Bmiihci'-, John P.. Steele. Wi.ham (j fcteelu, J5U<111<<*
tftuait, Sweat, Tha\ er. Thouu*. Van Yalkenbmgh, Ynoi-
hei'r,. Will tarn B. Wa<hbmn, Wui-e-t, Wlialey, U'heelu,
Clultnn A. White, Jiwph \V. Wlnt-', Wi!d< i, VVitul'>m,
Winfietd, Benjamin Wood and Yeftinan—fc£>.
N 4 VS—Mcv-m:- William J. AlUai. Alii?on, Aneona. An-
riotpoii, Ilaxtei, Bouiw eli. Broomail, Fireman Oaike, Cole,
Dawson, Ftti'ik, Harding, llen.^k, John If. JJublKU .1.
Philip Johnson, Ka^om Mooilte;<d, Daun 1 Moriw, Atno«
Mjrts, Otth, John 11. Rice. Cdwaid II. KoUti)-, ScoiieJtl.
Sltnmion. Spaidmir, Traey. Up-on, Ehhu 15. Wa hburne,
Wiihatur, r.n.i WiKon—3U.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint re-'olotion \v:h passed: and also '!
moved to lay the motion to reconsid' r on.tho table. ■
The hater motion was agreed to.
PRESIDENTS MESSENGER. !'
Mr. WINDOM, ft om the Committee of Claims, /
It presented nn udveise leport on the petition  f Ij
Louis Buigdorf, })iaying compensation for ser-
vices as messenger to the President of the United
States; which was laid upon the table.
C1UKJIS AND BAILIFFS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, presented an adverse report on lh6 pe-
tition of E. M. DentS'on anfr oth^is, of the iiis-
trictof Columbia, criers and bailiff*, for increased
compensation for their services; which was laid
on the table.
JESSK WILLIAMS.
Mr, THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Jesse Williams; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Tho bill directs the Commissioner of the Gen-
et al Land Oillce to issue a. patent to Jesse Wil-
liams, of Jefl'crson county, Iowa, for the west
half of the northwest quarter of a section of land
in the State of Iowa; provided that no rights ac-
quired by other persons shall be thereby affected'.
Mr. WASH BORNE, of Illinois, called for the
reading of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. T1^JAYER. The House has been very
attentive to the rending of the report, and as the
facts arc fully set forth in it I have nothing fin-
tiler to say, except to state that I am ready to
answer any question that may be abked of me.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thud time; and bein<^ engtosseil, it was accord-
ingly lead the third time, and passed.
Air. THAYER moved to iecom ider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker stoned the same:
An act (ii. K. C. C. No. 114} for the relief of
Daniel Wormet;
An act (Ii. R. C. C. No. 115) for the relief of
Dai ins fc>. Cole;
An act (H. R. C. C. No. 116) for the relief of
William G. Biown; and
Au at i (11. ii. No. 373)to appoint an appraiser
and assistant appraiser for the port of Portland,
and for other purposes.
MAJOR N. II. M'LEAS.
The SPEAKER laid bt-foie the House a mees-
sai;e from the President of the United States,
U nnsmitting, m compliance with the resolution of
the liou^e of Representatives of the 4th instant,
a leport from 'he Secretary of War in relation to
M*jor Ar. 11. AJeLean.
Air. PENDLETON moved that the papers be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
also that they be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TARIFF.
Mr. AIOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
fiom the Committee on Manufactures,submitted
a report on the tariff; which was referred to tho
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be pruned.
- KKPIIESKNTATIVKS OF JAMES KEEK AN,
Air. DAWSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee ou Eoieign Affairs, reported a
joint resolution, accompanied by a repoit,for the
rehefof the legal representatives of James Keenan,
deceased, late consul at llonfc Kong, China; which
was hud upon tiic table, and ordered to he punted.
GRANT OF LANDS TO IOWA.
• Mr. ALLISON, fiom the Committee on Public
Lands, repoited a bill granting lands to the State
of Iowa in alternate sections for the construction
of railroads m said State; which was ordered to
be printed, and recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEUDS.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular oider of busi-
ness, the morning hour having expired, is the
eonsideiatiun of the special older, being Senate
bill No. 12, extending the time within which tho
States and Territories may accept the grant of
lauds mdde by the act entitled "An act donating
