1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3447
through a friendly country. It would not be half
the distance in length, consequently it would not
be subject to half the exposure of interruption
and of being broken by guerrilla parties or by
military expeditions. Another essential differ-
ence is that a good portion of the circuitous route
is through an unfriendly and hostile country
where guerrillas are couched in almost every bush,
and where there is a constant watch to make dep-
redations on the railroad and to cut the line of
communication. These hazards and difficulties
would all be obviated by the construction of the
new route.
The Secretary of War and the general-in-chief
seem to think that this new road is unnecessary
in some degree, because they consider the war as
pretty well over between here and Knoxville and
on to Chattanooga, I suppose. That may be so
or it may not be so. I do not think this war is
over yet. If it is, trtid the Union is to be restored,
there may be wars in the future, and as a line of
military communication and a bond of union be-
tween the northwestern and southern States this
would be the most important and the strongest liga-
ment that could be constructed in the form of inter-
nal improvement. If the war is about to be brought
to a speedy close the southern States will long b^
in a state of very bad feeling toward the Union
and the General Government. There will be erup-
tions; the earthquake will have subsided, but its
heavings will sfil! continue; it will throw out its
destructive lava continually; and the best means
of communication that the Government could have
to reduce the rebel States to obedience, to tran-
quilize thejn, and to reinduce the reign of law and
order and peace that could possibly be devised
would be this railroad. I think that in every point
of view in which it can be considered the load
ought to be undertaken and completed.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Mr. President, hav-
ing been upon the committee that reported this
measure favorably, I deem it proper to say a few
words to show the reasons that influenced my
action upon the committee and that will influence
my vote here. I shall not at this stage of the
session detain the Senate by any lengthy speech,
but give simply the history of our legislation
on this subject heretofore, and its present po-
sition.
In the first annual message of the present Pres-
ident of the United States the construction of this
military road was recommended to Congress. In
pursuance of that recommendation a joint reso-
lution was passed authorizing the construction of
the road. Under that the Secretary of War com-
menced to make contracts for the construction of
the road. At the end of some twelve months
Congress, as I conceive by ill-advised and hasty
•action, repealed the joint resolution authorizing
the construction of tlieroad. Now, this joint
resolution has been passed h,y the House of Rep-
resentatives providing for the same thing that we
provided for by an act of Congress some two
years since. I had no doubt then that the meas-
ure should pass. I have no doubt now that it
should pass. Then we had the approbation of
the Secretary of War and all the military author-
ities. Now we have the opposition of the Secre-
tary of War on account of what he considers the
changed position of the military affairs of the
country to this road. It will be seen by a map
which I hold in my hand that our present line
of communication with the army in northern
Georgia, commencing at Cincinnati and going
around to Chattanooga and thence to Knoxville,
is five hundred and eighty-fonrand one half miles
from our base of supplies. Thatdistance will be
shortened two hundred and ninety-five and one
half miles by havingadirect communication from
Cincinnati across the States of Kentucky and
Tennessee. I have no doubt of the propriety of
this proposed railroad, and that Congress has a
right to establish either military or post roads
and to appropriate money for their construction.
If there is any measure which commends itself
to the support of Congress, it seems to me it is
this road.
Why is it that it was necessary two years ago
and is not necessary now? Because theSecie-
tary of War says in his "opinion, and Genera!
Halleclc says m his opinion it cannot be con-
structed in time to be effective as a war measme
during the present rebellion, flow can we know
that? The tiuth of these two opinions niuwi be
tested by the question how long the war will last;
and no man can tell how long the war may last.
The sin and curse of the prosecution of this whole
war have been that we have continually been tem-
porizing, resorting to temporary measures, and
have not resorted to measures permanent in their
character. If this measure had been executed
two years ago, I hesitate nothing- in saying that
five times the whole cost of the construction of
the road would have been saved in transportation.
What are the two points of importance, the two
strategic points controlling southeastern Ken-
tucky and eastern Tennessee? They are the Cum-
berland Gap and Ilnoxville. Knoxville is one
hundred ana forty-nine miles from the termination
of the Cincinnati and Lexington railroad, over a
mountainous country, a comparatively poor and
barren country, with small valleys, and where an
army cannot be supported by any home produc-
tion. You have to rely for the support of your
armies either at Cumberland Gap or at Knox-
ville upon your bases of supplies upon the Ohio
river. These bases of supplies are located at Cin-
cinnati and at Louisville. More than one half of
the whole transportation would be cut off by the
construction of this road.
Now, sir, y.ou have in opposition to this pres-
ent bill the opinion of the Secretary of War,
when two years ago he urged its* importance.
Now he opposes it because forsooth the rebellion
is soon to close and there is to be no more mili-
tary necessity for this military road. The first
and most important objection, as I understood
from the reading of the letter, was that the road
cannot now be constructed in time to make it an
efficient agent m the suppression of the rebellion;
and misappiehensious exist in the mind of Sena-
tors in reference to the time it will take to con-
struct this road and in reference also to the cost
of the road. The estimate for the construction
is less than five million dollars instead of twenty
or thirty millions, and it is believed by the friends
of the road and those best calculated to judge that
it may be constructed within less than one year.
I hope very much that the rebellion may he sup-
pressed in one year, though I doubt whether it
will be; but whether it is or not, I wish to pro-
vide means for occupying southern Kentucky and
East Tennessee.
But the Secretary has some other objections.
He says that the communication with the army
in northern Georgia is complete without it. Now,
sir, what is that communication? It is from Cin-
cinnati to Seymour, in Indiana, to Louisville, to
Nashville, to Chattanooga, and then directly
doubling upon your route hack to Knoxville,
making five hundred and eighty-four and a half
miles instead of two hundred and eighty-wine
miles. That is the only route and the only com-
munication which the Secretary speaks of except,
he says, you have a water communication by
means of the Cumberland and the Tennessee
rivers. Every one knows that you cannot rely
upon the navigation of those rivers except for
three or four months of the year, and they really
amount to nothing. If your railroads weie cut
to-day, you could not feed your troops for twen-
ty-four hours at Chattanooga or m northern
Georgia by means of water transportation. It is
perfectly idle and fallacious, as every gentleman
knows. Every intelligent Senator must know
that any reliance of the Secretary of War on
water communication by means of the Cumber-
land and Tennessee rivers is utterly erroneous.
Then you rely simply on a long line of railroad
through the enemy's country, of nearly six hun-
dred miles, when you have the means of con-
structing a road of one hundred and foity-nine
miles in length to make your communication per-
fect, and not through the enemy's country but
through the most loyal poitinn of the United
States, the mountain region of Kentucky and
East Tennessee. It is there as it lias always been;
wheg, freedom has been driven from the valley
and the, plain she has found her abiding place and
last home upon the mountain tops; and so it is
there. There is no moie loya! people upon earth
than the people inhabiting every foot of this rail-
rood mute fiom its present termination toKnox-
ville in Tennessee, one hundied and foity-nine
miles.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is the esti-
mated t J
Mr. JjAIVE, of Indiana. Kour*million four
hundred and seventy thousand dollars, and it
ought to have been made; and if we had had the
oidinary foresight and prudence of any ordinary
business man in conducting his own affairs it
would have been made more than two years.ago.
„ These are the objections to the measure. What
are its recommendations? We have the recom-
mendation of ten major and brigadier generals .
who have commanded upon the spot. Everyone
of them tells you it is a matter of necessity, of
military necessity, and that you cannot support
your armies at Knoxville or Cumberland Gap
unless you have this opmmunication. Every sin-
gle genera! officer who has ever been upon the
ground makes precisely the same report, and you
have nothing against it except the letter of the
Secretary of War, who two years ago urged it
again and again, but now opposes it because you
have an existing line of five hundred and eighty-
four and a half miles which he says is a paiallel
line with a road of one hundred and forty-nine
miles running directly south, and his parallel line
commences at Cincinnati, goes by way of Sey-
mour and Louisville and Nashville ami Chatta-
nooga, and then turns up on itself and comes
almost due east to Knoxville. *
These are the reasons which influence me to
vote for this measuie. I have no doubt about it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. How soon can the
road be made?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. It can be made, as the
friends of the measure and the friends of the coun-
try there say, in less than twelve months. I
have no doubt of it; and without beinga prophet,
without affecting to prophesy, I tell you that
twelve months hence you will need a military
railroad there precisely as you do to-day. 1 fc«Y
you will, although I hope the rebellion may be
suppressed, but whether it is suppressed sooner
or later I wish to prepare now to occupy East
Tennessee and the Cumberland Gap permanently,
and it never can be done without this railroad.
How was it last winter when Burnside was cooped
up in Knoxville upon quarter rations, when you
had to wagon your provisions one hundred and
foity-five miles over a mountain region, and his
army was only supported for twenty days by
the voluntary contributions of these poor East
Tennessee people who have been duven from their
homes, who have been slaughtered, whose houses
have been burned over their heads, and his oimy
would have had to retreat there without supplies
if it had not been for these very loyal East Ten-
nesseeans?
Now we ask you to make a road so that you
can supply yout army and occupy East Tennes-
see permanently and the mountain region of Ken-
tucky permanently. The reportof General Burn-
side is that when he was upon quaiter rations in a
starving country-—a country that had been overrun
by the rebels for two years—atthe end of twenty
days, instead of being forced to retreat, he had from
voluntary contributions more provisions than he
had when the siege commenced. Now we pro-
pose to hold that country, and it ran only be done
by this railroad. Cut the communication with the
army leading to Chattanooga and it compels a re-
treat. If you have this railroad you can throw
provisions into Cumberland Gap and Knoxville
at will, for this railroad is not subject to be cut
by raiders and marauders. It runs through a
loyal mountain region where they will protect the
road. Why should we not give this lailroad to
the people of East Tennessee? Why should we
not protect them ? They have three hundred thou-
sand inhabitantsali told, and a voting population
of thirty-five thousand; twenty-one thousand of
thatnumber arc nowin the Union armies. Starved
and persecuted and abandoned as they have been
by the Government for the last three years, they
are still true to the country and true to the Hag.
The two important points, as I tell you, are Cum-
berland Gap and Knoxville. This railroad will
pass within fifteen milesof the Cumberland Gap,
so that if you wish to supply that point, instead
of wagoning your provisions one hundred and
fifty miles you have but fifteen miles of wagon
road. You lessen the distance to Ciiattanooga
mote than one hundred miles even from Knox-
ville. You lessen the distance to Knoxville two
hundred end ninety-five miles from Cincinnati.
You have a direct communication south from the
State of Kentucky,tunning almostdncctIy south
from Cincinnati twohundtedaml ninety-five niih .%
