. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
New Series No. 29.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 186*.
of attainder resulting from judgment or death were
fixed and uniform. In the language of the old
law writers, an attainder was said to work cor-
ruption of blood and forfeiture of estates and chat-
tels.
By the corruption of blood the person attainted
wasdeprived.of the powerof inheriting and trans-
muting lands. There could be no descent to him,
or through him, or from him. The forfeiture of
lands related back to the time of the commission
of flu* offense; that of chattels only to the time of
conviction.
It is necessary for us to bear in mind this much
of the law on a subject familiar to the framers of
the Constitution, m order properly to interpret
their meaning in the clause in question. It is very*
certain they had no allusion to the first of these
species of attainder—that by bill or act of Parlia-
ment. A prior clause of the instrument, in article
one, section nine, disposed of that by providing
that " no bill of attainder shall be passed." Our
inquiry, therefore, is limited to the attainder con-
sequentupon judgment of death. The Constitu-
tion prohibited bills of attainder, and restricted
judicial attainders for treason by providing that
they should not work corruption of blood, or for-
feiture except during the life of the person at-
tainted, but it neither prohibited nor restricted at-
tainders for murder or other felony not amount-
ing to treason. There is no restriction upon the
power of Congress to prescribe the punishment
of crime, unless it be found in this provision, or
in the one which prohibits u cruel and unusual
punishments." It may not be so easy to ascer-
tain what the framers of the Constitution meant
as to ascertain what they did not mean.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cox] maintains
that by the restriction the lands of the offender
can only be taken for life as a punishment for the
crime of treason, whether the process be by at-
tainder or by a sale of the lands for the payment
of a fine imposed upon the offender as a part of
the sentence. This position is singular. There
are other crimes against the United States besides
the crime of treason, running from it down the
scale of depravity to the fraudulent use of post-
age stamps. A few of these are punished with
death, but most of them by fine and imprisonment.
To satisfy the fine imposed for some small lar-
ceny commuted on the high seas, the lands of the
offender may be sold from him absolutely; and
yet it is gravely urged that for the cume of trea-
son—the highest known to the law—they can only
be sold for the life of the offender. Theabsuid-
ity of this position becomes the mote manifest
when it is remombeied that at the time of the
formation of the Constitution there was no pun-
ishment known for the crime of treason in any
country in the world except that of death. We
have therefore a grave assembly actually provid-
ing in an instrument intended to perpetuate their
collected wisdom to the latest posterity that the
lands of a convicted traitor, under sentence of
death, and just about to be hanged, should be
taken fiom him for life as a part of the punishment
of his crime; and the same assembly in the same
instrument allowing the lands of a convicted thiefy
where the life estate would leally be worth some-
thing, to be sold from him absolutely in expiation
of his offense. Surely the frameis of the Con-
stitution did not mean this.
Another theory is that Congress may impose a
fine as a part of the sentence of the convicted trai-
tor,•under which his lands may be seized and sold
absolutely, but that where the lands themselves
are forfeited as an incident to the judgment of
death they revert back to the heir immediately
upon the death of the traitor. This position is open
to thesameobjectionas the former. Whyshould
the lands be forfeited at all if for so shorts period
as elapses between the conviction and execution
of the criminal? I say between the conviction and
execution, because although the forfeiture relates
back to the commission of the offense, yet it does
not carry mesne profits and so does not avail the
Government anything until after the conviction.
There is atili another objection to this position.
20
Whyshould the framers of the Constitution permit
that to be done by one of these processes which it
prohibited by the other? Whyshould they allow
the lands to be sold absolutely for the fine and in the
same case only forfeited for life by the attainder?
It may be said that Congress, having the power
to fix the punishment for treason, might make it a
long imprisonment instead of death, and thereby
render the forfeited life estate of some value to the
Government, and its forfeiture a corresponding
punishment to the criminal. This would make a
material change in the doctrineof attainder, yetit
would be possible. But the question recurs, why
single out the crime of treason for this immunity
from punishment? Why favor the traitor more
than the murderer, the pirate, the forger, the thief?
Again, fine is the usual accompaniment of im-
prisonment, and for the fine itis conceded by these
theorists the lands may be sold absolutely. Of
what use then would the provision be? -
It would be curious to trace the results of this
theory. A man commits treason. By the very
acta life estate in his lands is forfeited. What
becomes of the remainder? It either remains in
the traitor unforfeited or does not. If it remains
unforfeited, the traitor may sell it for the entire
value of the whole estate; for it must be remem-
bered that the purchaser only awaits the hanging
to go into possession, and so the Government
would forfeit nothing. But it may be said that
the execution nmy be put off for twenty or thirty
years to obviate this pro tanto, or the traitor may
shelter himself within the enemy's country, and
so not get hanged. Grant this; still the traitor
may sell the remainder and use the proceeds m
aid of the enemy. This is supposing the remain-
der to remain unforfeited. Now suppose it for-
feited. Then it is true the traitor cannot sell it
or use it for the enemy, but it is forfeited, and the
Constitution says, according to these theorists,
that the remainder cannot be forfeited. But sup-
pose the Constitution docs not mean what it says,
but directly the opposite: that is to say, that both
life estate and remainder can be forfeited. What
becomes of the remainder? It will be said it vests
in the traitor's children. Yet there is no warrant
in the Constitution for such a conclusion. That
document says nothing about the children nor of
the remainder. There ought to be some clear, un-
equivocal provision to justify legislating one man's
property from him and vesting it in another. We
mast bear in mind that we are assuming the power
to take the remainder from the traitor against the
clear prohibition to forfeit more than a life estate,
and then vesting it in third persons without the
smallest warrant in the Constitution for it.
But grant all that is asked on the other side of
the question. Insert or imagine.ill that is neces-
sary to carry out that view. Thus, a man com-
mits treason. By the act his estate in lands is
divided into a life estate and remainder. The life
estate is forfeited to the Government and the re-
mainder is vested in the children immediately.
This is a mode of creating a remainder of which
Feme and Blu&kstone knew nothing; but the pres-
ent is an age of inventions, and remainders created
by crime,"though very noyiil, cannot be said to be
impossible things! But why confer a benefit upon
the children of the traitor? We arc asked not to
punish them for the crime of the lather. This we
readily accede to, but why give them a premium
upon it? No law-maker would intentionally make
the crime of the father a pecuniaiy benefit to the
children.
It is important to the inquiry in hand to trace
out the consequences of forfeiture for life by at-
tainder, because the same results would follow
confiscation for life, and if life attainders are im-
practicable, life confiscations are equally so. If
the argument is not conclusive upon the fast
branch of the inquiry, the right to confiscate abso-
lutely, it will at least have a strong bearing upon
the second, the policy of doing so.
Suppose a father and an only son be implicated
in the same treason. What becomes of the re-
mainder then ? It cannot be cast upon the son.
His blood is corrupted. He can take nothing.
Whatever he would otherwise take passes imme-
diately to the Government. But the Government
can only take a life estate, and that it has already.
What then becomes of the remainder? Would it
go to the children of the son ? No. His blood is
corrupted during his life. He takes nothing.
Hence nothing can be taken through him or from
him. What then becomes of the remainder?
It must be borne in mind that this is no improb-
able state of facts. In this rebellion there are cases
of two and even three generations of traitors.
There is much force in the views of the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. 0«th] and the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] that the for-
feiture was not to be worked at all unless it should
be worked in the-lifetime of the offender. They
would interpret the clause thus: " but no attain-
der for treason shall work corruption of blood or
forfeiture exccpt it shall do i£dutmg the life of the
person attainted." The sentence is elliptical. In
all renderings, something must be implied after
the word exccpt. To make the interpretation of
the gentleman from Ohio, we must insert or im-
ply proper words: thus,1 'but no attainder for trea-
son shall work corruption of blood or forfeiture
except such as shall continue only during the life of
the person attainted." I use the word except in both
versions because I find it in the original. Web-
ster and the gentleman from Ohio differ in opinion
about its meaning. Webstersays it is equivalent
to unless. Probably I ought to let posterity settle
the question between these learned and honorable
gentlemen. But at the risk of being accused of
presumption in offering an opinion where such
high authorities differ, I will suggest that except
always means unless, except (or unless) where it
is used as an imperative verb or preposition, with
itsobject expressed; and that there is no objectex-
piessed in the clause in question. Congress did
not, however, adopt the system of attainder.
Hence whichofthe interpretations is the trueone
is of no importance whatever, unless (or except)
an attempt shall be made to adopt that system.
If the framers of the Constitution intended to
forfeit the lands of a traitor only for his life and
restore them to his heirs at his death, they se-
lected a very unfortunate word in the word " dur-
ing." If the phrase had been "except for the
life of the person attainted," the meaning con-
tended for would have been more apparent. To
say that a man cannot convey lands except during
his life is to say what everybody knows, that he
cannot convey them except while he is alive. But
to say he cannot except for life, is to say he can-
not except for a life estate. Both these words as
they are used have reference to continuance. The
difference is this: " during" refers to the happen-
ing of the event, requiring it to happen within the
period specified. " For" has reference to the ex-
tent of the event, requiring it to cover the entire
period, and no more. In the language of- gram-
marians, " during the life of the person attainted"
may be a phrase in the nature of an adverb, modi-
fying the meaning of the verb " work," while " for
the life of the person attainted" would be a phrase
in the nature of an adjective, modifying the mean-
ing of the noun " forfeiture." One limits the time
of working; the other the duration ofthe forfeiture.
An event may happen during a period, without
continuing for the period.
All I chum here is that " during" is an unfortu-
nate woid if the intention was to limit the con-
tinuance of the forfeiture, since its more obvious
function would he to limit the time of the work-
ing. ft may, however, do either. An estate may
vest during zoidowhood, or an estate during widow-
hood may vest. In the former case the estate may
be for years, for life, or in fee; in the latter it can
be only for or during widowhood.
Again, why is this argument limited to the lands
of die offender? What warrant is there in the
language of the Constitution or in the doctrine of
attainder to exclude from the operation of the re-
striction the personal estate of the traitor* The
words of the Constitution are that " no attainder
for treason shall work forfeiture." The forfeit-
ure of attainder is of all the property of the of-
