3448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'July 1,
instead of going around six hundred miles by
Louisville and Nashville and Chattanooga. _ _
It seems to me the plainestpossible proposition.
If the Government has the right to build a mili-
tary bridge to cross a stream, to establish a road,
whether a dirt road or a plank road, they have
an equal right to establish a railroad, and it seems
to me that every consideration of public policy
requires the passage of this joint resolution. The
only mistake.we made was that it was not passed
and acted upon three years ago, and, the cost of
its construction would have been saved five times
over, and all the terrible suffering at ICnoxville
and Chattanooga for want *f provisions and for-
age would have been saved to the Government.
I forbear to trespass on the Senate further, but
I tell you now this bill will pass to-day or it will
pass next session. Such is the sense of the Sen-
ate and Congress that they will never suffer this
measure to fail. It is an absolute necessity grow-
ing out of the condition of war, and if the war
were over the benefits conferred upon the country
would he returned to the country tenfold for its
construction, in makinga grand ligament binding
together the free mountain region of Tennessee
and the great Northwest, upon which two sections
my hope for the supremacy of the Government
and the recstabhshment of the Constitution main-
ly rests.
Mr. WADE. I once more move tp postpone
the present and all prior orders and take up House
bill No. 244, to guaranty to certain States whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown a
republican form of government.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope that motion
will not prevail. I suppose the discussion on this
Danville and Knoxvillo railroad bill is now
through and we are prepared to vote. 1 look upon
it as one of the most important questions before
Congiess. If we construct the road now, when
peace i« restored Kentucky and Tennessee will
take the road off the hands of Government; but
I feel thatag a measure to crush out tobellion and
to secure East Tennessee and the mountainous
portions of Kentucky this, road should be made,
and I hope the motion of the Senator from Ohio
will not prevail.
Mr. L'OMEUOY. I do not suppose we can
build this rand in five years, and I do not sup-
pose that we can run this war five years, and we
may as well let the question of building the road
go by and proceed with something that wc can
finish.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. I have this to say as
my opinion as to the continuation of tins war,
that if is to be continued interminably without ref-
erence to years until success crowns our efloit.x.
That this road can be luiilt within one year, we
have the judgment of the Senator from Indiana,
whose judgment I would nust as fully as the
judgment of my colleague. Here is a people in
the mountainous regions of Kentucky and East
Tennessee furnishing the most loyal of the loyal
of our country, and I understand from the geog-
raphy of the country that tin* road will be a
grand thoroughfare in time of peace, and tlmf the
States of Kentucky and Tennessee would cheer-
fully icfund Lo the Government its cost and take
the load from the Government.
The PRESi DENT pro tempore.. The question
is on the motion of the Semum from Ohio.
Mi. POWELL. I call for the yens and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered; and being
taken, le-julted—yeas :](), nays 11; at; follow.--;:
YftAi5 -"We^rs. Anthoiu, Chandler, (JI.uk, Comics*,
Gumcs NuSc, Harlan, Henderson, Morgan. "Mori ill, I'oiue
roy, H.udm-v, Sherman, Spia<rne. Sunnier, Ten Kyck,
Tjiiniliiiil, Wade, Wilkinson, <uid Willey—^0.
NAYS—Minmn. I'iovvii, Cailrle, Cow.in, l>avi^. Head
ricks, I, lac <>l Indiana, Lane ot K.m&as, Powell, Ricli.nd-
soti, Kiddle,and Saiilshur\ — II
Al'SENT—lim'k.ilcw, Oollann r, Dixon, Duo-
Iittie, Fc-M'udeu, Toot, Kn-iet, IhndniL'. Ikun-;. links,
Unwind. Howe, John-on, McDoiigall, Ncbautli, Van Win-
kle. Wilson,and Wiight—18.
So the motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to.
SEAMEN ON WRECKED VESSELS.
Mr. HALE. By the consent of the Senator
fiom Ohio, I ask leave to take up a bill which has
come back to us from the House of Representa-
tives with on amendment. I supply wish to have
the amendment non-concurred in. it is a bill
about adjusting senmvn's accounts.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 246) for the relief
of seamen and others, not officers, borne on the
books of vessels wrecked or lost in the naval ser-
vice.
The amendment was disagreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. POWELL, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 345) to prevent the Secretary of War,
and persons engaged in the military service of the
United States, from interfering with the freedom
of religion; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and or-
dered to be printed.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. SUMNER. I submitthe following report
from a committee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votesof
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. U. No.
207) making appiopriations for the construction, preserva-
tion, and repairs of ccitain fortifications and other woiks
of defense lor the year ending June 30, 18(55, having met,
alter full aud tiee eonfeicnce have agreed to recommend
and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede ftom then fir-t amendment.
That the House recede from their di&agieement to the
third amendment of the Senate and agree to the same.
That the. House recede tioui their disagreement to the
second amendment of tiie Senate and agree to the same
Willi an amendment, as follows :
Insert m hen of the matter stricken out, tiie following:
Fonenairsand completion of*ea-wall at Buffalo,$37,oUO.
CHARLES SUMNER,
JOHN CONNESS,
Managers on the p/nt of the Senate.
GEORGE II. PENDLETON,
ALEXANDER. II. RIUE,
JOIIN GANSON,
Manage) s on Ike puit of the House.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
was done with the amendment made by the Sen-
ale in regard to the sea-walls in Boston harbor.
Mr. SUMNER. The House of Representa-
tives insisted on thataml the Senate have receded.
Air. GRIMES. I should like to know who
composed the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate. I see that only two have signed the lepoit.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Tf.n Eyck] was one of the committee.
The report was concurred in.
RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
Mr. WADE. Let the bill which I have called
up be now read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 244) to guaranty to certain States whose
governments have been usurped or overthrown,
a republican form of government, is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
will be read.
The'bill was read. .
The fit st section provides that, in the States de-
clared in rebellion against the United States, tiie
President shall, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appoint for each a provisional
governor, whose pay and emoluments shall not
exceed that of a brigadier general of volunteers,
who shall be charged with the civil administration
of such State until a State government therein
shall be recognized as hereinafter provided.
The second section de dares that so soon as
the military resistance to the United States shall
have been suppressed in any such State, and the
people thereof shall have sufficiently returned to
their obedience to the Constitution and the laws
of the United States, the provisional governor
shall duvet the marshal of the United States, as
speedily as may be, to name a sufln'ient number
of deputies, and to enroll all white male citizens
of the United Stales resident in the State m their
respective counties, and to request each one to
take the oath to support the Constitution of the
United States,and m his enrollment to designate
those who take and those who refuse to take tiiat
oath, which rolls are to be forthwith returned to
the provisional govei not •, and if the persons tak-
ing that oath amount to a majority of the persons
enrolled iti the State, he is by proclamation t9in-
vite the loyal people of the State to elect delegates
to a convention charged to declare the will of the
people of the State relative to the reestabhshment
of a State government, subject to and in con-
formity with the Constitution of the United States.
The convention, by the third section, is to con-
sist of as many members as both houses of the
last constitutional State Legislature, apportioned
by the provisional governor among tiie counties,
parishes, or districts of the State, in proportion
to the white population returned as electors,'by .
the marshal, in compliance with the provisions of
the act. The provisional governor is by proc-
lamation to declare the number of delegates to be
elected by each county, parish, or election dis-
trict; to name a day of election not less than thirty
days thereafter; to designate the places of voting
in each county, parish, or district, conforming,
as nearly as may be convenient, to the places used
in the State elections next preceding the rebel-
lion; to appoint one or more commissioners to
hold the election at each place of voting, and pro-
vide an adequate force to keep the peace during
the election.
The fourth, section provides that the delegates
shall be elected by the loyal white male citizens
of the United States of the age of twenty-one
years, and resident at the time in the county,
parish, or district in which they shall offer to
vote, and enrolled as before provided, or absent
in the military service of the United States, and
who shall take and subscribe the oath of alle-
giance to the United States in the form contained
in the act of Congress of July 2, 18G2; and all
such citizens of the United States who are in the
military service of the United States are to vote
at the headquarters of their respective commands,
under such regulations as may be prescribed by
the provisional governor for the taking and re-
turn of their votes; hut no person who has held
or exorcised any office, civil or military, State or
confederate, under the rebel usurpation, or who
has voluntarily borne arms against the United
States, is to vote or be eligible to be elected as
delegate at such election.
The fifth section directs the commissioners to
hold the election in conformity with the act, and,
so far as it may be consistent therewith, to pro-
ceed in the manner used in the State prior to the
rebellion. The oath of allegiance is.to be taken
and subscribed on the poll-books by every voter;
but every person known by or proved to thecom-
missioneis to have held or exercieed any office,
civil or military, State or confederate, under the
rebel usurpation, or to have voluntarily borne
arms against the United States, is to be excluded
though he offer to take the oath; and in case any
person who shall have borne arms against the
United States shall offer to vote he shall be
deemed to have Ljorne arms voluntarily unless he
shall prove the contrary by the testimony of a
qualified voter. The poll-bookshowing the name
and oath of each voter is to be returned to the
provisional governor by the commissioners of
election or the one acting, and the provisional
governor is to canvass the returns, and declare
the person having the highest number of votes
elected.
The sixth section makes it the duty of the pro-
visional governor, by pt oclamation, to convene
the delegates elected 'at the capital of the State,
on a day not more than three months after the
election, giving at least thirty days' notice of
such day; or in case the capital shall in hisjudg-
, ment be unfit, he is to appoint another place,
lie is to pt eside over the deliberations of the con*
vention, and administer to each delegate, before
taking his scat in the convention, the oath of alle-
giance to the United States in the form presenbed
by the acL of July 2, 1862.
The seventh section provides that the conven-
tion shall declare, on behalf of the people of the
State, their submission to the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and shall adopt the
following provisions, hereby prescribed by the
United States in the execution of the constitu-
tional duty to guaranty a republican form of gov-
ernment to every State, and incorporate them in
the constitution of the State, namely: First. No
pel son who has held or exercised any office, civil
or military, except offices merely ministerial and
nnlitaiy offices below the giade of colonel, State
or confederate, under the usurping power, shall
vote for or be a member of the Legislature, or
Governor. Second. Involuntary servitude is for-
ever prohibited, and the freedom of all persons is
guarantied in said State. Third. No debt, State
or confederate, created by or under the sanction
of the usurping power, shall be recognized or
paid by the State.
According to the eighth section, when thecon-
j| vention shall have adopted those provisions, it
li shall ptoceed to reestablish a republican fouu ot
