450
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
fender, personal as well as real. By what pecu-
liar contrivance has the personal property of the
traitor escaped the constitutional restriction ? The
answer is that by the common law there can be no
life estate in chattels; that the possession carries
with it the entire property. Let this be granted,
yet by the laws of England and of the several
States of the Union tiiere is what is equivalent to
a life estate in personalty. When justice requires
it, the courts have no difficulty in giving one the
income of personalty for life and another the prin-
cipal in quasi remainder.' Butif this were not the
case, whero the organic law of the land provides
expressly that the chattels of a traitor shall only
be forfeited for his life, it is the business of the
law-making power to contrive some process by
which this provision can be carried out.
There is, therefore, no warrant for the distinc-
tion attempted to be made between realty and per-
sonalty, and either tire latter cannot or the former
can be forfeited absolutely for treason. Now, a
pecuniary fine is a forfeiture of the personalty of
him on whom it is imposed, arid-, as farjas it goes,
it is an absolute forfeiture. It follows, then, that
not the smallest pecuniary line can be imposed
upon the traitor, or that all his estate, real and
personal, can bo taken in expiation of his crime.
The statute of 7 Anne, chapter twenty-one, en-
acted about the beginning of the eighteenth cen-
tury, was intended to have the effect now attribu-
ted to the clause in question of the Constitution.
That statute must have been familiar to the framers
of the Constitution,and the fact that they did not
copy it or embrace its provisions would naturally
give rise to the suspicion that tliey did not intend
to produce the consequences it did. The statute
provides that
"No jutaindor for treason shall extend to the disinherit-
ing of>ny heir, not to the prejudice of the right or title of
any person other than the light or title of the offender
during his natuial life only; and that it blmll ami mav hi;
lawful for cveiypeison to whom the rjyhtor inteio^tofany
lands, tenements, or hciediument^, alter the death oi any
such offender, should or might have appertained if no Mieh
attainder had been, <  entei into the b.mie."
On the other hand, the words of the Constitu-
tion are:
''But no attainder of tieahon shall woik eorrnption oi
blood, or forfeituie except dining the life of the person
attainted."
The statute limits its operations by express
words to realty; the Constitution not only docs
not, but uses a term which embraces nil property
of all kinds. The inference is that the Constitu-
tion was intended to embrace all property of all
kinds. The statute iixes by express words the
duration of the forfeiture, limiting it to the life of
the offender, and expressly restoring the estate
at his deatli to the heir; the Constitution does
not expressly limit the duration of the forfeiture.
It possibly remures it to he worked in the life-
time of the offender, but whether it intended to
limit its duration to that period is by no means
clear. With a statute before them expressly pro-
viding for the restoration of the estates to the heir
on tiie death of the traitor, it is singular that the
framers of the Constitution did not follow its pro-
visions if they intended the same result.
The purpose of the constitutional clause was
certainly to limit in some degree the effect of at-
tainder. Its authors might wholly have prohib-
ited this relic of a darker age, but they e.hose not
to restrict the powers of Congress to that extent.
Notwithstanding the absurd consequences of
attempting to carry out a system of attainders re-
stricted according to this theory of the constitu-
tional provision, i am of the opinion that the fram-
ers of the instrument really intended to prohibit
attainders from having any effect except fur the
life ot the offender. Iam forced to thisconclusion
partly by what seems to have been the opinion of
contemporaneous writers, partly by the fact that
England had done the same thing by the statute
of Anne, and partly by the consideration that that
could have been the only possible intention. The
words refer either to the time of working or to
the duration of the forfeiture. That they do not
refer to the time of working, rcstncting t hat to the
lifetime of the offender, is evident when we leflect
that the clause relates to judicial attainders only,
legislative attainders being prohibited altogether
by the previous provision, and that judicial at-
tainders were abvays consummated during the life-
time of the person attainted. The time of work-
ing, therefore, needed no fixing, mid would admit
Of none, and the duration of the forfeiture is all
that could have been intended to be restricted by
the clause in question.
If it be asked why the framers of the Constitu-
tion inserted a provision the carrying out of which
leads to consequences so absurd, the answer is
this: they were more intent upon restricting this
relicof a darker age than upon seeing how it could
be put in operation so restricted. They knew
that if Congress found'difliculty in enforcing the
system of attainders under the restriction there
was this remedy: not to enforce them at all. And
accordingly the first Congress that met after the
adoption of the Constitution took the alternative,
and did not attempt to enforce the system, but in
so many words abolished the consequences of
attainder for all offenses.
Will it be said, therefore, that there can be no
forfeiture of lands or chattels for treason or other
crimes because there can be no attainder; that
therefore a man's property cannot be taken as a
punishment for crime?
If the Constitution had provided that "judg-
ment of death for treason shall not produce at-
tainder" would it have followed that Congress
could not make fine and forfeiture a part of the
punishment of treason ? The judgment of death
for murder docs not produce attainder. Yet no one
doubts the power of Congress to make fine and
forfeiture a part of the punishment for murder.
There is no constitutional limit of the power of
Congress to affix fine and forfeiture to crime as a
punishment, and this power has been exercised
without limit from 1790 to the present time. All
the Constitution does is to limit the effect of at-
tainder. It might be curious to examine into the
extent to which attainder is limited if Congress
were about to establish a system of attainder!" Hut
this ih not the ease; so far from it, the act of 1790
renders the constitutional provision wholly useless
for the time by abolishing attainders altogether,
or, which is the same thing, abolishing then con-
sequences: " Hut no conviction or judgment for
any of the offenses aforesaid shall woik corrup-
tion of blood or any forfeiture of estate.
It is worthy of roruaik that this very act of
1790 whk.h abolished attainders specifies twenty-
six different crimes, including treason, and pre-
scribes then* punishment in a few instances by
death, but mostly by fine and imprisonment. Did
the act that imppsed the fines enact that no fines
should be imposed when it said that "no judg-
ment for any of the crimes aforesaid shall work
forfeiture?"
The act of 1790 affords us a clue to the mean-
ing of the clause of the Constitution in question.
It was enacted immediately after the adoption of
the Constitution, and to some extent by the same
men who framed that instrument, and who there-
fore were likely to know its meaning. The act
enumerates I he often sex and fixes tho punishments,
mostly by taking away the property, more or less,
of the offender; and yet after this it provides that
no judgment for any of the offenses shall work for-
feiture. Did the act intend to defeat itself? Did
it mean that an offender's property should be taken
from him' for I us crime, but that he should not for-
feit his pioperty ? By no means; It intended the
ollender to forfeit that part of his piopei iy which
the court, should fix by the sentence, but it in-
tended the mere judgment to have no forfeiting
effect whatever. In short it intended to abolish
attainders with all their consequences.
We con see a reasojjcfor this. AtcommonJaw
the judgment in cases of felony forfeited all the
offender's property, whether much or little, and
without regard to the grade of the crime. This
was unequal, unjust. The spirit of a more en-
lightened age tequued the laws to graduate the
forfeiture to the offense, and to make the courts
say m the sentence how much of the offender's
pioperty should be forfeited. The act of 1790
says in efiect that the eoui ts mustiix the forfeiture
by the sentence, and that the mere judgment shall
woik neither forfeiture nor corruption of blood.
I he clause ot the Constitution is singularly cor-
respondent with the act of Congress. Uprovides
that Congress shall have power to fix the punish-
ment of treason. It does not limit this power in
any degree except by prohibiting cruel and un-
usual punishments. It then limits the effect of a
judgment for treason, not by abolishing attain-
ders, hutby restricting their effects. Congress-acts
under both these clauses, I r fixes the punishment
| of treason, first, by death; afterwards by fiifband
I imprisonment. It limits the effect ofthe judgment
by abolishing attainders altogether, in both cases
keeping within the bounds ofthe Constitution.
Now, until and unless and except an attempt
shall be made to revive the system of attainders,
it is only a curious inquiry to what extent the
Constitution restrains their effects. As long as
the law stands as it does now by the act of 1790
there is no danger of violating the constitutional
provision in question. If there are no attainders
at all, a fortiori are there no attainders working
forfeiture except during the life of the attainted.
Upon the whole matter I am convinced, fust,
thauhe framers of the Constitution did not intend
by the clause in question to limit the power of
Congiess to prescribe the punishment of treason,
but to limit the effect of attainders; and, second,
that attainders being abolished by the act of 1790
no act of Congress that does not reestablish them
can in any way come in conflict with that clause
of the Constitution.
Now, the act of 1862 is not itself a bill of at-
tainder. It is a public and not a private act of
Congress. It is a general law, not one affecting
an individual and his lands, and it does not revive
the doctrine of corruption of blood. Neither does
it revive the other species of attainder, that con-
sequent on judgment of death. It provides no ar-
raignment, no judgment of death, and, of course,
no attainder. It merely provides a process of law
by which the property of public enemies shall be
taken for the use of Government, a power pos-
sessed and exercised by all nations in all ages of
the world, necessarily incident to a state of war,
and expressly provided for in that clause of the
Constitution which empowers Congress to de-
clare war. It will not do for those at war with
us to say they arc only rebels, not public enemies.
That position would do for us. They have de-
nied all allegiance to our Government and have
set up one for themselves antagonistic to ours.
Possibly we might consider them rebels and trai-
tors and hang them as we catch them; but cer-
tainly they cannot claim the benefits of allegiance
after repudiating it. They therefore cannot com-
plain that the act of 1862 treats them as public
enemies and confiscates their estates as such.
There are two positions taken by very opposite
parties upon the status of those engaged m the
rebellion. One is that they are for all purposes
public, enemies, and to be treated as such; the
other is that for ail purposes they are our fellow-
citizens, and entitled to the benefits of the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States. I think both
these positions erroneous. I think the true theory
is this: the rebels are in the wrong by their own
voluntary act; they are therefore not entitled to
any of the advantages of their position, but are
subject to all the disadvantages of it. Against the
Government they cannotclaim to be either public
enemies or subjects, but the Government at its
election may treat them in either capacity, some-
times and for some pui poses in one, and some-
times and for other purposes in the other. When
subjects revolt the sovereign, if they ate few, ap-
plies the civil law, and hangs them or pardons
them. In theory iie may do so without regard to
the number of the le vol ting subjects. But in prac-
tice, as the number increases, the difficulty and
the cruelty of enforcing civil law increase, and
the more humane laws of war gradually step in.
Captives, instead of being hanged for treason are
treated as prisoners of war. Other nations inter-
fere in defense of their subjects. Aiding and abet-
ting traitois is treason; supplying traitors with
food and arms is aiding and abetting them. To
prevent the consequences of this, other nations
require the granting of belligerent rights to insur-
gents. Thus the laws of war take the place of
the civil law. But as between the sovereign-and
the revolted subjects the right to enforce civil law
is not changed. The laws of war are only super-
added, to be exercised at the option of the sov-
ereign, subject to the rights of other nations and
of humanity. Subject to these rights it is for
the sovereign to elect, in every particular case,
under which code of laws he will treat those in
revolt. The Government therefore may seize and
confiscate the property of traitors absolutely, un-
der the laws ot war; or it may fine and forfeit
absolutely under the civil law; but it cannot ex-
tend the effects of attainder for treason beyond
the life of the person attainted.
