1496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 8.
public lands to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts," approved July
2,1862, to which several amendments are pending.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The amendments which have
been proposed to the bill have been printed with
the bill, and laid upon the desks of members.
One is ail amendment submitted by myself, and
the others are amendments offered by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] and the
gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Windom.] For
the purpose of covering the whole ground, with-
out designating Indiana or any particular State, I
will submit a substitute.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
a substitute for the whole bill?
Mr.HOLMAN. No,sir. My pending amend-
ment is as follows:
Provided, however, That the State of Indiana, instead of
appropriating the land, hind scrip, or the pioceeds thereof,
to which that State shall be entitled by accepting the pro-
visions of said act, to the purposes specified in said act,
may, m the di cietiou of its Legislating, apply the same to
thc'education of orphan children oi soldiers and seamen of
said State who have died or m:y hereafter die fiom wounds
received or sickness contracted m the line of dutv while in
the military or naval .service of the United States during
the present war, in such manner as the said ^Legislature
may provide, it being the intention of this piovismn to en-
able the said State to apply the land, land scrip, or the pro-
ceeds theieof to either of the purposes afoiesaid, butto no
other purpose whatsoever; audit applied to the purpose
specified m the act aforesaid, it is not intended by this pro-
vision to relieve the State from any of the conditions of
said act.
I withdraw that amendment, and for it propose
the following:
ProiuleJ, however, That any State or Territory, instead
of appropriating the land, land <crip,or the proceed <; thereof,
to which such State or Territory has or shall become en-
titled by accepting the provision* of said act, to the pur-
poses therein specified, may, In the dtscieiion of its Legis-
lature, apply the.same or any part thereof to the support and
education oi oi phan children oi soldiei> and seamen of Mich
State or Termoj y, who have died or may hereafter die from
wounds received or sickness contracted in the line of duty
while in the military or naval .-eiv'tee of the United State*
during the pu-ent w;ir, m Mich manner as the Legislature
of bitch State oi Territory shall piovide, it being the inten-
tion of this piovKhm to enable any State or Terntory to
apply the land, land -cup, or the proceeds thereof, toeulter
ot the pui pos< snloiVsaid, bm to no otiior purpose whatever;
and it applied to the purposes sptu'ificd in the actatoicsaid
the pioviMoiis thCM-ot'shall be htnetiy complied with.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
amendmontot'Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, to in-
sert Illinois.
Mr. HOLMAN, The gentleman from Illinois
is not in his scat, and if my substitute be-adopted
his amendment becomes unnecessary. I have
withdrawn my original amendment. If the House
be not willing to adopt a general proposition, em-
bracing all the States,! ahull again submit my
original proposition.
The SPEAKER. Ifthr gentleman withdraws
his original proposition, then the amend merit of the
gentleman fiom Illinois [Mr. Washburne] falls.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I had forgot-
ten that tins bill had been made aspecial order for
this day. I trust a motion so important as that
now proposed will receive at least the attention
and earnest consideiation of the few gentlemen
now present. It is to be noticed that on so sim-
ple a proposition as this, a meie proviso to a
proper but unimportant bill of the Senate, the
whole system upon which public lands were
granted iur the establishment of agiicultural col-
leges, with a view to the instruction of the indus-
trial classes oi the country, is to be narrowed and
confined merely to those, who, unfortunately,
happen to be the orphans of men who have fallen
during the present war. I do notunderstand that
the orphan children of those who have fallen dur-
ing the present war are excluded under the pro-
visions of the original act. They are certainly
those who will be most likely to receive some
benefit from the law as it now stands.
This, sir, was an appropriation originally made
for a great and benevolent object. It was for the
improvement of the great industrial classes of our
people engaged in agriculture and the mechanic
arts, to enable them to get in this way a solid,
practical, and substantial education, and to get it
when they could not in any other way, because
of the cost of the classical schools of the country.
I rise to call the attention of the House to the
proposition now submitted for the withdrawal of
the proceeds of that grant and diverting it to any
purpose the States may see fit. It is now national
mils scope and ought not to become local. I
trust the agricultural and mechanical interests of
the country, having been for once acknowledged,
are not to be ignored and set aside at so early a
day. If the gentleman from Indiana desires to
make an appropriation for this particular class,
let him bring in a separate bill properly matured,
so that we may consider it upon its special mer-
its, and then he will encounter less opposition. I
trust we are not to give the donation already made,
and so worthily made, and upon which several
States have already acted, establishing agricul-
tural colleges, which are now in successful oper-
ation, a side-blow to destroy them in this way,
though one or more States should ask it, and I
do not understand that any State yet has so asked,
Mr. HALE. I trust, Mr. Speaker, that the
'House is not prepared to interfere with the action
of Congress appropriating a portion of the pub-
lic lands for the purpose of agricultural educa-
tion. This was a portion of the public domain
set apart for the express purpose of the improve-
ment of the agricultural science of the country
and of the mechanic arts. It was a national meas-
ure, and national property was appropriated for
that purpose. And if we are to authorize one
State to divert their portion of this fund to another
object, another State will eome here asking us
to permit it to divert theirs to another objcct,
and another to another object; and in this way
we shall defeat, to a great extent, the purpose of
Congress in passing the bill.
Now, I submit to my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman,] and to all others who are in favor of
this proposed amendment, that the orphans of
soldiers and sailors who die in battle are now en-
titled, if that State shall determine that that par-
ticular class of persons are more deserving than
any other, to receive the benefits of that act.
They may, if they see proper, provide that that
class shall exclusively enjoy the benefits of this
education. All wo ask is that this public prop-
erty so appropriated shall be applied in good faith
to the benefit of agricultural education.
Sir, there is no more important branch of ed-
ucation certainly than that relating to agriculture,
and there is no better service thatcan be rendered
by tin; State of Indiana, oruny other State, to the
orphan children of those falling in battle than to
give them a scientific agricultural education. It
is the great interest of the country. It is the best
education you con provide for these orphan chil-
dren. If the State of Indiana, therefore, choose
to provide that this chtss of orphans shall have
the prrfnonce over all others in reaping the ben-
efits of this appropriation, they have a perfect
right so to do; but 1 protest against this proposed
legislation on the part of Congress to divert this
fund fiom the gi cat object for which it was origin-
ally intended. It breaks in upon the consistency
of the system when wc allow a gentleman, for the
purpose of popularity, or for any other purpose,
to divert tins fund to any other object than that
for which it has been set apart. And if you give
that privilege to one State there will be no end to
the scramble that will take place in Congress
upon this subject.
It is certainly the part of wisdom, as it seems
to me, that we should keep the law upon this
subject as it now stands; and if, in the judgment
of the authorities of any State, one class of per-
sons is more meritorious than any other, there is
nothing m the law to prevent them from enjoying
the benefits of this appropriation of land exclu-
sively. if anyState thinks proper to entitle any
portion of its citizens to enjoy this exclusive
privilege, it is perfectly competent for them to
do so. But let us not here in the national Con-
gress divert this fund from the purpose for which
it was originally intended.
I hope all these amendments, therefore, will be
voted down. It is perfectly right that the time
fixed by law for the acceptance of this grant
should be extended. If any State has not hith-
erto been in a situation to avail itself of the bene-
fits of this law, it ought to have the time extended
to enable it to do so. But I repeat that 1 do ob-
ject to the legislation now proposed, the effect of
which will be to destroy the great object we had
in passing the original bill.
My own State has now in successful operation
an agricultural college where we educatea young
man for $100 a year. We board them and furnish
them with the best instruction the country affords
in all branches of aa agricultural, scientific edu-
cation, as well as a practical knowledge of agri-
culture.
Now, I submit to my friend from Indiana
whether his State can do better than to provide
an education for the orphan children of soldiers
and seamen who may be slain in battle at that
low price. That is much better than to appro-
priate a sum of money directly to them, especially
when it will result in so much benefit to the ag-
ricultural interests of the State.
I hope, therefore, that the time for accepting
this grant will be extended, and that these amend-
ments will be voted down.
Mr. SPALDING. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of entering my protest against diverting these
lands from the purpose Congress had in view
in making the original grant. That object was
the benefit of the great agricultural interests of
the country. I do not know a more laudable ob-
ject. And we ought to hold these lands in good
faith for that purpose. If we commence under
these specious and plausible pretexts to divert
them for the benefit of the children of soldiers
who have been killed in battle in one portion of
the country, what is to prevent a further diver-
sion for any other charitable object?
If it be necessary to institute and organize
schools and colleges for the benefit of the off-
spring of our gallant soldiers, let U3 have ah ori-
ginal billforthat purpose; I will give it my hearty
support. But do not let us do injustice to the
laboring classes of our country; do not let us
divert from them the means of acquiring a whole-
some education, for the purpose of giving these
lands forany other purpose whatever. 1 ask the
attention of both sides of the House to the sub-
ject, for it is only necessary that the vote should
be given understanding^ to put down this project
decidedly.
Mr. HOLMAN. If this general proposition
does not meet the approval of the House I hope
at least that such States as may desire the bene-
fits of this provision may be permitted to have
it. 1 am unable, as a matter of course, to speak
for other States. I believe I understand what arc
the views and wishes of my constituents upon
the subject, and I think I know what would be
the wishes of the people generally of the State of
Indiana, But of course I cannot speak for gen-
tlemen representing any other State, or their con-
stituents.
In submitting, however, this general proposi-
tion, applicable alike to all States and Territories
in lieu of the proposition as it originally stood, I
sought to recommend the measure to the favor of
gentlemen who might oppose different policy for
the several States. The gentleman from Ohio
talks about the question of good faith. There is
no question of faith at all involved in this mat-
ter. There is no agricultural college the rights
of which are to be impaired. In any event, it is
purely discretionary with the Legislature whether
they can appropriate the lands better to the found-
ing of agricultural colleges than to the mainten-
ance and education of that large class of children
that must be thrown upon either the justice of
the States and nation or upon the charity of the
country. For one, I am not in favor of throw-
ing this class of children, daily becoming more
numerous, upon mere public charity. I wish to
see them placed in a position that they shall re-
ceive what they have a right to demand, justice
at the hands of the several States, equality of ed-
ucation with all the other children of the country.
I do not know that Congress can understand
the interests of any particular State so well as her
Legislature. I do not understand that half a
dozen or & dozen gentlemen representing a great
State can understand as well tne interest of that
State and the purposes to which these lands
should be applied as the two or three hundred
gentlemen composing the State Legislature, drawn
together from every community within the limits
of that State. I do not believe that the appropri-
ation of these lands to the endowment of agricul-
tural colleges will ever amount to anything. We
haye seen something of the result of attempts to
found literary institutions through the patronage
of State and national Governments. We have
seen one tenth part of the same amount of ex-
penditure, under private control, produce bene-
ficial results great in comparison with the bene-
fits received through the agency of these State
and national institutions
