2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
the difference there is between the two proposi-
tions.
The committee of conference found the Senate
very fix«-d in their } arpose not to go back and
include anyotbeis amonj* those colored troops
except those who had nceived the assurance from
competent Authority that they should receive it.
The substitute adopted by the committee of con-
ference received the unanimous concurrence of
that committee'as a fair compromise between the
two Houses.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. T would like
to ask the gentleman from Vermont how it is to
be ascertained what troops have received thatas-
surance.
Mr. MORRILL. By the tecords of the Depart-
ment.
Mr. UPSON. I destre to ask the gentleman
from Vermont how this proposition will affect
the pay of colored troops who were enlisted prior
to the 1st of January, 18G4, or of those who have
enlisted since that time.
Mr. MORRILL. Under the existing law those
who have enlisted since the 1st of Januaiy wilt
be entitled to the same pay as white soldieis. Un-
der the provision as agreed upon by the commit-
tee of conference it will be seen that nil classes of
colored troops who, on theirenhstment, received
assurance that they should receive the same pay
as white soldiers, including two regiments from
Massachusetts, and some otheia, are to receive
the pay promised them. The section as agreed
upon by the committee of conference is as follows:
That in every ease where it fcliall be made to appear to
the satisfaction oi'ihc Secretiny of War tliat any irgnuciit
of infantry, or any battery, 01 any company of cavalry, of
colored troops, has been unlisted ami mu->ieied under any
authorized assurance gtv  n by any oflieei or agent of Ihe
United Slates, ot by any Goveuiot ol anv State authorized
thereto by the President or the Seen-lmv of War, that the
non-coimn^stoned officers and privates, of such regiment*,
buttery, or company diall be paid tin; Hime a^othei tioops
of the snme arm of the service, the.i they jdiall bo so paid
for the period of ume counting iiomthe date of then betnir
respectively iau«t«red into the seiviec to the l--t day ol
January, 1834: Pioviilctl, however. That thi^ ^eotion shall
not be construed to prevent like payment to other eoimed
troops irom the ume of their being mulcted into the vcr-
vlee, if such shall be held by tile pioput uiithouiy to be tb'ir
right under the law.
i have been unable to ascertain the amount
winch would be drawn from the Treasury by
paying nil these freedmen who have been em-
ployed in Louisiana and other States from the
commencement of the war, although m minor
positions,the full amount; but I am assured that it
would involve many rrnlhonsof dollars. 1 think
we arc doing full justice to these men, and I hope
the House will sustain the action of the commit-
tee of conference
Mr. STEVENS. The House amendment pro-
vided only ( r free people of color. The gen-
tleman misleads the House by speaking of it as
if it included all peisons of color who had been
employed.
Mr/FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, who speaks of the
H ouec amendment as embracing only fiee peo-
ple of Color, whether lie does not recognize all
persons enlisted in the Army of the United States
as free.
Mr. STEVENS. The word   free" was in-
serted for (he express purpose of exceping ail
those who are taken from slavery. I think the
House understands the distinction, and 1 have
nothing further to say. I hud rather see this bill
go down fore\ur than !o &re this amendment of
the committee <>f conference adopted.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, as I under-
stand thisquestion it is this: whether we will pay
the free blacks who volunteered ir to the service
of the United States anterior to the 1st day of
January last, without stipulating that they shah
have any higher pay than ten dollars a month,
as much a« we have agreed to pay those who did
Biipultue ihat they should have a higher rate.
JNTow, sir, I ivgmd it as more equitable to those
who disinterestedly entered the sei vice and i lsked
their lives without claiming that they should
have ten, thirteen, or sixteen dollars per month.
'I hey went in and foughtoorbattles,and the ques-
tion now is whether they should be paid accord-
ing to the same measure of payment as those who
did stipulate foi higher pay. There is no doubt
that in some pal ts of the country they received
encouragement, that Coturiess would do them Jus-
tice and put them on the ^uiv.e tooting with white
soldiers. I know that is the case; and I know
that free blacks enlisted on the understanding,
though they did not stand back to make an ex-
press covenant that they should have one sum or
another, that ultimately Congress should make
them in their pay equal to white soldieis. 1 agree
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] that we had better not pass this bill than
to do injustice to these patriotic men. I think
that all the free blacks, who have voluntarily
gone into the service either before or after the 1st
day of January, 1864, should have the same pay.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
differ with my colleague on a matter so delicate
and important as the one before the House, to
which 1 beg to call the attention of members for
a few moments. The question is not whether we
shall or shall not pay the free blacks who en-
listed in the service from the free States the same
as white soldiers from the date of enlistment.
That question is not bcfoi e the House. The ques-
tion was once before us whether the incieased pay
of all colored troops should reach back beyond
the 1st of January. The House decided affirm-
atively, but lestricted the piovision to such vol-
unteers from the fiee States alone as had an au-
thorized pledge at the time of enlistment that they
should receive higher pay It is pi opo^ed to-day
to pay thousands of colored soldieis what they
were never promised, what they never had a right
to expect to receive. It is now proposed to go
back and pay colored soldiers thirteen dollars per
month, besides rations and clothing, for a time
when the law did not allow them but ten dollars
per mouth, clothing included. It is proposed to
grant gratuities to these men w hich you have never
given to white soldiers, so far as 1 know, in any
case. Theie are plenty of instances—I cotdd spend
half an hour in giving them—where white men
have gone into the military Rervice with the un-
derstanding that they were to be paid aceitain
additional sum, and it has been found afterwards
that there was no law for it, and they have not
been paid. Men have been enlisted as engineer
soldiers, with the undei standing from the reel uit-
nig officers that they should be paid as such by
tiie Government, but in looking at the matter sub-
sequently it was found there was no law for it,
and they weie not paid. There has been legis-
lation to cover such cases, but it has generally
been prospective and not retrospective.
L have for a long time believed that God would
never give us victory in this great struggle till the
nation does justice to the black man. When he
puts on the uniform of a soldier he ought to have
I he honois, the pay, and the protection of a sol-
dier; and ( have voted and shall always vote to
place all Ameiican soldieis on the same footing,
without regaid to color. Hut i do not propose to
pat the blackmail upon the back merely because
he is black. 1 do not propose to do for him what
1 woifid not do for a while man. I do not pro-
pose to show any special favoritism in the appli-
cation of the law. 1 will not propose to consent
to putting the. hand of Congress into the Treas-
ury of the United States to iliaw out millions
therefrom-, and scattering it among a body of men
to whom it was never promised, but who enlisted
under the law fixing their pay at seven dollars
per month and clothing. The antecedent ques-
tion, whether that law was wise and politic, is
quite another thing. I believe it was not wise.
1 believe we ought to have made the pay of the
white and black soldier the same in the begin-
ning; but Congress thought otherwise m 18G2.
This Congress hag equalized the pay of black
and white soldiers, and has raised the pay of all
private soldieis, black and white, to sixteen dol-
lars fiom the 1st day of May. I am unwilling
to go bank of that date to pay either black or
white what they wcie not promised. I am not
desirous of making political capital by showing
an excessive zeal for the black man. 1 do not
say that any of these gentlemen desire to do so,
but I say affirmatively that I do not desire to
make any political capital out of rhis matter by
showing extreme haste m making this gratuitous
and unneeessaiy disbursement of the public
moneys when we have none to waste.
Mr. THAYER- I would like to ask the- gen-
tleman by what authority, by what lav/, the Sec-
retary of War was authorized to promise a com-
pensation to ctitain iegimems, of which other
legiments were to be deprived. And I would like
to ask him what law authorized the Secretary of
War to make use of any discrimination m the
matter.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am not aware that the
Secretary had any right to make any discumina-
tion. I did not say that he had any such right.
Mr. THAYER. I would ask the gentleman
the further question: upon what ground has Con-
gress a right to discriminate between men who
have borne the perils and burdens of the war?
Mr. GARFIELD. We always use the right,
when we are called upon to do justice to men, to
decide whether in good faith those men went into
the service under an arrangement by which they
had the right to suppose they would have that
which they do not receive.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. It seems to me to bo
sound law and sound justice that whether the
Secretary of War was or was not authorized to
make promises to these men, yet if the promise
was given, and they enlisted and were mustered
into the service with the expectation of the fulfill-
ment of that promise, the Government fs bound
to fulfill the contract-between the contract officers
and these black men.
Mr. STEVENS. I would ask the gentleman
whether he does not know that the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States has decided that that dis-
crimination was unlawful, and that every black
man enlisted was entitled to thirteen dollars a
month.
Mr." FARNSWOIITH. I know the Attorney
General has so decided.
Mr. MORRILL. If that is so this provision
will give it to them.
Mi. FARNSWOIITH. But that does not
change the position of the question. The prom-
ise was made, and the Government has accepted
the services of those men, knowing that the prom-
ise was made, and I hold it to be good law that
tin4 Government is bound to pay them.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 desire to ask my col-
Jenguc [Mr. Garfiei.d] if he made any personal
allusion to myself when he referred to some gen-
tleman who desired to make political capital by
patting the negro on his back? _
Mr. GARFIELD. I distinctly stated that I
did not know that any gentleman desired to make
political capital out of this matter. I said affirm-
atively that / did not.
Mr. STEVENS. That is the same affirma-
tive proposition which is contained in the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 do not undeistand the
pertinency of that to the matter in hand.
Mr. SPALDING. I asked the gentleman
whether he alluded to me in that lemaik.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have already said I made
no peisonal tefuience to any gentleman, nor do I
intend to do so. I was about to say in reference
to the report of the committee of conference that
when this measure was before the House I did
all I honorably could to procure the passage of
the hill m the shape I desired it, but since I have
become satisfied that we could not carry out our
dusTre, I have been in favor of makmgsome con-
cession to the other branch of Congress for the
sake of getting as near it aswe could. If, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
says, the committee of conference is bound to
stand by the action of the House, we could not
come to any agreement if the committee upon the
part of the Senate should take the same view of
their duty. The very id.ea of such a committee
is that there shall be mutual concession and a
mutual composition of the differences between
the two Houses. The committee of conference
in this case has made such concession, and the
concession has been mutual. It has not been no
abandonment of all we asked and a granting of
all the Senate asked, but a mutual concession, the
result of which is that we get something of what
we wanted, if not all. 1 am, therefore, in favor
of adopting the report of the committee of con-
ference.
Mr. THAYER. It is in vain to attempt to
disguise the gioss injustice of the pioposition
now before the House. No'sophisti y can pos-
sibly sustain it. The argument made use of is
that the Secieiary of War gave promises to some
particular colored regiments which were uused,
while others received no such promises. If this
be so, 1 ask who authorized the Secretai y of War
to make this discnmination with resard to Urn
