1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The second branch of the inquiry is whcthei it
in policy to forfeit the lands of traitors absolutely.
This question must be governed by the extent to
which the forfeituie is proposed to be earned.
All loyal men ought to agree that the entire pi oper-
ty of the rebel lcaderssiioukl be confiscated abso-
lutely, and all reasonable men ought to agree that
the lands of the unwilling conscript ought not to
be confiscated even for his life. Two questions,
therefore, arise: 1. Between these extremes whore
ought confiscation to begin and cease? And, 2.
Is there a class of intei mediate cases in which con-
fiscation should he foi life only?
The first question will afford little trouble. The
act of 1862 limits the confiscation to the rebel
loaders, men holding commissions to rob and mur-
der, and to the property in loyal States of those
who havi voluntarily left their property and homes
and joined the rebels. There is no wholesale
confiscation of the property of rebels provided for
by the act. It contemplates punishing only the
few leaders by confiscation; men who, if caught,
would be convicted of treason, murder, robbery,
by tven a jury of tender-hearted conservative
gentlemen.
The next inquiry is, ought confiscation to be
J or life for the lesser degrees of guilt? If you
could take chattels for life, and so punish all sim-
ilar offenders alike; if you could not take part
of the offender's property absolutely and leave
him the rest, and so graduate the punishment to
the crime; m short, if there was a necessity to
confiscate for life the idea might be toleiated.
Life estates, the remainder being in persons in
whom the life tenant has no interest, have a bane-
fid influence upon the country. They impover-
ish the sod. They waste the buildings. Where
ever they exist the remainder-man succeeds but
to a rum and a desolation. 1 would not willingly
fix upon a country already impoverished by the
institution of slavery and desolated by civil war
the blighting effects of a system of life estates.
No! Where confiscation js resorted to let it be
absolute. If in particular cases that should be too
much punishment, confiscate absolutely only a
pat t of tin; offender's piopeity. If the Congress
of 1790 found life foifcituies impracticable, that
of IbGi ought to hesitate before inaugurating a
system of life confiscation.
. It is gravely urged upon this floor that the laws
of war do not authorize the seizuie and confisca-
tion of the property of enemies except taken as
piize at sea. This is wholly a mistake. No
writer upon the law of nations can be cited to sus-
tain such an opinion. Writers discouiage such
confiscations. They argue against their policy.
They take the ground that it is not done in model n
wai fare, but they do not deny the ? ight of the cap-
tor to appropriate all propeity of enemies to his
own use. In a state of war there is no limit to
the po\#r r of the conqueror. He may do what-
evei is necessary to be done to achieve or main-
tain his position, and he alone is the judge of the
necessity. What are called 45 war powers" arc
powers arising" from the law of necessity, the high-
est of all laws, at least of all human laws—laws
which every sovereign Power must enfoiee and
follow without writ of eiror, or liability for mis-
take of law or fact to any human tribunal. This
may bear hard on individuals, but they have no
rudtess. War is a state of hardship on individ-
uals, and the responsibility is on those who in-
augurate it. Writers may talk of what ought to
be in a state of war, but they cannot fix what
must be. Whenever a state of war exists, huw-
cut, the sovereign Power must judge can-fully
and honestly what is necessary. In doing so it
ought to keep in view the dictates of humanity,
though in this there is no binding obligation.
Kniiland committed no crime against the law of
nations in hu* treatment of the rebels in India,
though the civihzi d woiid read the tale of her
doings with horror. Whatever measures the vic-
tor judges 'necessary must be submitted to by the
vanquished, because the appeal to arms is the
submission of the cause to the aibitrary will of
linn who shall piove to be the stronger.
Bat while denying oil limit to the powers aiis-
nig from a state of war, I would not willingly
assent to measures which the sense of impaitiai ,
look'eis-nn would denounce as ciuel. 1 would |
th'Mefof vote a^oin^t a universal confiscation of ■;
laud ; in the it bel teiiitory until satisfied lhatsuch jj
course is necessary, just as I would oppose the jj
extei mination of those in rebellion until satisfied
of the nece&sity of it. But when satisfied of the
necessity in either case, 1 should fearlessly advo-
cate both these extreme measures in order to save
the Government.
Theact of 1862, wholly unaffected by the res-
olutions which accompanied it, proposes only the
confiscation of the estates of the leaders, the will-
ing and ardent workers in this unholy crusade
against the best Governmentever framed by man.
In doiyg so, it strikes me that it keeps far withia
the limits to which it might reasonably go. It
exhibits an example of moderation to the civiiized
world. I shall thetefore tote the most willingly
for that measure which interferes the least with
the opeiation of the act of 18G2.
Mr. WADSWOHTH obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts that lie can call up Ins
election cast! at any time.
Mr. DAWES. While I can call it up at any
time, I do not desnc to ciowd it as against the en-
rollment act, which I consider a matter of greater
consequence. If the gentleman from Ohio is not
prepared to proceed with (he consideration of that
bill, I will call up the election case.
ENROLLMENT ACT.
Mr. SCHENCK. 3 move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawls in the chair,) and proceeded u> the con-
sideration of the special order, being Senate bill
No. SG, to amend an act entitled "An act for en-
lollingand calling out the national forces, and for
other puiposes," approved Maich 3, 1863.
The CHAIRMAN slated thepending question
to he upon tlie amendmentoffet <-d yt steiday by the
gentleman fiom Indiana, [Mr. Holm ax,] to at like
out all after the v. ord " enlisted " m line nineteen,
page 4, dow n to the end of the fifth section,a-j fol-
lows:
And it' anv dial'ied p^i^on •di-dl hercaftci pay money foi
the piocmation ot a tub-.fifutc, und'-i the pi <>\imoii--ot the
art to winch tlu^ is an amendment. Mirh p«i\ meat ol money
shall ope) ate onlv to t oheve «-uch pciMHi tiom diaft on that
call, and las name shall he ic tamed on the ioil, and he shall
he subject to diaU on fuiuie calK; and the maximum ot"
commutation undei :=.ud act tdiull heieauoi he s 100 instead
of .>300.
And inseitin lieu thereof the following:
And >o much ot the thu teonth section ot the aci o( which
fill's aet is .in amend men f ,t- amlion^es exemption fiom mil-
itary set vice tn lie* pa) incut old sum not exceeding js
hcrchv icpi aled.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mi. Chairman, before the
committee pioceeds to vote upon that amend-
ment, I desire to make some lemaiks in relation
to the geneial character of the substitute repoited
by the Committee on Military Affairs, m oider
that there may be a cieaier understanding m the
mind of the llonse as to the questions piesented
between that substitute and the bill as it came
from the Senate. Gentlemen inquiie of me so
frequently as to whether this or the other-thing is
intended, and theie seems to he so much confusion
prevailing, owing pi obaby to the length of the bill,
as to the comparison between the provisions of
the Senate bfll and the proposed substitute, that 1
go into this moi e lengthened explanation to avoid
the neassity of replying to such questions hue-
after.
This is a Senate bill, and the House eonnniitee
pi opose to amend it by a substitute. Aftei watch-
ing the course, promts, and history of the bill
winch has come to us from the Senate nfret due
deliberation theie, the House committee found
themsehes consttained m so many lespects to
follow the lead of the Senate, and found upon
conference that they weiesoagteed upon most of
the points, ilianhey were willing to accept m the
main the SenM" bill, and let n be passed, instead
of a separate House bi'l; and ihus.in a maniici,
whatever eiedit may attach to Uie consti uetio.i of
the bill oi the pi o visions made for the mat lei s con-
tained in it, will lather b< long to iho Senate than
to the H .use -•oninmtoi' or the House, )1 there be
any filing upon that subject.
But in okIli to a clear understanding of the
I amendments proposed by the House committee,
! it seemed to be advisable to put them in the form
I of a substitute, because, in the revision of thesev-
; eral sections of the Senate bill, sometimes phrase-
ology is altered, sometimes a slight modification
is made in some matters of detail, sometimes a.
slight change is made in some of the principles
involved; and thus it was thought that the mat-
ter would assume a better and more convenient
shape for legislation by putting the amendments
that suggested themselves to the Committee on
Military Affans in the form of a substitute for the
Senate bill.
Now, gentlemen ask me wherein the substitute
dilFcrsfrom the bill broughtin from the Senate. In
the first place, many seem to think that while the
bill of the Senate has provided for retaining a com-
mutation clause with this change, that they have
increased the amount to be paid for the procuration
of substitutes from $300 to $400, the House com-
mittee have made no provision upon the subject.
Well, it is true that the House committee have
presented nothing upon that subject; but why?
Because the act of Congress passed March 3,1862,
is an act to which this bill is an amendment,and
that act, which is still in force, contains the $300
commutation clause. The House committee have
been unwilling to disturb it; they prefer not to
amend the existing law upon that subject. The
difference, therefore, gentlemen will please to ob-
serve, between the Senate bill and the substitute
offered by the Military Committee of the House
is this: that whereas the Senate bill retains the
commutation clause, increasing the amount from
$300 to ^400, the House committee proposes no
change m that paiticulai at all, but leaves the law
as it now exists.
Again, it will bo found that in one part of the
Semite bill provision is made for substitutes to be
obtained from the Army or Navy. The House
committee propose no such provision in theirsub-
stifute. They think it better not to letsubstitute
agents get among the troops at all. They think
it better that those who have enlisted in the Army
or Navy shall remain where they arc unless they
ate tiunsfeited, or leenlist undei the general pro-
visions of law, and shall not be peimitted to be
made subjects of search and bargain, nor be hunted
for to be procured as substitutes forother persons
regularly drafted.
Without dwelling upon this—for I do not pro-
pose now to argue these points—I will, m passing,
remark that it stiuck the House committee as
being exceedingly inexpedient to throw open the
ranks of the Aimy and Navy to those persons
\\ ho may be hunting for substitutes, and thus per-
haps have substitute agencies established in every
camp where the commanding ofHccr will allow
substitute agents to go.
Mi. ELUIilDGE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. ELDPJDGE. It is upon the first point to
which the gentleman has spoken. Do the House
Committee on Military Aflairs intend to leave the
effect of paying the $300 commutation the same
as under the old law?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. And it is to relieve the
pai ty paying the commutation for the same length
of time''
Mr. SCIIENCK. Theie is nothing in the
oiiginal law m regard to the length of time that
U shall relieve the party. That is provided for in
another pait of this bill. The law on that sub-
let is silent. A const* uction has been put upon _
the law in two different ways. The last and pro-
filing consli uction is that it n hev<s thepaity
for a period of three years.
To avoid all ambiguity hereafter, and to limit
the length of time for which fieedom fiom draft is
pui chascd by the pay ment of commutation money,
a pi o\ ision will be found m the substitute reported
by the committee. What I mean to say is this—
and 1 lepeat it in order that theie ma v be no mis-
understanding—that as tar as the ^300 commuta-
tion is concerned, the Houm"1 committee proposes
to Jeave it piecis< !y .in it is, h.tv ing concluded that
it is not i xp< dlent to lepoit any changc.
Mr. STEVENS. Tim old iaw has received the
co list rue tio n t he p*( v ment of die ^300 exempts
the paity from service fot three years if I un-
derstand the substitute aright it changes that.
Mr, SCHENCK. The gentleman is right in
