1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
Army of the United States? I ask what act of
Congress or what law empowers the Secretary of
War to make a difference between the pay of sol-
diers received into the service of the Government?
Sir, I am bound to suppose that the Secretary
of War, m making any such promises to black
regiments, if any such were made, acted upon the
presumption thatCongress would, when it assem-
bled, do justice to all the soldiers of the Repub-
lic, block as well as white, and that the former
would be placed upon a Just and equitable footing
in regard to pay and rations as well as the white
soldiers of the Government. It never could have
entered into the mind of the Secretary of War
(hat he was empowered to make any discrimina-
tion in regard to the pay of the soldiers of the
Union, or to promise this regiment one rate of
payarid thatanother. Fie nevercould have meant
to be understood in that manner. He must have
acted on the idea that Congress intended to place
all of these soldiers upon the same footing, and
that as soon as Congress assembled they would
do justice to these men who had shed their blood
and imperiled theirhvesin defenseof the country.
I say, therefore, that the argument made use of
that the Secretary of War had promised an ad-
vance of pay to some regiments falls to theground.
Any man who treated with the Secretary of War
on the subject must have well known that he had
noauthority to make any such promises, and that
they must look eventually for justice m that re-
spect to the Congress of the United States; and
the colored soldiers who went into the service
.of the country relyingupon the eventual justice
which is said to have been promised to them by
the officers of the Government must have supposed
that Congress, when they cfyne to act at all upon
this question, would do what is plain and simple
justice to them all, without distinction, and would
not pick out certain regiments and favor them to
the exclusion of others which have rendered the
same service.
Sir, the very fact, if it be a fact, that this pay
was promised to certain regiments, I have no
doubtcncouraged others to enlist, because it never
could have been supposed by any one who had
any confidence in the justice of this country that
certain regiments among the black troops would
be picked out by Congress for just compensation,
and that men who had undergone the same perils,
who had shed their blood in the same cause, and
who had made the same sacrifices, would be de-
nied that just compensation.
Mr. KELLEY. With the permission of my
colleague, I may be able to mention a fact or two
that will throw some light upon this question.
When it was first determined to recruit negro
troops oiders weie sent to the department of
South Carolina, and authority was given to the
Governor of Massachusetts to recruit colored
troops, and the statement went forth that they
were to receive the same pay, rations, clothing,
&c.,as all the troops of the United States. Sub-
sequently to that, the question vvhethei these or-
ders were consistent with existing laws svas raised
and was submitted by the Sectetary to the So-
licitor Q^the War Depai tmenl, who, upon exam-
ining the various acts, decided that the act of July
17 provided ten dollars a month as the pay to be
given to the colored people, whether enlisted or
merely employed by the Government under that
act. Accordingly an order went forth to the pay
department to act in accordance with that law.
The first South Carolina and the fifty-fourth
and fifty-fifth Massachusetts regiments had been
recruited and sent to the field, and other regiments
were in process of recruiting when notice was
given of the construction put upon the net in re-
spect to the pay of colored soldiers. That con-
struction, though doubted by large numbers of
citizens, was not officially questioned until quite
recently, when it was referred by the Piesident
to the Attorney General, who decided that the
construction given by the War Depai tment was
erroneous, that the provision of Congie&s limit-
ing the pay to ten dollars a month was not in-
tended to embrace regulaily enlisted men, but
that it should be confined to laborers rind others
employed out of the military service proper; so
that under the decision of ftie Attorney General
every one of these soldiers is entitled to receive
the same pay as white soldiers, under existing
law, from the time he onteied the scrvice ol the
United States.
Mr. THAYER. 1 ask the gentleman whether
they must not under that decision be paid thir-
teen dollars a month ?
Mr. KELLEY. Wc have been paying them
but ten doltais amonth, Colonel Iiigginson,who
was authorized to recruit the first South Caro-
lina regiment, received special instructions to as-
sure them that they would receive thirteen dol-
lars a month, with the same.rations as other
United States soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask my colleague ifhedoes
not know that these regiments refused to receive
ten dollars a month?
Mr. ICELLEY. I was about saying that the
fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth Massachusetts have re-
fused to receive any pay at all. The Governor of
(Massachusetts tendered them an amount suffi-
cient to make their pay equal to thatof white sol-
diers; they, however, unanimously refused to
receive it from Massachusetts, saying that they
were not fighting for money, that they were fight-
ing in the scrvice of the United States, and desired
to be recognized as in that service,and as United
States soldiers.
Mr. STEVENS. And one regiment from Penn-
sylvania refused it.
Mr. KELLEY. If my colleague will allow me
to go on he will find that I understand the facts
of the case. I was about to add that one regiment
from Pennsylvania had refused, with those from
Massachusetts, to leceive a less rate of pay than
is given to Urn ted States soldiers; and a still more
striking fact 1 will mention in respect to the first
Soutli Carolina regiment is, that they were paid
thirteen dollars amonth, but under the new con-
struction of the law given by the Solicitor of the
War Department, the payment of three dollars
made at first was proposed to be deducted from
thur subsequent pay; so that it appears that it
was not only the express instruction of the War
Department when they were recruited to place
them upon the same basis as to pay as the white
soluieis, but that under those instructions at least
one payment wasactually made.
Mr. THAYER. I am much obliged to the
gentleman for his explanation. I do not know
upon what basis the War Department has pro-
ceeded in its treatment of this subject. I can un-
derstand, sii, that an honest difference may exist
in this House upon the question discussed when
this bill was before the House, namely, whether
the pay of colored troops should be made equal
to that of white troops; but I cannot understand
upon what principle of justice or of public policy
it can be pretended that in payingeolored troops
you may discriminate between those who have
made the same sacrifices, pel formed the same la-
bors, and Liaved the same perils of war. For
these reasons,sir, 1 think it is plain that the pal-
try pretense made, that some of these men have
received promises fiom the War Department and
some have not, and therefoie that the former
should be paid and the latter should not, falls to
the ground as an argument. No man can pretend
to say that such an argument has any foundation
injustice, good faith, or an honorable publicpol-
icy. Sir, all of these men are alike entitled to the
justice of the country, and none are entitled to be
preferred to others because they may have received
left-handed promises from tiie War Depai tment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman why he repeatedly speaks of left-
handed or indirect promises. 1 would like to
know if the gentleman can inform us what these
left-handed promises were. The information I
have is that these men had direct pledges as to the
pay they were to leceivc; there were no left-handed
promises made.
Mr. THAYER. I will explain to the gentle-
man's satisfaction whatimean. I mean, sir, that
no pionuse pretended to have been given by the
Secretary of War was a valid or legal promise;
that if made it was a piumise without authoiity
of law, and cannot therefore be set up as a just
ground of discrimination between the different
regiments of coloicd soldiers. I mean to say that
f .suppose what these men received from the War
Deportment was something in the nature of en-
couiagement, for the Secretary of War was not
authorized to do more. The Secretary of Wat-
was not aiUhouzed to make a promise in this re-
spect which would bind the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then all I have to say if,
that if those promises were of thai vague, indi-
rect character, the money will not be paid under
the legislation already had.
Mr. THAYER. Then, sir, the sooner we re*
quire the money to be paid the better, and the
more just will be the position this body, will oc-
cupy before the country.
Sir, this excuse for discrimination is mere soph-
istry; there is nothing in it at all. There is no
one who does not see that the equity and justice
claimed by the two classes of colored troops re?
ferred to are equal. No man can say that the men
who in the same service have undergone the same
hardships and exposed their lives to the same per-
ils should not be paid alike.
But, sir, it is said that it will involve the es>
peilditure of some money to do justice to these
troops, that it will require a large sum of money
to do it. Grant it; but, sir, we-had better pay
the money and economize in some other respects.
We cannot afford to hazard the reputation of our
country for justice and fair dealing to save a pal-
try sum of money. Letgentlemen find out some
other pretext for not paying alike tljose who served
alike. If they wish to economize let them begin
their economical reforms in some less objection-
able quarter and carry them out in a manner which
will not strike down the justice and good faith of
the country.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move to recommit the report to
the committee, with instructions that they report
it back with a provision to increase the pay of the
soldiers to at least twenty dollars per month.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a question of
order. I make the point of order that the motion
is not germane to the pending proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
wish to assign very briefly the reasons for the.
vote I shall give. The law authorizing the Presi-
dent to accept the services of volunteers, I believe,
nowhere limits them to white volunteers. It was
his privilege to accept colored soldiers on the first
day that he accepted regiments from Pennsylva-
nia and Massachusetts. The law providing for
the pay of the soldiers makes no reference in the
original form to the color of the soldier. The
Secretary of War had no right, if he did so, to put
colored regiments upon different terms from those
which he had a right to apply to white soldiers.
I understand that the construction of the law at
the Department has been different, and that the
action of the Government has been different from*
this view. I merely desire to put the law ex-
plicitly and peremptorily as I presumed it was,
and for that reason I shall vote to adhere to the
section in the shape in which the House put it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am some-
what astonished at the warmth of the debate on
this subject; and I can only explain it to myself
upon the supposition that gentlemen do nor, ap-
prehend clearly the points of difference between
the form which this section assumed when it was
offered as an amendment to the House bill and
passed here and the form in which it is presented
by the committee of conference in their report.
It has been alluded to here by gentlemen who"
have spoken on the assumption that there are
those who wish to make invidious distinctions
between colored troops and other troops. I un-
dertake to say that if there be invidious distinc-
tion it is not^ in the bill of the House or the re-
pott of the committee of conference.
What are the facts in reference to this whole
matter? Both Houses have agreed to this feature
of the bill, that black soldiers and white shall be
put upon the same footing, and paid in the same
manner and the same amount, relating back to
the date of that policy which the two Houses fixed
to take effect on the 1st of January last. That,
then, is settled.
Now there are certain black troops who enlisted
in the service of the United States and served at
a date prior to the 1st of January. What shall
be done with rogaid to them? The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] moved an
amendment when the bill was formerly before the
House, which is the section contended for by those
who claim to be the peculiar friends of the bktelc
troops, and whi-oh provides that every free col-
ored soldier who was enlisted prior to the 1st of
January, I8G4, shall be puf upon the same foot-
ing with white troops, but it cuts of! Iiom any
such clann all those colored troops who, by any
