THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
regard to that matter. It leaves the law as it is,
but defines clearly by law a construction as to the
time of exemption, not leaving it hereafter to ex-
ecutive interpretation.
Mr. ELDftlDGE. That is just the question
I desired to ask, whether it is the intention of the
House committee to leave that matter as it is un-
der the last construction given to it.
Mr. SCHENCK. Not as I understand the
last construction to be. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs has defined a limit of lime, which
may be varied at the pleasure of the House if it
does not agre'e with the committee in regard to
that limitation.
Mr. STROUSE. Is the limit which the gen-
tleman speaks of stated in the bill now before the
House?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is stated in the substitute.
There is a section introduced in it which does not
appear at all in the Senate bill. It is the fifth sec-
tion in the amendment offered by the committee.
Members will recollect that, by the existing law,
all able-bodied persons between the ages of twenty
and forty-five are placed on the enrollment list.
The Senate bill has provisions looking to the ex-
hausting ef that enrollment. The House com-
mittee proposes a principle to be incorporated by
legislation for future purposes into the provisions
of this bill, which will make the enrollment, as it
were, continuous as long as there shall remain a
necessity, from time to time, of ordering or mak-
ing drafts. The fifth section of the substitute
(with an omission which we propose to remedy
at the proper time) provides:
That boards of enrollment shall enroll nil person1! liable to
draft under the provisions or tills bill, or under the act to
which it is an amendment, whose names may have been
omitted by the proper enrolling officers ; alt persons who
Shall arrive at the age of twenty years before the draft; and
all persons discharged fiomthe miUtaiy or naval service of
the United States who have not Irei'u m such service two
years during the present war; and said boards of eniollmeiit
shall release and discharge from draft all persons who, be-
tween the time of the enrollment anil the dralt, shall have
arrived at (he age of foity-live years, and shall strike the
names of such persons from the enrollment.
The effect of this will be to make the enrollment,
as I said, continuous. It is a provision that in-
stead of enrolling those who are now, or were at
the time of the first enrollment, between the ages
of twenty and forty-five, and then drawing from
time to time until there remains a lesiduum which
itself would be exhausted, there will be a keeping1
up of the enrollment, by adding the name of every
person who becomes liable to the draft. For in-
stance, aliens who become naturalized will fall
within the description of persons liable to draft,
and when they thus become naturalized or declare
their intention to become naturalized, if not before
placed on theenrollmentlists, they will then right-
fully take their places there. Their names will be
entered by the enrolling board in each district
without any further legislation.
Again, Mr. Chairman, it is provided that every
person arrivingat the age of twenty yours will be,
when he leaches that age, placed on the enrolling
list, and that every person arriving at the age of
forty-five—thus passing the maximum at which
he may be rightfully drawn—passes off the en-
rollment list. Thus, without enlarging on this
section, the committee will see that the Committee
on Military Affairs has introduced a new feature
in the hill, providing that this enrollment shall be
like a scroll moving along, on which from lime to
time and as fast as they become liable to military
service, the names of all persons shall be placed,
and from which the names of all persons on it, as
.they reach the ago of forty-five, shall be removed.
The seventh section also introduces a new feat-
ure, but I will state to the House now that the
Committee on Military Affairs proposes to drop
that section from the amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, will the
gentleman from Ohio allow me now to call his at-
tention to the inquiry which I made before, and
which refers to the sixth section? 1 wish to know
wiiether the intention of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs is to make the payment of $300 an
exemption from the one draft only?
Mr. SCHENCK. For the one draft, provided
that in no instance shall it apply for more than
one year. That is the intention of the Commit-
tee on Militai y Affftus.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I do not now understand
the answer of the gentleman. I cannot find the
words in the bill which limit it to one year.
M
r. SCHENCK. The gentleman will find
limi, we have used the word "quota" in the
House bill, and that we have confined our legis-
lation to each successive quota or call. We pro-
pose that the commutation shall purchase exemp-
tion from that call, from that quota; but that the
exemption shall not extend, in consequence of
such commutation having been paid, beyond one
year. The gentleman will find the provision in
the sixth section of the substitute which the com-
mittee have reported.
Mr. BALDWIN,of Michigan. I askthegen-
tleman from Ohio to explain the language in lines
fourteen and fifteen of this section: "Such pay-
ment of money shall operate only to relieve such
person from draft in filling that quota."
Mr. SCHENCK. It is proposed that at the
end of the year these persons shall be enrolled
again, and in this way that this continuous en-
rollment shall be kept up.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Suppose there were two
drafts in the same year?
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose then a year's ex-
emption would be allowed. The committee did
not, however, anticipate in their bill so frequent
drafts as are now taking place.
But in these remarks my intention was to point
out the general features of difference between the
Senate bill and the substitute reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Afterwards, I would
be glad to take it up section by section and clause
by clause, in detei mining the correctness of the
; phraseology to which we have resorted to carry
out these ideas. I think we shall simplify the
matter by doing so, and I will therefore proceed
with these general views.
Section seven, gentlemen will see, contains a
provision that those who are exempted fiom phys-
ical disability, but who have an annual income
equal to $1,200, shall not be exempt except upon-
the payment of $300 commutation.
This was intioduced by us with some hesi-
tancy, as a new principle in our legislation; and
I am instructed to say that upon subsequent re-
flection,it being inconsistent, independent of any
other reason, with the original act of which this
is an amendment, requiring thatonly able-bodied
persons between the ages of twenty and forty-five
shall be enrolled at all, the committee have thought
it proper to withdraw it from the substitute which
they o-ffer. If gentlemen will look at the oj iginal
act to which this is an amendment they will find
a provision that the enrollment shall consist of all
able-bodied male citizens of (he United States, and
persons of foreign biith who shall have declared
their intention to become citizens of the United
States under the laws theieof, between the ages
of twenty and forty-five, except as ihcieafter ex-
empted. Inasmuch, therefore, as only able-bodied
persons are to be enrolled at all under the original
law, it would be inconsistent to require a man who
is physically disabled, and who ought therefoie
never to have been enrolled at all, to pay $300
commutation.
If gentlemen will look at the matter, they will
see that however there may be equity in this pro vis-
ion, however strong the desire may be to ingraft
some principle upon our legislation to reach those
who, although they may be physically disabled,
yet ought, in some form, tocontilbute to the sup-
port of the Government m its time of need beyond
the payment of their oidinary taxes, yet when
they take into consideration that they weie not
rightfully placed upon the enrollment list at all,
you will see that they have the right to claim that,
having been improperly included in the list, their
names shall be taken off.
For tins reason the Committee on Military Af-
fairs have determined to drop the seventh section
from their substitute, and at the proper time, by
their direction, I shall move to strike it out.
The substitute of the House leaves out the pro-
vision of the nineteenth section, that is, the pro-
vision which provides for the conscientious sci u-
ples of Friends and other religious denominations
who are unwilling to perform military sot vice or
to pay anything as commutation therefor, for I
undeistand that theii seruplesgo the wholehmgth.
If that be so, I do not sen how the Senate, by°the
provision that they may be diafted to go into the
hospitals to act as nurses, would much benefit
them.
But I do not rise for the purpose of discussing
the merits of any of these amendments. That
will come up at the proper time, when we consider
the bill section by section. I only attract the at-
tention of the House to the fact that the bill pro-
poses to leave out section nineteen of the Senate
bill.
The other exemptions are in the main, I be-
lieve, precisely the Same in the Senate bill as in
the substitute—that is, we have limited them to
the President and Vice President of the United
States, to certain official persons, and those who
are disabled by reason of mental or physical in-
firmities. They are left out in the' House amend-
ment as they are left out in the Senate bill.
Now, in reference to what may be called the
humanitarian provisions of the existing law.
When this shall become thesubjectof discussion,
it will be considered whether the benevolencc and
kindness of the Government toward citizens who
could not well perform military service, because
they had others dependent upon them, have not
in practice and will not continue to be overbal-
anced by the frauds and abuses committed under
the existing law. However that may be, as be-
tween the Senate bill and the House amendment,
there is no difference on that point.
There is another change by the introduction of
new matter, to which I will next call attention of
members. Section seventeen of the House amend-
ment provides that the Secretary of War shall be
authorized, whenever in his judgment the public
interest will be subserved thereby, to permit or
requireboardsofexaminationofenrolledordrafted
men to hold their examinations at different points
within their respective enrollment districts, to be
determined by him.
Many applications for relief have been referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs by the House
on account of the inconvenience of the present law.
It has been found in practice that it works great
inconvenience when boards of enrollment are re-
quiied as now to sit only at some one place as
headquarters. Though it may be convenient
enough in the cities, or in populous districts, con-
sisting of only one county, as in New York State,
yet it is a great inconvenience to the citizens of large
districts, who are compelled to travel fifty, sixty,
and sometimes even one hundred or one hundred
and fifty miles to the headquarters of the enroll-
ment board There aie instances in Pennsylvania,
among the mountains, where men in'traveling to
the enrol line ut board whei e they were summoned,
or bofote which theywent forexamination, had to
go one hundied and fifty miles. They did that
where roads are not of the best, and atan expense
which they could ill affoid.
The reason why county seats were not se-
lected 
Mr. ELIOT. Let me interrupt the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affaits for a mo-
ment. I am desirous to call his attention to sec-
tion seventeen of the substitute, and to ask him
whether, in his judgment, the law as it now stands
docs not contain full power to the Secrutaiy of
War to do precisely what this section authorizes?
whether the law does not give full authority to
fix (iiffeient places in adistiiet for holding the
sittmgsof theseenrollment boards? I understand
that such is the case.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee were of the
opinion that it did not, except by a violent con-
stiuction. There is a provision in regaid to sub-
districts fi om which that power might be inferred.
Mr. ELIOT. I inquire whether in point of
practice this powerTTas not been assumed by the
Secretary of War?
Mr. SCHENCK. It may have been in some
instances, but of this 1 know nothing. In some
districts where it might properly have been done
I know that it has not been done. The committee
thought it Letter, instead of leaving this matter to
be deteimined hereafter by construction which
may vary from time to time, to give the express
power and to make it directory on the Depart-
ment to give this migratory character to boaids
of enrollment. It is different from the provision
in the existing law in refeieuce to sub-districts.
The petitions on this subject, not only from the
people but from the officers of the enrollment
boaids, are that the boards may sit in the differ-
ent districts at the county towns*. But it has been
thought better that the Sectetary of War should
define the places wheie they might be authorized
to sit, for this, among other reasons: that though
there may be two, three,or fourcounty towns tn
