1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
State has not taken 'advantage of the privilege,
no one doubts but that the time ought to be ex-
tended in order that the States that have not may
do so. Any member who asks for extension of
time can have it. What we object to is the chang-
ing of the tenure and terms ot' the grant. This
is changing the purpose intended by Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not want gentlemen
to think that 1 am opposed to the interests of our
soldiers, or of the descendants of our soldiers.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dumont] has
stated to the House that he himself is a farmer,
that hp makes his living by the sweat of his brow.
I commend him for it. 1 have been told that the
gentleman himseif has had straps upon his shoul-
ders, and worn them worthily upon the field of
battle. 1 am told, further, that he has done ser-
vice to the country in another line, that he has a
family of some nineteen children. [Laughter.]
If those children are to be educated m the Indi-
ana agi iculturai college, it is because they arc
the children of a farmer. His children cannot go
into an orphan eolfege, but they may go into an
agricultural college. I am, therefore, advocating
the cause of his family, and not of Ohio. I fully
believe that no more honest man can bo found on
this earth than he who earns his livelihood by the
sweat of his brow, and, for the reasons I have
stated, I hope the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Pennsylvania, f have a
few words to submit on thismcasure. I find my-
self constrained to oppose these amendments for
reasons which I will briefly state. I believe I op-
posed the passage of the original bill as it now
stands on the statute-book, upon grounds stated
at the time by various gentlemen of the House.
It was my desire and the desire of others that
these lands should be retained for the purpose of
sustaining the public credit, and to furnish boun-
ties for our soldiers. Hut that being now the law,
I am in favor of the passage of the original bill as
it stands, and I am opposed to the amendment.
I am opposed most especially to the amendment
which proposes to make this a general law and to
allow the Legislatures of the several States to ap-
ply the proceeds of these lands to the purposes
stated, because that will affect my own State. The
State of Pennsylvania has expended already some
two hundred thousand dollars in the erection of
an agticultural college, and her-Legislature has
been engaged for some weeks past in disposingof
the proceeds of these lands, either fo this one ag-
ricultuiul college—that was the proposition pend-
ing—or to other colleges, for agricultural pur-
poses. And 1 do not wish to see the Legislature
divided upon that question by the adoption of this
amendment.
Let us look at the matter for a moment. What
will be the quota of each State of the proceeds of
these public lands? I have no means of making
any calculation how far it will go toward that
purpose; but I suppose that the proceeds of these
public lands, which will come to the respective
States, will not educate one fiftieth part of such
children of the several States.
Suppose then we pass this amendment, and
hand these proceeds over to the several States, what
steps would they have to take to educate those
children? 'JLhey would have to establish some
kind of a bureau; they would have to put these
lands into the market, and commence selling them.
If they put them up for sale at auction, it is not
probable they would get a large sum for them to
stmt with. If they should watt and sell them
from year to year, as they could sell them to the
best ad vantage, they will hat diy get enough money
from them to keep the officers of the bureau
going.
Then, again, there are some facts to be ascer-
tained in regaid to these children; such as to as-
certain who are the orphan children of soldiers
and seamen. The records relating to all these
facts are hete in Washington city. They arc not
in the archives of the several States, aipl conse-
quently this bureau would have to be enlarged
consideiably, and made something likeapension
office in each State, to decide those matteis. Ap-
plications for admission into these colleges would
have to be made foi mally for this class of scholars.
These applications would have to be noted on;
and it would have to be shown that the applicants
were the children of one of these meritonous
classes of persons.
It seems to me, therefore, that the adoption of
the provisions of this amendment, if we should
undertake to carry them into effect in the several
States, would have a tendency to fritter away the
money upon public officials, so that the public
would never have any benefit from it.
. As to whether it would be better to educate the
children ofsoldiersand seamen in the ordinary way
or to educate them in agricultural pursuits, that
question has already been actedupon by Congress
by a bill which has heretofore passed; and the
several States have been engaged in considering it,
and so fat as my obsei vation lias gone I think the
people of the several States are very well satisfied
with the law as it stands. I have always been
of opinion that the farmer ought to be educated
as well as any other person; and I have been of
opinion that there were ignorant farmers as well
as ignorant persons in other professions and oc-
cupations. But my principal objection to this
amendment is that the sums of money accruing
to the several States will be found to be so small,
especially if the land should be put up and sold
at auction, that by the time you had established
a bureau to decide upon the parties who were
entitled to receive this bounty, and by the time
you had got the machinery in motion, the money
would all be expended. I cannot for a moment
believe that the proceeds of the land would begin
to educate one twentieth part of the class of per-
sons named in the bill—the children of the soldiers
and seamen.
I think, therefore, that we had better adhere to
the original proposition and pass the bill of the
Senate extending to such States as have not ac-
cepted the provision, and to West Virginia, of
course, their quotas of the public lands under
the original act, and vote down the amendments.
Mr. MORRILL. I offer the following as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr 1Iqi.max:]
Provided, however, That any fund-* or bonds due fioin
the United Slates to any Indian tribe-* who have been in
nctu.il ho-tiiny to the United Hiat. -> unco tin* date of any
treaty by wiueh such I'uiuN ot IhukN weie set apart or stip-
ulated to be paid to any ^ueh Indian tribes*, shall be de-
voted to tin; Mippoit and education oi oipliau cmldrcn of
soldier and soainen of the sevei.il Siatcb.
Mr. W1NDOM. I rise to a question of older.
I submit that that amendment is not germane to
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is ger-
mane if the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana is germane. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana provides that these lands
shall be used for the benefit of the children of de-
ceased soldiers. The gentleman from Vermont pro-
poses to make the .same disposition of other lands.
Mr. WINDOM. Oh, no; it has no reference
to lands.
Mr. HOLM AN". It relates to bonds.
Mr. MORRILL. I will modify my amend-
ment by insetting after " bonds" the words "or
hinds."
Mr. IiOLMAN. Have the Indians any lands?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, we have given them
lands m exchange for their own.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, on examining
the amendment, doubts whether it is in order.
The title of the bill is "An act extending the time
within which the States and Territories may ac-
cept. the grant of lands made by the act entitled f"
&c. The amendment, theiefore, should be ger-
mane to that.
Mr. MORRILL. I will not insist on the amend-
ment, but will tiy to make my speech in order.
The SPEA KEIt. The Chair did not hear the
amendment read, and supposed that it refericd to
something about lands.
Mr. MORRILL. I offered the amendment
merely in order to show to the gentleman from
1 ndiana that he might accomplish his object, if he
is ivaliy sincere m the puipose of devoting any-
thing to these orphan children of soldiers, as I
hone he is, without indicting damage upon the
children of the agriculturists and mechanics.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. John-
son] has very well exposed the impracticability
of the gentleman's proposition, but it was hardly
necessary that it should be exposed. We can all
see that his puipose is not what he is apparently
driving at, but that it is hostility to a measure
which has already been passed by Congress. He
is coming here like the lawyer after the decision
of a court, not for the purpose of arguing the
question, but of damning the decision.
Now, sir, after the purpose of the gentleman
lias been developed— that & is a hostility to the
whole principle of a higher education for the in-
dustrial classes of the country—I have no appre-
hension that the House will adopt this amend-,
ment.
I hope the House will rote down all amend-
ments* to the proposition which comcs here from
the Senate to extend the time to the States for
their acceptance of the grant. That is just and
proper; but I trust it will not be the sense of the
House to adopt the proposition of the gentleman
from Indiana, the avowed purpose of which is to
divert the fund because he has no confidence in
the plan of education proposed by the original act.
About that gentlemen may differ. We have yet
to try it. We know that it is an experiment, but
we also know that it is an experiment which has
succeeded admirably well in other countries,and
that if properly managed will succeed well in tins.
If it does not succeed, it will be because the right
men are not placed in the proper positions to con-
trol and manage the institutions. I have faith
that men in all the States will be found with suffi-
cient ability to vindicate the propriety of a cheap
but thorough education of those in whose hands
the destiny of our country now is and must be
for eomingf ages.
Mr. HOLM AN. I propose, after a slight mod-
ification of my amendment, to call the previous
question on the pending amendments. Before
doing so, however, I wish to make a statement.
1 do notdesiic to speak for the constituency of any
other gentleman upon this floor, but I desire to
spealc for my own constituents. I am not afraid
to leave the question of the appropriation of these
lands* to the Legislature of my State. I am anx-
ious, on the contiary, to do so. I do not think
they will have any faith in the beneficial results
of agneuliuial colleges, and 1 think they will de-
sire to exercise the pierogati ve of deciding between
the two pians of disposing of this fund—the sup-
port of agricultural colleges on the one hand, or
us appropi iation for the benefit of the children of
dead soldiers and seamen on the other, i trust
gentlemen do not think that the country will fail to
see the pointinvolved here. It is not whether these
lands shall be diverted from agi iculturai colleges,
but whether it shall be left in the discretion of the
State Legislatures to appropriate them to one of
two objects. Admitting even that those objects
are equally meritorious, then the only question
that spnngs up is, are we ouiselves, as Repre-
sentatives m Congress,better able to decide upon
the question as to the comparative met its of these
appropriations than the people themselves directly
represented in their Legislatuies?
Mr. HALE. I wish to know, Mr. Speaker,
if the State of Indiana is not now at liberty, if it
chooses, to confine the bemfits of this act to the
orphan children of those who have died in the ser-
vice of the country? The only restriction on that
is, that these childien shall be educated in the sci-
ence ofngricultureand the mechanic arts. It does
not prohibit their education in ail other branches
of a good education. That is the limit of the
whole bill. And if the people or the Legislature
of Indiana choose to confine the benefits of the
bill to that class of people, they are petfecliy at
liberty todo so now. Therefore I protest against
the idea that we are legislating against a class of
people, when we leject this amendment, so meii-
tonous—as the gentleman says, and as I admit
—as are the orphan children of those who fail in
the service of the country. Ail that we require
under that act is that they shall have a good ag-
ricultuial education, or an education in the me-
chanic arts,.not excluding the benefits of education
m all other branches. Can any better education
than that be provided?
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania certainly must know that an agricul-
tural college cannot beorgamzed so as to be effect-
ive short of fifteen or twenty years. Does the
gentleman propose having a single institution in
a State like Pennsylvania, or two or three, and
then talk about these little children who have not
yet received the benefits of the elements of edu-
cation going to these colleges* The whole thing
turns merely on the question whether we are
more able to decide on this question than the peo-
ple or Legislatures of the respective States.
If I were proposing to divert these lands from
the purpose ot agricultural colleges the point
