1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an enrollment district, they may be so situated as
not to make it important that the enrollment board
should hold sessions in each one of them. A fur-
ther reason exists in the fact that in such States
as Kentucky and Missouri, and in other parts of
the country still held to be loyal, or where elec-
tions at least have been held, it would be found
exceedingly inconvenient for theenrollment board
at all times to go to the county towns. They might
be met by guerrillas, if not by rebels in more for-
midable bodies, who would render their peregrin-
ations uncomfortable. The committee prefer the
shape they have given this matter in the seven-
teenth section, thereby leaving the Secietary of
War to determine the points at which the enroll-
ment boards shall hold their sessions.
As far as I recollect, I have now stated all the
material differences between the substitute and the
original bill itself. There are some sections in the
two which are precisely identical, which are the
Seriate sections properly. There are other sections
of the Senate bill which were changed somewhat in
phraseology, or in matters not affecting the body
of the section as the Senate left it. But it was
thoughtadvisable,on accountof these changes, to
rewrite the whole bill. The bill, however, as I said
before, comes before the committee in the conven- ^essity. Sir, the national defense and the suppres-
iAni ohnnn nf tho SJpnntn hill. as it wns hflipv^fl hu sinn nf this rebellion 11 ndonhted 1 v call fnr ali our
his country. But it is also true that he over-
threw the independence of herpeople, and on the
ruins reared the dazzling mausoleum of a military
aristocracy. For tlrat work the conscript law fur-
nished Lhe machinery, and his own great genius
the method. Thus centralized power found its
great exemplar in Napoleon, who fixed centrali-
zation as the law of government for his successors.
Whoever holds Paris rules Prance; who controls
the army rules Paris. The consent of the army
once gained, and the will of the people is invited
to express itself through the formality of a ballot.
The sweet voices all chime in most suspicious
harmony; not unlike the rumored elections in
some border States of this Union.
Such, sir, is an imperfect sketch of the working
of a conscript law in what was once republican
France. There it found a congenial soil and a
fitoccasion. Here I sincerely hope it may never
take root; if it should, I believe it will pervert the
native courage of our people, and turn their noble
enthusiasm for this Government into callous in-
difference; or it will rouse their just indignation
against those who have signalized their political
career by the adoption of and adherence to such
laws as this under the specious plea of military lie
ient shape of the Senate bill, as it was believed by
the committee that in thatmanner they could pre-
sent it easier, and have an earlier consideration of
it, than by attempting to pass a bill of their own.
The substitute embodies all the changes, as well as
what remains of the Senate bill, and in that shape
the House committee chose to present it to the
committee and the House.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Chairman, the history
as well as the ultimate object of this bill is clearly
expressed in the words of the Provost Marshal
General's report, namely;
Ci Tlic act of March 3, 1833, for enrolling and calling out
tho national forces, is the first ever passed hv Congress m
which the Government ha« appealed directly "to the citizens
of the United States to create a laige army without the in-
tervention of the authorities of the lespective States."
By this act, Congress strikes at State sover-
eignty with a mailed hand; aiming to establish a
standing army ofgigantic proportions, to be drawn
directly from the body of the pclple ofeach State,
without any check from, or consultation with, the
State governments. Such, sir, is the avowed in-
tention and the unmistakable spirit of this law.
Moreover, itis an imitation of a Fiench edict, of
most questionable oiigin and dangerous results;
an edict born of the French Revolution. A child
of the republic, it became the guardian of the
empire and dynasty of Napoleon. It carries the
stampof tyranny upon its face, and in its course
has been fatal to representative government.
A French Secretary of War, Caniot I think,
first conceived the ideaof raising an atmy by lot-
tery. The modifications of his plan have resulted
in the system now fastened by this Administra-
tion on the American people.
Would it not be weli, sir, to examine the career
of Fiance, once a sister lepublic, under the in-
fluence of this method of raising national forces ?
The conscription began in France at that period
of her eventful history when she was reeling in
frenzy, scarce free from the Reign ofTerror. Her
condition was hopeless, beyond perhaps that of
any people of modern times. By the happy in-
spiration of despair, Carnot drew an army from
the prostrate nation bylottery. The firstcoahtion
was broken by its victories. The foe was hurled
backtrom her frontiers with Gallic fierceness, and
France became again a power among nations.
But, sir, I hope here you will weigh well the
impottof these words: France became a military
republic from that hour, ail aggressor upon every
border, an enemy to every neighbor. The stride
onward from a military republic to a military,
impei uil despotism was so swift and so suie and
so destructive to constitutional libelty, that we
who propose to fix this vital principle of the mili-
tary system of France as the law of this Union
may well look back, around, and beyond, before
we dismiss this subject. We should remember
that the French republic fell at the bidding of
General Bonaparte; that he and a handful ot vet-
eran conscripts closed the doors of the senate of
his country, bound liberty to his throne,and trans-
mitted his claim to be master of the French to his
now most Christian Majesty. It is true that he
reestablished order and conqucrcd tho enemies of
sion of this rebellion undoubtedly call for all our
available force at this time, and I am in favor of
using all constitutional and necessary means to
preserve the integrity and to restore the lawful
and undisputed authority of this Government over
this whole Union. I believe that the Constitution
has clearly and sufficiently provided the power to
carry the country safely through this rebellion or
through any subsequent crisis. But this bill is
inconsistent with the Constitution, and mimical to
the welfare of every fiee people. It creates justi-
fiable dissatisfaction which may very naturally
lead to discord between the people and this Gov-
ernment, and may eventually sever those ties of
sympathy and interest which have bound them to-
gether in harmony and stiength up to and through
this war. No necessity exists, has existed,or is
now imminent which calls for this law; and having
been tried fairly and found insufficient as a means
of eniolling and calling out the national forces, it
should be repealed, or at least so amended as to
be limited in its objects as a law, first, to enroll all
persons liable to military duty; second, to secure
the return of deserters and pievent desertion.
Mi. Chairman, if this general review of the bill
justifies the hope that it may bo repealed, the con-
sideration of tho practical bearing and (fleet of
the deta !•; of this enrollment act will certainly
strengthen that hope. The disposal of human life
by lottery is a Solemn theme, which_ every just
man contemplates with feelings akin to awe.
With a humble deference to the wisdom winch
devised it, and with an earnestness ot purpose due
to the object of the law, I looked upon it as one
of that sacred order of appeals which puts man's
destiny upon the throw of a die; such as we arc
told of in the sad stoi ics of shipwreck, when men,
forced to the alternative of dooming one to death
lest all should perish, cast lots in silent prayer to
the great Judge that the blood of the one taken
may not be on the heads of the survivors. But
the truth soon burst through the solemn farce
which clothed the law witif flimsy dignity, and
the positive injustice of its spirit, and the down-
right wrong done in its practice, stood revealed
in ridiculous absuidity. The my stery of fate was
made manifest in a money equivalent; and the
majesty of law had the hopeful chink of cash,
which rang the changes on the merciful chance of
escape to the tunc of §300. The die was to be
cast to fix the fate of a mortal, but blind justice
loaded the dice for capitalists. The lot was to be
drawn, but he who might be taken could buy ex-
emption. Thegame was to be played and human
life the stake, but he who knew how the caids
were pricked was sure to win. Sir, as the truth
revealed itself, every honest mind felt a thiill of
indignation. The law for " cm oiling and call-
ing out the national forces" had become a mere
money question. The Government plays high-
wayman in shoulder-straps, and cries, " Stand
and delivci—your money ot your life !"_
By its operation upon the individual citizen an
invidious distinction is drawn between those who
have ^300 to spare and those who have not. in
an honoiablc cause, the seivice oi the country,
where all should share the common danger with-
out distinction of class, (whenever necessity may
demand such an extreme measure as a conscript
law,) we find a preference given to capitalt which
can always take care of itself, over labor, which is
always dependent on law for protection: letting
the one go free and forcing the other to serve;
cheating the working man of his chief and price-
less privileges of independence and equalityunder
the law.
Sir, this act lowers the dignity of labor and
compels every sound, able-bodied mechanic to as-
sume the pauper's plea, orfollow the drum in de-
fault of a miserable money equivalent. It compels
him to accept public charity or private bounty,
or march to the music of a provost marshal's order.
It degrades the laboring classes, without whose
sturdy aims and brave spirit, patient long-suffer-
ing and noble fortitude, this Government would
soon die out and fall from its high place like a
young oak blighted at the root. By the operation
of this law upon the States of this Union, a most
unfair distinction is made between those which
furnish men to fill the quota fixed by Congress and
those which furnished the equivalent in money.
The blood of the people of one State is drained
from every artery of industry and every vein of
enterprise on the one hand, while a roll of green-
backs issued from the national Treasury building
to meet the necessity created by war, or waste,
or corruption, may, on the other hand, be paid
as the price of human blood in compensation for
military service. One State may thus lose the
pith and marrow of her population, while the
other, her more canny or crafty sister State, loses
only a bundle or two of national paper currency,
which is depreciating every month by the natural
laws of finance. Sir, at least let the price of an
American citizen when put up at public sale be
fixed in coin.
The Administration has not made it very clear
to the country why the innovation should be
made upon the well-established custom and con-
stitutional precedent of relying on the militia and
volunteers for the national defense. It has been
suggested that economical views had induced the
change; that the loss of public money by con-
tractors, and the outcry made over it, led the
party m power to filter the Army appropriations
to some extent thiough a Provost Marshal's Bu--
icau. To this end a law was necessary which
should compel each citizen drafted to come up to
the captain of cavalry's office and settle; and to
enable that functionary to bring them to a speedy
and satisfactory settlement he was supplied with
a well-paid corps of spies, detectives, and inform-
ers, and empowered to arrest and impiison on his
mere suspicion, in direct violation of every prin-
ciple of the Constitution established for the pro-
tection of personal liberty. The whole sum
raised by this most magnanimous Administra-
tion, thiough this praiseworthy process of law,
is estimated to be about $10,518,000; the whole
force enrolled and mustered into the service, after
deducting those who enlisted and were credited
on the quotas after the draft was ordered, about
25,000 men; the cost of the Provost Marshal's
Bureau about $1,200,000  without estimating the
cost of enforcing the draft in districts where dis-
turbance arose from resistance to this law of en-
rollment.
Mr. Cbaiiman, as on economical measure, the
practical experience of the Administration relative
to this act is foicibly set forth by Mr. Secretary
Stanton in his letter to the President dated Jan-
uary 4, Executive Document No. 17, namely:
" And although much difference of opinion exists m re-
spect to the meuts of the system of raising troops by vol-
unteers and lhe payment of bounties, and the system of
raising an adequate force by dm ft, two things are certain:
Fust. That whatevei may he the weight of argument
oi the influence oftndh idual opinion, a large pnmnn of the
people in every State prefer the method of contributing
their portion ot the military force by bounty to volunteers,
rathei than by draft.
u Second. That veteran suldiei-. who have become inured
to service, even when paid bounty, constitute a cheaper
force than raw reciuits or (halted men without bounty."
Mr. Chairman, could I be convinced that there
existed in this country an overwhelming neces-
sity, such as gave rise to a similar law in France
at the time of lhe first coalition, then,sir, I would
yield all my objections to this lull and submit
cheerfully to the evils which it threatens and the
injustice which it perpetuates, provided always
the exemption clause were reduced to a nominal
sum or stricken out.
