1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475
rou, Mr. Speaker, and the House in that respect.
shall not expect, unless under duress, to pay
negro soldiers ten dollars, thirteen dollars, or any
other sum, If I do vote in any instance to pay
negro troops it will be because the proposition is
coupled with doing justice to the white soldiers
of the land, and because I am compelled to do it
for such a reason. But I say to those who arc in
favor of employing negro soldiers they cannot
consistently make any distinction by law between
one black regiment and another black regiment.
We cannot afford to act upon any such principles.
If we are to allow them to fight at all, and pro-
pose to do justice to black soldiers at all, we must
do justice to all alike.
Why, sir, the twelve-months men raised in
Kentucky—it is true they were nothing but white
men—weie promised by the recruiting officers
POO bounty. They fought under our Sag to the
best of their ability, with such humble courage and
ability as white nun possess, and having served
out their term of enlistment, they were mustered
out, and received only fifty dollars bounty. They
then discovered that the recruiting officers who
had promised §100 bounty had no authority to
do so. They never have received that $100, and
they never will from this Congress. There is no
majority in this House feeling a sufficient inter-
est in white soldiers to come here with a bill re-
deeming the promise made by the recruiting offi-
cers to those men. Yet these brave white men
of Kentucky have served twelve months under
the promise of $100 bounty, and are finally paid
with fifty dollars.
Now, sir, my own opinion is that the true way
would be to pay the negro soldiers what was
promised them by law, and no more. But if you
go behind the law, if you hold that it is odious
and un just to make a discrimination between ne-
gro soldiers and white soldiers, then every con-
sideration of propriety, consistency, and justice
obliges the advocates of negro soldiers to pay all
such troops with an equal, impartial hand.
In accordance with my promise, I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the various prop-
ositions will be considered independently.
The SPEAKER. They will not. The gen-
tleman can have the amendments read if he de-
sires; but the vote must be taken upon the report
of the committee of confercnce.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to have the amend-
ments read in connection with the report.
The amendments were read in extenso.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
- The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 25, nays 121; as follows:
YEAS—Mos-^r?. Baily, Bojd, William G. Brown, Am
brose W. Clark, Thomas T. Davis, Famsworth, Garfield,
Griswoid, Hooper, Kn^on, Schenck, Shannon, Smith,
Sinitheis, Thomas, Tiacy, Whaley, and Woodbiidge—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Jan^s C. Allen, Alley, Allison, Ame«,
Ancomi, Augustus 0. lialdwm, John D. Baldwin, Bauer,
Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, BoutwcH, Btandegee,
Biook*, Bioomall, Jame< S. Brown, Ohanier, Cobb, Cof-
fioth, Cole, Cox, Cravens, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dawson,Dcmuur, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly Drig^s, Eck-
ley, Eden, Eldml^e, Kiiot.Fcnton,Finck, Frank, Ganson,
Goocii, Gnder, Gunnel!, Halt, Hardin?. Harrington, Chailrs
M, PUni-5, Herrick, Holinan, Asahel W. Hubbard, John II.
Hubbard, Hutchms, Jenekes, Philip Johnson, William
John>on, Julian, Kalbfieisch, K>llcy, Francis \V. Kellogg,
Kernan, Kmsr, Knapp, Law, Lnzear, Tiittlejohn, Loan,
Longyear, Mai lory, Maroy, McCluig, McDowell, McKin-
ney, iMuUileton, Samuel F. Miller,William II. Miller,Moor-
head, Darnel Morris1, James it. Moirie, Morrison, Leonaid
Myeis, NeHon, Noble, Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson,
Pendleton, Periv, Pike, Pomeioy, Radtord, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randal), Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Itice, Uobm-jon, Rogers, Edward H-Rolhiif, James B. Rol-
lins, Ross, Seofield, Scott, Sioan, Spalding, William G.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Thayer, Upson,
VanValkenhumh, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Ehhu B.
Wafchburne, William B. Wa.«hburn, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom3Wnitield, Fernando
Wood, and YeanirUi—121.
So the report was rejected.
During1 the call of the roll,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Harris, had been called home by sickness in his
family, and that he had paired off with him.
Mr. GANSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
OuuLL) was detained at home by sickness.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House in-
sist, and ask for another committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Stevens, Pendleton, and
Davis of New York, managers of said confer-
ence on the part of the House.
RELATIONS WITH FRANCE,
The SPEA'KER laid before the House the fol-
lowing:
To the House of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of yesterday, on the subject of the joint resolution of
the 4th of last month relative to Mexico, I transmit a re-
port from the Secretary of State, to whom the resolution
was referred.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Washington, May 24, 1864.
Department of State,
Washington, May 24, 1864.
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom has been referred the reso-
lution ot the House of Representatives of yesterday, request-
ing the President to communicate to that House, if not in-
consistent with the public interest, any explanations given
by the Government of the United States to the Government
of France respecting the sense and bearing of the joint reso-
lution relative to Mexico, which passed the House of Rep-
resentatives unanimously on the 4th of April, J 864, has the
honor to lay before the President a copy of all the corre-
spondence on file or on record in this Department on the
subject of the joint resolution referred.
Respectfully submitted.
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Mr. Seward to Mr. Dayton.
[Extract.]
Department or State,
Washington, Jiyril 7, 1864.
Sir: * * * * I send you a copy of a reso-
lution which paseed the House of Representatives on the
4th instant, by a unanimous vote, and which declares the
opposition of that body to a lecogmtion ot a monarchy in
Mexico. Mi. Geofrey has lost no time in asking an expla-
nation of this proceeding.
It is hardly necessary, after what I have heretofore writ-
ten with perfect candor for the inlormaiion of France, to
say that this resolution truly interprets the unanimous sen-
timent of the people of the United States iu regard to
Mexico. Tt is, however, another and distinct question
whether the United States would think it necessary or
proper to e\pre-,s themselves in the form adopted by the
House of Representatives at this time. This isa piactical
and purely executive question, and the decision of it con-
stitutionally belongs not to the House of Representatives,
nor even to* Congress, but to the TreMdent of the United
State*. You will of eouise take notice that the declara-
tion made by tlu- Ilou>o of Representatives is in the foim
of a joint resolution, which, before it can acquire the char-
acter of a legislative act, must receive, first, the concur-
rence ot the Senate, and secondly, the approval of the
President ot the United States, or, m case of his dissent,
the renewed assent ot both Ilou^e^ of Congress, to be ex-
pies-ed by a majority of two thirds of each'body.
Willie the WCM'dent receives the declaration of the
House of Representatives with the profound respect to
which it is entitled as an exposition of its views upon a
grave and important subject, he directs that you inform the
Government of France that he does not at present contem-
plate any depaiture from the policy which this Government
has hitherto pursued m regard to the war which exists be-
tween France and Mexico. It is hardly necessary to say
that the pioceedings of the Iloueeof Representatives were
adopted upon suggestions arising within itself, and notupon
any communication of the executive department, and that
the French Government would be seasonably apprised of
any change of policy upon this subject which the President
mi?ht at any future time tlunk it proper to adopt.
I am, fir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Mr. Dayton to Mr. Seward.
No. 4-4. fE.xtraet.j
Paris, *3pril 22, 1864.
Sir: I vifited M. Drouyn de 1'Huys yesterday at the De-
railment of Foreign Affairs. The first words lie addressed
to me on entering the room were, "Do you bring us peace
or bung us war?" I asked him to what he referred, and
he said lie referred more immediately to those resolutions
recently passed by Congress, m reference to the invasion
of Mexico by the French, and the establishment of Maxi-
milian upon the throne oi that country. I *aid to him, in
reply, that I did not think France had a right to infer that
we weic about to make war against her on account of any-
thing contained in those resolutions; that they embodied
nothing more than had been constantly held out to the
French Government from the beginning. That I had al-
ways represented to the Government here that any action
upon their part interfering with the foim of government m
Mexico would be looked upon with dissatisfaction in our
country, and they could not expect us to be in haste to
acknowledge a monarchical Government, built upon the
foundation of a republic which was our next neighbor.
That I hud reason to believe you had held the same lan-
guage to the French minister in the United States. This
allegation he did not ^eein to deny, but obviously received
the icsolutions in question as a serious htep upon our part;
and I am told that the leading secessionists here build
laigely upon these resolutions, as a means of fomenting ill
feeling between tliia country and some others and our-
selves. Mr. Mason'and his secretary have gone to Brus-
sels to confer with Mr. Dudley Mann, who is their com-
missioner at that place. Mr. Slide!!, It is said, was to have
gone to Austria, although he has not yet got off.
* * * . * * * *
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM L. DAYTON.
Hon. William II. Seward, Secretary of State, fyc.
ATr. Dayton to Mr. Seward.
No. 461. [Extract.]
Paris, May 2,1864.
Sir: Immediately upon the receipt of your dispatch, No.
S25,1 applied to M. Drouyn de l'lluys for a special inter-
view, which was granted for Saturday last. I then said
that I knew that the French Government had felt some
anxiety In respect to the resolution which had recently
passed the House of Representatives in reference to Mex-
ico; and inasmuch as I had just received a copy of that
resolution, together with the views of the President of the
United States, I begged, if agreeable, to read to him yotir
dispatch in reference to the latter. To this he assented,
and, as the shortest and most satisfactory mode, following
out my instructions, I read to him that entire portion of
your dispatch which applies to this subject, stating, at tiie
same time, that I thought it was a remarkable illustration
of the frankness and straightforwardness of the President.
When the reading was closed, M. Drouyn de J'Huys ex-
pressed his gratification, and, after asking some.questions
in regard to the effect of laying a resolution upon the table
In the Senate, the conversation terminated.
The extreme sensitiveness which was manifested by this
Government when the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives was first brought to its knowledge has, to a con-
siderable extent at least, subsided.
* * * * * * *
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM L. DAYTON,
lion. William II. Seward, Secretary of State.
Mr. Seward to Mr. Jtyayton.
No. 542. t (Extract.]
Department op State,
Washington, May 9, 1864.
Sir: Your dispatch of April 22, No. 454, has been re-
ceived.
What you have said to M. Drouyn de V Iluys, on the
subject of the resolution of the House of Representatives
concerning Mexico, as you have repeated it, is entirely ap-
proved. The resolution yet remains unacted upon in the
Senate.
Mr. Corwin was to leave Vera Cruz on the 2d instant,
"Under the leave of absence granted to him by this Depart-
ment on the 8th of August last.
i am, sir, your obedient servant.
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
William L. Dayton, Esq., &c.
Mr. Seward to Mr. Dayton.
No. 561. [Extract.]
Devartmfnt of State,
Washington, May 21,1864.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your dispatch of May 2, No. 461, and to approve of your
proceedings therein mentioned. We learn that Mr. Corwin,
our minister plenipotentiary to Mexico, is at Havana, on
his return to the United States, under leave of absence.
I am, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H.SEWAED.
William L. Dayton, Esq., &c.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
papers be printed and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, with leave to report at any-
time.
Mr. WILSON. 1 object to that part of the
proposition that the committee have leave to re-
port at any time.
Mr. COX. I should like to say a few words
on the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I demand the pre-
vious question on my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The papers were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the last vote; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IOWA LAND GRANT.
Mr. ALLISON. I submit the following report;
The Clerk read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. 11. No. 381) to amend an
act entitled "An act making a grant of land to the State
of Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain raiiroads in *aid State," approved May 5, 1856,
having met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement to tiie first
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same amended
to read as follows:
On page 2, line five of section one, strike out the words^
" by said company" and insert (i and not further north ot
said town than the north line of section twenty-two,town-
ship eighty north, of range nineteen, accurding to the united
States surveys, if the citizens of the county ot Jat-per shall
