1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8|
ure $ the Sherman expedition lias not been a success, and
the rebels have everywhere shown more vigor than they
were supposed to possess."
Although the same paper and others in support
of the Administration have told the country from
time to time during the past winter that the re-
bellion was crushed and slavery was dead, that
the confederates were deserting in whole regi-
ments at a time, coming within our lines, taking
the oath and describing the most horrible suffer-
ing and demoralization from want of food, cloth-
ing, and ill-treatment, yet at the very time the
people have been so deceived and misled from day
to day, the President calls for five hundred thou-
sand more troops, and in a few weeks follows it
with an additional call for two hundred thousand
' more, making seven hundred thousand since the
lstofJanuary,and over two millionfive hundred
thousand out of the three million five hundred
thousand who voted in the so-called loyal States
at the lust presidential election, since the com-
mencement of the war, when seventy-five thou-
sand militia were to end itin twenty, or, atmost,
in sixty days.
Mr. Chairman, I have thus made a very brief
statement of facts as to the conditionof the Union
to-day, and for doing which I have no doubt the
usual charge of " encouragement for the rebels,"
"the prolongation of the war," " the rebels are
aided by their friends upon this floor," and the
like charges will be repeated again by gentlemen
on the opposite side of the House, and as i have
heard such charges so repeatedly during the past
four months, I say now and here, that the real
friends of the confederates, those who give them
aid and encouragement and enable them to carry
on the war, are on the opposite side of the House
and in the control of the Government. Yourcon-
fiscation resolution, voted for and passed by the
friends of the Administration, by which youpro-
pose to thrust your hands into the coffin of the
deceased father and take all he may have left at
his death to his widow and innocent and unof-
fending children, is worth more than fifty thou-
sand men to the confederate army. The order
issued by the PresidenttoGeneral Saxton, divid-
ing up and parcelingout the State of South Caro-
lina among the negroes and enterprising Yankee®
of Massachusetts, gives courage, energy, and en-
thusiasm to the men now in arms in the confed-
erate States. The order of the President to his
military commanders in Louisiana and Arkansas,
and the order issued in pursuance thereof by Gen-
eral Banks to the people of Louisiana, in which,
by a single dash of his pen, he strikes out of ex-
istence the constitution and organic law of the
State, and by virtue of the power vested in-him
as a major general proceeds to call and hold an
election and inaugurate State officers, and set up
a State government, and the legislation consum-
mated and proposed by Congress and speeches
made upon this floor, in support of radicalism,
is strengthening the confederacy and prolonging
the war. Herein, sir, is where they find strength;
the true friends of the confederacy in the North
are the radical abolitionists and the radical press
goading on the President to issue proclamations
and military orders, which provide food, raiment,
strength, and support for the confederacy.
If Mr. Lincoln had made a gift of millions
of greenbacks to Jefferson Davis to be used as
bounty money in recruiting the confederate army,
he could not have done better service to the cause
of the South than he has done by his silly, absurd,
and insulting amnesty proclamation,• and his
equally absurd attempt to create State govern-
ments by dictatorial power. He has, in effect,
said to the southern people, "You shall not re-
turn to the Union except under such local govern-
ments as i and my military officers dictate,55 and
with the aid of his friends in Congress he is en-
abled to add: " In the event of your submission
and return, yourestatesshallbe confiscated, your
property, personal and real, shall be taken from
you; your children shall be disinherited and left
homeless and penniless to starve, under the scorn
and hatred of northern fanatics; your lands and
manor houses shall be parceled out among our
retainers; the negro (fredman) and the adven-
turer shall sit and rule at your hearthstones; and
you. beggars and outcasts, shall be forbidden
representation in our national councils, and be
shut out forever from all offices of trust and
konor." Such is the language in which Mr.
Lincoln and this Congress and the preceding
Congress have spoken and are speaking, to the
people of the South. And now, sir, with such a
prospect before them as the sequel of submission,
outlawry, disfranchisement, social, moral, and
political degradation, penury for themselves and
their children, decreet! as their portion, will they
throw down their arms and submit to the terms?
Who shall believe that the free, proud American
blood, which courses with as quick pulsation
through their veins as our own, will not be spilled
to the last drop in resistance? This is the source,
sir, from whence comes encouragement, strength,
support, and sustenance for theconfederates; here-
in lies the secret of the unity of their action, the
prolongation of the contest, and the desperation of
the conflict, produced, not by anything said or
measures proposed by gentlemen upon this side
of the House, or by any measures proposed or
policy advocated by the Democratic party, but
by the acts of the gentlemen who make the
charges, and the President and his military com-
manders, who issue the proclamations and mili-
tary orders.
Mr. Chairman, I have deemed it proper thus
to advert to the chargcs of encouragement to the
confederates so repeatedly made upon this floor,
and I again recur to the consideration of the
Union. Can the Union be restored by war? I
answer most unhesitatingly and deliberately, No,
never; "waris final, eternal separation." My first
and highest ground of opposition to its further
prosecution is, that it is wr0ng5_.it is in violation
of the Constitution and of the fundamental prin-
ciples on which the federal Union was founded.
My second objection is, that aa a policy it is not
reconstructive but destructive, and will, if con-
tinued, result speedily in the destruction of the
Government and the loss of civil liberty, to both
North and South, and it ought, therefore, to im-
mediately cease.
In order, Mr. Chairman, that we may know
what views were entertained upon the right, as
well as the expediency, of coercing States into
submission, by some of the departed as well as
living statesmen of the country, previous to the
commencement of the present war, I propose to
call the attention of the House and the country to
a few extracts which, to my mind, are worthy of
consideration at this time.
In 1827,during the administration ofMr. John
duincy Adams, when the Legislature of Georgia
had passed an act setting aside the laws of Con-
gress regulating intercourse with the Indian tribes
within her limits, the messages of the President,
of the 5th and 8th of February, 3827, in relation
thereto were referred to a select committee of the
Senate, of which Colonel Benton was chairman,
and of which Martin Van Buren and General
William H. Harrison, both afterwards President
of the United States, were members. The com-
mittee in their report (Senate Documents, second
session Nineteenth Congress, Document No. 69)
say:
"It Is believed to be among those axioms, which in a
Government like ours no man may be permitted to dispute,
that the only security for the permanent union of these
States is to be found in the principle of common affec-
tion, resting 011 the basis of common interest. The sanc-
tions of the Constitution would be impotent to retain, in
concerted and harmonious action, twenty-four sovereign-
ties hostile in their feelings toward each other, and acting
uuderthe impulse of a ical or imagined diversity of interest.
The report to force would be alike ram and nugatory. Jts
frequent use would subject it, with demonstrative certainty,
to ultimate failure; while its temporary success would be
valueless ior all purposes of social happiness. In such con-
test*, however unequal, and however transient, the seeds
of disunion would be thickly sown, and those who may be
destined to witness them will speedily thereafter he called
to lament the destruction of the fairest prospect of civil
liberty which Heaven in its mercy has vouchsafed to man."
* * * * "The committee will not enlarge upon
the frightful consequences of civil wars. They are known
to be calamitous to single Governments, and fatal to con-
fedf.raries.,,
The prediction of the committee of the destruc-
tion of the fairest prospect of civil liberty which
Heaven in its mercy has vouchsafed to man, is
already in great danger of being realized; and
every hour the war is continued only widens the
separation and increases the danger.
But, sir, I propose to introduce the opinion of
another departed statesman of the school of poli-
tics to which the gentlemen on the opposite side
of the Chamber belong, and for whose political
opinions they entertain the highest regard. That
i profound statesman,after thecxperience of many
years in the most exalted positions of the nation,
and with a perfect knowledge of the subject upon
which he spoke, said:
"Nations acknowledge no judge between them upon
earth ; and their Government* troin necessity must, in their
intercourse with each other,decide when the failure of one
party to a contract to perfoim its obligations absolves the
other from the reciprocal fulfillment of his own. But this
last of earthly powers is not necessary to the freedom or
independence of States connected together by the immedi-
ate action of the people of whom they consist. To the peo-
ple alone is there reserved as well the dissolving as the con-
stituent power; and that power can be exercised by them
only under the tie of conscience, binding them to the retrib-
utive justice of Heaven.
" With these qualifications we may admit the same right
as vested in the people of every State in the Union, with
reference to the General Government, which was exercised
by the people of the united colonies with reference to the
supreme head of the British empire, of which they formed
a part; and under these limitations have the people of each
State in the Union a right to secede from the confederated
Union itself. •
"Thus stands the right. But the indissoluble link of
union between the people of the several States of this con-
federated nation is, after all, not in the light but in the
heart. If the day should ever come—may Heaven avert
it!—when the affections of the people of these States shall
be alienated from each other; when the fraternal spirit
shall give way to cold indifference, or collisions of interest
shall fester into hatred, the bands of political association
will not long hold together parties no longer attracted by
the magnetism of conciliated interests and kindly sym-
pathies; and far better will it be for the people of the dis-
united States to part in triendship from each other than to
be held together by constraint. Then will be the time for
reverting to the precedents which occurred at the formation
and adoption of the Constitution to lorin again a more
perfect Union by dissolving that which could no longer
bind, and to leave the separated parts to be reunited by
the law of political gravitation to the center."
Thus, Mr. Chairman, spoke John Ciuincy
Adams in an address delivered before the New
York Historical Society, on the 30th of April,
1839, in commemoration of the fiftieth anniver-
sary of the inauguration of George Washington
as President of the United States. Mr. Adams
was a believer in the doctrine therein set forth,and
the leaders of the parly to which he belonged
shared in that belief and continued to do so until the
commencementof the present unnatural civil war.
If it was Hound doctrine before secession took
place and the war began, what is there, in either,
to change the principle?
Andrew Jackson, in his farewell address to the
American people, has solemnly warned them that
the citizens or one section of the country arrayed
in arms against the other would be the end of the
Union and an end to the hope of freedom. He says:
"Ifsuch a struggle is once begun, and the citizens of
one section of the country are arrayed m arms against
those of the other, in doubtful conflict, let the battle result
as it may there will be an end of the Union, and with it
an end of the hope of freedom. The victory of the injured
would not secure to them the blessings of liberty ; it would
avenge their wrongs, but they would themselves share in
the common ruin. The Constitution cannot be maintained
nor the Union preserved in opposition to public feeling by
the mere exerticm of the coercive powers confided to the
Government."
But this opinion that the Union cannot be pre-
served by the coercive powers confided to the
Government was not confined to the departed
statesmen of the country. William H.Seward,
in his letter of April 11, 1861, to Mr. Adams,
our minister to England, said:
" For these reasons, the President would not be dis-
posed to reject a cardinal doctrine of theirs, [the rebels,]
namely, that the Federal Government could not reduce the
secedmg States to obedience by conquest^ even though he
were disposed to question that proposition. But tn fact
the President trillingly acceptsit ax true. Only an imperial
or despotic Government could subjugate thoroughly disaf-
fected and insurrectionary members of the State. This
Federal republican system of ours is, of all forms of gov-
ernment, the very one which is most unfitted for such la-
bors.,}
Such was the language of the Secretary of State
in April, 1861, three days before the Sunday on
which the President wrote his proclamation call-
ing out seventy-five thousand troops, but after
seven States had seceded from the Union. The
Secretary shared in the fears of the President,
that the attempt to subjugate the South would destroy
the Government. Three years of civil war, in a
vain and fruitless effort at subjugation, attestand
prove to-day the correctness of the opinion then
!>eld by the President:
"Only an imperial or despotic Government could sub-
jugate thoroughly disaffected and insurrectionary members
of the State.-" * * * * "This Federal re-
publican system of ours is, of all forms of government, the
most unfitted for such labor."
Who does not believe it? If there is truth in
the Declaration of Independence, and the gentle-
men on the opposite side of the House wiU cer-
