1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
think the gentleman had not read the terms of the
resolution, or he would have been unwilling to
.make that statement from his place here. So far
from that, it wiil operate to abrogate the treaty
unless Great Britain shall signify her desire to
have it revised,and unless within ayearcommis-
sioners shall succeed in revisihgit satisfactorily;
otherwise the treaty is abrogated.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if there are any gentlemen
upon the floor of this House who do not desire
any treaty, they will vote against this resolution.
I understand that that is the case so far as my
friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] is concerned,
who has offered an amendment to the resolution.
Sir, we have had memorials and petitions and rep-
resentations and resolutions from our constituents
in different parts of the country in regard to this
subject, all of which have been referred to the
Committee on Commerce; and I have yet to see
the first one that has requested us to give notice
of a peremptory abrogation of this treaty.
I have caused to be made out a statement of the
•memorials and resolutions that have come before
the Committee on Commerce. It is as follows;
® Illinois.
Chicago. Board of Trade, February 10, 1862, states that
the " treaty has been of great value to the piodueing inter-
est of the whole Northwest." Says that '• we should not
check the energy nor circu ruse tibe the Irulu^tiy of our coun-
try, but take a broad national view of the question, and
firmly advocate the principle of the greatest good to the
greatest number." 4< Cannot recommend any nieasuie that
wiil in the least cripple the energies ot our people, but
cheeifully advocate the revision of the treaty, if any of it*
paits are unjust or oppressive." " What we desire is to
make our trade still more reciprocal, still more free with
our Canadian neighbois."
Massachusetts.
Boston. Board of Tiade, Maich 7, 1864, " resolved that
the continuance of the lemproeifv treaty of 3851 between
the United States and Gieat Biitam, ai the same may be
revised in certain particulars by commissioners of the two
high contiacting paitieg, is of great momentto both cotfn-
tnea, and is demanded by the principles of human bioth-
erhood as well as by the interests of American commerce."
Minnesota.
Memorial of the Chamber of Commerce at St. Paul, re
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, February 5, 1802,
invokes the " sober second thought" of the country on the
subject of our continental policy; reiterates the u uniform
utteianeo of the authorities and citizens of Minnesota" in
anticipating ".in adjustment of the relations of the United
Stales and all the Briti>ii provinces on tins continent upon
a basis of mutual interest and good-willdoes " not deny
the expediency of a levi^ion of existing stipulations., but
always in the interest of further fieedom, not additional re-
suietion ot commercial inteicouise."
Wisconsin.
Chamber of Commerce at Milwaukee, January 13,1884,
desues kt such action as shall result in ^ecuiing anew treaty
founded upon the tine principles ol meiproeity between the
two Governments and the people of both countries, and
which shall obviate the objections and inequalities exit-
ing in the present ucuty, and be upon a moie hbeial and
enlarged basi?."
liesidents of Oconto county, Wi-s'fcon^in, and other me-
morialists, forty-tlnee in number, pray that the treaty may
be so l( modified" a< either to prevent the admu^ ion ot luin-
bei from Canada, or that a tax may be laid thereon.
This compuses all the memorials, it is believed, refetred
for several years last past to the Committee on Com-
meice, or presented to Congress, on "reeipioeiiy," bur the
Legislature of New York passed lesolutions complaining
ot Canadian Icgit-lauon since the treaty, and alfitming that
the full and free development ot all the natuial advantages
of the United States and the British provinces was for the
benefit of each, and utged the appointment of commission-
ers to secure that lesult. Cleveland and Detioit die in lavor
of nn extension of the treaty, and through their boards of
trade have expies&ed themselves to that effect.
Resolutions of the State of New Yoik.
Coneunent ie-jolution> of the Legi-latuie of the State of
New Yoik in relation to the treaty between the United
States and Gieat Britain, commonly known as the reci-
procity treaty.
Whereas, under the treaty made by the United States
with Gieat Britain, on behalf of the Butish Noith Amen-
can colonies, for the puipose ot extending reeipiocal eom-
meice, nearly all the .allele.- which Canada has to sell are
admitted into the United c?ute> fiee of dim, while heavy
duties are now imposed upon many o! those articles whieh
the United States have to sell with the intention of ex-
cluding the United ^tate.v fmm the Canadian market-, as
avowed by ihe muustei of finance and other gentlemen
holding high official portions in Canada ; and similm legis-
lation with the same otlk lal avowal ha& been adopted bj
the imposition of dkeuminatiug toll- and duties us iavor
of an isolating and ex-'iu^ive policy again-! om meichaut-
and foiwaider-*, meant and intending to destro\ the nat-
ural (fU'tt- ot the tuaty, and contiaiyto if-spuit; and
wheiea-. we believe that iiee commercial niletcourse be-
tween the United State-and the Bnti-h North American
provinces and po^es^ion?, developing the natutal, geo-
giaplueal; and other advantages ot each, for the good of
nil, is conducive to the pie-ent luteiest of cacti, and is the
only ptopei ha-is of ofir luteicoui-e tor all tuni: to come ;
and wheteas the President ot.rhe United estates, in the fiut
se&aiou of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, caused to be sub-
mitted to the Hoase of Representatives an official report,
netting forth the gross inequality and injustice existing in
our present intercourse with Canada, subversiveol theuue
intent of the treaty, owing to the sub&equentleglslatlmi of
Canada; an^ whereas the fiist uffectsof a system of retal-
iation or reprisal would injure that portion of Canada
known a^ the Upper Province, whose people have'never
failed in their efforts to secuie a permanent and just policy
for their own country and ourselves, in accoidance with
the desire officially expressed by Lord Napier when British
nnmstei at Washington, for the "confirmation and expan-
sion of fiee commercial relations between the United States
and British provinces:" Therefore,
Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress from the State of New Yoik arc requested to take
such fetep-s, either by the appointment of commissioners to
confer with peisons properly appointed on behalf of Can-
ada, or by such other means as may seem most expedient,
to protect the interests of the United States from the said
unequal an'd unjust system of commerce now existing, and
to regulate the commerce and navigation between " her
Majesty's possessions in Noith America and United States
in such manner as to render the s-ame reciprocally benefi-
cial and satisfactory," as was intended and expiessed by
the treaty. And
ReiohcJ, That the foregoing preamble and resolutions
be tianpinitted to our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, with a request that they be piesented to both Houses
thereof.
No one has asked the abrogation of this treaty.
The Legislature of Maine — which passed the
strongest resolutions that I have seen on this sub-
ject—in its hist action,as I am informed,adopted
a resolution calling on Congress to see that a
proper revision of the treaty should be made, but
not that the treaty shall be abrogated.
The treaty has undoubtedly, in some respects,
operated adversely, not because of anyofitsown
provisions, but because of action outside the
treaty itself. There are, in fact, as gentlemen
know, seven parties to this treaty. The United
States and Great Britain are the two great con-
tracting pmties, but besides them aio Canada,
NovaScotia, Prince Edward's Island, Newfound-
land, and New Brunswick. Each o( these prov-
inces has its own tariff. Each regulates its own
finances by its own laws, and only owes political
allegiance to the Government of Great Hiuain.
One of these parties, and only one, that is Can-
ada, has adopted a tariff system which is in its
operations adverse to our interest. It (Toes not
violate the letter of the treaty, but it is inconsist-
ent with those fiiendly relations that it was sup-
posed would exist between the two Governments
if the tieaty were ratified.
The treaty contains a schedule of free articles.
Those articles are of the growth or the produce
of the two countries. The treaty does not em-
brace the manufactures of either country, or arti-
cles of foieign growth. As to all*thesc matters—
manufactures and ai tides of foicign growth—
the two Governments might legislate, or either
of the provincial legislatures might take action
as to them respectively might seem right. Very
soon after the treaty went into operation it was
found that in Canada there was legislation ad-
verse to us, the direct result of winch was to
injure our interests and to benefit the home coun-
try. The effect of that hns been to reduce our
exports to Canada of manufactured goods fiom
$4,185,516 in 1858-59 to $1,510,802 in 18G2-G3.
The ad valorem system adopted by Canada, levy-
ing duties on the value of merchandise at the last
place of purchase, and also the discrimination
with reference to the diffeicnt routes over winch
merchandise was to pass, have, beyond doubt,
opeiated greatly to our prejudice. Gentlemen
will see at otjpe that a cargo of foreign'goods can
be placed within the control of Canadian consum-
ers at a cheaper price, provided the duties are
levied on these goods at the English valuation,
than if levied at their valuation at New York or
Boston, after the duties arc paid and incidental
expenses incurred. There is no douhl, in my
opinion, that if such legislation had been supposed
or anticipated no such treaty as is now in foice
could have been ratified until provision had been
made in it protecting us against such adverse ac-
tion. It ought not to be foigotten, however, that
this adveise action has come fiom Canada alone.
None of the other provincial governments have
followed her example, and 1 have yet to learn
that any dissatisfaction has grown out of the le-
giaUtive action of either of the other provinces.
Now, it is within ihe possibility of things that
a trtaty may be ratified notirieluding Canada. We
know perfectly well how very much larger the pio-
portion of our business with Canada is than with
the other provinces. Nevertheless, we do know
that this treaty itself was when formed designed to
be operative without Newfoundland, and that It
applied to Newfoundland on condition. There is
no difficulty,no impossibilityin the way of a treaty
which shall embrace Canada on condition.
But it seems to me, in view of the facts which
gentlemen will find embodied in the reports from
the Committee on Commerce in 1862 and during
this year, in the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and in the volume containing the ab-
stract of the last census,' that it would be most
unwise to adopt any such plan as that proposed
by the gentleman from Vermont. Ana to give
notice to the Government of Great Britain pe-
remptorily abrogating this treaty, without sig-
nifying in any way our willingness or desire to
have the treaty revised or put upon a proper ba-
sis, would indicate what perhaps the gentleman
frem Vermont wants, that we desire to have no
treaty at all. I can scarcely understand by what
reasons the gentleman has been brought to that
conclusion. I know that Vermont grows wool,
and that wool is a free article under the present
treaty, and the argument may be that the intro-
duction of Canadian wool might interfere with
the intorestsof the wool-growers of this country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if that were a fact, which I
hardly think can be maintained, I'should be right
sorry if my eloquent friend from Vermont should
succeed in drawing over the eyes of the House
so much wool that we could see nothing butsheep,
[laughter;] but I take issue with him, and from
information deiivcd from personal conversation
with parties who know tiie practical operations
of this treaty, as well as from official documents,
1 have no reason to believe that Vermont wool
would be less profitable to the farmer if the Can-
ada supply were not so free.
Why, sir, the wool that is grown in Canada
and sent to this country does not and cannot com-
pete with that giown in the State of Vermont.
The Vermont wool, as my friend knows very well,
is short and fine, of a superior quality, while that
grown in Canada is long and coarse. That is un-
fit for clothing, it is fit only for worsted. The
Vermont wool comes from sheep that mean wool;
the Vermont farmers raise their sheep for the
wool's sake, while the Canadian farmers raise
their sheep for the mutton, and take the wool such
as it is. We buy a great deal of foreign wool; we
import wool from Buenos Ayres. That also is of
a coarse character, not coming into competition
with tiie finer wools that are raised under the care
and expense that have been bestowed in Vermont
and other States upon our sheep. The fleece of
the Vermont sheep has been growing heavier and
heavier for the last quarter of a century. It did
not use to average more than two pounds, now
it will average scarcely less than four pounds. It
would not pay our farmers to raise the sheep from
which Canadian wool is taken. We have not
raised wool enough for our own use, and we can-
not at present raise enough for our consump-
tion. In 1860 we worked up in the United States
80,000,000 pounds of wool; of that we raised
CO,500,000 pounds; that is to say we fell short of
ihe demn nd in the raw material 19,500,000 pounds.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to ask my friend
from Massachusetts a question. He says we
manufactured last year 80,000,000 pounds of wool.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I said 1860.
Mr. MORRILL. And that we produced
60,000,000 pounds. Now, the facts are that we
raised last year 74,000,000 pounds. If, then, we
nianu facturcd 80,000,000 pounds, I would like to
know wheie we have a market for 19,500,000
pounds of imported wool?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Vermont,
in reply to* statement I made for I860, puts me
a question m leference to last year. Now, if the
gentleman will permit me to finish my statement,
I think I will satisfy him of its consistency. I
have taken the last year, of which we have cen-
sus returns, 3860, and I say that for that year
we worked up 80,000,000 pounds, while we raised
but GO,500,000 pounds. We sent to Canada the
same year '202,000 pounds; and we had, there-
fore, to buy for our own put poses that yearubout
19,722,000 pounds of wool. We brought fj*om
Canada that yt'ar 1,000,000 pounds, leaving us
still between eighteen and nineteen million pounds
shot t.
NoWjSii, I cannot answer the gentleman's ques-
tion as to the facts this year. I cannot tell ho w much
wool we have worked up this year. There has
