2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
been a largely increased demand for wool because
of this rebellion. I speak of the general course
of that business, and I say that we cannot now
raise by millions of pounds wool enough for our
own consumption.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, if it does not come
out of my time.
Mr. STEVENS. If we have to import it, ought
we not to import it from some country that will
allow a duty on it?
Mr. ELLOT. That is a question growing out
of another consideration, and that is our need for
money. We import it from Canada free. If the
argument be that we had better import it from a
country that wilt pay a duty it will bring us to
this, that we had better not have any reciprocal
treaties with any country on earth. The argu-
ment proves too much; it goes against a treaty of
any kind, because we want money now.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman believe
that the treaty-making power of this Government
has the right to regulate commerce?
Mr. ELIOT. To answer that question will
make it necessary for me to go into an examina-
tion of the constitutional question, which would
run deep into my time. I do not want to discuss
that question. We have the treaty made; the
treaty is here, whether or not the parties had the
constitutional right to make it. Now, the gentle-
man will not deny that we have the constitutional
right to pass the resolution reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] stated
the other day that this treaty was a failure so far
as the fishing interest is concerned. He put it
upon two grounds: first, that it was quite as well,
if not better, that our fishermen should fish be-
yond the three miles from land, which we had the
right to do before the treaty; and secondly, be-
cause of the great increase in the price of the ar-
ticles used in the fishing business, that is to say,
leads, nets, and everythingon board fishing ves-
sels. For these reasons the gentleman holds the
treaty to be a failure, lie introduced letters which
had been addressed to hini by two of his fisher-
men correspondents; and I beg to call the atten-
tion of the House to the extracts in the gentle-
man's speech. I cannot read (he whole as given
in the Globe, but members will find that the ob-
jections which are named do not grow out of the
treaty at ail, but out of the state of facts which
has arisen since the formation of the treaty, that
is to say, the rebellion in which we are now en-
gaged. This is the statement to which I refer:
"The reciprocity tieaty operates against the fishing in-
terest. It would be an advantage to the fishing interest to
have it abolished* with an understandingthatalariffshould
he put on foreign fish. The privilege o( fishing in-shore in
common with the English is duly appreciated by us who
are in the business, as the annoyance and loss of vessels
under the three-mile restriction was tioublcsoihe and h:ud
to bear. Hut things have entirely changed since tlte treaty
was made. In 183-1 the duties were only nomin.il,andthey
were so small that it did not make much difference whether
they were continued or not; and for the purpose of getting
clear of the three-mile restriction we thought we had bet-
ter let foreign Mi come in. itut although jtistnow the itn-
poitation is checked on account ot the high puce of ex-
change, as soon as that resumes its usual course free for-
eign fish will drive us entirely out of the maikef. Half is
now woith with them$l 50 per hogshead; with us, ft I 50.
Cod lines, leads, d nek, nets, everything that we use on hoaid
of our vessels, and the materials of which our vessels are
built, cost about in the same proportion, or nearly so. All
of us thought, in 1854, that, fighting had cease.d, and tarilfs
were among the things that had gone by. This rebellion
brings about a new order ot things. With us it is taxes, taxes.
While we are taxed one very thing that we sec, smcHjOi taste,
and very properly, too, should the ptovineials have our
markets open to them and invited to come in \v ithont tax-
ation? It is most certainly for the interest of the lishciies
that the treaty should be repealed."
It was supposed in 1854 that there would be no
tariff and no taxes, eTTTd that foreign fish might
come in free; but by reason of existing facts and
because of the rebellion it would be to the inter-
est of the fishermen to have the treaty abrogated.
The view taken here may be somewhat selfish,
but it is a frank view nevertheless, because it puts
the objection to the treaty on fair ground, and on
that ground we should not make any treaty, as we
are now in a position where we want money.
But the object of the treaty as it concerned the
fisheries was to confer and adjust rights. That
has not failed.
The history of the questions connected with the
fisheries, which were so debated and had so nearly
involved us in war, ough^to be in the mind of
every gentleman who wants to discuss the abro-
gation of this reciprocity treaty.
The gentleman says that fish might be taken as
well outside as within three miles from the land. I
will not stop to discuss that. I remember to have
heard that some years ago fishermen along a short
strip of coast, not more than twelve miles, on what
was known as Fox Island thoroughfare, suc-
ceeded in taking not less than five hundred thou-
sand barrels in one season.
But no matterabout that question. The treaty
settles certain national rights, rights which we
have always regarded as of the utmost import-
ance. It is not Massachusetts, it is not Maine
alone, that is concerned, but it is the nation at
large. There are rights which we cannot sur-
render, and there is no man upon this floor who
would advocate their surrender. You cannot
abandon them, and since the first treaty of peace
in 1783, we have always insisted upon them.
During the time which intervened between the
date of that treaty and the convention of 1818
there were differences which grew up in regard
to our rights, and war had come in between those
two dates. And when the treaty of peace be-
tween this country and Great Britain, after the
war of 1812, was about to be made, a difference
between our plenipotentiaries and those of Great
Britain in regard to this question presented itself
at once. I have caused to be taken some extracts
from a valuable report made by Mr. Sabine upon
the subject of the fisheries. Mr. Sabine is a gen-
tleman who lived a number of years in the State
of Maine, and devoted greatattention to the sub-
ject. He has given us some valuable aid, and I
ask attention to this history of the controversy
which was settled by the treaty of 1854.
By the treaty of 1783 our first fishing rights
were secured. But it was contended that the war
of 1812 had annulled and destroyed them. Duiing
the war the distant fishing grounds were aban-
doned. "The British colonists determined that
we should never occupy them more. The duties
which devolved on Messrs. Adams, Clay, Gal-
latin, Bayaid, and Russell, the American com-
misMoiiris at Ghent, were consequently difficult
mid arduous. On the one hand, they weu; ex-
pected to arrange conditions of peace, and yet
were instructed, in terms which admitted of no
discretion, to break off their consultations and
return home rather than allow the subjcct of sur-
rendering the fisheries to come under discussion;
on the other hajul, the British plenipotentiaues
met them with the doctrine that the privileges
were entirely destroyed by hostilities. Said the
late PiesuJent Adams:
These gentlemen, nftei commencing the negotiations
with the loftiest pietensions of eomiucst, finally settled
down into the determination to keep Moose island and the
fisheries to themselves. This was the object of ihcir deep-
ed solicitude. Their o/loits to obtain our acquiescence m
their pretentions, that the fUhmg liberties had been for-
feited by the wai, were unweaiied. They presented it to
Us in evciy (bun that ingenuity could device. It wai tins
tirsr stumbling-block and the last obstacle to the conclusion
of the tieaty.'"
In the course of the negotiations " Mr. Adams
suggested to his associates, and Mr. Clay em-
bodied in a proposition to be presented to the
British commissioners, the principle that we held
our rights of fishing by the same tenure that we
did our independence; that, unlike another class
of treaties, the treaty of 1783 is to be regarded as
perpetual, and of the nature of a deed, in which
the fisheries are an appurtenant of the soil con-
veyed or parted with,and that, therefore,no stip-
ulation was neccssary or desirable to secure the
perpetuity of the appendage more than ot the ter-
ritory itself. In other woi'ds, if we must contract
anew for fishing grounds, so must we also obtain
a new title to our territories. This, as I under-
stand it, is the substance of the proposition itself,
and of the various discussions of which from time
to time it formed the basis. The position was
impregnable."
But the treaty was concluded without a recog-
nition of this view, and, in 1815, " the commander
of his Majesty's ship-of-war the Jasseur, heeding
the clamors of the colonists more than the quali-
fied instructions of the admiralty, commenced the
seizure of our fishing vessels; and in one day in
June of (hat year sent no less than eight into the
port of Halifaxas lawful prizes. This outrage, and
the right assumed by the commander of this ship
to warn our fishermen not to come within sixty
miles of the coast, (as elsewhere remarked,) led
to negotiations and to the convention of 1818.
Mr. Baker, the British charge d'affaires, in re--,,
ply to Mr. Monroe's note of July 18, 1815, de-
clared ^hat the commander of the Jasseur had
transcended hisauthority,and gave the assurance
that orders had been transmitted to the naval offi-
cers on the Halifax and Newfoundland stations
which would * prevent the recurrence of any
similar interruption;' but the schooner Nabby
was seized by his Majesty's ship Saracen, Cap-
tain Gore, and proceedings in the admiralty court
of Nova Scotia were instituted against her in
August, 1818, only two months before the con-
vention was concluded. Eleven other American
vessels were seized by Captain Chambers, under
orders from Admiral Milne,for alleged violations
of British maritime jurisdiction."
The convention of 1818 quieted the discontents
for a season. But that treaty contained a renun-
ciation which has been alluded to by the gentle-
man from Maine, and an unfair construction of the
words occasioned fresh and bitter controversy.
This was the clause in the treaty:
"And the United States hereby renounce forever the
liboity heietofore enjoyed or'claimed by the inhabitants
thQieof, to take, dry, or cute fish, on or with in throe marine
miles of any of the coasts, bays, creeks, oi haibors of his
13ritannic Majesty's dominions m America not included
within the above-mentioned limits: Provided, however,
That the American fishermen shall be admitted to enter
such bays or hatbors for the purpo.se of shelter, and of re-
paiung damages theiein, of puichasing wood and of obtain-
ing water, and for no orhei puipose whatever. But they
shall be under such restriction^ as may be neccssary to
pievent their taking, drying, or curing lish therein, or in
any other manner whatever abusing the privileges hereby
reseivcd to them."'
" The distinguishing features of this article,
compared with the stipulations of the treaty of
1783, are obviously two: first, that we gave up
the catching along certain shores; and secondly,
that our facilities of drying and curing were in-
creased. The practical construction of both Gov-
ernments1' was, at first, that "our vessels could
fish everywhere, as under the treaty of 1783, ex-
cept within three miles of ceitain coasts; in other
woids, that our lights woie not impaired on the
southern shoto of Newfoundland, between Cape
llay and the Itumeau islands, on the western anil
not them shores of Newfoundland, from said
Cape llay to the Gtuirpon islands, at the Mag-
dalen islands, between Mount Joly and the Snails
of Bellcisle, and through these straits to an indefi-
nite extent along the shores of Labrador; while
elsewheie m British America we retained the sea
fisheries, but surrendered the inner or shore fish-
eries.
"The four years succeeding the ratification of
the convention were years of comparative quiet
und security. But in 1823 the ships-of-war Ar-
gus and Sparrowhawk spread alarm among our
fishermen who were employed in the Bay of Furi-
dy, and elsewhere in the waters of Nova Scotia
and New Brunswick. They molested some and
ruined the voyages of othe s; but the Charles of
Yoik, Maine—a prize to the Argus—is believed
to be the only vessel captuied and sent into poit
for trial.
" In 1824 Captain Hoare, of his Majesty's brig
Dotterel, seized nine vessels. The conduct of
this gentleman caused much excitement and in-
dignation. 1 personally witnessed many of his
proceedings. However censurable his general
course, it is not remembeied that he disturbed
the humble men who fish in small open boats in
the bay of Passamaquoddy, and m waters always
considered free and common to the people of the
two flags. Of the vessels which he captured, one
was letuken by her crew, assisted by one of his
own men, and two others were lescued by their
crews, aided by an armed party from Eastport.
"Early in 1826 the Dotterel was again the ter-
ror of our fishermen. The presence of the United
States sloop-of-war Lexington, Captain Shubriek,
under orders to cruise upen the fishing grounds,
relieved their fears; and the season passed away
without any serious disturbance. But there had
been no adjustment of the difficulties which oc-
curred in 1824."
Without referring to some comparatively unim-
portant differences we come to the year 1839.
" The seizures m the course of the year were nu-
merous. The Java, Batteile, Mayflower, Charles,
Eliza,Shetland, Hyder All, Independence, Hart,
Ocean, Director, Atlas, Magnolia, Amazon, and
