1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Secretary read the following report:
Tiie Committee.on Claims, to whom "vveie referred the
memoual and papers in relation to the claim of Chailes A.
Pitcher, respectfully submit the following report and the
accompanying bill for the relief of the memorialist.
The claim iu this case is lot damages for the use of several
patent machines for making brooms in the penitentiary of
the United States ftom the 1st of November, 1859, to the
20th of September, 180-2.
The facts in the cast are substantially set forth in the re-
poitof the inspectors ofthe penitentiary, which is indorsed
by the Secietary of the Interior, and is as follows:
Washington, February 5,1862.
Gentlemen : tn obedience to a resolution passed at your
last meeting, referring to me the letter of Charles A. Pitcher,
f ies-ppctfiilly report that the following appear lo be the
fact'? m the case: On tlielstofNovemher, 1857, letters pat-
ent were granted to Spencer ltowe, of Baltimore, Maryland,
for an "improvement in machines for making brooms."
On the 4th day ofthe same month he resulaily assigned and
transfer!ed all his right and title in the patent to John Fox,
and on the 2d day oi April, 1861, Fox sold and ti<uisfeirci\.
to Charles A. Pitcher all right and tule to the patent under
the assignment made In Rowe, together with any right or
chum he (Fox) mjaht have tor any infungement for the
•saul patent right. Doth these assignments were duly te-
coidod in the Patent Office, as leijuiied by law. Tin v ate
in proper form and prima facie of legal force and effect.
Notwithstanding thesale which Rmve hadaheady made of
bis whole patent light,he enteted into an agreement with
Warden Thornley, on the 16th day of February, 1858, to
up and run his machines in the penitentiaiy, hiring of
Thornley the necessary wotkmen liom among the con-
vicNj and agreeing to pay for their labor forty cents a day
each. Rowe failed to tulfill his agreement, and, under
the provisions ot his contract, the appaiatus was sold and
bid in by the then warden, and has, ever since been used
in manufaetming brooms in the penitentiary. Some two
orthiee new machines have also been added. Waiden
Thornley committed an evident error in failing to examine
the reeoids befoie he made any agreement with Rowe for
the use of his patent in the penitentiary. If he had ex-
eieised proper precaution m this tespect, no difficulty
could have oceurted, and no claim for an infungement
could have arisen. Since the suriender of Rowo's cou-
tiact of Febiuary 16, 1858, the machines have been in use
under successive vvaidens, and bioom-rnaking constitutes
on important pait of the labor of the convicts. I am not
prepared to say whatsavmg is effected by the use of ltowe's
patent over the m?mulactuYe by hand or by fieemaclunciy,
but, ;ts the case now stands, it seems elear that the use ol
the machineiy on hand is an infiingetnent on the legal
rights of Mi. Pitcher. No claim for damages, however,
can be settled either by the waiden or by the inspectors, fur
it wn> long since decided, and especially by Chift Justice
Taney, when Attorney Genci.tl ofthe United States, that
no di>bui-;ing oi accounting officer has any light to a-^ess
and pa> damage?, as by ^o doing approptiatioiirf ot money
might be dtvested fiom their legitimate objects, and a door
opened for collusion and fraud when an individual has
been damnified by the action of the Government oi of its
agent*. Congies* alone can ledi osi the mjuiy, and in this
case Mr. Pitcher is unquestionably entitled to compensa-
tion to be determined and appropriated for by that body.
I am, vciy respectfully, yours,
J. M. BltODlIEAD,
Committee of the Board of Inspectors.
The Hoard of Inspectors United States Penitentiary,
Washington, Disti ict of Columbia.
Adopted by the buaid of inspectors, Febiuary 5, 1862.
C. HOSMER, Clcik.
Department or the Interior, May 19, 1862.
I concur in the statement of tacts made by the inspect-
ors of the penitentiaiy, and also in the opinion expressed
by them, that Mr. Pitcher is entitled to compensation for
the u.-e of his patent in the penitentiary. The subject is
re; pcctlully refeired to Congress for such action u  may be
deemed expedient. CALEB B. SMITH,
v Secretury.
, After a lengthy and careful examination of all the papers
in this caser the committee concur with the opinion ex-
pressed by the board ot inspectors and the Secietary, that
the memorialist is entitled to compensation for the use of
the invention.
The great difficulty has been to a>ceitain the pioper
amount ot damages winch should be allowed. The Gov-
ernment's appeals from the testimony ofthe waulen«,
officers ofthe penitentiary, and others, has received a ben-
etit irom the use of this machine in the penitentiary, for
the tune mentioned, of over twenty thousand dollars over
what it could have realized from manual labor and ma-
chinery not patented. Your committee are of opinion that
ju-tn e" would demand that the memorialist should receive
at least one fourth of tins profit.
We are awate a much laiger amount could be recoveied
by law against an individual for such infungement of a pat-
ent as th«-Governmeiithas made in this case, but they think
the Government cannot be held to such liability under all
the encumstanees.
The committee lccommend tiie passage ofthe bill lieie-
with reported.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN WILLIAMS.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was refeired the bill (H. R. No. 5G9) for
the lelief of John Williams, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to le-
port it back without amendment and recommend
Us passage, it appropriates £68 75 to pay for
twenty-five cords of wood used by the Govern-
ment two years ago, and I ask the Senate to put
it on its passage.
Tli ere being no objection, the Sen ate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It authorizes the Quartermaster General to
.audit and pay the account of John Williams, for
twenty-five cords of wood, at $2 75 per cord, de-
livered by him to the United States, at Oshkosh,
Wisconsin, under a contract made with the quar-
termaster of the twenty-first regiment Wisconsin
volunteers, the accountamounting to $63 75.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition ofR. G. Mur-
phy, late Indian agent for the Sioux Indians, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
346) for the relief of Richard G. Murphy. The
bill was rend and passed to a second reading,and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Charles
Ramsey, praying for a pension, submitted an ad-
verse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (R. R. No. 4G8) to amend an
act for the reliefof Valentine Wchrheim, approved
June 12,18G0, submitted an adverse report; which
wa$ ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a bill (H. R. No. 300) for the relief of
Emily A. Lyon, reported it with an amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom was
refened a biii (H. R. No. 478) for the leiief of
Charles M. Pott, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Healso, from Ihe same committee, to whom was
refeired the petition of Rebecca S. Harrison,
widow of Lieutenant Horace N. Harrison, Uni-
ted States Navy, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 347) for the reliefof Rebecca S.
Haruson. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
PASSBNGKliS IN STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. CONNEyS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take upiiouse bill No. 510.
The motion was agieed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the YV hole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 510) further to regulate the car-
riage of passengers in steamships and other ves-
sels.
It provides that the term " contiguous terri-
tory, in the first section of the act to regulate
the carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels, approved March 3, 1855, sdiaH not be
held to extend to any po.rt or place connecting
with any intcroceanic route through Mexico;
and that the provisions of the eleventh section of
that act shall extend to all vessels whose passen-
gers, or any part of them, aie or shall be bound
from or to any of the ports or places therein men-
tioned, by way of any overland route or routes
through Mexico or Central America.
Iieieafter there arc to be delivered to masters or
owners of vessels three copies of the inspectors'
certificates directed to be given them by'collect-
ots or other chief officers of the customs, by the
twenty-fifth section of the act of August 30,1852,
one of which copies shall be placed, and at all
times kept, in some conspicuous place in the ves-
sel, whcie it will be most likely to be discovered
by steerage passengers, and the others as now
provided by law; and the penalty for neglecting
or refusing to place and keep up such additional
copy shall be the same as is provided by the
twenty-fifth section of that act in the other cases
therein mentioned. The list of passengers re-
quired to be ktfpt by section thirty-five of the act of
August 30, 1852, is also to be open to the inspec-
| tion of any passenger during all reasonable hours;
i and after any clearance is granted, but before the
j vessel shall be allowed to depart, the master or j
j other person in charge of such vessel carrying pas- i
! sengers is to file with the collector, or other officer j
' of tiie customs granting the clearance, a list, ver- i
! ified by the oath of the master, or otiiei agent, or I
owner of the vessel, of ail passengers received at
to be received on the'vessel so cleared, for con-
veyance during the proposed voyage, designating
cabin and steerage passengers distinctly; and on*
the reccipt by such customs officer of the full list
so verified, a departure permit shall be given,
without which no vessel conveying passengers
shall go to sea'; and such departure.permit snail
be shown to the pilotof each vessel before he shall
have authority to take the vessel to sea; and any
pilot who shall without such authority; being
shown to him pilot a vessel to sea shall be sub-
ject to a fine of $100, and a revocation of hia
license. • .
The master or commander of any vessel carry-
ing passengers from any port or ports in the Uni-'
ted States to any^ port or place in Mexico or
Central America is, immediately on arriving at
such last-mentioned port or place, to deliver to
the UnitedStates consul, vice consul, or commer-
cial agent at such port two copies of the list of
passengers required to be kept on such vessel by
section thirty-five of the act of August 30, 1852,
embracing all the passengers on board the vessel
at any time during its voyage up to its arrival,
and duly verified by the oath of spch ipaster or
commander, and by the inspection of the consul,
vice consul, or commercial agent previous to oi.;
at the landing of the passengers; one ofwhfah
copies the consul, vice consul, or commercial
agent shall file in his office, and- the otber-Qf which
he shall transmit, without delay, to the collector*
of the pott in the United States from which, the
vessel last cleared. The bill also declares that the
provisions of section twelve of the "act to pro-
vide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam/' approved July 7, 1838, shall
be extended to the owner or owners of any steam-
boat or other vessel propelled in whole or'io part
by steam, and to all public officers, by or in con-
sequence of whose fraud, connivance, misconduct,
or violation pf law, the life or lives of any person
or persons o,n board such steamboat or vessel may
be destroyed. If the owner or owners, master,
commander, or other person in charge of arty
steamboat ot' other vessel, shall willfully present
or cause to be presented any false or .fraudulent
list or lists of its passengers, or copies thereof,
to any consul, vice consul, commercial agent, col-
lector, or other custom-house officer, or ofthe de-
parture permit to any pilot, he or they shall,be
held'guilty of misdemeanor, and on conviction
be imprisoned for a term not exceeding two
years, and the vessel be liable to seizure and for-
feiture.
The Secretary of the Treasury shall cayse to
be prepared a synopsis of such of the laws le-
latjng to the carriage of passengers, and their
safety on vessels propelled m whole or in part
by steam, as he shall think expedient, and have
the same printed in convenient form to be framed
u,nder glass, and give to any such, vessel two
copies, o,n application of its owners or master,
who shail, without unnecessary delay, have the
same framed' under glass, and place and keep
them in conspicuous places in such vessel, in the
same manner as is provided by" law in regard to
certificates of inspectors; and no clearance is to
be issued to such vessel until the collector* or
other chief officer of the customs shall be satis-
fied that these provisions have been complied with
by such owners or master; and in case such own-
ers or master shall neglect or refuse to comply,
he or they shall furthermore forfeit and pay for
each offense $100, and such fine shall be a hen
upon the vessel until paid. Informers are to be
entitled to one half of any penalty or fine col-
lected under this act or the act of March 3, 1855,
upon their information. It is also provided that
all steamers and other vessels belonging to a
citizen or to citizefis of the United States, and
bound from any port in the United States to
any other port therein, or to any foreign port,or
from any foreign port to any port in the United
States, shall, before clearance, receive on board
all such bullion, coin, United States notes and
bonds and other securities as the Government of
the United States or any department thereof, or
any minister, consul, vice consul, or commercial
or other agent of the United States abroad shall
offer, and shall securely convey and promptly
deliver the same to the proper authorities or con-
signees on arriving at the port of destination,and
