1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1503
existence. A man may not desire to die, but
nevertheless his belief will not alter the fact of
his mortality."
I shall not, in these remarks, recur to the un-
pleasant and acrimonious controversy of who is
responsible for the death and destruction of our
Republic. I do not see that any such discussion
now would be productive of good. I entertain
clear and strong convictions upon that point, con-
victions that 1 have no doubt will be shared in by
the impartial historian of the future; for the pres-
ent I am willing to let the past with all its recol-
lections rest, provided we can snatch from the
common ruin some of our old relics of freedom.
I do not share in the belief entertained by many
of my political friends on this floor and elsewhere,
that any peace is attainable upon the basis of union
and reconstruction. If the Democratic party were
in power to-day i have no idea, and honesty com-
pels me to declare it, that they could restore the.
Union of thirty-four States. My mind has under-
gone an entire change upon that subject; and I
now believe that there are but two alternatives, and
they are either an acknowledgment of the inde-
pendence of the South as an independent nation,
or their complete subjugation and extermination
as a people; and of these alternatives 1 prefer the
former.
Mr. Chairman, I take little or no interest in the
discussion of the question which many of my po-
litical friends would make an issue, as to how this
war shall be prosecuted, its manner and object,
I regard that as worse than trifling w ith the great
question. I do not believe there can be any pros-
ecution of the war against a soveieign State under
the Constitution, and I do not believe that a war
so carried on can be prosecuted so as to render it
proper, justifiable, or expedient. Jin unconstitu-
tional war can only be carried on in an unconstitu-
tional manner, and to prosecute it further under
the idea of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] as a war waged against the con-
federates os an independent nation, for the purpose
of conquest and subjugation, as he proposes, and
the Admimstiation is in truth and in factdoing, 1
am equally opposed.
I say fuither, Mr. Chairman, that if this war
is to be still fuither piosccuted, I, for one, prefer
that it shall bo done under the auspices of those
who now conduct its mijRagement, as 1 do not
want the pnrty with which I am connected to be
in any degree responsible for its result, which
cannot be otherwise than disastrous and suicidal;
let the responsibility remain whete it is, until we
can have a change of policy instead of men, if
such a thing is possible. Nothing could be more
fatal for the Democratic party than to seek to
come into power pledged to a continuance of the
war policy. Such a policy would be a libel
upon its creed in the past and the ideas that lay
at the basis of all free government, and would
lead to its complete demoralization and rum. i
believe the masses of the Democratic party are
for peace, that they would be placed m a false
position if they should nominate a war candidate
for the Presidency and seek to make the issue
upon the narrow basis of how the war should
be prosecuted.
For my own part, as I have already indicated,
I fear that our old Government cannot be pre-
served, even under the best auspices and with
any policy that may be now adopted, yet I de-
sire to see the Democratic party, with which I
have always been connected, preserve its con-
sistency and tepubltcan character unshaken.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, E should
be obliged to you if you would direct the Sergeant-
at-Arms to bung a white flag and plant it in the
aisle between myself and my colleague who has
just addressed you.
I recollect on one occasion when two s;reatarmies
stood face to face, that under a white flag just
planted I approached a company of men diessed
in the uniform of the rebel confederacy, and
reached out my hand to one of the number and
told him I respected him as a brave man. Though
he wore the emblems of disloyalty and treason,
stiii underneath his vestments I beheld a biave
and honest soul.
1 would reproduce that scene here this after-
noon. I aay^wcre there such a fhig of truce—but
God forgive me if J should do it under any other
circumstances!—I would leach out this right hand
and ask that gentleman fo take it; because 1 honor
his bravery and his honesty. I believe what has
just fallen from his lips is the honest sentiment of
his heart, and in uttering it he has made a new
epoch in the history of tins war; he has done a
new thing under the sun; he has done a brave
thing. It is braver than to face cannon and mus-
ketry, and I honor him for his candor and frank-
ness.
But now I ask you to takeaway the flag of truce;
and I will go back inside the Union lines, and
speak of what he has done. I am reminded by
it of a distinguished character in Paradise Lost.
When he had rebelled against the glory of God
and "led away a third part of heaven's sons,
conjured against the Highest," when after terri-
ble battles in which mountains and hills wore
hurled by each contending host "with 'jacula-
tions dire;" when at last the leader and his hosts
were hurled down "nine times the space that
measures day and night," and after the terrible
fall lay stretched prone on the burning lake, Salan
lifted up his shattered bulk, crossed the abyss,
looked down into Paradise, and, soliloquizing,
said:
"Which way I fly is hell; myself am hell."
It seems to rue in that utterance he expressed
the very sentiment to which you have just list-
ened; uttered by one no less brave, malign, and
fallen. This man gathers up the meaning of this
great contest, the philosophy of the moment, the
prophecies of the hour,and,in sight of the para-
dise of victory and peace, utters them all in this
wail of ten ib!e despai r,'' Which way I fly is hell."
He ought to add, " Myself am hell."
Air. Chairman, I am leminded of two charac-
ters in the war of the Revolution as compared
with two others in the war of to-day.
The first was Loid Fairfax, who dwelt near
the Potomac, a few miles fiom us. When the
great contest was opened between the mother
country and the colonies, Lord Fairfax, after a
protracted stiuggle with his own heart, decid< d
that he must go with the mother country. He
gathered his mantle about him and went over
grandly, solemnly, and impicssively, and joined
the foi tunes of Great Britain against the home of
his adoption.
But there was another man who cast in his lot
with tiie struggling colonies, and continued with
them tilt the war was well-nigh ended. But in a
day of darkness, which just preceded the glory
of the morning, that other man, deep down m the
damned pits ot his black heart, hatched the treason
to surrender forever ail that had been gamed to the
enemies of his country. Benedict Jlmvld was that
man.
Fairfax and Arnold find their parallel in the
struggle of to-day.
When this war began many good men stood
hesitating and doubting what they ought to do.
Their doctrine of State rights, their sympathies,
all they had ever loved and longed for, were in
the South, and after long and painful hesitation
some of them at last went with the enemies of the
nation.
At that time Robert E. Lee sat in his home
across the liver here doubting and delaying, and
going off at last almost tearfully to join the ene-
mies of his country. He reminds me in some re-
spects of Loid Fairfax, the stately royalist of the
Revolution.
But now, when hundreds of thousands of biave
souls have gone up to God under the shadow of
the flag, and when thousands more, maimed and
shattered in the contest, are sadly awaiting the
deliverance of death; now, when th ree years of tei-
riflc warfare have raged o\er us, when our armies
have pushed the rebellion back over mountains
and rivers and crowded it back into narrow limits,
until a wall of fire gii ds it; now, when the uplifted
hand of a majestic people is about to let fail the
lightning of its conquenng power upon the rebel-
lion ; now, in the quiet of this Hall, hatched in tiie
lowest depths of a similardark treason, there rises
a Benedict Arnold and proposes to sinrender us
all up, body and spiiit, the nation and the flag, its
genius and its honor, now and forever, to tiie ac-
cursed tiaitors to our country. And that prop-
osition comes—God foighe and pity my beloved
State!—it comes from a citizen of the honored and
loyal Commonwealth of Ohio.
I implore you, brethien in this House, not to
believe that many such births ever gave pangs to
my mother State such as she suffeied when that
traitor was born. (Suppressed applause and sen-
sation.] I beg you not to believe thaton the soil
of that State another such growth has ever der
formed the face of nature and darkened the light
of God's day. [An audible whisper, '* Vallan-
digham."] But ah, I am reminded that there are
other such. My zeal and love For Ohio have car-
ried me too far. I retract. I remember that only
a few days since a political convention met at the
capital ot my State, mid almost decided to select
from just such material a Representative for the
Democratic party in the coming contest; and to-
day, what claim to be 4 majority of the Democ-
racy of that State say that they have been cheated
or they would have made that choice. I there-
fore sadly take back the boast I first uttered in be-
half of my native State.
But, sir, I will forget States. We have some-
thing greater than States and State pride to talk of
heie to-day. All peisonal or State feeling aside,
I ask you what is the proposition which the en-
emy of his country has just made? What is it?
For the first time in the history of this contest
it is proposed in this Hall to give up the strug-
gle, to abandon the war, and let treason run riot
through the land! I will, if I can, dismiss feel-
ing from my heart,andtiy to consideronly what
bears upon the logic of the speech to whicii we
have just listened.
First of all, the gentleman tells us that the right
of secession is a constitutional right. 1 do not
propose to enter into the argument. I have ex-
pressed myself hitherto upon State sovereignty
and State rights, of which this proposition of his
is the legitimate child.
But the gentleman takes higher ground—and
in that I agree with him—namely, that five mil-
lion or eight million people possess the light of
revolution. Grant it; we agree there. If fifty-
nine men can make revolution successful, they
have the right of revolution. Ifone State wishes
to break its connection with the Federal Govern-
ment, and does it by force maintaining itself, it is
an independent State. If the eleven southern
States are determined and resolved to leave the
Union, to secede, to revolutionize, and can main-
tain that revolution by force, they have the revo-
lutionary light to do so. Grant it. I stand on
that platform with the gentleman.
And now the question comes, is it our consti-
tutional duty to let them do it? That is the ques-
tion, and in older to reach it 1 beg to call yourat-
tention, not to an argument, but to the condition
of affairs which would result fiom such action—
the mere statement of which becomes the strong-
est possible argument. What does this gentle-
man propose? Where will he draw the fine of
division? If the rebels carry into successful se-
cession what they desire to cairy, if their revolu-
tion envelops as many States as they intend it
shall envelop, if they draw the line where Isham
(i. Hairis, the rebel Governor of Tennessee, in
the rebel camp near our lines, told Mr. Yallau-
digham they would draw it—along the line of the
Ohio and of the Potomac—if they make good their
statement to him that they will never consent to
any other line, then I ask what is this thing that
the gentleman proposes to do?
He proposes to-leave to the United States a ter-
ritory reaching from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
and one hundred miles wide in the center'. Fiom
Wellsville on the Ohio liver to Cleveland on the
lakes is one hundred miles. 1 ask you, Mr.
Chairman, if there be a man here so insane as to
suppose that the American people will allow their
magnificent national proportions to be shorn to
so deformed a shape as this?
I tell you, and I confess it here, that while 1
hope I have something of human courage, 1 have
not enough to contemplate such a lesult. I a.«ti
not biave enough to go to the brink of the preci-
pice of successful secession and look down into it.'i
damned abyss. If my vision were keen enough
to pierce to its bottom, I would not dare to look,
if there be a man here who dare contemplate such
a scene, 1 look upon him either as the bravest of
the sons of women or as a downright madman.
Secession to gain peace ! Secession is the tocsin
of eternal war. There can be no end to such a
war as will he niaugniated if this thing be done.
Suppose the policy of the gentleman were
adopted to-day. Let the order go forth; sound
the " recall" on your bugles, and let it liiigfrom
Texas to the far Atlantic, and tell ttie armies to
