1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE..
2479
Three Brothers were among the number. Her
Majesty's cruisers spread consternation on the
fishing-grounds throughout the season. Hon.
Keith Stewart, in command of the Ringdove,
was as much dreaded by our fishermen in the
Bay of Pundy as Captain Hoare had been, in
the Dotterel, in the year 1824. In Julyagentle-
man of one of the frontier ports of Maine informed
an official personage at Washington that four or
five hundred American fishing vessels were then
in that bay; that the complaints of the colonists
of the isljuid of Gutnd Menan had caused the
commanders of the British cruisers to refuse shel-
ter to our flag even in stormy weather; thatnearly
one hundred of our vessels, which had been driven
from positions secured to them by the treaty, had
fled for lefuge to a single harbor on the American
side of the line; and that our fishermen were gen-
erally armed, and would not bear the indignities
to winch they were exposed. He added that
'they can furnish some thousands of as fearless
men as can be found anywhere, at short notice;
and unless our Government send an armed ves-
sel without delay you will shortly hear of blood-
shed.' Such was the condition of things, now
well remembered, at and near the border. Else-
where there was so much difficulty and excite-
ment that the masters of our vessels, whether at
sea or at anchor, felt themselves unsafe; and, mo-
lested along the entire coast of Nova Scotia, many
of them adjusted their afifaiis at the close of the
season without reward for their toil and expo-
sure, and in sadness of spiritas to the future, in a
word, there seemed to persons of cnlm judgment
a determination on the part of colonial politicians
to drive our countrymen to extremities. To ox-
ckukus from the bays of Fundy and Chaleura
anuBother large bays by lines drawn from head-
land to headland; to deny to us resort to thecolo-
nial ports and harbors for shelter and to procure
wood and water, except in cases of actual dis-
tress; to dispute our right to fish on the shores of
the Magdalen islands, and thus to render the
treaty stipulation valueless; and to close against
us the Strait of Canso, and of consequence to com-
pel us to make the dangerous voyage around the
island of Cape Breton, when bound to or from
the Gulf of St. Lawrence, are among the preten-
sions of Nova Scotia seriously asserted in the
memorable year 1839. The seizures of our ves-
sels and the other proceedings which we have
briefly noticed attracted the attention of ourGov-
ernment, and the United States schooner Gram-
pus, under the command of Lieutenant John S.
Paine, was dispatched to the scene of alarm and
commotion. Lieutenant Paine informed himself
of the matters in dispute and performed his duty
with zeal and efficiency."
i omit the history of the next six years.
"The events of 3845 were highly interesting
and important. The colonists had apparently ac-
complished their long-cherished plans. The opin-
ion of the Crown lawyers in 1841; the declaration
of Lord Stanley in 1842, that our Government
* practically acquiesced' in the new constiuc-
tion of the convention; and the capture of the
Washington in 1843, for an infringement of that
construction, and for no other ftflense whatever,
were all calculated to impress them with the be-
lief that the contest was at an end. Such, I con-
fess, was the inclination of my own mind. My
hdme was on the frontier; i was a dealer in the
products of the sea, and was in the daily trans-
action of business with fishermen of New Bruns-
wick and Nova Scotia, and was well advised of
the measures which weie adopted by the colonists
from time to time to induce the ministry at home
to sustain their pretensions. The zeal which
was manifested by those who managed the Brit-
ish side of the case, and the seeming apathy of
the American press and the Amcncan people;
the rumors frontuhe Government House at Hal-
ifax, and the want of all information from the
White House at Washington,gave rise to much
alarm. Official silence on our part was at lust
broken; and such of our citizens as were engaged
in the fisheries, or weie otherwise involved m
the issue of the contioversy, were astounded, in
June, at the following paragraph which appeared
in the Union, a newspaper supposed to enjoy
the confidence of our Government, and said, in
the popular sentiment, to Ge its 'organ.' Said
that paper:
"< We arc giaufied to ho now enabled to state that a dis-
patch has been recently received at the Department of
State from Mr. Everett, our minister at London, with
which lie transmits a note from Lord Aberdeen contain*
ini? the satisfactory intelligence that, after a reconsider-
ation 'of the subject, although the Queen's Government
adhere to the constiuction of the convention which they
have always maintained, they have still come to the de-
termination of relaxing from it, so f,u as to allow Ameri-
can fishermen to purine their avocation* in any part of the
Jiay of Fundy, provided they do not approach—except in
the cases specified in the treaty ol J818—- within three miles
of the enhance of any bay on the coast of Nova Scotia or
New Brunswick.
"' This is an important concession, not merely as remov-
ing an occasion of frequent and unpleasant disagreement
between the two Governments, but as reopening to oureit-
izens those valuable fishing grounds within the Bay of
Fundy which they enjoyed before the war of 181*2, but
from which, as the British fJovornment Iw* since main-
tained. they were excluded by the convention of 1818.'
V
I^The assertion, from such n source, that the
British Government had 'always maintained'
tiie construction of the convention contended for
m the 'case' submitted to the Crown lawyers
by Lord Falkland, in 1841; the annunciation
that our vessels were no longer to fish 'within
three nuies of the entrance of any bay on the
coast of Nova Scotia or New Brunswick,' the
bay of fundy alone excepted; the further dec-
laration that the fishing grounds of that bay
'enjoyed before the war of 1812,' and lost to
us by that event, were now 'reopened' to us
by 'an important concession'—excited the live-
liest sensibility, and were regarded in the fishing
towns of Maine and Massachusetts with dismay,
"The events of 184G, and of the three succeed-
ing years, will detain us but a moment. The seiz-
ure and total loss of several American vessels, and
the renewed efforts of the Nova Scotia House of
Assembly to close the Straitof Canso, for reasons
stated in three annual reports of committees of
that body, are the most inipoitant, and all which
we need notice."
I now come to the year 1851.
" But there is good authority for saying that
the British admiral (Seymour) was instructed by
the admiialty, in the course of August, to allow
our fisheimen to pursue their avocation ill the
Bay of Fundy on the terms of the arrangement
of 1845; to allow us to fish at the Magdalen
islands,as in foimer yeats; to forbear to capture
our vessels when more than three miles from
the shore, as measured without reference to the
'headlands,' and by the old construction of tire
convention; .and generally to execute his orders
with forbearance and moderation. That the Brit-
ish ministry have been disposed, from first to last,
to adjust the conti oversy on honorable terms can
hardly be doubted. 1 n 1852, as in 1845, the clam-
ors, remonstrances, and, 1 will add, the misrep-
resentations of the colonists, changed their inten-
tions. As at every former time, the politicians of
Nova Scotia led olf'in opposition to a settlement.
Early in September a public meeting was called
at Halifax which, according to the published re-
port of its proceedings, was attended by persons
of nil classes and interests, to ' petition her Ma-
jesty in regard to the rumored surrender of the
'rights of fishery secured to British subjects by
the convention of 1818.' One gentleman of con-
sideration and influence appears to have 'pro-
tested against the utility of the meeting,' but to
have been ' pi omptly checked by his worship the
mayor,' who presided. Several merchants were
present, but performed a secondary part. The
political leaders had everything their own way.
"There is now but little to add to complete a
record of the more important events connected
with the history of this controversy.
" The Queen of England, in her speech at the
openingot Parliament, November, 1852, remaiked
that—
"< Tlif pre.-ont and well-grounded complaints on the part
of my Nmih Aniciicnti colonies of the infraction by the
citizen^ oi tin' United States of the fi-hery convention of
1818 induced me to dispatch, lor the piotection ol their in-
tcie<5t>, a class of voxels better adapted to the service than
those which had been previously employed. This step has
led to discussion w ith the Government ol the United States;
and uhiie the rights of my subjects* have beenhimly main-
tained, the Ineudly spun in which the question has been
treated induce-, me to hope that the ultimate result may be
a mutually beneficial extension and improvement ot our
commercial mteicourse with the great Republic.
The paper written by Mr. Webster in July,
1852, and the debate in the Senate during the sum-
mer of that year, will be remembered.
I have now given fiom Mr. Sabine's valuable
report a statement of the material facts concern-
ing the fisheries before the reciprocity treaty of
1854. The first article of the treaty is as follows:
" It is agreed by the high contracting partiestbat In addi-
tion to the liberty securetfto the United States fishermen
by the above-mentioned convention of October 20, 18J8,
of taking, curing, and drying fi&h on certain coasts of the
British North American colonies therein defined, the in-
habitants of the United States shall have,in common with
the subjects of her Britannic Majesty, the liberty to take
fish of every kind, except shell-fish, on the sea-coasts and
shores, and in the bays, harbors, and creeks of Canada.
New Bunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward's Island, and
of the several islands thereunto adjacent, without being
restricted to any distance from the,ehore, with permission
to land upon the coasts and shores of those colonies and
the islands thereof,^md also upon the Magdalen islands,
for the purpose of drying their nets and curing ibeir fish:
Provided, That in so doing they do not interfere with the
rights Of private property, or with British fishermeu in the
peaceable use of any part of the said coast in their occu-
pancy for the same purpose.
" It is understood that the above-mentioned liberty ap-
plies solely to the sea fishery, and thatthesahnon and shad
fisheries, and all fisheries in rivers and mouths of rivers,
are hereby reserved exclusively for British fishermen."
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Pike] argued
that the treaty had heen a " business failure."
But it brought to a settlement all the controverted
questions which until then had troubled the two
Governments, which had excited our people,
which had occasioned collision upon the waters,
and which had brought the two Governments
within sight of war.
If this treaty shall not be revised—and I as-
sume that if Great Britain does not indicate her
desire for a revision it will be abrogated—and
put it into shape satisfactory to us all, we shall
have to meet again the same questions; and then
my friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] and
my friend from Maine, [Mr. Pike,] and those
gentlemen here who are in favor of abrogating
the treaty, will be as ready as any of us to-stanu
up for the rights of American citizens—rights
which we have had secuied since 1783—for it will
then become a question in which the pride and
patriotism of the gentlemen, as Americans, will
be enlisted.
The gentleman from Maine says if the fisher-
men violate the treaty of 1818 they must take the
consequences. But it is not they alone that have
to boar t!« consequences. 4 It is the nation! And
1 do not desire, unless it shall be necessary, to
have renewed discussions of questions under the
treaty of 1818, upon which we cannot agree,and
which must lead to collision or to a new treaty.
If they violate the treaty of 1818 let them suffer,
the gentleman argues. But they never admitted
that they violated it. That was the question.
They claimed they had a right to fish where they
were seized; and our Government, in many cases,
upheld them; aiftl the question was one of fact
and of construction.
The question was, where was the line? The
only way to ascertain the point, as gentlemen
will see, would be to drop a buoy at the precise
spot where the seizure was made, and carry a line
from that to the nearest headland in order to as-
certain whether it was three miles or more from
land. The question, in fact, was whether they
were fishing where they had a righttofish. Upon
that point, all those who were interested upon
our side would testify in one way, while upon
the other side it would be contended that they
were fishing inside of the proper line. The ques-
tion of fact would have to be settled, and then
the question of law would have to be settled as
to the construction of the treaty of 1818.
At one time it was supposed the Government
had abandoned the ground we took upon that
treaty in its earliest years. But I apprehend that
will not be found to be the case, and that both
the fact and the law will come in question again.
I say these rights cannot be sunendered, and
those questions cannot be determined between
the two Governments except by a renewed treaty
or by war.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether during the whole time the treaty was in
operation, from 1818 to 1854, there were not nu-
merous seizures made, beginning as early as 1823,
and whether there is any more likelihood of war
hereafter from that source than there was during
that period of thirty years ?
Mr. ELIOT. There were seizures made, and
if the gentleman had listened to my remarks he
would have heard me speak of seizures between
1818 and 1854. If the same questions are to be
passed upon we shall be juat so much nearer
