1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
as breathe upon the continent of America; not
professed Union men, but Union men who have
been tried by the fires of persecution, Union men
who lmvu come out of this rebellion with unspotted
garments, without the smell of treason upon them,
Union men who have been robbed and plundered,
who have been imprisoned, Union men who have
been hunted with hell-hound ferocity by the rebels
in arms against this Government, and who seem
to have an apologist upon this floor to-day in the
person of the gentleman from Illinois.
In reference to my election he must have known,
because he lives in an adjoining district, how it
was conducted. He knows that in January, 1862,
the rebel sympathizes in that congressional dis-
trict went to the ballot-box, voted and sent a
member to leprcsent that district in the so-called
southern confederacy at Richmond. That was
in January, 1862. The Union men took no part
in that election, which they regarded as treason-
able. They regarded it as a violation of the law
and precedent. In 1863, when the election came
on in that congressional district to send a Repre-
sentative to the Congress of the United States,
those men who had gone to the ballot-box in J862
went to vote to send a rebel and traitor to the Con-
gress of the United States, but they were prevent-
ed from voting, and therefore the Union men there
have secured the indignation of the gentleman
from Illinois. They were denounced simply be-
cause those rebels and traitors were not permitted
to go to the ballot-box side by side with the Union
men.
The gentleman from Illinois has the audacity
to stand up in the Congress of the United States
and say that I have been appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States. Mr. Chairman, I will
inform the gentleman from Illinois and the world
that the election as conducted in my congiessional
district has been decided by.the supremo court of
the State of Kentucky to have been in accordance
with the constitution and laws of that State. At
the last August election in that district the Union
man run for the office of county clerk was op-
posed by a rebel sympathizer, a man with the
oath upon his conscience and treason in hisheait
and peijury upon his soul. The unconditional
Union man was elected, but a traitorous county
judi^e refused to qualify him and appointed an-
other man in the place of this man who was leg-
ularly elected. Suit was brought, and the judge
decided that the Union man was not elected. He
took the case up to the higher court, and on the
25th of last month, while the gentleman from Il-
linois was howling iiis denunciations, that court
decided that the Union man was entitled to the
office.
One wmd further. The gentleman from Illi-
nois pretends to be the fuend ot Union men m the
border States. He makes the declaiation that he
is an unconditional Union man. If it had not
been foi that declaration, made over and over again
by the gentleman in his speech, I would have
thought that it was one made in the so-called cok-
fedeiate congress at Richmond. [Laughter.] He
den nu n res the proclamation of the Pi esident of the
United States of 8th December last, as applicable
to the Union men. Do you find any Union men
in the border States denouncing the President of
the United States for that proclamation ? No, sir.
But not satisfied with denouncing Union men in
my district, he goes fuither, and denounces men
like Andrew Johnson, Biownlow, and Maynard,
of Tennessee, and Hamilton, of Texas. Why,
sir, they stand in patiiotism and in loyalty as far
above the gentleman from Illinois as heaven is
above hell. [Laughter] Andrew Johnson needs
no defense ftom me; Maynard and Biownlow
need none; Hamilton needs none. Tlieir acts
will li\e in the memory of the Ameiican people
when the gentleman's name will go down to pus-
tciity " unwept, unhonored, and unsung."
There are other things I should like to irply to,
if the committee will peimit me. [Ciies from the
Republican side of the House of "Go on! Go
on!"]
Mr. Chairman, from the commencement to the
end of the gentleman's speech there is nothing hut
denunciation after denunciation poured upon the
men who are to-day controlling the destinies of
this Government. He says the President has
raised an army by fiaud, that he has obtained
Boldiers under the false pretense that lliey weie
lo crush the lebillion and to niamtjin the (VnMi-
tution and the laws. He asserts that the Presi-
dent and the Congress of the United States have
changed the character of the war, and that they are
now end'javonng to subveit the liberties of the
Amei ican people. Why, docs not the gentleman
know that in his own State the very men upon
whom he says that fraud has been practiced, that
these old veteran regiments are again enlisting in
this war? These men who, he says, were de-
frauded in their first enlistments are reenlisting—
twenty-five regiments from Illinois in one day.
Those men who have borne the heat and burdens
of the conflict with armed rebels and traitors were
again enlisting when the gentleman from Illinois
was talking about the great Democratic party.
[Laughter.] They are reenlisting East, West,
North,and South; and I tell thegentleman that the
American people can crush this rebellion of armed
traitois, and when these soldiers return it may be
they intend to crush out the disloyal men who
have been vilifying them when they were fighting
the battles of the Republic.
The gentleman says that there are one hundred
thousand traitors in the North,and that there are
many of them in this House, if that be the fact,
why does he not move to expel them? Now, to
show that the gentleman is not acting in good faith,
let Hie say that thegentleman from Kentucky,from
the Covington district, [Mr. Smith,] offered a res-
olution m this House since the commencement of
this session in which it was declared that there
were hut two parties in this country, patriots and
traitors, and the gentleman from Illinois voted on
that resolution in the negative. Why did the gen-
tleman vote against that resolution when he had
justbefore made the declaration in this House that
the House was filled with men who are as base
traitois as Jefferson Davis? To what is his vote
attributable ? Simply to the fact that the gentle-
man knew that the resolution struck him as one
of the parties to which it referred.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman to say that his colleague introduced a res-
olution into this House, declaiing that there were
but two parties in this House, patriots and trai-a
tors, and that I voted against it?
Mr. ANDERSON, i said that such was my
recollection.
Mr. W.J.ALLEN. Yourrecollection issadly
at fault. *
Mr. ANDERSON. Then I stand corrected.
One oilier thing 1 have to say. But before that,
let me ask the gentleman if he. voted for that reso-
lution.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I do not know what you
are refeinng to.
Mr. ANDERSON. To the lesolntion offeied
by the gentleman from Kentucky, fiom the Cov-
ington distnct, on the 17th of December last. 1
find on i efu i mg to the Globe of that date that Mr.
Smith introdiued the following resolutions:
<• Resolved. That a*? our eountiy and tiie voiy existence
of the Government evct in^titiit< d h> men, an- impel-
led In the most causeless and wicked leheilnm tli.it the
wothf h,t< .-cen, and belie vma. a4- we do, that the oniv hope
of living tl i-> eomitt \ and pi cm i viusr tin - Government i~-l>\
the power ot the -word, we are (<u themoM vmoiou* prose-
cution ot' the wai until the ('on^timtion and law- shall lie
entoiced and obeyed m all pans ot the United Staler; and
to that end we oppose ativ aimiMiee, oi intei vention, oi me-
diation, ot piopo-vition lot peace, iroin any quarter, -o ioyj;
a? then: >hall he toitnd a lehel in aim> a&uin-t the Govern-
ment ; and v. e i^noie .ill part* name-Jim -5, and i.~ue-,and
jeeosimze hut two pame- in flu- wai. pairioNand ttailors
'' Rcsoh c<K That we hold it tube the duty ot Ongies* to
pa-s. all n'-ees-aiy bil!> to -upplj men and money, and ibe
duty ol the people to i- nder every aid m then powei to the
constituted authouues of the Government in the eru-lmisf
out of the lehelhoji, and m btin^in^ the leader thereot to
condurn punishment.
><Rcoi>Cil That out thanks ate tendet ed to our soldier*
in the iicld toi their caJIantiy in delending and upholding
the U.u  ot tiie [Tnmiu and defending the gieat principles
dear to evii\ Ameiiean patnot."
! And among the negative votes un that resolu-
! tion I find the namc"of the gentleman from the
: State of Illinois, [Mr. W. JTAllent.] What 1
1 stated bcfoie was upon information; and now I
! slate it hom the record. On the 17th of Decem-
ber, 1SG3, the gentleman votes, under the sanc-
! tion of an oatli", that the parties are not divided
i m this war into patriots and traitois.
1 Again, in aspeech made on the 26th day of Jan-
i uary last, the gentleman said that tins House was
filled with traitors, and yet the £om!eman\s act
! and conduct do not em u^prmd w 11h that declara-
tion. L-'iu tiie) , the genii* man naid:
j ,-i:'dl. 1 w h'  v ilium "(• d !oi the ~ule plii po-c ot'
putting down rebellion and vindicating the Jaw are often
lorced to march among the women and children of the
South, who arc too often insulted and plundered by the bad
spirit and pilla«m« propensity which seems to enter so large-
ly into the policy upon winch thwwaris to be conducted;
and they who unpauenly listened for tjie aire and anthems
winch once told of union and nationality, often hoar only
from negro soldiers doggerel praises of John Brown and his
muiderous crew. The uniform which Is the badge of a
gentleman and the ensign of honor is worn now by de-
praved negroes whose instincts arc almost as low and bru-
tal as those at whose instance the profession of arms lias
been disgraced."
The gentleman charges that the armies of this
Government are sent South for the purpose of pil-
laging and robbing the women and children.
The gentleman further says in his speech:
" Jefferson Davisand hisadherents who soughtto destroy
the Union by dismemberment are traitors to the Constitu-
tion ; but they were bold enough to avow their purposes, to
appeal to the sword, and lisk the dreadful consequences of
their crimes. Their followers may have been wicked or
mis-guided, but thev have made the issue boldly, and have so
tar inet the consequences like brave and feaiiess men."
Yes, the followers of Jeff. Davis and his crew
may have been wicked, in the gentleman's estima-
tion, but the soldiers of the United States Gov-
ernment are robbers; but the former "made the
issue boldly, and have so far met the consequences
like brave and fearless men."
Nobody knew better than the gentleman from
Illinois that the soldiers of Jeff. Davis, as they are
called, the men in armed rebellion against thi?
Government, not more than one month before the
assembling of this Congress, invaded that portion
of Kentucky adjoining his district. The gentle-
man must have known that fact. He knew that
they robbed and plundered by wholesale almost
every Union man in thatdistrict. He knew that
they destroyed the railroad leading from Paducah
to Mayfield. He knew that they fired into a train
of cars as it was running, filled with innocent
women and children. Yet no denunciation falls
from his patriotic lips against those men; but the.
soldiers of this Republic, the men who have bared
their bosoms to the thickest of the fight, and car-
ried the flag of the Union down into the rebel
States, he denounces as robbers and thieves. He
says nothing against Jeff. Davis and his thieving
gang, who arc no less than murderers and robbers.
1 said 1 was unacquainted with the gentleman
from Illinois. I never have been introduced to
him; but from reading his speech, if the declara-
tion were not in it that he was an unconditional
Union man 1 would not believe he was a Union
man. I should take him to be one of those men
who live in my country—Union men, but consti-
tutional Union men. They are Union men, but
they would not violate the Constitution by the
further prosecution of this war.
I will ask the gentleman one question, if hehas
no objection. 1 see in the proceedings of a meet-
ing held bythisgrcat Democratic party at Spring-
field , Illinois, on the 17th of June last, the follow-
ing resolution was passed:
" Rcwlrcd, Tii.it the further offensive prosecution ©f the
war tend* to subvert the Constitution and Government, and
entail npon the nation al! the disastrous consequences of
mi-rule and anarchy; that we ate in favor of peace upon
the ba-is ot the relation of the Union, and lor the accom-
plishment of which we ptoposc a national convention to
settle upon teini-5 of peace, which shall have in view the
restoration of the Union as it was, and securingbyconsti-
tutional annulments sueh rights to tiie i-eveial States and
the people iheteof as honor and justice demand."
I ask the gentleman whether he voted to adopt
that resolution ? [A pause.] Oh, come now, do
not he bashful. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Doesthegcntleman from
Kentucky yield to thegentleman from Illinois?
Mr. ANDERSON. I do, sir; I want him to
answer the question.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I decline to answer it
now.
Mr. ANDERSON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois is caSlcd, but there is no iespouse.
Now, Mr. Chairman, there is no question but
that there aie two parties in this country: the men
who are for crushing tfis rebellion by the strong
&i m of the Fedeial Government and who are will-
ing to bring all the power of the Government to
bear upon this rebellion, and the men who'are op-
posed to that. Thegentleman from Illinois re-
fuses to respond to ^thc inquiry whether he in-
dorses a resolution adopted at one of his great
Democratic meetings in 18G3; he refuses to say
whether he does or does not. Sir, I repeat theie
are tsvo parties in this country: the men who are
lot tin.-; Government and those who arc against it.
