1504
THE C(M€-RESSI01ntAL GLOBE.
April 8.
comeback. Call the victorious legions back over
the battle-fields of blood, forever now disgraced.
Call them back over the territory which they have
conquered. Call them back, and letthe minions
of secession chase them with derision and jeers
as they come. And then tell them that that man
across the aisle, from the free State of Ohio, gave
birth to the monstrous proposition.
Mr. Chairman, if such a word should be sent
forth through the armies of the Union, the wave
of terrible vengeance that would sweep back over
this land could never find a parallel in the records
of history. Almost in the moment of final victory
the ** recall" is sounded by a craven people not
deserving freedom! We ought every man to be
made a slave should we sanction such a senti-
ment.
The gentleman has told us there is no such
thing as coercion justifiable under the Constitu-
tion. X ask him for one moment to reflect, that
no statute ever was enforced without coercion.
It is the basis of every law in the universe—God's
law as well as man's. A law is no law without
coercion behind it. When a man has murdered
his brother, coercion takes the murderer, tries
him, and hangs him. When you levy your taxes
coercion securcs their collection; it follows the
shadow of the thief and brings him to justice; it
accompanies your diplomacy to foreign courts,
and backs the declaration of the nation's rights
by a pledge of the nation's power. But when
the life of that nation is imperiled we are told
that it has no coercive power against the parri-
cides in its own bosom) Again, he tells us that
oaths taken under the amnesty proclamation are
good for nothing. The oath of Galileo, he says,
was not binding upon him. I am reminded of an-
other oath that was taken; but perhaps it too was
an oath on the lips alone to which the heart made
no response.
I remember to have stood in a line of nineteen
men from Ohio on that carpet yonder on the first
day of the session, and I remember that with up-
lifted hands before Almighty God those nineteen
took an oath to support and maintain the Consti-
tution of the United States. And I remember
that another oath was passed around and each
member signed ilas provided by law, utterly re-
pudiating the rebellion and its pretenses Does
the gentleman not blush to speak of Galileo's
oath? Was not his own its counterpart?
He says the Union can never be restored be-
cause of the terrible hatred engendered by the war.
To prove it he quotes what some southern man
said a few years ago, that he knew no hatred be-
tween peoples in the world like that between the
North and the youth. And yet that North and
South have bcenone nation foreighty-cightyears!
Have we seen in this contest anything more
bitter than the wars of the Scottish border? Have
we seen anything bitterer than those terrible feuds
in the days of Edward when England and Scot-
land were the deadliest foes on earth ? And yet
for centuries those countries have been cemented
in an indissoluble union that has made the British
nation one of the proudest of the earth!
I said alittle while ago that I accepted the prop-
osition of the gentleman that the rebels had the
right of revolution; and the decisive issue between
us and the rebellion is, whether fhey shall revo-
lutionize and destroy, or we shall subdue and pre-
serve. We take the latter ground. We take the
common weapons of war to meet them; and if
these be notsufiftient, I would take any element
which will overwhelm and destroy; I would sac-
rifice the dearest and best beloved; I would take
all the old sanctions of law and the Constitution
and fling them to the winds, if necessary, rather
than let the nation be broken in pieces and its
peopledestroyed with endlessruin.
What is the Constitution that these gentlemen
are perpetually flinging in our faces whenever we
desite to strike hard blows against the rebellion?
It is the production of the American people. They
made it, and the creatoris mightier than the creat-
ure. The power which made the Constitution
can also make other instruments to do its great
work in the day of its dire necessity.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. I want to know if he did not
just say that with nineteen others hestepped for-
ward to the Speaker's desk and swore to support
the Constitution ?
Mr.GARFIELD. I did; and 1 am very happy
the gentleman has reminded me of it at thistime;
and I remember m the very preamble of that Con-
stitution it is declared to be ordained for the pur-
pose of promoting the general welfare and pro-
viding for the common defense; and on that very
ground, based on that very statement of its de-
clared object, I not only lifted up my hand to
awear to support that Constitution before God,
but it makes me now sorry there had not been a
sword in it when I lifted it up, to strike down
any and all who would oppose the use of all the
means God has placed in our power for over-
throwing the rebellion forever.
I am reminded here of a fact which I had
well-nigh forgotten. Last summer I remember
a Union spy came to our camp bringing two let-
ters addressed to "Major General John C. Breck-
inridge, C. S. A." They were letters ofintroduc-
tion stating that the bearer desired to obtain a
commission in the rebel army, and commending
him as a gallant and reliable man whom Breck-
inridge could trust. .One of these letters was
signed by a man who lately held a seat in this
House! [Cries of* Name himfrom the Demo-
cratic side of the House.]
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 will produce the letter in
due time. It is not here with me. The other let*
ter was from an associate of his, prominent in the
local Democratic politics of the State of Indiana,
I am responsible for producing those letters.
[Cries of "Name!"]
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope the gentleman will give
the names now.
Mr. GARFIELD. When I produce the let-
ters any further testimony that may be called for
can be had at my hands.
Mr. Chairman, let me mention another class of
facts in this same connection. We were com-
pelled last year to send our secret service men to
ierret out the insidious woikof that organization
known as the "Knights of the Golden Circle,"
which was attempting to corrupt the Army and
destroy us efficiency; and it was found that by
the most subtle and secret means the signs and
passwords of that order were being made known
to such men in the Army us were disaffected^ or
could be corrupted. Witness also the riots and
murders which their agents are committing
throughout the loyal North, under the lead and
guidance of the party whose Reptesentauves sit
yonder across the aisle; and now, just as the time
is coming on when we are to selecta President for
the next four years, one rises among them and
fires the beacon, throws up the blue-light which
will be seen and rejoiced over at the rebel capital
in Richmond us the signal that the traitorsm our
camp are organized and ready for their hellish
woik. I believe the utterance of to-day is the
uplifted banner of revolt. I ask you to maik the
signal that blazes here, and see if there will not
soon appear the answering signals of traitors all
tfver the land. If I am wiong in this prediction
1 shall be thankful, but I am only too fearful of
its Uuth.
Let me say in conclusion, if these men do mean
to light the torch of war in all our homes; if they
have resolved to begin the fearful work which
will redden our streets and this Capitol with blood,
the American people should know it at once and
prepare to meet it.
Mr. LONG. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire but a
very few minutes to reply to my colleague who has
seen proper to call m question very senously what
I have said this afternoon. I stated, sir, vei y dis-
tinctly when I commenced that I spoke for my-
self, and that I alone would be responsible for
what I said. I am well aware of all that I did
say. I have said it deliberately. I have said it
because my conscience told me it was right and
my judgmentapproved it, 1 have stud it because
when I walked down with my colleague to the
front of that desk to take the oath lequired of mc
in becoming a member of this House, I held up
my hand, as he laised his, before Heaven and
took upon myself a solemn oath to support the
Constitution of the United States; and so help me
God, fearless of all the charges that can be made
against me by that gentleman or any other, or by
all the minions of power in the land, I never will
violate that oath, orshrink from the responsibility
which i then assumed.
I have never, sir, belonged to a party which
took that oath with a mental reset vat ion. I never
took the oath with a determination not to obey
a part of the laws of the land. I remember the
districtofcountry from which my colleague hpiis,
the conventions that have been held there, and
the forcible resistance to the enforcement of the
law that have been made there. I remember when
the party now in power undertook to set aside a
solemn act of Congress and appealed to the su-
preme court of our State to override the Consti-
tution of the United States. Sir, I have never
been guilty of that crime. I have never, I repeat,
belonged to a party that lakes this oath with a
mental reservation. It seems to me that if my
colleague had desired to stand right before the
House and before the country, before he assumed
the responsibility of charging me individually
with being disloyal, he should have remembered
the authorities that 1 brought before the House,
and when he branded me as disloyal would have
recollected that the leaders of his own party and
the organs of his own party, from the New York
tribune down to the Columbus Journal of the
State m which he and I live, have advocated the
doctrines that I have promulgated here to-day,
and that the Secretary of the Treasury, hailing
from our State too, advocates this identical doc-
trine.
Then, sir, if that be treason, all these men are
traitors. I preferred to get my authority from
the party to which my colleague belongs when
I put myself before the House and country as I
have done to-day. I then say, " if that be trea-
son, make the most of it—make the most of it."
1 have brought here the authorities. In my judg-
ment they are correct and sound. I have not,
perhaps, had theoppoitunitiesof some othergen-
tlemen on this floor, but my earliest inspirations
were those of love and admiration for my coun-
try, and for the distinguished statesmen who have
adorned the pages of her history. I have not
been an unconcerned spectator of what has taken
place. When I read the eloquent appeals of Clay
and Webster, when I read the eloquent oration of
John Quincy Adams, when I rend the report
which 1 have produced to-day of Thomas H.Ben-
ton, Martin Van Buren,and WilliamH.Harrison,
when 1 referred, us I have, to what the Secretary
of State said three days before the Sunday when
the pioclamation for seventy-five thousand men
was issued, and to what Edward Everett said be-
fore coercion had comijfenced, when I referred to
what was said by a Senator from Ohio [B. P.
Wade] and the present occupant of the presi-
dential chair, when I referred to all these, I knew
that they were all leaders of the party to which
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber be-
long. Then, sir, if I am a traitor, equally so are
they I All that 1 ask is that 1 may be credited
with honesty and sincerity of convictions, and
for independence in declaring them in this House
and before the country. I am willing to abide
the consequences and take the responsibility.
Now, sir, as to the charge in respect to Knights
of the Golden Circle, I have no knowledge of any
such thing. So help me God I never had, and
with God's help I never will have—never I lam
a member of no political seciet organization. 1
have never been a member of any except one
which was known as the Miami tribe in the-county
where 1 live. I defy the world to point to a single
instance in nfy life where i have ever had any
connection with or any knowledge of any other
secret political organization. So much for the
gentleman's charge against me on that score.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I did not
charge the gentleman as belonging to the Knights
of the Golden Circle. If I were so understood
1 here distinctly disavow any such intention. 1
think 1 did not say so. I only said that such an
organization existed; and I regarded it as under
the protection and direction of the Democratic
party.
Mr. LONG. Such an organization may exist
for aught I know, but I have no knowledge of it,
and no communication with it. I do not know
that any such organization exists; 1 trust in God
that it has no existence. I carry no banner; 1
sound no key-note; I speak for no party. I know
that 1 utter sentiments which those on this side
of the House disapprove; but 1 say what I be-
lieve to be true, and what my judgment dictates
to be right. 1 have said it because it meets the
approval of my own judgment. I stand upon it.
1 believe there is no power under the Constitution
to coerce sovereign States in the Union. Follow-
