THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL- PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, JULY 2, 1864.
NEW SEMES.....NO. 217.
the Senator from Rhode Island moves to postpone
it until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had insisted upon its
amendment to the bill of the Senate (No. 246) for
the relief of seamen and others, notofficers, borne
on the books of vessels wrecked or lost in the
naval service, disagreed to by the Senate, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Alex-
ander H. Rice of Massachusetts, Mr. William
D. Kelley of Pennsylvania, and Mr. John A.
Griswold of New York, managers at the same
on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
549) further to regulate and provide for the en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes, asked a conference on the disa-
greeing vutes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. James A.Garfield of Ohio, Mr.
Nathaniel B. Smiti-iers of Delaware, and Mr.
Francis KaRNANofNew York, managers at the
same on its part.
RECONSTRUCTION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 244) to guaranty to
certain States whose governments have been
usurped or overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment, the pending question being upon the
amendment of Mr. Brown.
Mr. CARL1LE. Mr. President, the Senate
will bear in mind that the bill now under consid-
eration, in those provisions to which I have al-
ready invited the attention of the body, is not
and cannot be claimed to be a war measure. 1
think it important that this fact shall be kept in
view in order to confine the discussion, if we can,
• to those propositions and considerations that nat-
urally arise upon these particular provisions of
the bill. Indeed, its title would indicate that its
authors did not predicate any claims for support
upon any such ground. It is not claimed tliat
the bill is to aid the Government of the United
States in the existing struggle. It is not pre-
tended that it will contribute in the slightest de-
gree to the success of our arms and the assertion
of Federal authority within the States named;
but it is, as I have before remarked, purely a rev-
olutionary measure, and just as much as our
power is greater than the power of the rebellion,
to that extent does it more successfully accom-
plish the same end which the rebellion was inau-
gurated to accomplish, to wit, the overthrow of
the State governments.
Now, sir, it is n fact familiar to every one at
all acquainted wall our history, that this Govern-
ment, the Government of the United States, in
the name of which it is sought to perpetrate tliis
injustice upon the States, emanated itself Irom
the States. The States existed prior to the Govern-
ment of the United States. The Government of
the United States is the creature of the States,
emanating directly from them, and the greatest
good expected to be accomplished by the States
in the formation of this Government wjs to pro-
tect them in the enjoyment and possession of
their own rights of self-government within their
respective limits. That was the chief object for
the formation of the Government. Then how
can it be supposed that this government, ema-
nating, as I have said before, from the States,
can send down to the States a governor for them
and prescribe for them their form of government'
This assumption of power alone, if there were
no other considerations involved in the measure,
is sufficient, it seems to me, to stamp the absurd-
ity of the proposition.
But, sir, it goes further. It is a declaration to
these States that they are never to be received
into the Union, that all the benefits of the Union
217
which they aided in creating and forming are to
be denied them, their State governments are per-
mitted to be overthrown, the only question being
whether they shall be overthrown by traitors in
arms or whether they shall be overthrown by a
Government of their own creation which^ they
formed for the purpose of protecting them in the
enjoyment of tneir own State governments and
the right of self-government. Thus, sir, it de-
clares to the people of these States, that are ad-
mitted t'o be States by the chairman of the com-
mittee that reported the bill and who advocated
it to-day; it says to them in the form of law and
to the extent that this Congress has the power
to commit the loyalpeopleof theadheringStates,
commits the loyal people of the United Slates to
the declaration that the States now in the power
of those who inaugurated this rebellion are never
to enjoy Federal rights without a surrender of their
local sovereignty.
It does more, Mr. President; it is a declaration
as plain as you can make it to the people of this
country and to the civilizcd world that, so far as
the powers of the Government of the United States
can be wielded by those to whom its administra-
tion is at the present time intrusted, the Union
that the Constitution formed shall never again be
enjoyed by the people. It is a declaration that
the effort for the restoration of the Union is to be
abandoned, that the time has now arrived when
it becomes us to give up the u old Union," as
some gentlemen have styled it, and to enter upon
the new work of icconstruction. If that be so, how
can you attempt to maintain your consistency,
by the military power of thisGovernment to com-
pel a minority of the States of the Union contain-
ing a minority of the population of the Union to
submit to the reconstruction of the Union? To
do this we must discard all'the obligations of the
Constitution. It cannot be disguised that such
will be the effect of this bill.
I wish to say heie to Senators before I go further,
that m discussing tins bill as it presents itself to
me, 1 impute to no Senator improper motives. It
is not my business. I merely speak of what will
be the result of the propositions which they ad-
vocate. i concede all the patiiotism to every
Senator on this floor that I would claim for myself;
but experience has taught us that men often forget
that they have a country to serve as well as a party
to obey, and I think it is a justifiable opinion to
hold, that in times ofhigh party excitement gen-
tlemen will do what in their cultnor moments they
might not do. Partisan feeling sometimes drives
from the bosom patriotism and love of country.
And, sir, in that same spirit to which I have le-
ferred, I can and must, with the views which I
entertain, find the solution of the advocacy of this
proposition in pai tisan feeling and partisan feeling
alone. I am sure but for the influence which it
exercises over Senators no such power in the Gov-
ernment of the United States would over be damn d
or attempted to beasseited. A moasuie, then,
that is not to have effect until after the rebellion
shall be suppressed, that deprives the people of
the States of the Union of the right of self-gov-
ci nment which the Union was formed to maintain
and to preserve, surely would not be advocated by
any Senator as within the powers confided to the
Congress of the United States by the Constitution,
if there were not something that blinded hisjudg-
ment.
That I am warranted in saying that it is the
determination of thepaity in power that the Union
shall not be restored I think will be readily ad-
mitted by cvei y Senator when 1 call to Ins atten-
tion a letter which is familiar toall, written by the
gentleman who recently was the head of your
Treasury Department during the peace confer-
ence in tins city. When nvn were anxiously
and earnestly engaged in endeavoring to bring
about a peaceful solution of the diffieulnes which
then threatened the country he quietly and delib-
erately sits down in this city and writes to a friend
in Portsmouth, Ohio, expressing his tears that a
peaceful solution of the difficulty would be had,
expressing his sympathy with gentlemen whom he
named of the border States, who had just left his
room, and expressing also his opposition to afay
settlement because he could not see why the party
with whom he acted should be called upon to sur-
render permanently a large power for the tempora-
ry possession of a little power. There isajiu has
been for more than a quarter of a century a party
in this country organized for the purpose of de-
stroyingtheUnion oftheConstitution, who hated
the Union because that Union protected eacli
State in the right of self-government, the right to
regulate for itself its own domestic institutions,
the right to all governmental power save and ex-
cept what each State in common with the others
had delegated to this Government. Because of
the fact that the Constitution so provided, they
organized themselves together as a party for the
purpose of destroying the Union of the Constitu-
tion; and I desire in support of this view to call
the attention of the Senate to a letter written in
February, 1861, by one who occupied a seat on
this floor and who is now acknowledged by all to
have been as sincere a patriot and as loyal to his
country as any man now living. I allude to the
late Senator Douglas. In a letter to a friend in
Tennessee, dated February 2, 18GI, he said:
"You must remember that there aredisunionists among
the paity leaders at the North as well as at the South—
men whose hostility to slavery it? stronger than their fidel-
ity to the Constitution, and who believe that the disrup-
tion ot the Union would draw alter it, as an inevitable con-
sequence, civil war, servile msuriection, and, finally, the
utter extermination of sUveiy in all the southern States.
They are bold, daring, deteimmed men; and believing,
a  they do, that the Constitution of the United States U the
great bulwark of slavery on this comment, and that the
diMtiption ofthe Anieucan Union involves the inevitable
destruction of slaveiy, and is an indispensable necessity
to the attainment of that end. they aic determined to ac-
complish their paianmunt object by any means within
their power. For the.se icasons the noi them disuniomsts,
like the disuruonisls ofthe South, arc violently opposed to
all compromises or constitutional amendments or efforts
at conciliation whereby peace should be restored and the
Union preserved. They are striving to break up the Union
under the pretense ot' unbounded devotion to it; they nr 
stiugghng to overthrow the Constitution, while professing
undying attachment to it and a willingness to make any
saenficc to maintain it; they are trying to plunge thecoun-
tiyinto civil war, as the sincst means of destroying the
Union, upon the plea of ' enforcing the laws and protect-
in" the public property.' If they can defeat every kind of
adjustment or compiomis#  by which the points at issue
may be satisfactorily settled, and keep up the irritation,so
as to induce the bolder States to follow tile cotton States,
they will fool certain of the accomplishment ot their ulti-
mate design-. Nothing will giatify them so much, or contrib-
ute so effectually to theii succe^, as the secession of Ten-
I new.ee and theboidei States. Every State that wtthdiaws
! from the Union increases the relative power ot northern
i ubohtioni-ts to dtioat a satisfactory adjustment, and to
i bunion a war, which sooner or later must end in final
I sepiiiauon and iccogmtion ofthe independence ofthe two
j contending M'etions."
But, Mr. Piesident, we have later proof that
such is the determination of those to whom for
the time being the destinies of this country are
intrusted. Not many days ago the party m power
held a convention in Baltimore. That conven-
tion was called to order by a Senator upon this
floor, the Senator from New York, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] and in calling that body to order he made
to them this speech:
Members of the convention, it is a little more than eight
years since it w,i- te-olved to form a national party to bo
conducted upon the principles and policy which had been
established and maintained by those illustrious statesmen
Geoige Washington and Thomas Jeffeiaou. A convention
was hold m Philadelphia, under the shade of the tiees that
suuoiuid the Hall oflndependence ; and candidate"—Fre-
mont and Oavton—were chosen to uphold our cause. But
the State oi Pennsylvania gave its electoral vote to James
Buchanan, and the el-iction of 185G was lost.
•' Nothing daunted by defeat, it was immediately determ-
ined • to light on this line.' not only ' al! summer,' but four
sumrneir* and lour wmteis; and in 1800 the party banner
wa< attain unfuiled with the names of AUaham Lincoln
and llanmlul H.nnhn inscribed theteon. This time it was
sueee&Mul, hut Willi sueee&f came iebelhon, and with re -
belhon ot eoui«.e came war; and war, tenibJe civil war
has oontinned with vatymg s.uocfs-? up to nearly the period
when it is neee.^arv under oui Coit-niluuon topropaie tor
anothei presidential election. It infortbis highly refcpf>i>s~
ible purpose that \ou aie to day assembled. It is not my
duty nui my purpose to indicate any geneia! course or ac-
tion for this convention; but I trust I may be permitted to
Bay that, in view oi' the dread realities ot the past and ot
what is passing at this moment, and of the fact that the
bones of out soldiers lie bleaching in uvery State of tUU
