1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
caHcd confederacy bow in arras against the Union; and
whereas the said so-called confederacy, thus sought to be
recognized and established on the ruins of a dissolved 01
destroyed Union, has as its chicf officers, civil and military,
those who have added perjury to their treason. and who
seek to obtain success for their pruricldal efforts by the kill-
ing of the loyal soldiers of tin*, nation who are seeking to
gave it from destruction; and whereas the oath required
of all members, and taken by the said AlexanderLono on
the first day of the present Congress, declares that I have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counscl, or encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the Uni-
ted States," thereby declaring that such conduct is regarded
as inconsistent with membership in the Congress of the
United States: Therefore,
Resolved, That Alexander Long, a Representative from
the second district of Ohio, having, on the 8th of Aprd, 1864,
declared himself in favor of recognizing the independence
and nationality of the so-called confederacy now in arms
against the Union, and thereby given aid, countcnance,
and encomagement to persons engaged m armed hostility
to the United States," is heieby expelled.
Mr. Speaker, before presenting- this resolution
I reflected, as it was my duty to do, seriously on
the obligations under wit ich, in conseque uce of m y
position, I feel I am placed. 1 recognize that
there is a double duty incumbent on nic; tirst to
the House of Representatives whose kindness has
placed me in its principal chair, to administer the
duties of that chair and the rules of the House
faithfully and impartially to the best of my ability
and judgment. That, lean say sincerely and con-
scientiously, I have endeavored to do, and shall
so endeavor until this Congress expires by its con-
stitutional limitation. But I feel that I owe still
another duty to the people of the ninth congres-
sional district of Indiana, who sent me here as
their Representative to speak and act and vote
in their stead. It is in conformity with this latter
duty to those who cannot speak hou* for them-
selves and who, I believe, would indoiso the sen-
timent of this resolution, that I have felt it my
duty to rise in my place as a member of Congress
from the State of Indiana and offer this resolu-
tion.
1 need scarcely say to gentlemen on the other
side of the House, or to my own fellow-members
near me, or to that one particularly referred to
in this resolution, that itis prompted by no spirit
of personal unfriendliness toward him. My re-
lations with him peisonuliy have been eoidial
duringthe entire tune that we have occupied seals
as members. Nothing has marred those relations.
But I rise to offer this lesohuion in the perfoinu-
ance of a high public duty which 1 felt I could not
myself «hirk or evade. It is a duty I owe, not
only to those of my constituents who aie nt home,
but to the many thousands of them who are in
the tented fields meeting the armies of the con-
federacy in deadly conflict and exposing then-
lives for the safety ami perpetuity of this imper-
iled Union. Nay,more, sir, I owe it to the many
widowed and orphaned families in my distiict
whose natural protectors have been stricken down
by the bloody hand of treason, and lost to them
in this world forever.
I believe in the freedom of speech. I have not
heard anything on this floor during this Congress
that would have prompted me to offer this icso-
lution except the remarks made yesterday by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long.] lie declared
distinctly, in so many words, that lie was in favor
of the recognition of this so-called confederacy,
and recognition is the recognition of its independ-
ence and its nationality as one among the nations
of the earth. The flag of this confedeiacy was
thus boldly unfurled heie by agentleman who had
taken the oath at the opening of Congress—and
I have no doubt truthfully—that up to that time
he had not given any aid,countenances or encour-
agement to those who arc engaged in armed hos-
tility against the United States. Believing that
that oath shows that those who do thus give aid
and countenance and encouragement to those en-
gaged in armed hostility against the United States
are not worthy of membership here in a Congress
of the United States, 1 felt it my duty nt least to
ask the House of Representatives to pass their
judgment upon it.
I have offered this resolution not ns the result
of a consultation with any persons upon the floor
of this House, but upon my sole and entire re-
sponsibility; and I sav here deliberately and
solemnly that if what fell from the lips of thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Lokg] yesterday is to pass
unrebuked by this Houxe, then you have noright
to complain of any foieign Government on the
face of this earth tlmt recognizes the independ-
ence and nationality of this confederacy/which,
within your own walls, under your own flag, by
one associated with you in the Government of
this country, was publicly avowed as his prefer-
ence and his conviction.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] the col-
league of the gentleman [Mr. Long] named in
this resolution, I see claiming the floor opposite;
and I have this to say before I close my remarks,
which I shall not extend to much length, that if
any gentleman from the other side of the House
feels'it woyld be more proper for any of them,
having been in the same political affiliation with
the gentleman from Ohio, to show his disappro-
bation of these remarks by offering a resolu-
tion of this kind, I will gladly withdraw mine
and allow them to offer it. History, sir, with its
impartial pen will state hereafter, if not now, that
it would be more fitting and more appropriate they
should have done here (but what none have seen
fit to do) what I have thought my duty—offer
this i esolution. *
Nuw,sir,ifby the quietand tacit assent of this
House as a House of Representatives this senti-
ment is to go unquestioned by the Representatives
of the Untcd States of America here assembled,
then I say you should stop shooting your desert-
ers from the Army, for they have not turned their
backs upon the obligation which they have as-
sumed any more influentially by their leaving the
flag which they had bound themselves to sustain
than has agentleman who will rise m his place in
Congress and state that he is in favor of the men
who seek the destruction of this land, and the dis-
solution of the Union by recognizing them as one
of the nations of the earth. Nay, more. You
should call no more fcoldieiy into the fn-hl to en-
deavor by the peril of then lives to save this coun-
try, b< cause it is a solemn mockery to do if from
this Hall shall go forth words of encouragement
to strengthen those arrayed against them in an
unholy and prtirieidal woik. If we allow this to
pass hero unquestioned and mucbuked, how can
we deny to otheis abroad the right to recognize
the establishment of the so-called southern con-
federacy among the nations of the earth? Can
yon propose to go to war with any foreign natiun
who may do this and yet, by opposing this rcso-
: luiion, justify and indorse the open avowal of a
similar desire in this Hall?
Mr. Speaker, we have seen since this rebel-
lion opened the oiher branch ofthe Federal Con-
gress, at the opposite end ofthe Capitol, expelling
a Senator fioin my own State. What for? For
sending a leU< r of introduction by agentleman to
the reb( 1 chief who presides at Richmond. For
that letter of introduction, thus giving aid and
comfort to those in arnn d hostility to the United
Slates, the Senate of the United States expelled
him by a two-thii ds vote. 1 have nothing to say
in regard to the politics of my own State, but I
have this to say, that a Legislature sat afterwards
in my State of the same political views with the
expelled Senator, and they had the power to elect
two United Slates Senators, one for the long term
and another for the short term. A majority of
that Legislature, sir, recorded their votes of ap-
proval of the action of the Senate by refusing to
send—although they had the power—that Sena-
tor back to his seat in the United States Senate.
One or two years ago, perhaps less than one
year ago, Ohio was excited by the an est of a for-
mer member of Congiess for declaring in strong
language his hostility to a military order. His
friends went before the people in that State on
the issue ofthe injustice done him, and by a ma-
jority of one hundred thousand they d'eclared their
'approbation of that act of military authority, and
the highest court of judicature in our land, the
Supreme Court of the United States, refused the
other day-to reopen or review that judgment.
Mr. Speaker, I have but a word more to say,
when I will leave the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who seeks it. if this bold and
frank avowal, for bold and frank it was, by a
member of Congress representing a free district
in a loyal State, if this is to go unrebuked by this
House, I ask you how you are to close these
doors against those who are now sitting at Rich-
mond in the confederate congress, those who have
not been in arms against the United States but
have been sittiug m that congress giving aid and
comfort to the arms of the lebellion against the
United States? Their hands arc stained with no
brood, perhaps; they could come here with no
blood,as soldiers, upon their skirts; but they may
seek to come here, if this is-to bo the law of this
Congress, fresh from the conclave of this confed-
erate congress, saying to us, " We have done no
more at Richmond than has been done upon this
fefloor by the member from the second district of
Ohio in your presence, unrebuked upon the 5Uor
by Congress. '
But it is because of its effect abroad that I have
offered this resolution. If.there is any danger
threatening our imperiled Union after the vnlor
of our soldiers has caused the area of the rebel-
lion to become " small by degrees and beautifully
less," it is the recognition ofthe confederacy by
foreign nations. On a motion of the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] the other day, this
House by a unanimous vote, in which I believe
the gentleman from the second district of Ohio
participated, declared that we would not allow
any foreign country to planta nation on the pios-
trate ruins of a republic any where upon the Amer-
ican continent; and yet, sir, when we assent by
our silence to a proposition to recognize this con-
• federacy, we not only assent to the planting of a
foxeign nation upon the soil of this continent, but
one upon the soil of our own beloved Union.
Nay, more than that, when he has seen, when 1
have seen, when you luive seen, and every mem-
ber upon this floor has seen the emissaiics of this
rebel confederacy bowing the knee to every sov-
ereign in Europe, asking an alliance with them,
and saying in their confudei&te congress that they
would prefer allegiance to a foreign prince than to
remain part and parcel of this Union, do not we
know that when their independence is acknowl-
edged and recognized there will be an alliance, in
their weakness, to make them stronger, with any
foreign nation, power, or potentate that sees fit
to enter into treaties with them, and then upon
that soil, once belonging to the United States,
foreign armies will be landed and their fotces
joined to that of those traitors to invade oiu own
country and destroy our armies and even the lib-
erties of our people? You have no right to pass
resolutions like that offered by the gentleman tro-m
Maryland, warning foreign nations, if upon your
own floor and by your deliberate assent and vote
you declare and avow the sentiments uttered beie
yesterday by refusing to rebuke and condemn
them, i have now performed my duty, and leave
the rest to the House.
Mr. COX, I approach this matter wiih be-
coming seriousness. The extraordinary spectacle
is presented of our Speaker descending ftom the
chair to make a motion to expel one of the mem-
bers of this House for words spoken in debate.
The occasion calls for more than the usual gravity
of deliberation. I was not present when my col-
league [Mr. Long] made the remaiks whichhave
called out this resolution. I am told by members
around me that his remarks do not bear the in-
terpretation given to them by the speech and res-
olution ofthe honorable Speaker. Before a res-
olution of this startling rmtuie wasintroduced wo
should have had the official report of those re-
maiks m the Globe. If action be demanded for
the expulsion of a Representative of the people,
for the exercise of his constitutional right of free
debate, we should have the mostauthenuc record
of that debate. As I am informed, the language
of my colleague was so qualified as to make it
far less objectionable than the statement of it m
the resolution. Still, sir, it may be obnoxious,
and yet there may be no just ground for this pro~
ceedmg of expulsion.
Had I been in my seat yesterday, with all due
respect to'my colleague, 1 should have promptly
risen and disavowed, on behalf of all the delega-
tion from Ohio with whom I have-conversed, any
sentiments uttered by him or any one else, look-
ing to the recognition of the confederate govern-
ment as an independent Power. So far as I can
learn, there is not a member acting with this side
of the House, unless it be my colleague, who is
not opposed m every conceivable view, directly
or indirectly,' to such recognition.
1 speak earnestly and consciously of this, be-
cause an attempt was made yesterday to make
partisan capital for the other side out of the speech
of my colleague. But it should be borne in mind
that he said that he spoke only for himself, and
not for his party. He was fiank, true, and honest
in that avowal. Fie did not speak, nor propose
