1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1507
to speak, for his party. He did not speak for his
Democratic colleagues.
Very recently we*have had a convention of the
Democratic people of Ohio, representing over one
hundred and eighty-five thousand voters. In that
convention, sir, no sentiments were uttered and
none would have been tolerated like those to which
exception has been taken. On the contrary, the
only person whose name was presented to that
convention as a delagate to the Democratic na-
tional convention, who avowed sentiments look-
ing toward the recognition of the confederate
States, and who printed a learned and able pam-
phlet to circulate among the members of-the con-
vention, in exposition of his views, received but a
few votes among1 several hundred in that conven-
tion; showing that the Democrats of Ohio, for
whom I speak, are not prepared in any shape,
however plausible, to accept the disintegrating
doctrine to which this resolution refers. On (he
contrary, the Democratic people of that State,
when the war came, which they endeavored but
failed to avert, rallied to the defense of this Gov-
ernment. They sustained it in every emergency.
We, the members upon this side of the House,
had and yet have our brothers and our friends in
the Army doing battle for the Republic, although
they do not agree with the peculiar African pol-
icies pursued by this Administration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Abyssinian.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I think that idle pleasantry of my
friend over the way is neatly worn out. It was
very stale when it was started here by him, and it
does not become the gravity of this occasion, how-
ever much it may accord with hi§ instincts. It
proceeds rather from the brains which were lo-
cated by a brother member in his knuckles, than
from any other brains which he has. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Better have
brains in you knuckles than no b«ams at all.
[Cries of "Otder!"J
Mr. COX. I do not wish to be disturbed any
more by that gentleman. He lias not any sense
of decent debate, or he would not interrupt me in
this manner, without rising or without my per-
mission. I doubt whether he has any sense at all
when he touches the negro question, or he would
not drng in his old joke, so unseemly under cir-
cumstances as grave as the present.
I referred to the position of the Ohio Democ-
racy with pride, because of the imputations thrown
upon them by my colleague on the other side,
[Mr. Gartield.] He followed the speech of my
colleague from the second district, [Mr. Long,]
and strove to make political points for his party,
not by misrepresenting him so much as by mis-
representing the Democracy.
Now, I propose to show that if the sentiments
attributed to my colleague are unpatriotic and
treasonable, the prominent men of the Repub-
lican party are amenable, for similar sentiments,
to the same condemnation. There is scarcely a
leading member of the opposite party, from the
Executive down, who is not committed in doc-
ti 1110 if not in practice to the separation of these
States. I shall show that members opposite de-
serve expulsion by the same rule which they would
mete out to my colleague.
I pass over for the present the sacred, consti-
tutional right to free debate in this Chamber of
Ameiican Representatives, and proceed to show
that this resolution comes with a bad grace from
that quarter in which so much sedition and rev-
olution has been expressed and acted.
And first, I desife to ask of the Speaker if he
had forgotten when he penned this resolution that
in last Congress a most acute member of the Re-
publican party, in good standingand sweetfullo'w-
ship—Judge Conway, of Kansas—not only made
a remaikablc speech in faVor of the recognition of
the South, but offered solemn resolutions affirm-
ing the heinous doctrinc. If the honorable Speaker
has forgotten the fact, let him turn to the Journal
of the House of December 15, 186*2, page 69, and
he will find the following resolutions offered by
Mr. Conway. I quote such of them as bear on the
points in discussion:
"• Reaolvcdy That freedom and slavery cannot coexist in
the same Government without pi oduc nig end less strife and
euil wat ; that ka hou^e divided agam.-t itself cannot
stand ;f «uid that5 this nation must he aliftee orall slave.'
"• Resolved^ That the American Union consists of those
States which are now loyal to the Federal Constitution.
" Resolved^ That the restoration of the Union as it ex-
isted prior to the rebellion would be a greater calamity than
the rebellion itself, since it would give new life to the i ir-
repiessible conflict,5 and entail upon the nation another
cycle, of bitter contention and civil war.
" Resolved, Thar the seceded States can only be put
down, if at all, by being regarded as out of constitutional re-
lations with tiie Union, and by being assailed upon princi-
ples of ordinary waifarc as. between separate nations.
"Resolved, That ir is a matter for seiious reflection
whcthci another clecuon of President must not supervene
befoic the rightful authority of the nation can be established;
and whether in the mean time it is not a fiagtant waste of
our energies to continue the war.
" Resolved, That unless the army of the wes-t shall have
swept through the valley of the Mississippi to its mouth,
and the auny of the Potomac annihilate the legions of Lee
and Jack-on, thus subvening the military power of the re-
bellion within a reasonable tune, the best interests of the
countiy and humanity will require a cessation of hosuli-
ties.
" Resolved, That the States of the North composing the
American nation, ami wielding its power, must ever re-
nnnn one and indivisible on the basis of freedom for all,
without distinction of race, color, or condition ; that their
mission mus>t ever be to extend their own civilization over
the entire continent, and that whatever derangement:?, dif-
ficulties, checks, or defeats they may encounter, they must
forever eheu>h and put sue the inspiring idea of nationality
and continental dominion." *
From which it will appear that, after affirming
the irrepressible conflict, it was resolved that the
American Union consisted only of those States
which are now loyal to the Federal Constitution;
that the restoration of the old Union would be a
greater calamity than the rebellion itself; that the
seceded States should be regarded us out of con-
stitutional relations with the Union; that until the
election of another President it was a flagrant
waste of our encigies to continue the war. Does
the honoiable Speaker remember that those reso-
lutions lecognized that only the States North
composed the American Union? If he did, why
did not this sensitive gentleman, [Mr. Colfax,]
who was not then in the chair but upon the floor,
come foi ward with a resolution forthe expulsion
of his friend Mr. Conway? I ask the Speaker to
respond to that question. Why did you not do
it, sir? Is such a lesolution fair toward a member
on this side and unfair toward a member on the
other? You weie for fiee speech and free resolu-
tion then; I am for it now as then. Why do you
pursue my colleague to diegr&ee him when you
did not lisp a woid about expelling one from your
own ranks who was in favor of disparting tiie old
Union and recognizing the nationality of the south-
ern confederacy? The Speaker does not, for he
cannot,answer. I will yield to him to respond.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Indiana
claims the floor whenever he sees fit to claim it,
and declines speaking in the midst of the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. The gentleman is distinguished as
well for his prudence as for his sagacity.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio if he believes that Mr. Conway ought
to have been expelled from the last Congress un-
der the circumstances?
Sevetal Members. Oh, that is not the question.
Mr. COX. When the gentleman on the other
side answers my question 1 will answer him.
will do it anyhow. I do not think that he should
have been expelled any more thnn we should ex-
pel the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] for his speech in favor of re-
garding the confederacy as a de facto government,
and that war should be carried on against it, ac-
cording to the law of nations, as an independent
Power established by its arms and recognized by
the nations. The member from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] if I remember his speech on that
subject, quoted Yattel in favor of his policy, which
he predicated upon the idea of the independence
of the southern government. Ay, and my col-
league, [Mr. GrArtriLLD,] who is a fair debater
generally, has taken the same ground as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, holding that an insur-
rection as formidable as this lequires the laws of
war to be applied as between two distinct and
independent sovereignties. The men who hold
that doctrine are not the men to expel another
member who holds to the same doctrine.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. COX. With ^reat pleasure. I would not
do my colleague any injustice.
Mr. GARFIELD. My colleague does do me
injustice in what he has just uttered. If he will
do me the honor to read my speech on confisca-
tion, on this particular he will find that I take
most decisive ground against the position of tfri&
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and therein deny
in toto the doctrine that these are a foreign peo-
ple. ^ On the contrary, [ therein claim that thsy
are in the Union, and that all the ^obligations of
the Constitution overhang them. But in putting
down this rebellion we have been told oy the
Supreme Court that we are to pursue them by the
laws ot war, the same as the laws between for-
eign nations, but not therebyadmitting'thatthe'y
arc a foreign nation.
Mr. COX. Well, I cannot understand that
distinction, but I accept it, and then laskfny col-
league, if he holds that the confederacy is not an
independent nation, and if he thus antagonizes
the position of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
why is he not in favor of expelling that gentle-
man for holding that doctrine and avowing it
openly. Did 1 understand that my colleague does
not follow the leader of his party in thia House
upon this doctrine? I pause if my colleague will
favor me with a reply.
Mr. GARFIELD. I draw a mostmarked and
broad distinction between the opinion of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania and the
opinions of my colleague from the second district,
[Mr. Long.] The gentleman from Pennsylvania
is in favor of prosecuting the war io the utter-
most to bring back these revolted States. The
member from the second district of Ohio is op-
posed, in the first place, to all further prosecution
of the war; in the second place, he holds that all
compromise is impossible; and in the third place,
he declares openly in favor of throwing up the
white flag and acknowledging that they have con-
quered us and are independent, and that we will
c-dll back our armies and make no attempt, cither
by conference or by war, to restore the Union.
There is the difference.
Mi. TIIAYER. i wish to make a statement.
I am sure the gentleman from Ohio will not ob-
ject.
Mr. COX. I will yield to the gentleman one
moment.
Mr. THAYER. I simply wish to remind the
gentleman from Ohio that my colleague to .whom
he has referred [Mr. Stevens] is not in his seat,
being detained therefrom by sickness, I think,
therefore, it is better not to indulge in these re-
marks in regard to him in his absence.
Mr. COX. Oh ! Mr. Speaker, the remarks of
the distinguished gentleman from Permsyhmiaarc
as well known as Ins gieat capacity. They are
printed. I will do him no injustice, but quote them
here:
" It i*<, however, essential to asceitain what relation tlic
seceded States bear to tiie United States, that we may know
how to deal with them in reestablishing the national Gov-
ernment. Thete seems to be gioat confusion of ideas
and diveisity ofopinion on thit subject. Some think that
those States aie still m the Union and entitled to the pro-
tection of the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and that they, notwithstanding all they have don*, may
at any time, without any legislation, come back, send
Senatois and llopiesentrtives to Congress, and enjoy ail
the puvileges and immunities of loyal wmbeis ot the
United S3uucs. That whenever those k wayward Mattarn'
choose to abandon their frivolities and present themselves
at the door of the Union and demand admi.-siou, we must
receive them with open amis, and throw over them the
pioteothiij shield of the Union, of winch it is said they
hud ncvei ceased to be inembeis. Otneia hold that, hav-
ing committed tieason, renounced their allegiance to the
Union, dieeaided it-' Constitution and lawt-, oiganiz«d a
distinct and hostile gov-inmfnit. and by force of arnivS hav-
ing risen honi the condition ol insurgents to the position
of an independent Powct de fuclo, and having been ac-
knowledged'as a belligerent both by foreign nation* and
our own Government, tlK  Constitution and laws of the
Union an* ainogated so far as they are concerned, and
that, as between the two Ix-ihgeicnt*, they are under the
law-> ot wai and the laws of nations alone, and that which-
ever Power conqueis may tieat the vanquished as coa
(ju.ned piovmees, and may impose upon theat «uefo con-
ditions and Jaws it may deem beet."
Again he says:
" Is. the pi e-tent contort to be regarded as a public war, and
to be governed by the tuicrf ot civihyd warfare, or only
as a domestic insmicetion, to be suppressed by ciiminai
prosecutions bciore tiie eoutW of the country?"
I need not t«ll the Hou.se how the member
from Pennsylvania answered this question. He
founded upon it his argument in favor of confis-
cation by the laws of nations and of war. He
quoted from Judge Grier to prove the war a pub-
lic war, and not a domestic nisunectton. He
constructed an argument to show that this was
not a contest with individuals, but with States—
