1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
some measure. The bill as it originally catnc
from the House of Representatives provided a tax
of sixty cents on all liquor distilled after a certain
day, which is the date of the passage of the bill.
We have provided that that tax of .sixty cents
shall be levied on all spirits distilled from and after
the date of the passage of the bill up to the 1st day
of July next; and that upon all liquors that may
be distilled after the passage of the act (in order
to carry out the idea which we had of excluding
spirits previously distilled) and sold or removed
for consumption and sale on and after July 1st, and
previous to the 1st day of January next, there shall
be an additional sum of ten cents per gallon levied;
and on all liquois that may be distilled after the
passage of this act and sold or removed for con-
sumption and sale on and after the 1st of Janu-
ary next, still another additional sum of ten cents,
making it eighty cents in the whole.
With reference to the amount of tax that might
be levied on liquors, the testimony before the
committee convinced me that a tax of eighty cents
might very well be added without doing injury in
any way; that the aitide would bear that, and
peihaps a still greater amount. With reference,
however, to that portion of liquoi which goes into
the manufactures of the country, where the manu-
factures depend necessarily on this article, it must
be obvious that the tax will be very burdensome;
and I am not sure, although we do not undertake
to make the exception here in any way, that it
may not be necessary in the course of the session
to legislate somewhat, if it can be done safely,
with a view to that particular part of the article
referred to which is used in the process of differ-
ent manufactures.
With regard to the grading of the tax in the
manner I have mentioned, there was some diver-
sity of opinion in the committee; but a majority
of the committee decided in favor t^f it. One ar-
gument that is used in favor of it is tflat, in spite
of the additional tax levied, it will encourage dis-
tillers to keep their distilleries open and at work
during these periods, in view of the additional tax
that is fb be levied at these several times. The
main argument against it, as will be obvious to
every Senator, is that this very thing encourages
perhaps a rush of woik with a view to the rise,
and may operate in the same way with reference to
this speculation by individuals in the community,
which is so much deprecated, and of which so
much has been said. That question, therefore,
will be before the Senate for them to considei:
whether it is advisable to adhere to a single rate
of taxation, or whether it is best to inciease the
rate at different times as we have fixed it, 01* in
any other way.
The next amendment is one of very considera-
ble importance, and lias creatcd moie discussion
than any other. The Senate is familiar with it.
That part of the bill, as it came from the House
of Representatives, imposed an additional tax on
spirits on hand, a considerable portion of which—
how much we do not know—was made before
any tax was laid upon liquors, and on another
portion the tax of twenty cents has already been
levied. The question arose—and it is a very im-
portant one, and one about which much may be
said on both sides—whether that tax was advisa-
ble on the whole or not. Of course it has been
very maturely and thoroughly considered by the
committee, and considered, too, with the advant-
age of having testimony before us, most of which,
and I do nnt know but al! of which, was directed
against the proposed tax upon liquors on hand,
and which were manufactured before the passage
of the act.
On that subject the arguments are various. I
confess that my mind has boon somewhat in
doubt about it. I do not know but that I might
have been willing under some circumstances—I
speak now simply for myself—to put a lef-s amount
of tax on liquois on hand than thaumposed by the :
bill upon liquors which were hereafter to be dis- '
tilled after the passage of the act. That you can-
not with any degree of justice, in my judgment,
and I simply speak for myself, impose the whole ;
amount of the tax, must be obvious, I think, to ;
anybody who is acquainted with and has re- I
marked the course of business in reference to this j
article. There has undoubtedly been since last ;
fall a very considerable degree of speculation 111 |
the article. j
The great argument for imposing the tax is I
that by the imposition of a tax upon that which
is to be manufactured hereafter we immediately
give a mai ket value, by the amount of the tax'
levied, to that which is on hand, and that that
market value, that increased price, would go into
the hands of those who hold the article, whether
they are the original manufacturers or those who
have purchased it from time to time in the course
of their business, or otherwise. The argument
has been urged with much force that, after all, it
would be no more than fair, as this tax must be
paid by the consumers, the people of the country,
that it should be divided at least between the Gov-
ernment and the persons deriving the benefit from
the incieased tax laid by the Government upon
the article.
But, sir, although that may be true in some
cases—that is to say, in the ease of those manu-
facturers of the article who have held it from the
beginning and not parted with its possession, and
they would derive this additional benefit—yet with
reference to the trade in the community it must
be obvious that it is not true to any very consid-
erable extent, because there is nobody probably,
or but very few persons, and it is that class of
the community particulaily that I now speak of,
who purchased the article onginaliy at the then
market price, before whatis called ''speculation"
began, and have held on to it to this time. On
the contrary, it has been gradually varying from
its original start, whatever that may have been,
forty-five or fifty or fifty-five cents, up as high
as ninety-five cents, which is a very high figure;
adding m fact the whole amount almost of the
proposed tax, but perhaps not quite, and I am told
that some has b'-en sold its high as a dollar. That
was the amount paid by the puichaser who now
holds it. If you put on the whole amount of this
tax so far as the speculator, as he is called, or the
trader in liquor, is concerned, the result must ne-
cessarily be a very heavy loss to him, because if
you put the tax on the purchase money that he
paid it raises the price to a higher amount than
the article can actually be made for by the man-
ufacturer and the tax paid and then sold, creat-
ing very considerable loss. In addition to that,
there are many men who carry on a regular busi-
ness of one kind and another who arc obliged to
purchase and keep on hand a considerable amount
of spirits, not for any long period of time, in carry-
ing on manufactures largely, who must purchase
at the maiket price, and buy, not for speculation,
but for use m their manufactures, and conse-
quently the effect on them would be very injurious,
because it would create a loss.
That is one view that is taken of it. There is
another which, perhaps, was not without very
considerable influence in the minds of the com-
mittee. To tax an aitieh- of this kind on hand,
and more especially m the hands of an owner,
whether an imported article or whetheran article
subject to internal domestic duties which has
already paid a tax, or which perhaps has not, is
a thing entirely new in the levunue system of any
country. I am told, and told 011 authority—1 have
not personally examined H myself, because I was
told theie was no doubt about the fact—that it
never has been done in England in any case; and
if we introduce it here it will be the first time in
the history of any system of this kind, that you
take an article of property which has already
gone tlnougii the hands of Government and paid
this tax to Government and again assess a tax
upon it 111 the hands of the owner. I am told it
has never been done at aH heretofoie in any coun-
try, and consequently we should be introducing
an entirely new system, and,one which might be
attended with veiy considerable embarrassment.
Again, sir, if we undeitake to do anything of
this kind it must be obi ions that we are depart-
ing from what we seemed to establish as a system
when we passed the original internal revenue law.
This very question was then very much discussed,
^believe my fiiend, the Senator from Ohio, who
is one of my colleagues on the committee, [Mr.
Sherman,] proposed at that time that we should
assess a tax on liquor on hand, half, if I temem-
ber rightly, of the amount which was assessed on
liquor distilled afterwards. I think I favored it;
but the Senate on very great consideration lefused
to adopt the suggestion, and the House of Repre-
sentatives refused to adopt the suggestion, and
we established then in the beginning as our sys-
tem that we would notplace any tax upon liquors
except those that should be afterwards manufac-
tured; that is to say, that we would not touch prop-
erty in existence. There is a fairness, there is an
evident propriety in saying to everybody, If you
choose to create a certain kind of property you
shall pay such a tax upon it; but if that property
is already created and in their hands there would
seem to be an injustice in singling it out to pay a
tax (because all taxes should be equal) simply on
account of the particular kind of property, what-
ever it may be. *
It \tfas considered—and 1 confess that I gave
very great weight to the suggestion—that we had
in the beginning settled what our policy was to be
in that particular; and if there is any principle
with reference to taxation which is consideredan
important and vital one it is that there shall be a
certainty in the system, that there shall not be a
continual variation and change. Trade needs
something of thatsort. It is subject to continual
fluctuations. If it is to have no idea of what the
policy of the Government is, no idea of how ar-
ticles may be caught up and seized in the hands
of those into whose possession they have gone
after they have once passed through the hands of
the Government, the tendency naturally is to
create uncertainty, confusion, distress, doubt,and
a feeling that the Government has no system and
no principle,and that all trade in reference to such
articles, whether large orsmall, isutterly unsafe.
Thus creating confusion, it will have a tendency
to diminish the respect which is entertained for
the Government itself, to diminish confidence in
the Government, confidence in the legislation of
the country, and will thus create very consider-
able evils.
These, sir, were the principal considerations;
but I do not know still—with the inclination that
was upon my mind to reach the article of whisky
if I could have been satisfied that the game was
worth the candle—that I might not have adhered
to my original impression with regard to it. Al-
though, perhaps, the weight of the argument is
against it, my desire to get money for the Gov-
ernment is so strong and my feeling of the neces-
sity of it is so pressing that I do not know but
that I might have yielded to the force of the argu-^
merit the other way. There is, however, a great
question, what we shall gain by it. Mark you,
in laying a tax we are administering a system
which is to run" through a series of years. We
do not calculate simply upon what we are to get
this year or next year, but for a series of years;
and it is very questionable whether there is any
good policy in laying our hand upon an individ-
ual article at a particular time for the sake of get-
ting a certain sum of money, and then stopping,
which must necessarily end with the time the very
first effort is made. If we lay a tax upon the
liquor on hand it is only on that now on hand.
There is none to be on hand next year in the same
condition. It is to be only an effect to be pro-
duced for a single year.
IIow much should we gain by it? Upon this
opinions vary. The opinion given before our
committee was very general that two hundred and
fifty thousand bairels would be the extent of all
(hat the bill could cover. I had itcalcuiated,and
1 believe that would produce, according to the rate
of forty cents additional tax, $5,000,000. If it
would produce only £5,000,000, you see at the rate
of our expenditures at the present time, and the
money we want, it would be a mere bagatelle. But
then should we get the whole of that sum-? These
two hundred and fifty thousand barrels are scat-
tered all through the community. Some of them
are in the hands of the original manufacturers; you
might get the tax on that. Some are in the hands of
iaige dealeis; you mightfind that. But very large
quantities are scattered about 111 shops and in dif-
ferent directions in small amounts, and where you
would not lie very likely to get at it. If §5,000,000
is the amount, and you could reach the whole of it,
the result would not be very productive; but re-
garding the thing as unjust and wrong as the com-
munity probably would, or at any rate those in-
terested would, there would be a sort of feeling
with every man that if the Government could be
defrauded in this case it would be after all no very
great violation of conscience. The effort would
certainly be made, the community being so dis-
posed under the circumstances.
Then again, sir, there are other evils connected
with it. You must necessarily have a very great
