1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2483
cago district, that which is contemplated by the
committee in their resolution, I arrive at it by ,
an entirely different mode, of reasoning. I do not
fear competition from the Canadian canals—we
never feared it in New York—1 simply wish to
take advantage of our own facilities, and to do
what we ouglit to do in our own State for thepur-
poseof facilitating our own commerce, and I have
no fear that we shall not retain the commerce of
the-great West.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York whether, during the last three
years, the New York canals and railroads have
been able to transport all the produce of the West
to market. I ask him whether there has not ac-
cumulated in the warehouses at Chicago and at
other points in the West millions of bushels of
grain, for which it was impossible to obtain means
of transportation.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Illinois a question.
Mr. ARNOLD. I hope the gentleman will first
permit the gentleman from New York to answer
my question.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from the Chicago district, or any other gentleman
who brings up this question of canals and rail-
roads upon this bill, what it has to do with the
reciprocity treaty? I do not understand that the
reciprocity treaty touches the canals and railroads
in any respect, or that its abrogation will interfere
at all with the competition that now exists. It
will not interfere with any single question touch-
ing the matter of canals and railroads at all.
Mr. ARNOLD. If the gentleman from New
York will allow me I will answer the gentleman's
question; but I desire first to obtain an answer
from the gentleman from New York to my ques-
" tion in regard to the capacity of the,canals and
railroads in New York to carry the" products of
the West as shown by the experience of the last
three years. I desire also to know what divi-
dends the New York Central Company has paid
during the last year? I ask the gentleman whether
it is not true, as stated in the public press, that
they have divided ten per cent., and have a large
surplus on hand.
Mr. PRUYN. I had not expected to go into
the details of this question. I will answer the
gentleman from Vermont in a general way, by
saying that I had supposed tlfet the arguments of
all the gentlemen who have addressed the House
on this subject in regard to the supposed effects
of the reciprocity treaty bore direcrtly upon the
avenues of trade and commerce leading from our
seaboard tr> the West. Why, sir, it is a ques-
tion whether a vast amount of property is to pass
over the railroads of Pennsylvania and New York
and to some extent of New England. It is a
question whether a vast amount of property is to
pass over these lines to Canada, and whether in
return a large amount of property is to come from
Canada to pass toward the seaboard. It is an
important question with reference to any line of
communication as to what may be the character
of this treaty if we are to draw a line between
Canada and ourselves which cannot be passed
except under restrictions that amount to prohibi-
tion. .
Now, in regard to the question of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] as to the accom-
modation afforded by the American lines of traffic
for the purpose of carrying fieight from the West
to the seaboard; there is no question, and never
any made, as to the entire capacity of these lines
of communication to carry from the seaboard to
the interior. It is only w th reference to the vast
accumulationsof property which take place occa-
sionally in the West that the question is asked.
In all carrying trade you have to lookat two con-
siderations, not only traffic one way, but traffic
both ways. If there is no traffic one way, or
very much less one way than another, the way m
which on that line of traffic the most is carried
must be expected to be charged the most. When
there has been a great crop in the West the lines
of railroad and canal in New York and Pennsyl-
vania which connect the West with the seaboard
have hardly been sufficient for the purpose.
In regard to the canals in New York, what that
State has. made out of them has been four and a
half, live, and six per cent. The whole railroad
and canal system together has not paid legal in-
terest on the investment.
And I venture to say in addition that the charge
from Lake Erie to New York is much less than
on the same kind of property in Illinois. As I
understand this matter, it does not become the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Arnold] to com-
plain of the high price in New York,for Ibelieve
the prices out there are much higher in propor-
tion. They are certainly for passengers, and 1
think they are for goods traffic. I understood
the gentleman to say that that was doubtless
owing to the factthatthestockoflllinois railroads
was owned in the Eastland in New York. All
I mean to say about that is, that we have men in
New York, fortunate or unfortunate, as the case
may be, to own stock West. As to the rates of
dividends on railroad stock West I am not in-
formed. I do not own a dollar in any of them.
I must refer the gentleman, for detailed informa-
tion on that point, if lie has it not, to gentlemen in
New England, as they own the greater portion of
railroad stock in his Stafe.
I come now to New Ytirk. The New York
and Erie has never paid a dollar of dividend
until a year past; and theNew York Central has
only paid seven per cent., the last being five per
cent, for six months.
Mr. ARNOLD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from New York what the effect will be if
-■$18,000,000 additional products, instead of going
to Canada, are thrown upon the New York rail-
roads and canals? Will it not be necessarily to
enhance the cost of transportation?
Mr. PRUYN. So far as the railroads are con-
cerned, I will say that they will meet that traffic
and take care of it. The roads would lay down
a third line if necessary.
I do not occupy the narrow ground which the
gentleman from Illinois seems to think I do,
neither do my friends upon this floor. 1 take the
ground that we are willing to see reciprocally
broad relations existing between Canadaandthis
country. We have no desire to check the growth
of Canada, but on the contrary we wish to see
her developed, for in time she is to be annexed to
us and form a part of this country, and I look
upon her growth and prosperity with the highest
satisfaction. It may not be in five or ten years
that this will be brought about, but the logic of
events will bring these provinces to us in time.
I want the'gentleman from Illinois to occupy
ground as broad as we do in New York.
One word more in relation to gunboats. I will
notspeak ofbuilding canalsand railroads for com-
mercial and business purposes, but the idea of
enlarging canals for the purpose of transporting
gunboats from the Atlantic to the lakes, or from-
the Mississippi to the lakes, is fallacious and ab-
surd. Should war take place with a foreign Power
we shall need all our naval force we have upon
the Atlantic to protect our sea-coast, and all we
have upon the Mississippi river to*take care of
the southern coast and the Gulf ot Mexico. We
can build all the gunboats we need in ninety days
upon the streams leading into the lakes. We
can build them upon the Chicago river, upon
Buffalo creek, and upon some of the streams of
Ohio leading into the lakes. Wccando that even
while the six months' notice is running, which,
if we wish to abrogate the treaty of Ghent, we
are obliged to give.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] read
a few moments ago the supplemental clause which
provides for the force to be maintained by the two
parties upon the great lakes. This question came
up two years ago in the New York Senate, when
I had the honor of a seat in that body, and a
discussion arose much like that which has taken
place heie to-day, and particularly the question of
enlarging or building canals for the purpose ot
transporting gunboats from one point to another;
that is, the question of undertaking a work which
will requue from six to ten years to complete, and
which will cost vastly more than all the gunboats
we shall ever build, and all for the purpose ofen-
abling us, at some future and distant period, to
carry gunboats from one point to another.
The question I then raised was whether Lake
Michigan, being entirely within American juris-
diction, and not being one of the lakes which could
be the subject of negotiation, unless expressly
named between Great Britain and this country,
could fanly be considered as being included with-
in the supplemental treaty of Ghent; and whether
that treaty did not relate exclusively to, tl>e great
lakes which were owned by the parties in com-
mon". And the suggestion derives force from.the
fact that Lake Ohamplain, which for certain pur-
poses is also called one of the great lakes, is
expressly named, whereas Lake Michigan is not
named. I do not, however, undertake here to
solve that question, but it appears that the proper
Department of our Government is of opinion that
Lake Michigan is fairly included within that
treaty of Ghent.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. X have s^enthe
communication of the Secretary of the Navy to
which reference has been made, and I donottliink
it will fairly bear the interpretation attempted to
be given to it. It was merely a recommendation
and not a legal opinion upon the subject. The
Attorney General of the united States has not
given an opinion at all.
Mr. PRUYN. Now, sir, it so happened when
I made this suggestion in the Senate of New York
that a distinguished member upon the other side
of the House, the Republican side, who had been
earnestly advocating the measure then pending
before that body, a man of great learning and a
lawyer of high standing and ability, said that if
that was the true construction of the supplemental
treaty of Ghent, there was no us'e of discussing
the question longer about enlarging our canals
for that purpose.
But independent of that, I say that if we wish
to build gunboats—and I trust we never shall need
to build another—but if we are compelled to en-
counter war with a foreign Power and find it ne-
cessary to build gunboats for the protection of our
northern frontier, we can do it better and more
economically in the streams entering into the great
lakes and on Lake Michigan,if we have the right
to do so, than we can possibly doitatNewYork,
Boston, orelsewhere, and transport them through
to the lakes. The matter of building a fleet of
gunboats would be very easily accomplished with-
in the six months given us for the purpose; and
it strikes me that it would be very unwise—speak-
ing of the subject in this view only and not in a
commercial point of view—for this country or for
any one State to undertake an enormous expendi-
ture of money, running ^through a long series
years, in order to accomplish such a result as is
now spoken of.
Mr. Speaker,as I have'already said, I trust that
the resolution reported by the Committee on Com-
merce will pass the House, and that we will not
summarily and arbitrarily cutoff even any attempt
at negotiation upon this subject. It is of vast
importance to us of New York. We think that
the very best commercial relations and the beat
feeling should be cultivated between this country
and Canada. It will be mutually beneficial.
Mr. WARD. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL. There are several gentlemen
who desire to occupy ten or fifteen minutes upon
this question. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Ward] has kindly offered me ten minutes
of his time, but I hope that by unanimous con-
sent his time will be extended, so that he will be
enabled to yield to others.
Mr. ARNOLD. My colleague, [Mr. J. C.
Allen,] I know, desires to speak some ten or
fifteen minutes.
Mr. SWEAT. I think an additional hour will
afford an opportunity to all the gentlemen who
desire to make short speeches on this question to
be heard.
Mr. MORRILL. Say half an hour.
Mr. PRICE. I move that we take a- recess
until seven o'clock, and have these speeches to-
night.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That motion
is not in order pending the demand for the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. It is in order;but the Chair
will state to the gentleman from' Iowa that it re-
quires a quorum to take a recess, and there is evi-
dently not a quorum in the Hall.
Mr. PRICE. Well, we can sendfor members
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Iowa insists oil his motion, I shall
move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That motion will take pre-
cedence.
Mr. PRICE. I do not insist on it.
Mr. WARD, I understand thatthere are four
gentlemen who desire to speak ten minutes each.
