'2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
I'So not propose to occupy the whole of my hour,
ftnd will yield a portion of it to others, but I ask
that the time for debate may be extended half an
hour so that these gentlemen may be accommo-
dated.
The SPEAKER. Then, if there be no objec-
tion, the understanding will be that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Ward] is to have an hour
and a half, and he can divide the time among other
gentlemen as he sees fit, the vote'to be taken at
the end of that time. .
No objection was made.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Andthen, on motion of Mr.COFFROTIi, (at
five minutes to five o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
„ Thursday, May £6,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
„ PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Francis
jMiller, praying for the payment of a. balance al-
leged to be due him for supplies furnished to vari-
ous navy-yards; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas, presented a petition of
officers in the civil service of the Government
resident in Washington, District of Columbia,
praying for an increase of compensation; winch
was ordered to lie on the table,and be printed.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of peisons
engaged in the express business in the State of
Pennsylvania, and two memorials of persons en-
gaged in that business in the State of New Jer-
sey, remonstrating against any change in regu-
lating the manner of taxing express companies;
•which wore ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WILSON. I present the petition of the
Hamilton Bank and other banks of the city of
Boston, and also bank oliicers and dneetois and
business men of that city, respectfully petitioning
(Jongjess to have the net for the establishment of
onnkinginstitutionsjn the United States, now un-
der consideration, so amended as to requnc the
associations under it to hold atany and all tunes a
proportion of the reserve in the lawful money of
the United States, provided for by the thirty-first
section of the act now referred to,m specie, gold
and silver coin, either or both, and that this re-
serve in specie ahull be continued until the re-
sumption of specie payments by the Government
and banks of the United States. I suppose it is
too late to act on the subject now, and \ therefore
move that the petition lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MSPOUTS FHOM COMMITTERS.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom the subject was
referred, leported a joint resolution (S. No. 50)
to provide tor the revision of the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read, and passed
to a second rending.
Lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was refencd a bill (S. No. 153) to provide for the
revision and codification of the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported adversely tiieieon.
Mr. HALE, fiom the Committee on Na\al Af-
fairs, to whom was lefened a lull (R. No. 2D2) to
piovide for the tffiomncy of the Navy, repotted
it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
following subjects; which was agreed to:
A petition of citizens of Wisconsin, praying
thai seamen transferred from the Anny to the (
Navy may be entitled to the benefit of the State i
fumilytuU funds-of the States fumishmgsuch aid, j
and that the Government furnish such seamen ]
then* uniforms, to be refunded fiom any prize
money to which they are entitled; and
A resolution of the Senate of March 16, in-
structing the committee to inquire if some mode
of promotion in the volunteerNavy,analogous to
that of the regular Navy,may not be established.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was recom-
mitted a bill (H. R. No. 383) to incorporate the
Home foe Friendless Women and Children, re-
potted it with amendments.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom were referred the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 192) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th June, 1865, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, and the amendments of the
House to other amendments of the Senate to the
said bill, reported a recommendation thatthe Sen-
ate insist upon its amendments disagreed to by
the House and disagree to the amendments of
the House to other amendments of the Senate to
the said bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the said bill, disagreed to by the House of.
Representatives,and nmendedasaforesaid; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Semite insist upon its amendments
to the bill (II. R. No. 19'2) disagreed to t>y the [louse of Rep-
resentatives, disagree to the amendments of the House to
other amendments of the Senate thereto, nml ask a pon-
fercnce on the disagreeing votes of thetwo Houses thereon.
Oitlared, Thai ihe conlerees on the pait of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
THE "AilGUELLES" CASK.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the fullowing reso-
lution, which lies over for consideration:
Resolved, That the Piesident bo requested to inform the
Senate, if he f-hall not deem it incompatible with the pub-
lic Interest, whether lie has, and when, authoiized a per-
son alleged to have committed a crime Spam, or
any of its dependencies, to be delivered up to officers of
that Government, and whether i-ueh dehveiy was had, and,
if so, under what authority ol law or of treaty it was done.
suppression ojf newspapers.
Mr. POWELL. I submit the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the conduct of the executive authonty of
the Government, m leeently elo-nn; the olfteoh and Mip
pre>MU}; the publication ot the Woild and Journal ol Ooin-
imnee, iH'W-papeK in the eity of New York, undereireuin-
stance-. which have been placed beloie ihe public, was an
act nnwananted in it^ell, dan ;eioii- to Hie chum* ot the
Union, in violation of the (,\m-.tifuUon? and subversive ot
the pnuciples of eivd hbuty, and as Mich is iu-icLy cen-
sured fi) the Senafe.
Mr.SUMNER. Let that lie over.
Tim PRESIDENT pro tempore.' Objection
being made, tin: lesolution will lie'over.
Mi. POWELL. 1 ask that the M'&olution be
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho motion
to print will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. SUMNER, 1 presume there will be no
objection to prmtm«: the resolution.
Mr. POWELL. It has not been the custom
to icfer a motion to punt a resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
treated as a bill, and the motion will be put to
the Senate. ^
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message hom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. JVJcPhkrson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Ropiesentatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the hill of the
Hou.se (No. 43-3) for the relief of the citizens of
Denvet, m the Tetritory of Colorado.
The mess.ige further announced that the I louse
of Representatives had disagieed to the report of
the committee of eonfeience on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
198) making apptopuations for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th June,
1865,and for other purposes, asked a furthercon-
ference on the disagieeing votes of the two Houses
theieon, and had appointed Mr. Tiiaudcus Ste-
vens of Pennsylvania, Mr. George H. Pkndj.e-
ton of Ohio, and Air. Thomas T. Ha vis of New
York, nmnngeis at the same on its part.
The messagefuitherannounced thatthe House
of Representatives had agieed to the amendment
of the Senate to ihe bill of the House (No. 407)
authorizing the establishment of ocean mail steam-
ship service between the United Statesand Brazil.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the lelief of Julia
A. Ames;
A bill (TL R. No. 377) making appropriations
for the payment of the awards made by the com-
missioners appointed under and by virtue of an
act of Congress entitled "An act for the relief
of persons for damages sustained by reason of
the depredations and injuries by certain bands of
Sioux Indians," approved February 16, 3863;
A bill (H. R. No. 407) authorizing the estab-
lishing of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and Brazil; and
A bill (H.R. No. 432) for the relief of the citi-
zens of Denver, Territory of Colorado.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (No.
42G) to create an additional supervising inspector
of steamboats and two local inspectors of steam-
boats for the collection district of Memphis,
Tennessee, and two local inspectors for the col-
lection district ofOregon, and for other purposes,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
E. B. Wasiiburne of Illinois, Mr. Thomas D.
Eliot of Massachusetts, and Mr. Wells A.
Hutciiins of Ohio, managers at the same on its
part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 426) to create an ad-
ditional supervising inspector of steamboats and
two local inspectors of steamboats for the col-
lodion district of Memphis, Tennessee, and two
local inspectors for the collection district of Ore-
gon, and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Resolved, That the Seriate insbt upon its amendments
to the said bill, and agree to ihe conference naked by the
Ilonse on thgwlwurroemg votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered. TRat the conferees on the part ot the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Cuaxuluk, Mr. Nesmith, and Mr. Van Winkle.
congressional globe.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 421) to pay, in pnrt, for pub-
lishing the debates of Congress, and for other
purposes, to report the same back to the Senate
without amendment and recommend its passage.
I am also instructed to make a statement of the
two propositions that have been made to Con-
gress by the publishers of the Globe; and al-
though I do not propose to ask for a vote upon
the lull at this time, if Senators wish to examine
it, I should like to make a statement of the case
now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
fiom Rhode Island asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a statement concerning the
bill jurtt reported by him. The Chuir hears no
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. It must be obvious to every
one that the publication of the Globe cannot bo
c ntmued under the present contract, unless it
was one that was enormously too high at the time
it was made. All the expenses of publishing
have been greatly increased; some of them have
been doubled, some more than doubled, and the
publication probably in the hands of almost any
other man would have been discontinued; but
the late Mr. Rives had made this work his idea,
his object, and the pride of his life, and he kept
it along in the expectation that there would be
some increase in the compensation. We can
hardly expect that his representatives will do the
same thing. It is for Congress to decide whether
they desire the continuation of the debates in the
Congressional Globe; and, if they desire it, to de-
cide upon which of the modes of incrased com-
pensation they will accept. I have prepared a
memorandum on this subject which is very brief,
and which I will submit to the Senate.
In one of the earliest sessions of Congress a
proposal to supply the members with thrcecopies
each of a register of debates was voted down.
The propriety of having the debates reported,
however, was recognized, and m February, 17^5,
Hon. William Loughton Smith, a very able de-
bater, afterward minister to Portugal, reported a
resolution, which was passed, directing the Sec-
retary of State to receive proposals from stenog-
raphers for furnishing accurate reports.
in January, 1796, Mr. Smith introduced ares-
