462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 3,
increase of officers, for the officers that arc en-
gaged in levying the taxes cannot now do this duty,
scattered so largely and widely as the article is
throughout the community. That would be out
of tne question; and my judgment is that, sup-
posing on the whole it amounted to $5,000,000,
the result would be that you would not get more
than half that sum out of it, and you would spend
a large portion of that in the expenses of collec-
tion; and besides that, you would excite and ren-
der angry a great many people in the community,
perhaps with some appearance of justice, so that,
as I said before, if that is the whole amount, 1
should consider that the game was not worth the
candle, not worth trying for. Even if you go fur-
ther, and double the estimate (and i think that is
the utmost extent to which you could go) and call
it |10,000,000, tho amount you would really get
might hardly be considered sufficient to pay you
for the evils that would neccssauly follow.
In saying these things, I am but repeating the
arguments which have been adduced one way and
the other with reference to this matter, and stat-
ing what I consider to be the several views to be
presented to the Senate with reference to it. I
have not gone through the whole of them, but
stated the main considerations that have been ad-
vanced to us and that have occurred to us in the
cTourse of conversation with each other.
That is the main question, and is to be consid-
ered by the Senate, and it involves about all the
amendments of any consequence which have been
proposed, because you will observe that the same
provision was made in regard to the duty which
is imposed on cotton of two cents per pound, and
an additional cent and a half a pound on all that
in the hands of the owners which has already
paid half a cent a pound. So also with regard to
tho seventh section, which provides for laying
this same additional duty upon foreign liquors in
order to make it conform. We have struck out
there the same provision in substance, and made
the additions necessary, grading the duties to con-
form to the amendment m the first section. One
depends upon the other, ami if the Senate should
mloptthe amendment proposed by the commitlee
- in refeience to the paiticular subject to which I
^hnve referred, the liquor on hand, they will un-
doubtedly adopt the others in order to make the
whole system conform.
There is another provision which we have struck
out to which I will call the attention of the Sen-
ate. It is that which lays a duty on what are
called rectified spints. Thatalso was considered
very much at large and veiy thoroughly by the
Senate when we passed the original bill, and it
was then decided that we should confine our tax
to the original article. Theaigument with regard
to that perhaps it is not necessary for me to re-
peat; but the committee are entirely satisfied that
it is impossible to levy a tax of this description,
because spirits can be rectified by any man m his
own house, in his own cellar, m his own garret,
without any kind of dilliculty. The system of
passing it through charcoal is simple. I do not
understand the whole process, but it issaid to be
entirely simple, such as anybody may carry on
himself; and the icsult would be that if you at-
tempted to lay a duty on rectified spints you
must necessarily break down all tho hirgo estab-
lishments where spirits art; rectified for the benefit
of individuals in their houses and shops and barns,
because theie you will find it impossible to get the
tax, while you could reach it in the establishments
where the business is openly and largely carried
on. For that reason the committee adhere to the
original decision which they made two years ago,
when we passed the original bill, and recommend
that the Senate adhere to it now.
To be sure, sir, much maybe said with regard
to the adulteration of liquors,&c.; but the answer
is one that 1 gave in the beginning, and that is,
that we are not legislating m regard to the morals
of the community. If we were, sir, we should
perhaps prohibit the article altogethci; but we are
considering what the interestsof the Government
require with reference to the raising of revenue,
and we air satisfied that the effect of laying this
duty would rather be to diminish than to increase
revenue.
The ofheramendmentsare with reference to de-
tails, verba! amendments, which can be readily
understood by the Senate <,v ithout any explanation
from me. They are very slight, many of them of
very little consequence, except as correcting the
phraseology of the bill. The ninth section we
have struck out entirely, because it is predicated
upon the pait of the bill of which 1 have been
speaking, that is, the duty upon liquors on hand;
and if that should be struck out by the Senate, of
course the ninth section will not be neccssary. We
have added one section which I suppose Senators
will readily understand. Although it is not ex-
actly appropriate here, it is necessary to pass such
a provision very soon, for the reason that many
suits have been commenced against revenue offi-
cers, and they are now pending in the courts, and
they desire to remove them as other suits against
original revenue officers into the courts of the Uni-
ted States', but the courts hold that by " revenue
officers'' under the original act, which is referred
to in tho amendment, are not meant internal rev-
enue officers, and that they are not entitled to the
advantages of that act The design of this new
section is simply to place them on the same level,
and we desire to place them under the same pro-
tection.
This is all I desire to say in reference to the
bill itself. I have not gone into any extended
remaiks on the subject, as I should think I was
not treating the Senate properly if I were to do
so; as members unquestionably understand now
perfectly the whole subject as well as 1 do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
amendment of the committee will be read.
The Secretary read the fitst amendment of the
Committee on Finance, which was in section
one, line nine, between the words " or"t\nd "re-
moved," to insert " distilled and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
44 sale,"in line nine of section one, to insert" pie-
vious to the 1st day of July next;" so as to make
the section read:
That 11 om and alier llio of thH act, in li<;u of the
duty provided lor in section loity-oneot nu act entitled
u An acl to Mjppoit the Government, ami to pay uitcuM on
the public debt," .ippjovnl July 1, le{52, and in addition to
duties payable lor licensee. ihrn> shall he levied, collected,
and paid on alt «pu it- that may he distilled and oi dis-
tilled and lemoved toi consumption or sale pieviou& to the
1st day of July next, of tiict proof, the dui) of m.Uv ccnt>
on each and eveiy gallon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "gal-
lon," in section one, line eleven,to insert:
And upon all lirjuor< that may ho diddled alter the
pa>s\<,'(: ol this, act, and s-old ot lemoved foi consumption
or sale on and altei the l*t day of July neu, and pcvioiH
to the 1st day of Jamiaty next, seventy cent- on eac h and
eveiy gallon ; and on all hquoi.-, that may bedistilled alter
the passage oi till1* act, and >old ot icmoved lor consump-
tion oi sale <>i) and alter the l.=t day of Januai> next, eighty
ceiit-i on each and every gallon
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, this bill
is one of much importance, affecting important
interests, particularly of the Northwest. It has
just within the last, hour been laid in a printed
fbtm upon the desks of Senatois. For one, 1 must
say that I am not prepared to consider it at this
time, although the explanation of the amendments
proposed by the committee, by its chairman, has
been very full and very clear. Still I do not feel
piepaied to net upon the bill at thus time, and as
it is a moasuic of inipoi tunee, I f< el justified in
mo ving that i ts furthei consul e rat ion be postponed
until lo-niorrow
i\fr. KESSENDEN. 1 do not rise to object to
what the Senator proposes, if the Senale shall see
fit to agree to it; but I wish to mfoim him that
befoie calling up the bill—probably he w as not in
at the time—1 stated that if any Senator desired
that it should go over until to-monow I had no
objection; because it had just been laid upon the
tables of Senatois, and I should not press it if any
member desired fuither time; but as no one did
desire any further time I called it up.
Mr. HE-NDRIOTCS. When the bill was called
up I was out of the Chamber, having been called
out on business, and did not hear that statement
of the Senator.
Mi. FEvSSEA'DEN. I will state to the Sena-
tor fiom Indiana that it is very desirable, as he
will see, that the action should be as speedy as
possible, because it is probable the bill will have
to go back to the Mouse of Representatives.
Mr. JOE1NSOX. There was no objection to
the bill being called up. 1 suppose every Sena- ;
toi desired that it should h<> rolled up, in onhr I
that wc might hear the explanation of thescvrijl j
amendments proposed by the committee. That
having been made, I am sure the chairman will
not object to a postponement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection if
Senators desire that the bill be postponed until
to-morrow; but I wish to notify them that 1 shall
then ask the Senate to proceed with it. [Certainly.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana moves that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ALBERT BROWN.
Mr. HOWE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Albert Brown praying for relief, to make a
report on that subjectaccompanied by a bill.
The bill (S. No. 92) for the relief of Albert
Brown was read a first time by its title.
Mr. HALE. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to consent to consider the bill now, and if I state it
I think they will do so. It is a bill to pay for a
lot of wagons made for the Army, but there was
some trouble among the inspectors about receiving
them. Tho report of the committee will show
that the contractor did everything he was bound to
do under an inspection by an inspector furnished
by the Department, and he has been out of the
$14,000 due him ever since. The case has been
before the Senate once, when it was thoroughly
investigated by the Committee on Claims, and the
bill passed the Senate upon an explanation unani-
mously, withouta division, at the last session. It
is now reported again unanimously. It is the case
of an honest man suffering for §14,100 which the
Government withholds from him, and the consid-
eration for which it received two years ago. I hope
the Senate will pass the bill at once.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It. provides for the payment to Albert
brown, of Kingston, New Hampshire, of §14,000
in full for one hundred Army wagons manufac-
tiiicd by him under a contract made with Mori is
S. Miller, quartermaster of the United States
Army, dated July 1,1861, and duly delivered to
the older of the Quartermaster General, dated
August 13. 1861.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the report made by Mr.
H own on the 20th of January, lSG'.i, from which
it appears that the petitioner claims pay for one
hundred Army wagons manufactured tor*the Gov-
ernment under a contract made with Moiris S.
Miller, of the quartermaster's depai tment, which
was entered into on the 1st of July, 186]. The
wagons were to be builtaccordingto specifications
contained in the contract, which are very full and
minute.
The contract, contains clauses which provide
that the work might be inspected from time to
time as it progressed by an officer or agent of the
quartermaster's department, and that none of it
should be painted until it had been inspected and
appiovcd by the officer ur agent authorized Lo in-
spect it. When finished, painted, and accepted
by an officer or agent of the quartermaster's de-
partment', and delivered as therein agreed, they
would be paid for. The wagons, boxes, &e.,
were to bo stored at Kingston,"New Hampshne,
at such place as the quartermaster or his agent
might designate, and the contractor was to assist
in taking them apart for shipping. It was agreed
that forty of the wagons, complete, should be
ready lor delivery on or before the 31st day of
July, 1861, and the remainder on the 31st day of
August, 1861.
The evidence in the case shows that on the day
of the date of the contract Ma jor Miller appointed
Mr. W. C. Patten, of Kingston, the agent of the
| department to inspect the wagons, instructing
• him, at the same time, in writing, how to inspect,
I and what sort ofa cei tificate to give. Oil the same
, day Major Miller addressed to Mr. Brown, the
' contiactor, a note in the following terms:
'■ MR: Phe w.sitons to he larinnhieitu oil umtrr your con-
t>art with the United SMtciot'llus d.ite should he --liippal
'Vie i' ordered by Hie QuaiO'i master Oeiieial.ou bilhsof lad-
ing or laiiroad iccoipH taken in duplicate ; 'one to be heut
by yon to tile consignee, the othoi to lie *e>it, with your
('eitini'atfs of ui-pei'tio.i ,uid bill r,f w.uiun-. t.i the Qu,u-
ti'iniasiei G 'neiai. The lull ot hiding i^ proof of d'divciy."
On the J,<i]i day of August, 18G1, the Q,uarter-
m.istei Genera!, by letter of that date, directed the
