mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLQBS.
April 9,
known under the corporate name of the " con-
federate States." He held it to be idle to regard
individualsas making war. " Warismade,"said
he, " by chartered or corporate communities, by
nations or States."
- et When an insurrection becomes sufficiently formidable
to entitle tho party to belligerent rights, it places the con-
tending Powers oil precisely the same footing as foreign na-
tions at war with each other." * * * *
No one acquainted with the magnitude of this contest
can deny to it the character of a civil n-ar. For nearly three
-years the contederate States have maintained their decla-
ration of independence by force of arms."
* * ***-.***
u What, then, is, the effect of this public war between
these belligerent, these foreign nations? Bciore this war
the parties were bound together by a compact, by a treaty
called a'Constitution.' They acknowledged the validity
of municipal laws mutually bmdmgon each. This war lias
cut asunder ail these ligaments, abrogated all the obliga-
tions."
"What, then, is the effect of this public war
between these belligerent, these foreign nations?"
Foreign nations! Foreign? Why? Because not
under our Constitution, but alien from it by the
maintenance of their independence by force of
arms. Nations? Having all the autonomy and
independence of a belligerent Power in Europe.
Yet for these sentiments, who had the courage to
question, censure, or propose to expel the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania? Ah! he is a Republican,
and 1ms a dispensation from the higher powers
to recognize by his logic (which my colleague
unhappily followed) the existence of the South
asa separate nation. He is the loader of that side
of the House, and may debate without question
these momentous issues. My colleague [Mr.
Long] followed him in his premises, although he
drew another conclusion. The only difference
was between a Democrat and an abolitionist.
JN'ow, 1 ask my colleague [Mr. Garfield]
whether he (lid not vote for a gentleman in Ohio for
Lieutenant Governor who held the same doctrine
of recognizing the southern confederacy ? 1 refer
to Lieutenant Governor Stanton, who announced
that doctrine on this floor. lie never was ex-
ymlled for it. No one sought then to abudgehis
free debate. I heard his remarks. I will semi
them up to be read before my colleague answers
the question.
Mr, GARFIELD. If the gentleman will allow
me, they e/tn as well be read afterwards.
Mr. COX. Let them be read now.
The Clerk rend as follows;
"Mr. Sjie.'tkei, wlnn th'rc \v«rc fifteen slavHioldlng
States acknowledging allegiance to the. Kednal Govern-
ment, and theiefore having in their hands the power to
protect themselves a«Min>t any invasion of their lights on
the part of thu Fetlcinl Government, it \vn« a ni.ufei of veiy
little consequence whethei -uohan amendment a- that was
litem pot <it"d in the Constitution <>i not. I>ut the state oj
the eouiiuy i* mw radn ally and essentially elian^ed. fc^even
or eight Slates now deny their allegiance to tins Govern-
ment, have organized a separate eonlederaey, and have
declined then independence of this Government. Whether
that independence if to he maintained or not u with the
future. If they shall maintain Uicii position, and t-usl.un
the authorities theielbr a >eai or two to com c, so as to show
that nothing but <t wa  of subjugation and conquest can
h)iiig them back, I, for one, am disposed to recognize that
independence."—- Congressional Globe, Februaiy 23, 1801,
page 1J35. *
Mr. COX. 1 will now yield to my colleague
to say whether h'e did not vote for that man as
Lieutenruu Governor of Ohio after it was known
throughout the State that he thus favored the in-
dependence of this confederacy?
Mr. GARFIELD. I answer my colleague that
I did not vote for that gentleman nor for any can-
didate on the ticket that fall, for the simple reason
that 1 was in the Army, if I had been in Ohio I
should have voted for that gentleman, and I do
not excuse myself on any other ground than the
simple lack of being present at the time of the
election,
JN'ow, allow me to say that there was a large
class of men on both sides of the political,ques-
tions of that day, who in the beginning of this war
felt a doubt whether it was not better to let these
people alone for a time, hoping that reason mi^ht
return them by delay. There were others who
aaid" we cannot leavethemalone;"and to that class
belonged a number of distinguished gentlemen in
the pmties on both sides. That is one thing. But
now, after that question has been adjudicated,
after the great American people has determined on
war and determined on putting down the rebel-
lion, after three years of war have passed, and
when are almost in the hour of daylight and
victory, to arise now and throw up the contest is
treason.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I only asked the
gentleman to answer my question, not to go off
into a definition of what is treason in his judg-
ment. I would rather take the constitutional
definition of treason. I do not think my friend
takes the Constitution as his authority, for he
has said twice on this floor that he would over-
leap that Constitution. When you talk of treason,
and in the same breath talk of overleaping the
Constitution, you are the traitor, if there be such
a traitor in this House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman tell me
what question it is that he desires I shall an-
swer?
Mr. COX. I do not ask the gentleman any
more questions. I am satisfied with his position.
It is enough that I have shown that he is not the
man to vote for the expulsion of any memberfor
expressing sentiments in favor of the recognition
of this southern confederacy. It is not for him who
would have voted for a man who was in favor,
in advance of war, of the recognition of the south-
ern confederacy—and who* thus encouraged the
rebels to proceed in their rebellion when it was
in its bud—to reflect upon gentlemen on this side
of the House who have voted against secession,
against recognition, and in favor of sustaining
the war for the Union upon the proper policy.
Itis notforhim to censure oroxpel my colleague,
when he has declared that he himself would in
some cases overleap the Constitution.
Mr. GAllFlELl). I only desire to say that
my colleague misrepresents me, 1 presume unin-
tentionally, when he says that I have on two dis-
tinct occasions declared my readiness to overleap
the Constitution. That 1 may set myself and him
right on that question, 1 will .say, once for all, that
1 have never uttered such h sentiment. What 1
have uttered is this: when asked if I would, under
any circumstances, override the Constitution, i
said this, and this only—piemising, as I believed,
that the Constitution was ample enough of itself
to put down this rebellion, that Us powers were
most capacious, and there was no need to over-
ride it—that if such a time ever should come that
the poweis of the Constitution were not sufficient
to sustain the Union, if that impossible supposition
should ever prove true, [laughter from the Dem-.
oeialic side of the House,] then 1 would say that
we have n right to do our solemn duty under God
and go beyond the Constitution to save the cre-
ators of the Constitution. •
Mr. COX. 1 am informed by the members
around me, and I think that the report of my
colleague's remarks will show it in the Globe,
that he put no condition like that he makes now. I
uskg^ntiemen on both sides whether rc\y colleague
ever qualified his remarks by saying tliat it would
be forever impossible m the future for the Con-
stitution to be infringed by making war. Why
make the statement of overleaping the Constitu-
tion if it be forever impossible todo it in carrying
on this war?
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I said so in answer to the
question of my colleague now upon the floor. I
said so, secondly, in answer to thegentleman from
Illinois, and put the same question to him. I ex-
plained it in the same way. The gentleman is at
liberty to look at the manuscript, which I have
not yet .seen, and may quote from it.
Mr. COX. I have only the Chronicle's report
of the debate of yesterday. Perhaps it is good
authority for the members on the other side. I
will quote from its report:
"Mr. Garfield then controverted Ins colleagues po-
rtion. The issue was now made up. We should use the
common weapons of war. If with those wo should not
succeed, he would take means, as he would against the
savage who attacked himself or family. - lie would tesort
to any element of destruction, and, if nreessary, lie would
fling ail constitutional sanctions to the winds rather than
lose his countiy."
Is there anything about" impossible" conditions
there?
Mr. GARFIELD. "If necessary;" there is
the condition.
Mr. COX. No, sir, it is not there.
Mr. GARFIELD. It is there.
Mr. COX. No, it is not there.
Mr. GARFIELD. I appeal to the Speaker
whether it is not upon his lips hot and wet?
Mr. COX. That is in regard to the last sen-
tence. [Laughter.] There is nothing about the
impossibility of the Constitution proving insuffi-
cient to put down the rebellion, and in which case
alone he would overleap it. Overleap an impos-
sibility ! I would like to see the performance.
Another question. I remember that my col-
league, on the confiscation bill, said that he would
under certain circumstances overleap the Consti-
tution. What did he mean then by that? In that
debate his language was precisely this:
" I would not break the Constitution at all, unless it should
become nccessary to overleap its barriers to save the Gov-
ernment and the Union."
Nothing about the impossibility of ever break-
ing the Constitution, not a word or syllable, for
he contemplates its breach for certain purposes.
My colleague cannot escape from the dilemmaiu
which he is placed. And yet he undertakes to
make political capital out of the speech of my col-
league from the second district after such decla-
rations ! If he does not) gentlemen on that side of
the House do. They are, I learn, subscribing
for that speech by hundreds and thousands to dis*
tribute it for partisan purposes; and yet they havr
advocated the very heresies upon which they
ground the present accusation, and give them cir-
culation by sending out the speech of my col-
league. 1 want it understood that the Repub-
lican members who have favored recognition and
favored the men who favored it, are now striving
to expel a member for the same license of speech
which they have indulged; that at home they
have favored for high offices a public character
who took ground in favor of recognizing the re*
bellion if it should maintain itself " for a year or
two." I might well ask my colleague, in view of
his position, whether he did not know that those
were the s^timents of Governor Stanton when
he would nave voted for him if he had been
at home? To come to the question; was he not
thus committed to the policy of dissolving the
Union if the rebellion could sustain itself for a
year or two ? Then I ask him, how much better
is he than the member whom he seeks to expel?
Wherein does he differ from that member upon
this subject of recognizing lawlessness? More*
than that; the gentleman's party in Ohio favored
Benjamin Stanton for Lieutenant Governorknow-
ing his sentiments to be similar to those attributed
to my colleague. More than that; they elected a
man Senator from Ohio who had uttered the same
sentiments as the sentiments of that party. He
is the personal and political friend of my colleague.
1 mean Senator Wade. 1 will send his remarks
to the Clerk's desk to be read, that we may know
who are in favor of dissolution and recognition.
• The Clerk read as follows, from the Congres-
sional Globe of the third session of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, page 25:
" Cut southern gentlemen stand here, and, in almost all,
their speeches, speak of the dissolution of the Union as an
element of every argument, as though It were a peculiar
condescension on their pan that they permitted the Union
to stand at all. If they do not feel interested in upholding
this Union, if it really trenches on their rights, if it endan-
gers their institutions to such an extent that they cannot
feel secure under it, if their interests are violently assailed
by means of this Union, I ain not one of those who expect
that they will long continue under it. / amnotone of those
who would ask them to continue in such a Union. It would
be doing violence to the platform of the parly to which I be-
long. We have adopted the old Declaiation of Independ-
ence a-? the ha*.is of our political movement, winch declares
that any people, when their Government ceases to protect
their rights, when itis so subverted from the true purposes
of government as to oppress them, have the right to recur
to fundamental principles, and, if need be, to destroy the
Government under which they live, and to erect on its ruini
another more conducive to their welfare. I hold (hat they
have this right, J vill not blame any people Jor exercising
it, whenever they think the contingency has^come. I certainly
shall be the advocate of that same doctrine whenevei I find
that the principles of this Government have become so op-
pressive to the section to which I belong that a free people
ought not longer to endure it. You will not then find me
backwaid in being the advocate of disunion; but that con-
tingency never having come, t have never yet opened my
mouth m opposition to the Union. I have never enter-
tained a thought disloyal to this Union. But I say, for
Heaven's sake, act, not talk. I am tired of this eternal din  
of'dissolution of the Union' which brought up on all oc-
casions and thrust mtoour faces as though we of the North
had some peculiar reasons lor maintaining the Union that
the southern States have not. I hope the Union will con-
tinue forever. I believe it may continue forever. I see
nothing at present which I think should dissolve it; but if
the gentlemen see it, I say again that they have the same
interest In maintaining tlii? Union, in my judgment, that
