1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
we of the North have. If they think they have not, be it
so. You cannot forcibly hold men in this Union; for the at-
tempt to do so, it seems to me, would subvert the first prin-
ciples of the Government under which we live."
Mr. COX. Now, there is the broadest doctrine
laid down in favor of the right of revolution and
against the right of coercion. "It would be do-
ing violence to the platform of the party to which
I belong," gays the Republican leader of Ohio,
"to ask the South to continue in such a Union."
'"You cannot forcibly hold men in this Union—
itwould subvert the first principles of the Govern-
ment." Ah! you reelected him Senatorafter those
avowals, and now would you expel men for the
same avowals? If they are treason in a Repre-
sentative what are they in a Senator?
I ask my colleague if he did riot sustain that
Senator? Did he not vote for him for Senator,
or would he not have voted for him?
Mr. GARFIELD. I had not the pleasure of
voting for the distinguished Senator from north-
ern Ohio, but itwould have given me great pleas-
ure, and had I had that privilege 1 should have
enjoyed it and acted upon it.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman approve of Sen-
ator Wade's doctrine?
Mr. GARFIELD. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. COX. With great pleasure.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to send to the desk
to be read 
[Cries of "No! ""No!"]
Mr. COX. If it does not come out of my time
I will not object. [Cries of " Well! " "Well! "
and "No! "'"No! "]
Mr. GARFIELD. I recall the paper.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman indicate what
it is?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will only say in refer-
ence to this colloquy that if I cannot make my
part of the colloquy as I choose, I will make it
when the gentleman has concluded his remarks.
Mr. COX. The gentleman can have the paper
read if he pleases. I shrink from no responsibil-
ity in this debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to have read an au-
thority which the gentleman himself 1 think ac-
knowledges. It is upon the same point that has
just been in debate between us, and when it is
• read I have only a word to say.
Mr. COX. Who is the authority?
Mr. GARFIELD. Thomas Jefferson.
The Clerk read as follows:
Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to J. B. Colvin, Sep-
tember SO, 1810, says:
"The question you propose, whether circumstances do
not sometimes occur winch make it a duty in officers of
high trust to assume authorities beyond the law, is easy of
solution in piineiple, but sometimes embairassing in piac-
tice. A strict observance of the written laws is doubtless
one of the highest duties of a good citizen, hut it 1^ notthc
highest. The law-* of necessity, of self-pieservation, of
saving our country when m danger, arc of higher obliga-
tion. To lose oiu country by a .scrupulous adherence to
written law would be to lose the law itM:lf, with life, lib-
erty, property, and all those who are enjoying them with
*Yis S thus absolutely saciificing the end to tiie means.—Jef-
ferson's Works, voL 5, p. 542.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have only to state that
that paper states, more ably and more eloquently
than { can, the very doctrine which I have uttered,
and for which the gentleman condemns me.
Mr. COX. Wow, I do not know as to the au-
thenticity af thatquotation presented by the gen-
tleman, but if the gentleman quotes it for the pur-
pose of vindicating the lawlessness against the
United States authorities which has been rampant
in that part of Ohio where he lives, just as it was
prevalent in South Carolina, I doubt if Jefferson
would have sanctioned such a pernicious and dis-
organizing practice. I know the gentleman and
his party are in favor of a higher law than the Con-
stitution, or the laws made in pursuance thereof,
when, in their opinion, those laws impinge upon
their consciences. But I deny all such seditious
and anarchical doctrine. Notwithstandingevery
authority, whether it be from Jefferson, Wade,
or my colleague, I deny utterly the right of any
one, secessionist or abolitionist, to infract or nul-
lify any law of the United States or any clause of
its Constitution, for any purpose. I am in favor
of the enforcement of the laws everywhere equally
upon every citizen of the United States. But my
colleague takes the other ground, and quotes Jef-
ferson to sustain it. But with such a lawless
programme how can he vote for the expulsion of
my friend from Ohio bccause, as it is alleged, he
maintained the same principle? How can a de-
fender of law-breakers expel another for recog-
nizing the breach of the very fundamental law of
the Union ?
But I asked my colleague a question to which
he did not respond. It was whether he was in
faror of the sentiments of Senator Wade in refer-
ence to the right of revolution and against coer-
cion. He said he would have voted for him.
Where does that place my colleague? In the cate-
gory of my friend from Cincinnati, according to
the allegation. How, then, can my colleague vote
for the expulsion of a man who agrees with him
and with his Senator; and who agrees with an-
other and the principal light of the Republican
pafty? Horace Greeley in his paper states what
1 will send to the Clerk to be read for the informa-
tion of the gentleman. ,
The Clerk read the following from the New
York Tribune of the 2d of March, 1861:
"We have repeatedly said, and we once more insist, that
the great principle embodied by Jefferson in the Declaration
of Independence, thatGovernments derive theirjust powers
from the consent of the governed, is sound andjust; and
that, if the slave States, the cotton States,oi the Gulf.States
only, choose to form an independent nation, they have a
moral right to do so
Mr. COX. Now, I ask myjcolleaguc whether
he favors that doctrine of Horace Greeley? He
has been hitherto very prompt to answer. I have
given him every chance. He has nocxcusenow,
and I beg my friend of the Abyssinian joke [laugh-
ter] not to interrupt him. I ask my friend if "he
agrees with Mr. Greeley in the doctrine which he
laid down?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will say to the gentleman
that I did not attend to the reading.
Mr. COX. My colleague is generally very
sharp in hearing everything that falls from this
side of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope my friend will not
intimate in any way whatever that I am not per-
fectly willing to answer every question he sees fit
to propound to me.
Mr. COX. 1 will have it read again for the
benefit of my colleague, for I have respect for the
opinion of my collcaguc.
The article was again read.
Mr. COX. I ask my colleague whether he be-
lieves in that " moral right of the Gulf or cotton
States to make an independent nation r"
Mr. GARFIELD. I am perfectly willing to
answer the gentleman, if he will proceed with his
own remarks, and I can then get the floor. I
would prefer to answer him categorically then.
Mr. COX. I will give the gentleman a chance
to answer as I go along. It is so much more in-
teresting. I like that dramatic and vivacious form
of debate. My colleague is so apt and ready in
debate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I prefer to wait until the
gentleman is through.
Mr. COX. I am afraid people will draw a
wrong conclusion from my colleague's refusal to
answer. He may not get a chance to answer to-
day. But as he seems unwilling, I ask the priv-
ilege of printing a few more extracts from the
great editorial light of his party, Mr. Greeley,
in reference to letting the southern States go. No-
body ever attempted to expel him out of the Re-
publican party for such sentiments.
" If the cotton Stales shall become satisfied that they can
do better out of the Union than in it, we in->r<t on the let-
ting them go in peace. Thought to secede may be a revo-
lutionary one, but it exists nevertheless." * * *
" We must ever icsist the ri«iu of any estate to remain in the
Union and nullify or defy Hie laws thereof. To withdraw
from the Union is, quite anothcrmntter; whenever a consid-
erable seetion of our Union chilli deliberately resolve to gn
out, we shall resist all coercive measures designed to keep
it in. We hope never to live m aiepubhc whereof one sec-
tion is pinned to another by bayonets."—Tribune of No-
vember 9, I860.
" If the cotton States unitedly and earnestly wish to with-
draw peacefully from the Union, we think tiicy should and
would be allowed to do so. Any attempt to compel them
by force to remain would be contrary to the principles
enunciated in the immortal Declaration of Independence-
contrary to the fundamental ideas on which human hbeity
is bitted."—Tribune. November 26. i860.
"If it (the Decimation of independence) justified the
frece&Mon from the Bntis-ii Empire of three milium colo-
nist in 1776, we do not see why it would not justify the
secession of five million southrons fnun the Union m 1851 "
Tnbu)ie} December 17, lct>0.
Wheuuver it fchall br cicar that the gieat body of the
southern people h-ive become conclusively niu nwd from
the Union, and anxious to escape hom it, we wnl di> our
best to fot v\aid their views/'—Tirf/vnc, ]?'cbriu:ry £3,3SOI.
Can it be possible thatsuch opinions have been
uttered and the paper not tfftppreSsed? Can it feS
that members who read it ap]*rdV'ir*g!y#-day fey
day, seek to expel a member of this Mouse fot
copying its worst features? Why was not the
Constitution "overleaped" to suppress that jour-
nal and exile its editor? Gentlemen opposite
take this journal and swear by it as the gospel tff
emancipation and the exponent of Republican pol-
icy. They cannot get along without it. Why*
then, are they so sensitive when it is alleged that
a Democrat is going in the direction pointed out
by their own shining beacon?
Mr. Speaker, I need not ask my colleague
whether he voted for Abraham Lincoln for Pres-
ident. I know that he did. I do* not know
whether he favors Mr. Lincoln or General Fr€-
mont for the next Presidency, but 1 know that so
far as the past is concerned he is committed to
Mr. Lincoln and to his record and sentiments.
I propose to have read, for the information of my
colleague, an extract from a speech made by Mr.
Lincoln, of Illinois, on the 14th ofFebruary, 1848,
and printed by Gideon & Co. especially for cir-
culation among such gentlemen as my colleague*
Here is the extract, and to it I solicit his atten-
tion. I ask him if he approves of the doctrine.
If ho docs, he cannot consistently vote for the ex-
pulsion of my colleague. The Clerk will read
from the original and genuine document.
The Clerk read as follows, from the pamphlet:
"Any people, anywhere, being inclined and having the .
power,"have a right to rise up and shake off the existing Gov-
ernment and foiiu a new one,that suits them better."
Mr. COX. 1 may be allowed, before the Clerk
reads any further, to call the attention of the dis-
tinguished Speaker to thatextract. He voted for
Mr. Lincoln. Nobody knows whether he is for
him or not now. [Laughter.] I want to ask hifti
whether he approves of the doctrine.
The Clerk read, as,follows:
"This i? a most valuable, a most sacred right, a right
which we hope and beiieve is to liberate the world. Nor
is this right confined to cases in which the whole people of
an existing Government may choose to exercise it. Any
portion of such people that can, may revolutionize and may
make their own so much of the territoiy as they inhabit.
IVIcc than this, a majority of any portion of such peoplo
may revolutionize, putting down a minority intermingled
with or near about them who may oppose their move-
ments."—January 10,1848.
Mr. COX. 1 get no response from theSpeaker.
He must approve of the revolutionary sentiments
of the President and be disgusted with his own
resolution of expulsion. Perhaps he will move
to lay his resolution upon the table, or else vote
to impeach Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me?
Mr. COX. With the greatest pleasure.
Mr. COLFAX. In reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio, I have to repeat that the
gentleman from Indiana upon this side of the
House does not speak in the midst of another
gentleman's spcech by his courtesy, liable to be
stopped by him as the gentleman stopped his col-
league recently; He speaks when he obtains the
floor, and has no secret about his opinions in re-
gard to any subject.
Mr. COX. Oh ! Mr. Speaker, when the lead-
ing man of this House comes down from his high
position to offer a resolution to expel a member
who comes here by the same right that he doe«,
he cannot escape on account of his peculiar dig-
nity. When he descends to this floor, the com-
mon platform of us all, and condescends to mingle
with us in debate, he cannot and shall not escape*
Is he or is he not in favor of the doctrine laid down
by the President in the extracts which have been
read? That is a very simple question. You will
lose no dignity,sir,by answeringit now. [Laugh-
ter.] Wc will look upon you with pride and
pleasure as the Speaker of this House if you wiU
condescend to delight us by evincing your opinion
upon that subject. I pledge myself that you shall
not be interrupted.
Mr. COLFAX. In reply only to the personal
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, I say this
to him: that when I appear upon this floor I do
not condesccnd from that chair. The position of
a member upon this floor is as exulted and re*
sponsible as the position of him who sits in that
chair to administer your rules. The gentleman
brings a reproach upon himself and upon his fel-
low-members upon this floor when he sneers
me and speaks of me, when I appear upon this
