464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator from Iowa called
for a statement of the case when it was^ called up
a yearago. The report was not then finished,but
I made a statement of the case and the Senator
himself was perfectly satisfied with it, and the bill
was passed without any sort of objection from
any quarter. I think I am not mistaken in say-
ing that the Senator from Iowa called for an ex-
planation of the claim. I have myself not the
slightest wish that the case should be acted upon
to-day. I did not ask for it; it was asked for by
the Senator from New Hampshire. I have no
more doubt of the entire justice and equity of this
demand thq.n if the man held the note of hand of
the Government attested by every organ and
every tribunal of the Government; but still if Sen-
ators wish to examine it I shall not object to its
going over.
Mv. CLARK. Let the Senator from Wiscon-^
sin state now what he proposes to state, as hehasl
the matter in charge, and then let it lie over.
Mr. GRIMES [to Mr. Howe.] Say what you
have to say when it comes up.
Mr. CLARK. Just as the Senator from Wis-
consin prefers about that.
Mr. HOWE. I think, as there is a wish to
-have the bill go over, and there is no necessity for
pressing it to action now, I had better not make
any further statement at the present time, but al-
low the report to be printed,as I hope it will be,
with the bill, and give Senators an opportunity
to look at it.
The report was ordered to be printed, and the
further consideration of the bill was postponed
until to-morrow.
AMBULANCE COUPS.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the bill (S. No.
30) to establish a uniform system of ambulances
in the armies of the United States was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the medical director, or
chief medical o/ficer, of eacli Army corps, shall
have the direction and supervision of ail ambu-
lances, medicine wagons, horses, harness, and
other fixtures appertaining thereto, and of all offi-
cers and men who may be detailed or employed
to assist him in the management thereof, in the
Army corps in which lie may be serving; that the
commanding officer of each Army corps shall de-
tail for service in the ambulance corps of such
Army corps one captain, who shall be command-
ant of the ambulance corps; one first lieutenant
for each division in such Ai my corps; one second
lieutenant for each brigade in such Army corps;
one sergeant for each regiment in such Army
corps; three privates for each ambulance, and one
private for each medicine wagon; and the officers
and non-commissioned officers of the ambulance
corps are to be mounted. The officers, non-com-
, missioned officers, and privates so detailed for
each Aimy corps arc to be examined by a board
of medical officers of such Army corps as to their
fitness for such duty; and such asare found to be
not qualified are to be rejected, and others de-
tailed in their stead.
There is to be allowed and furnished, and pei-
manently attached to each regiment of infantry,
three two-horse ambulances; to each regiment of
cavalry two such ambulances; to each battery of
artillery one ambulance; to the headquarteis of
each Army corps two such ambulances; and to
each division two Army wagons; and each ambu-
lance is to be provided with such number of
stretchers and other appliances as shall be pre-
scribed by the Surgeon General. The ambulances
and wagons are to be furnished, so far as puicti-
cable, from the ambulances and wagons now in
the service. The captain is to be the commander
of all the ambulances, medicine and other wagons
in the corps, under the immediate direction of the
.medical director, or chief medical officer, of the
At my corps to which the ambulance corps belongs.
He is to pay special attention to the condition of
the ambulances, wagons, horses, harness, and
other fixtures appertaining thereto, and see that
they are at all times in readiness for service; that
the officers and men of the ambulance corps are
properly instructed in then- duties, and that their
duties aie perfoimed, and that the regulations
which may be prescribed by the Secretary of
Waror the Surgeon General for the government
of the ambulance corps are stiietly observed by
those under his command. It is to be his duty
to institute a drill in his corps, mstiucting his
men in the most easy and expeditious manner^of
moving the sicH and wounded, and to require in
all cases that the sick and wounded shall be treated
with gentleness and care, and that the ambulances
and wagons are'at all times provided with attend-
ants, drivers, horses, and whatever may be neces-
sary for their efficiency; and it is Jo be his duty
also to see that the ambulances are not used for
any other purpose than that for which they are
designed and ordered. It will be the duty of the
medical director or chief medical officer of the
Army corps to issue the proper orders to the cap-
tain for the distribution &f the ambulances for
getting up the sick and wounded previous to and
in time of action, and for the conveyance of the
same while on the march, and it will be the duty
of the captain faithfully and diligently to execute
such orders; and the officers of the ambulance
corps, including the medical director, are to make
such reports from time to time as may be required
by the Secretary of War, the Surgeon General, or
the commanding officer of the Army corps in which
they may be serving.
The first lieutenant assigned to the ambulance
corps for a division is to have complete control,
under the captain of his corps and the medical di-
rector of the Army corps, of all the ambulances,
medicine and other wagons, horses, and men in that
portion of the ambulance corps. He will be the
acting assistant quartermaster for that portion of
the ambulance corps, and will receipt for and be
responsible for all the property belonging to it,
and be held responsible for any deficiency in any-
thing appertaining thereto. He will have a trav-
eling cavalry forge, a blacksmith, and a saddler,
who will bo under his orders, to enable him to
keep his train in order. He will have authority
to draw supplies from the depot quartermaster,
upon requisitions approved by the captain of his
corps and the commander of the Army corps to
which lie is attached; and it shall be his duty to
cxercise a constant supervision over his train in
every particular, and keep it at all times ready for
service.
The second lieutenant will have command of
the portion of the ambulance corps for a brigade,
and will be under the immediate orders of the fust
lieutenant, and he will exercise a careful super-
vision over the sergeants and piivates assigned to
the portion of the ambulance corps for his b  igade;
and it will be the duty of the sergeants to conduct
the drills and inspections of the ambulances of their
respective regiments.
It is to be the duty of the surgeon-in-chief of the
division to detail two medical officeis and two hos-
pital stewards daily, by i osier, to accompany the
ambulances of the division when on the march,
to attend to the sick and wounded in the ambu-
lances, and to see that they are properly cared for;
but no person is to be allowed to enter and ride in
an ambulance after the march is commenced with-
out the written permission of the senior medical offi-
cerof his regiment. No sick or wounded man, who
requiies to be earned in an ambulance, will be re-
jected for wantofsuch written permission, but the
senior sui^eon with the tram will repot t to the sur-
gcon-in-chiefofthe division the name ofthe surgeon
of the regiment who may have neglected or refused
to give such wntten permission. When on the
match, one half of the privates of the ambulance
corps are to accompany, on foot, the am balances to
winch they belong, to render such assistance as
may be lequired. The remainder will march in the
rear of their respective commands, to conduct, un-
der the order of the medical officer, such men as may
be unable to proceed to the ambulances, or who
may be incapable of taking proper care of them-
selves until the ambulances come up. When the
case is of so serious a nature as to require it, the
surgeon ofthe regiment, or his assistant, will re-
main and deliver the man to one of the medical
officers with the ambulances. At all other times the
privates are to bo with their respective trains. The
medicine wagons will, on the march, be in then-
proper places, m the rear of the ambulances for
each brigade. Upon ordinary marches the ambu-
lances andwagons belongingto the tram will follow
immediately in the icar of the division to which
such train isattached. Officers connected with the
corps must be with the train when on the march;
but nothing contained m this bill is to be eonsti ued
to prohibit, the commander ofan army, ofun Army
corps, or of an expedition, on the march, from
giving the necessary orders to meet any exigency
which may aiise.
The ambulances in the armies of the,United
States are to be used only for the transportation
of the sick and wounded, and, jn urgent cases
only, for medical supplies, and all officers are to
be prohibited from using them, or requiring them
to be used, for any other purpose. It will be the
duty of the officers of the ambulance corps to re-
port to the commander of the Army corps any vio-
lation of this provision, or any attempt to violate
the same. And any officer who shall use an am-
bulance, or require it to be used, for any other
purpose than as provided in this bill, for the first
offense is to be publicly reprimanded by the com-
mander of the Army corps in which he may be
serving, and for the second offense be dismissed
from the service. In all cases when ambulances
are used the officers, non-commissioned officers,
and men belonging to them will accompany them.
When ambulances are required for the transpor-
tation of sick or wounded at division, brigade, or
regimental headquarters, they may be obtained,
as they are needed for that purpose, from the di-
vision train, but no ambulances belonging to this
corps are to be retained at such headquarters.
Whenever it may be necessary for a regimental
medical officer to use one or more ambulances for
transporting sick or wounded, or to accompany
an expedition where they may be required for
that purpose, he will make a requisition upon the
first lieutenant ofthe ambulance corps for his di-
vision, whose duty it will be to comply with the
requisition. No person except the proper medi-
cal officers, or the officers, non-commissioned offi-
cers, and privates of the ambulance corps are to be
permitted to take or accompany sick or wounded
men to the rear, either on the march or upon the
field of battle. The officers, non-commissioned
officers, and privates of the ambulance corps will
be designated in such manner as the Secretary of
War shall deem proper. Officers and men may
be relieved from service in the corps, and others
detailed to the same, subject to the examination
provided in the second section, in the discretion
of the commanders of the armies in which they
may be serving.
The first amendment of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia was to insert, after
the word " shall," in line four of section one, the
words, " under the control of the medical director
of the army to which such Army corps belongs."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six of section
one to insert, after the word " medicine," the
woids "and other;" so as to read, "medicine
and other wagons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
two, after the word 44 detail," to insert" officers
and enlisted men."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, after
the wotd " corps," in line three, to insert " upon
the following basts, namely:'5
The amendment, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine of section
two, to strike out the word "medicine'5 before
" wagon."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamondment was in section three,lines
two, three, four, and five, to stuke out the words,
" and permanently attached to each regiment of
infantry, three two-horse ambulances; to each
regiment of cavalry, two such ambulances; to
each battel y of artillery, one ambulance," and in
lien of them to inset t these wotds:
To fitcli Army cot t wo-horf-e aiiilMiinuccs, upon the fol-
low in? Ims-i1-, namely : three to each regiment ot mfantiy of
J jve bundled men oi more ; two to each ivynmmtoi infantry
oi two hundred men oi mote; and one to earli U'limieatof
infanliy of !o<.s than two hundred men ; two to cadi resji-
metu oi eavaliy oi'tive bundled men or moie; ami rme'to
each K'giment'of eav.tiiy ot le-s than five bundled men;
one to each battciy oi attilh ij—-to wliicli battery of amllcry
It shall be peinnijently attached.
Mr.WILSON. I desire to make a slight amend-
mentin that amendment. Instead ofi-eading" two
to each regiment of infantry of two hundred men
ormore," I propose to make it read, " two to each
regiment of infantry of more than two hundred
and less than five hundred men." It only ex-
presses tiie idea more clearly.
Theamendment to the amendment was adopted;
and the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
