3462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
Mr. CHANDLER. I am very anxious to
listen to the Senator from Maryland, i know he
will enlighten the Senate. 1 do not desire to dis-
cuss it myself.^
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not in a condition to
discuss it now. I am not the only one who de-
sires to do so. There are three or four other
speeches to be made. We have hardly time now
to get through "with the business which must be
transacted before we adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall make no speech
upon this bill, I am simply anxious for a vote.
1 will consent to take the vote without one single
word being said by either side. I do not believe
that any speech that can be made will affecta vote
one way or the other. The friends of the bill will
occupy no time. It is a House bill; it is a very
short bill; and I see no reason on earth why we
should not pass it in ten minutes. If me Senator
from Maryland desires to enlighten the Senate I
shall be most happy to listen to him from now
until daylight to-morrow morning if he requires
so much time. I certainly will not limit the de-
bate; but 1 assure him there will be no response
from me or from the friends of the measure. I
hope he will let us have a vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 know the courtesy of the
honorable member from Michigan will listen to
any speech any Senator might wish to make,and
if the Senatoi desires to speak he will make a
speech on any subject he desires to speak about.
This, to be sure, is a House bill; but it docs not
follow from lhat that itis tobeadopted. The bill
we have just disposed of is a House bill; but it
goes back to the House a very different bill from
what it was when it came to the Senate; it is al-
together changed. The bill to which the honor-
able member adverts is a bill that contains prin-
ciples infinitely more extensive than the mere
operation of the bill itself, and I am satisfied that
it cannot be disposed of without along discussion.
There arc constitutional questions presented by
it winch deserve the veiy grave consideration of
the Semite. It is now late; we are very much
exhnusied; at least I think all the Semite are ex-
hausted in a great measure; and 1 therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope not. I should like
at any rate to get this hill up, so that jt may be
the first business in order to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Maryland insist on his motion?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. M e DOUG ALL called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The St creiary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILSON. I would boveryglad to have
on executive session for a few moments in order
to makf some reports.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to debate.
Mr. WILSON. It will take but a moment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFIC'ER. The call will
proceed
Mr IIOWE. I hope the Senate will indulge
me m saying that there is a bill coming from the
House of Representatives in a few minutes, which
it is very desirable should be taken to the Presi-
dent to-night, and if you can wait fifteen minutes
it will be heie.
Mr. GRIMES. It is too hot to stay here.
Mr. HOWE. It will only take fifteen minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for a vote.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I appeal to the honorable
Senator from Maryland to withdraw the motion
for a short time.
Mr. POWELL. I be! ieve there has been an
answer to the roll-call.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Nobody has answered.
Mr. Anthony's name was called, but he did not
answer.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the with-
drawal.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the courtesy of the
Senate to be permitted to make a statement.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to any argu-
ment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is no argument, but a
statement.
Mr. HALE. I object. ii
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. Objection be- !|
ing made, the call will proceed. j
The Secretary continued and concluded the call
of the roll on the motion to adjourn.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before an-
nouncing the result on the motion to adjourn, the
Chair will lay before the Senate ajoirit resolution
from the House of Representatives with a view to
have it referred to a committee.
The joint resolution (No. 117) authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to settle and pay the claim
of Anthony Sweeting, late pilot of the United
States steamer Juniata, was read twice by its title.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to pass that bill now. It is a bill to pay
a colored man in Nassau for piloting our vessels.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be considered at the present
time. It will be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
CAPTAIN DANIEL IIEBARD.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will also lay bofoie the Senate the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 43) authorizing the settlement of the
accounts of the late Captain Daniel Hebard of
the United States volunteers.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the joint
resolution, but was interrupted by
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to any legislative
business. There is not a quorum here, and that
is evidently a matter of some importance.
The result of the vote on the motion to adjourn
was then announced—yeas 23, nays 12; as fol-
lows:
YI1AS—Messrs. Brown, Oonnos«5, Davis, Foster,
Climes-, Hale, Hailati, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson,
Lime ol 1 luiiana, Morgan, I'omeioy, Powell. Ramsey, Kicli-
auls-on, lluldle, £uulsbuiy,Simi2ue, Trumbull, Vim Winkle,
and Wiiley—i>3.
NAYS—Mex-rs. Chandler, Clark, Doolntle, Howe, Lane
of Kunt-.is, MeDoiiKdJI, Mnnill, Shemian, rtuirmer, Ten
Kyck, Wad-', and Wilkinson—!•>.
ABSENT—Mo-mn Anthony, Bnckalew, Collamer,
Cowan, l)r.\on, l«Vs<;ciide , Fuoij Hauling, Harris, IJieks,
llouanl, WiloOn, and Wijglit—It.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 1, 1864.
The Hou.se met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Fkrree.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. HOLM AN. i suggest that by unanimous
consent the House resume the consideration of
the business on the Speaker's table.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WASHIjURNE, of Illinois, I rise to a
quest ion of privilege. I call up the motion tore-
consider the vote by which the Pacific telegraph
bill was refened to the select committee on that
su bject.
Mr. HOLMAN. I raise the point of order
that the House having given unanimous consent
to proceed to other business, the question of priv-
ilege coil not override that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message fiom the Senate, by Mr. Uickey,
its Chief Clerk, requested the House to leturnto
the Senate House bill No. 549, further to regulate
and provide for the enrolling and calling out the
national foices, and for other purposes, with the
amendment of the Senate thereto, to correct an
error in the engrossment of said amendment.
The message was submitted to the House, and
it was ordered that the request of the Senate be
complied with.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this subject privileged to
come up at this time?
The SPEAKER. Itis; the rulepresciibcs that
in taking up business on the Speaker's table bills
from the House with Seriate amendments shall
fake precedence.
The House thereupon proceeded to a consider-
ation of thejoint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to refer
the claim of Nahum Ward back to the Court of j
Claims; winch was taken from the Speaker's :
table, the question being on concurring with the !
amendment to add to the joint resolution as
follows:
Provided, That said court shall allow no larger amount
than the sum heretofore allowed by said court.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will con-
cur in thatamendment. It is manifestly a proper
amendment. The bill itself was referred to the
Committee of Claims and reported on by that com-
mittee. The bill is right, and I hope the amend-
ment will be concurred in. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. LE BLOND. I supposed last night after
offering my amendment that the House was about
to adjourn, and notbeingwell I left for my home.
Since that time I have learned that a vote was
taken upon my proposition, and I now ask per-
mission to record my vote.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then I will say that had I
been here I should have voted in the affirmative;
and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania
for his courtesy. [Laughter.]
Mr. COFFROTIi. I ask permission to record
my vote upon the same proposition.
Mr. ANCONA. I object.
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
House bill (No. 511) to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrillas, and for other
purposes, was taken from the Speaker's table,
the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate. The Senate amended the
bill first by making the words "guerrilla and"
read "guerrilla marauders." They also added a
section at the end of the bill providing that when
a soldier sick in hospital shall have been dis-
chargedfrom military service and shall die in con-
sequence of such sickness or wounds, he shall
he deemed to have died in the military service.
Also, an additional section providing that pay-
ments which have been made by paymasters to
non-commissioned officers in volunteer regiments
from the date of enlistment but previous to their
being mustered into the service of the United
States shall be authorized, and that such paymas-
ters shall be credited with such payments in the
settlement of their accounts; also providing that
the term "guerrilla marauder" mentioned in the
j act shall not be construed as applying to persona
belonging to the regularly organized forces of the
enemy.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to call the attention
of the House to this amendment of the Senate in
relation to soldiers who have died in hospitals
after being discharged. - I think the same pro-
vision has been made upon another bill which is
before the House; and I trust that gentlemen will
avoid the duplication of this section by striking
it out in one bill or the other.
Mr. GARFIELD. There are two or three
amendments to this bill which the Military Com-
mittee desire to have arranged differently, and I
hope, therefore, the House will non-concur in the
amendments of the Senate, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. I10LMAN. I trust that this section may
be concurred m first.
Mr. GARFIELD. The section needs to be
carefully worded, and I think it had better be
considered by a committee of conference.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman, however,
seems to concur in 'he propriety of the amend-
ment, and I think, therefore, it had better be con-
curred in.
Mr. FENTON. I am in favor of the proposi-
tion embodied in this section, but I think, with
the gentleman from Ohio, that all the amendments
had better go to a committee of conference. The
committee will certainly consider itself instructed
by the House on this point, and will without
doubt insist on retaining the provision in sub-
stance.
The amendments of the Senate were non-con-
curred in, and a committee of conference re-
quested upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments of the Senate were
non-concurred in and u committee of confercncc
