1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3463
requested; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXES IN INSURRECTIONARY DISTRICTS.
An act (S. No. 171) further to amend an act
entitled "An act for the collection of direct taxes
in insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved June
17,1862, was next taken from the Speaker's table,
having been laid over from yesterday evening.
Mr. FENTON. I do not know upon whom
it Talis to take charge of this bid arid make a proper
explanation in regard to it. It is not the bill I
had in charge. 1 think, however, it la a bill which
should" be passed. If there be no objection, i
will move that it be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with authority to report at
any time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LANDS.
An act (S. No. 228) providing for satisfying
claims for bounty lands, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second tune, or-
dered to a third reading; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGIIT COMPANY.
An act (S. No. 336) to amend an act incorpor-
ating fhe Washington Gas-Light Company, and
for other purposes.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I move
to refer that bill to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I should like
to have that bill considered now, and I will send
to the Clerk's desk a letter to be read fur the in-
formation of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Office Washington Gas-Light Company,
June l29, 1&64.
Dear Sir: Tins G;is Light Company has been aciuaily
losing money every day for nearly twelve months, and that
loss ia continual)} Inci easing. We arc now pajing one hun-
dred per cent, more for coal, labor, iron, retoi ts, and every
oilier article used in the manufacture of ga« than I wo years
ago when the present rates for gas were fixed, and unless
we can get relief iiom Congress this scst-ion wiil be com-
pelled to close oui works before Dec-ember. A bill passed
the Senate unanimously yesteid.iy giving an increase of
only fifteen per cent., and making the pi ice less than in
3861 ; but we are content vvuiut: (three dollar* net.) There
are four hundred and forty-fiveg?is companies in the United
States, of which lour hundred and twenty-six receive over
three dollars, and all the ottieis have taken steps to put the
price to tlio<e figures. It i> to the interest of every com-
pany to i>ell gas as cheap as possible,but we cannot affoid
to lose jnoin-y we arc now doing. The p«irv.Uueof our
stock is twenty dollars per chaieon the gold standard, and
it is now offered at nineteen dollars in paper, and no pur-
chasers. A great propoition of it is held by widows, or-
phan:., and trustees who rely upon their dividends lortup-
poi t, which we have not made or declared for nearly twelve
months, and never will at present puces. There is no
other article, fiom the cradle to the coffin, that can be pio-
cured at the same co*t as three years ago, except gas,
which we are required to sell at fifty-tour cents per thou-
sand less than then, and we are willing to furnish it at fif-
teen cents less.
We cannot think it is the intention of the House to de-
stroy this company by requiring it to turnishgas atso great
a los<, oi to put the city in daikness by closing the wmk-*,
yet thi* miis-t be the inevitable result unless your honora-
ble body will at once pass the Senate bill.
X have the honor, &c., J. F. BROWN,
Secretary in ckargc.
Hon. J. B. Steele, Chairman, 4'c.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand that there is a provision in that bill increas-
ing the fare on the passenger railways two cents.
LMr. STEELE, of New Yoik. There is such
a provision, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Morris] is upon the floor to move to strike it out.
i will say,Mr. Speaker, that this bill has been
considered by the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and that I am authorized by the ma-
jority of that committee to move to put it on its
passage.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire. I think
it ought to be referred to that committee.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope it will be acted on now.
It is late in the session and the bill has already
been considered by that committee.
Mr. PATTERSON. This matter has been
three times before this House during this session,
and after full and deliberate discusNion been \ oted
down. Now it comes before the House for the
fourth time just on the heel of the session. It is
well known if this passes it will increase the ex-
pense to the Government §30,000 during the com-
ing year. I do not care to go over the discussion.
I have considered it fully and have seen no cause
to believe that what I stated in the discussion be-
fore the House is not true. It seems to me it
would be vastly better to refer this subject to the
Committee for the District of Columbia for con-
sideration.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN, I would like to ask the
gentleman one question. Is this one of that class
of companies which has watered stock—the
stock of which does not represent the actual cost
incurred? If it is the company with watered stock
1 would never increase its pay.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 49,
noes 43.
Mr. DAWSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were otdered; and Messrs. Rollins of
New Hampshire, and Dawson, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 45.
So the bill was referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia
Mr. PATTERSON moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be iuid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HUMILIATION AND PltAYKU.
Jointresolution (S. No. 74) requesting the Pres-
ident to appoint a day for national humiliation
and prayer.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, oidered to a third reading; and it was ac-
cordingly njad the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVIDENCE IN TIIE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
An act (S. No. 271) relating to the laws of
evidence m the District of Columbia.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. PRUYN moved that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON moved to put the bill upon Us
passage, and demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. PRCJYN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pruyn and
Littlejohn were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 41, noes 52.
So the bill was not referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, moved to lay the bill
on the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 33,
noes 64.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was aecoidingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED DILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 27'J) to facilitate trade on the
Red river of the North;
An act (S. No. 289) for the relief of Ida Hoff-
man;
An act (S. No. 305) for the relief of George P.
Nesbitt;
An act (S. No. 298) to incorporate the Potomac
Perry Company;
An act (S. No, 321) to authorize the corpora-
tion of Washington to levy and collect the direct
tax imposed by yet approved August 5, 1861;
Joint resolution (S. No. 69) regulating the in-
vestment of the naval pension fund;
An act (S. No. 30S) repealing so much of an
act to supply deficiencies in 'he appropriations
for the :-t rvic of the fiscal yrev ending June 30,
1864, and for other purposes, approved Marc!}
14, 1864, as appropriates $25,000 for erecting a
naval hospital at Kiftery, Maine;
An act (S. No. 299) authorizing the levy court
of Washington county, in the Districtof Colum-
bia, to levy and collect its portion of the direct
tax imposed by the act of Congress of August .5,
1861;
An act (S. No. 301) for the salaof a lot of land
in Iowa in the Port Crawford reservation;
An act (S. No. 324) prescribing the punish-
ment for enticing or aiding seamen to desert the
naval service of the United States;
An act (S. No. 273) to compensate the officers
and crew of the iron-clad gunboat Essex for the
destruction of the rebel ram Arkansas;
Joint resolution (S. No. 66) providing for ad-
justment of the accounts of Henry W. Diman; and
An act (S. No. 332) to establish salaries for
postmasters, and for other purposes.
VOTES RECOKDED.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I was not
present last, evening when the vote was taken on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Le Blond] on the conscription bill. I supposed
that the whole matter had been postponed until
to-day on the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and having an engage-
ment I left the Hall. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to record my vote on the amendment.
There was no objection, and Mr. Eldridgs
voted " ay."
Mr. COBB, having been absent on official busi-
ness, presenting bills to the Presidentforhissig-
nature, when the vote was taken last evening on
that amendment, asked leave to record his vote.
There was no objection, and Mr. Cobb voted
(t no."
Mr. 1NGERSOLL asked and obtained like
consent, and voted **no."
Mr. ODELL asked and obtained like consent,
and voted " no "
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio, asked and obtained
like consent, and voted "ay."
TELEGRAPH TO TIIE PACIFIC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 290)
for increased facilities of telegraphic communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific States and
the Territory of Idaho was referred to the select
committee on that subject.
The vote was reconsidered.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
the bill, and it was not referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question on the third reading of the bill.
The bill authorizes the United States Telegraph
Company and their associates to erect a hue or
lines of magnetic telegraph between the Missouri
river and the city of San Francisco, in the State
of California, on such route as they may select,
to connect with the lines of that company now
constructed and being constructed through the
States of the Union. The company is to have
the use of such unoccupied land of the United
States as may be necessary for the right of way
and materials, and for the establishing of stations
along the line for repairs, not exceeding at any
station one quarter section of land, and the sta-
tions not to exceed one in fifteen miles on the
average of the whole line, unless the lands shall
be required by the Government of the United
States tor railroad or other purposes; butno right
to preempt any lands under the laws of the United
States is to mure to the company or their agents,
or any other peison or persons whatsoever.
The second section authorizes the United States
Telegraph Company, under the direction of the
President of the United States, to erect a line of
telegraph from Purr Hall by Walla-Walla and
the Dalles and San Fiancisco to Portland, in the
State of Oregon, and from Fort Hall to Bannock
and Virgtnia City, in the Territory of Idaho, with
the same privileges as to the right of way, &c.,
as is provided in the first section; the United
States to have priority in the use of the lines of
telegraph to Oregon and Idaho.
Aecoiding to the thiid section, the companyia
to send and receive dispatches onpaymentof the
regular chaiges fnr transmission of dispatches
tucr any hn*v that may now nt hereafter be con-
