1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2487
self to offer an amendment to the particular clause
in the seve'nty-seventh section on which I com-
mented yesterday, and that may dispense with
the necessity of the amendment I suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have drawn a substi-
tute for that section which I will submit now. I
move to strike out ali of section seventy-seven
after the-word (i that," and to insert:
No license hereinbefore provided for shall, if granted, be
held or construed to exempt any person carrying on the
trade, business, or profession specified in said license, firom
any penalty or punishmuntprovided by the lawsofany State
for carrying on such trade, business, or profession within
such State ; or in any manner to authorize the commence-
ment; or continuance of such trade, business, or ptofession
contrary to the laws of such State, or in any places piohibited
by .municipal law ; nor shall any such license he ^cld or
construed to prevent or prohibit any State from placing a
duty or tax for State or other purposes, on any trade, busi-
ness, or profession for which a license is required by this
act; nor shall any person carrying on any trade, business,
or protession for which a license us required by this aet,be
exempted from procuring such license, or fiom any penalty
or -punishment herein provided, by or in consequence ot
any State law either authorizing or prohibiting saich trade,
business, or profession.
Mr, JOHNSON. The latter part of the amend-
ment proposed by the chairman of the committee
seems to me to be liable to the same objection to
which I supposed the latter part of the section
itself as it originally stood was liable. It all other
respects it seems to me to be very much better
than the section itself. But still I am at a loss to see
with what propriety, I was about to say, we can
authorize alicense to be granted to carry on within
a State a trade prohibited by the laws of that
State. The argument of the honorable Senator
from Maine is that unless that is done the busi-
ness prohibited will be carried on and the State
law will be violated just as much without such a
clause as this as with it, and that the effect of
such a clause on the contrary would be to assist
in the execution of the State law. It may be so,
butf do not exactly see it in that light. In order
to carry out my own view and be consistent with
myself, (though that is a matter of indifference
on a question like this,) I propose to amend the
amendment by striking- out the latter part of the
amendment suggested by the chairman. I move
to strike out of it the following words:
Nor Jshall any person carrying on any trade, business, or
profession, for which a license is requited by this act. he
exempt from procuring such licensc or fiom any penalty
or punishment herein provided, by ot in connequcnce ot
any State law either authorizing or piohjhiting&ueh tiade,
business, or profession.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The result of that would
be that in States which prohibit a particular
business, it may be carried on in defiance of the
State law and we can exact no license. For in-
stance, take the State.of Maine. I exemplify that
because I am more familiar with its laws, which
prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors; a person
may sell liquors if he chooses to do so in defiance
of the State law prohibiting it and take his risk
about it, and the existence of that law would be
considered as an exemption to him from taking
out a license under this law. The result is that
we exact a license for selling liquor in ali States
where it is not prohibited, but cannot exact any
license in any State where it is prohibited. The
operation of the law in our State and in other
States has been this: the State law prohibits the
business*, we prohibit it also without a license;
but so far as we arc concerned, if you choose to
take a license, we have no claim on you for car-
rying on this business; you may go on at your
own risk in regard to the State laws. The effect
of that is, that if a license is taken out it really
points the State officers to the man who designs
to violate their law. It is no violation of his rights
where he assents to it; and where two patties
agree, one to take a license and the other to give
it, it does not extend beyond the parties them-
selves; and there is no reason why it should not
be taken if he chooses to take it.
We cannot very well make a distinction be-
tween different States. We are saying that no
business shall be carried 011 an> where within the
Union ofa particular kind without a license. We
know that in some States of the Union they pro-
hibit the businessentirely. Very well; we put in
a clause substantially saying,"you must take your
risk about this; our license shall not justify you
in breaking the State laws; we will give you one
which will excuse you so far as we are concerned,
but you must proceed at your own hazard in re-
gard to the State laws." If we do anything else,
if we take any other course, we nfake a distinc-
tion between theStates,and say that in some States
we will not require any license at all. The effect,
in my judgment, will be very bad, and I believe
that the working of the law as it existed two yeaivs
ago, which was substantially the same as this sec-
tion of the bill, has been very beneficial.
Mr. HARRIS. I always hesitate to disagree
with my friend from Maryland; but it seems to
me that this section is very skillfully framed to
accomplish a very useful purpose. Let me sup-
pose a case. By the law of the State of New
York dealing in lottery tickets is prohibited, and
it is an indictable offense; but 1 will suppose—I
speak within bounds when I say—that there are
one hundred persons engaged in the sale of lot-
tery tickets in the city of New York. Suppose
the State authorities prosecute one of these men
for a violation of the laws of New York, and he
answers that by the tax law passed by Congress
he is authorized to take out a license to sell lot-
tery tickets, the public authorities carrying on
the prosecution reply to him, " By the seventy-
seventh section of that law it is provided that your
license shall be no defense." That is as it should
be.
Now, I will suppose another case; suppose this
same lottery dealer is prosecuted by the collector
or assessor for selling lottery tickets without a
license. He answers to that prosecution, " It is
true I am selling lottery tickets withoutalicense;
but this is a thing that is illegal in the State of
New York." The last clause which it is pro-
posed to strike out here says that shall be no de-
fense. It ought not to be a defense. If he will
sell lottery tickets he ought to take out a liccnse;
and he ought to be amenable to the law of Con-
gress, and he ought to be amenable to the law of
the State, I can sec no objection to it; and these
provisions are framed so as to be an answer to a
defense set up if he is prosecuted by the State
authorities, or if he is prosecuted under this law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am certainly very far from
desiring to throw any impediment in the way of
the beneficial operation of this law. The diffi-
culty with me, however, in relation to the partic-
ular question before the Senate, is whether we
have any authority to do what we are about to do
if we adopt either the seventy-seventh section as
it originally stood or as it is proposed to be mod-
ified by the honorable chairman. The Senator
from New York supposes that he illugtrates the
necessity of such a provision as this by tellingus
that the sale of lottery tickets in New York is
prohibited by a law of the State, and notwith-
standing that they are sold from time to time.
Over that we have no control in one sense un-
questionably. Whether a man sells lottery tick-
ets or not in the State of New York is a matter
over which the Congress of the United States have
no control. They can neither authorize the sale
nor prohibit the sale.
Then he supposes that such a man takes out
his license under this act and he is prosecuted for
violating the Slate law, he cannot rely upon the
license as a defense against that prosecution, be-
cause the law under which the license is granted
says in so many words that the license shall not
be a defense, and that that is all right. Well,in
onesensethatisright. It is right because we have
no authority by a license to authorize the sale of
lottery tickets; but that is not the difficulty that
stands in my way. I want to know upon what
ground it is that we can first maintain the author-
ity of Congress to demand a license to carry on
a trade prohibited by a State law.
As far as that question is concerncd* the amend-
ment admits that we have no authority, because
it says in so many words that the license shall not
be a protection to him who shall violate, by car-
rying on the particular trade, the State laws. If
we have no authority to authorize the violation
of the State laws, upon what ground is it that wo
can say to him who is willing to violate the State
laws, 's Take a license from us; pay us for at-
tempting to do what we admit is an illegal act;
and it you do not take a license from us, and you
undertake to sell without a license, we will pros-
ecute you?" Now, where has Congress the au-
thority—for it comes around at last ton question
of power—where is to be found the authority m
Congress to punish a man for not taking out a
license to can y on a trade prohibited by a State,
and which the Stale, as against Congress, has a
right to prohibit? I am forced, therefore, to ad-
here to the opinion which led me to propose to
amend the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose there can be no rea-
sonable doubt that both Congress and the Staie
Legislature have a right to tax the same subjects,
and that a question of jurisdiction between the
two authorities cannot come up unless the taxa-
tion proposed by one of them has exhausted the
subject and leaves nothing upon which can be
paid anything to the other authority. I suppose
if Congress^grants a license under this bill to-do
any business it does not prohibit the State au-
thorities from requiring a State license for the
same business. But I understand the proposition
is to introduce an express provision in this bill
that the license to be granted under it shall be no
defense against a prosecution under a State law •
for a violation of that law. In my opinion, upon
that point the bill should contain no provision
whatever. It should leave the party obtaining the
license to the full operation and effect of the li-
cense under this bill, and also to the full effect
and operation of the law of the State that required
a license for the same business.
I do not think that a person obtaining a license
under this bill should be deprived of any ground
or right of defense which ne might have under
and in virtue of the bill against a prosecution un-
der the State law, by any express words or pro-
vision of the bill which we are about to pass. I
think he ought to be left to take his fate under the
jurisdiction of the two authorities; that is, the
authority of Congress and the authority of the
government of the State, without any expression
on the part of the law which may be passed by
Congress that he shall have no right of defense,
perfect or imperfect, under that law against a
prosecution under the State law and authority.
I think, therefore, that so far as the proposition
under consideration proposes to insert words de-
claring that a license obtained under this act shall
not be pleaded or considered as matter of defense
in favor of the party who obtains the license,
against a prosecution under a State law, it is
wrong. Ifa license is directed by the law of that
State to be granted, and the business is allowed to
be carried on under a license, of course the State
law is not violated; but if a particular business is
not allowable by the State law, and there is a
positive prohibition and a penalty in the case, and
he carries on the business against the positive
prohibition of the State law, your United States
license should not shield him; but I do not think
that the party to whom, by the authority of this
act,'a license may be granted should be deprived
of any right whatever which he might claim un-
der the proper effect of this act, if it becomes a
law, in any defense that he might make against
a prosecution under a State law.
Mr. CONNESS. The object of this bill is to
get revenue. If wc can obtain revenue from the
sources referred to I suppose there will be gain in
that. We do not interfere, nor undertake to de-
termine what isa moral transaction or what is not.
We leave that to the States; the State determines
it. If the party carrying on, wc will say, the sale
of lottery tickets as a business, or, in the State of*
Maine, the sale of liquor £s a business, shall not
take out a license, then the State authorities who
have denounced these trades as immoral and
wrong, and in violation of the public policy, will
have the additional vigilanceof the Federal officials
to discovcrthem. If they do takeout a license to
avoid that, then the State authorities who have
denounced those transactions and trades will have
the absolute evidence, and will know whereto get
it, to prosecute those parties engaged in illegitimate
transactions, and thus destroy them. On the one
hand, therefore, we shall get revenue, or, on the
other hand, it will tend to destroy transactions
and trades that are illegitimate and destructive to
the community. I hope the amendment of the
Senator from Maine will be adopted for these
as well as other reasons that I will not occupy
time in stating. It will give us revenue, and it
will materially tend to cripple the operations of a
cunning set of men who are engaged in making
large profits fiom that which there isscarcely uny
difference of opinion about are discreditable trans-
actions and trades.
Mr. DAY1S. In our desire to obtain revenue
we ought not to violate a principle of common
honesty to obtain it. If a business is immoral
