2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
and vicious in its nature or tendency, and is so
treated by State legislation and prohibited, the
United Slates Government ought not, in the face
of such a law and policy as that on the part of
the State, to grant a license for carrying on that
business. If it does do so, it ought not to cairy
the double dealing with it of seeking by a pio-
vision of the law to deprive the party to whom it
grants the license to carry on the business of any
legal defense or advantage which that license
would give him. If Congress is about to pass a
law authorizing a license to be given to a citizen
of the United States to sell lottery tickets, or to sell
spirituous liquors, it ought not, in the same.pro-
vision authorizing the granting of these licenses,
to deprive him of the benefit of any legal defense
which the license would ^ive htm against all an-
tagonistic State laws. Why, sir, what sort of
legislation would it be for Congress to pass a law
licensing a business which the honorable Senator
from California intimates may he vicious, against
public law and public policy, and at the same
time saying; to the party to whom the license was
granted, " Although we charge you money for
carrying oi^this business, and give you our con-
sent that you shall carry it on, yet our consent that
you shall carry it on shall not inhibit any State
in which it maybe carried on from passing a law
making it penal on your part to carry on that
identical business, and to prohibit it and to punish
yon as a malefactor if you carry it on ?"
It skeins to me that that sort of legislation
would be highly improper; that it would be de-
rogatory to the character of Congress. If Con-
gress passes a law imposing a tax upon any
particular business for the purpose of obtaining
revenue, in my opinion it ought to he satisfied
with that amount of legislation, and ought not in
the same legislation to say, " If you do carry on
this business that you have paid us monuy for
liberty to carry on, the license which we give you
authorizing you to carry iton shall not he pleaded
or used as matter of defense against Stale legis-
lation winch inhibits you from cairying it on."
It seems to me it is only necessary to state the
proposition that the obliquity of that sort of le-
gislation may be apparent. 1 repeat it would be,
in my opinion, derogatory to the character of
Congress to pass such legislation. It ought not
to offer an inducement to a citizen of the United
States to violate morals and public policy and
State legislation, and require money to be paid
for that inducement, and then expressly to say to
the party who was beguiled into this businesshy
this license at the cost of the money which lie
paid for it that lie shall have no benefit of legal
defense growing out of the license. I admit my
surprise that such legislation is proposed; and
especially do I express my surpiise. that the fair-
minded Senator from California should give any
countenance whatever to that character of legis-
lation.
Mi\ C0NN13SS. I cannot see the double-deal-
ing in this legislation that the honorable Senator
from Kentucky does. We do not say to any
party, "You may carry on this business m vio-
lation of State law, or in derogation of any law,
'if you take this license:" but on the contrary we
do say to him, " You shall notcarry on this busi-
ness unless you take the license; we do not say
that you shall carry it on in violation of the State
law if yon do fake the license " We leave the
subject of morals in these matters where it be-
longs, to the legislation of the States. I cannot
see anything unfair in it. I confess that the moral
perceptions of my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky are too fine for me tins morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in thechaii.) The question is on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 wdl ask for the n ading of the
proposition upon which the Senate is about to
vote.
The Secretary read the amendment proposed
by Mr. Joiinson, to strike out the followinir clause
in the amendment offered by Mr. Fkssendln- as
a substitute for the seventy-seventh section of
the bill:
Not shall any person carrying on any tradft, business, or
profo-rtion for which a licence i<, required b> this act be
exempted from piocuruisr such beetle, or hom any pen-
alty oi pmiuhnji nt ho;cm provided by or m consequence
of :oiy State law, either authouzmg or piohibiting such
trade, busiest, or piot'e^ion.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think I was mistaken in
moving to strike out the whole clause, and in lieu
of that I propose to strike out the words " or pro-
hibiting" only.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendment to the amendment will be modified as
suggested by the mover; and the question is on
the amendment to the amendment, as modified.
The amendmcnttothe|imendmentwas rejected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in section seventy-eight, line two, after
the word " sum" to strike out the word " here-
with" and to insert u herein;" in line six, after
the word " business" to strike out the words " at
any place;" in line seven, after the word "at"
to strike out the word "such" and to insert the
word il the," and after the word " place" to strike
out the words ** under such" and insert the words
"specified in their;" so that it will read:
£fo. 78. Jlnd be it further evaded, Thattheio shall be
paid annually for each license granted the sum heiein
stated n^pecfivtly. Any number of persons, oxecpt law-
jtits, conveyancers, cl.nm {igcnt.-, physicians, suryeous,
denti-t", cattle bioker-*, hor-u>\lc:iler-<, and peddlers. cany-
ing on such l>UMne>.n mi copartneiship may transact «nch
huMne^s at the place specified in their hcen&e, and not
otherwise, that id to -ay.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
eight, line twenty-two, at the end of the clause
imposing a license on bankers, toadd the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That each savings bank shall be liable to pay
.•tj'lUO loi license as a banker.
Mr. COLLAMER. That amendment provides,
as I understand, that every savings bank shall
pay $100.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it does business as a
banker it is icqinred to pay $100 " for license as
a banker."
Mr. COLLAMER. No. Jt provides that every
one of them shall take out a license as a banker
and pay fur it whet her they <lo any business or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That i« not the meaning
of the clause.
Mr. UOLLAMER. It is evidently the mean-
ing of the words of the clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Thateach savings bank
shall be liable to pay #100 for license as a banker."
Mr. OOLLAMER. It appears to me as plain
as the English language can read. This proviso
stands entirely independent by itself. It is a pro-
position l>y itself that every savings bank shall
pay $100 as a banker.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The idea is, that if a
savings bank does business as a banker it shall
pay $100 for a license.
Mr. COLL AM ER. Undoubtedly it should if
it does that .sort of business, but the savings banks
in my Slate do nothing of the- kind..
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will move
an amendment, to make it more clear I shall be
very glad to accept it.
Mr. COLLAMER.* I propose to insert the
words " doing business as a banker;" so that the
proviso will read:
Provided, That each savings bank, doing business us a
banker, shall be liable to pay $100 tor licen^u as a banker.
Mr. JOHNSON, What is "doing business
as a banker
Mr. ('OLLAMER. It is defined in the first
part of thu clause to which this proviso is an
amendment.
M r. JOil NSON. All savings banks lend money
out.
Mr. COLLAMER. " Every person, firm, or
company, and every incorporated or other bank,
having a place of business where credits are
opened by the deposit or collection of money or
currency, &c., shall be regarded a banker under
this act." These institutions have nothing of the
kind.
| Mr. JOHNSON. They have with us.
j Mr. COLLAMER. That is the difference in
i the country.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. Then they should pay a
, license.
| Mr. COLLAMER. The savings banks in the
j pait of the country with which I am acquainted
| do no sort.of business as bankers. They simply
1 receive deposits of money and lenditupon notes,
| bonds, mortgages, &c., for the benefit of the dc-
j positors—nothing else in the world. They issue
| no bills or anything of tlmt sort. I move to
\ amend the amendment by inserting those word.?,
" doing business as a banker," after the words
" savings banks."
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest that they all do
business as bankers, but all of them do not do
banking business, and the phraseology of the
amendment should be li doing a banking busi-
ness," They do not do a discount business, and
so they are not doing business as bankers.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the meaning of
the word " banker" is defined in this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are two or three
definitions; one is, employing a certain capital in
the business of banking. Savings banks have no
fixed capital. Then again opening accounts " by
the deposit or collection of money or currency
subject to be paid or remitted upon draft or check
or order."
Mr. COLLAMER. " Or where money is ad-
vanced or loaned on stocks, bonds, bullion, bills
of exchange, " &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proviso is intended
to meet those cases where savings banks are in-
corporated and where they unite with the busi-
ness of a savings bank that of a banker and trade
upon the capital. It provides that where they
trade upon their capital and become bankers, in
the ordinary sense of the word, or the sense of
the word defined here, then they shall take out a
license. That is all there is of it.
Mr. COLLAMER. Our country savings banks
lend money on notes, and they may come in un-
der that definition. •
Mr. FESSENDEN. They invest the money
in n certain way; that is all.
Mr. JOHNSON. They will come in under
that clause, and I do notsee why they should not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not do business
at a profit. They do not discount.
Mr. JOHNSON. Many of them do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those that do should pay
for a license.
Mr. JOHNSON. The mass of the savings
banks in Maryland, as far as I know, in the
larger cities, are, in the sense of the definition in
this section, bankers.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then they are mentioned
in this proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is an exception.
AH savings banks will come in under this clause,
whether they loan money or not, unless you put
in this exception: the tax will be on the whole
of them
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that. Now the hon-
orable member refers to what he calls the excep- #'
tion of the proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. Where then?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thu difficulty we wished
to meet was this: savings banks generally have
no fixed, established capital. That is a part of
the definition here. The tax is imposed on all
banks having a capital. Under that, savings banks
having no fixed, established capital, might cscape
it entirely, and yet they might go on^as some of
them do, to do all the business of banking. What
we wanted to provide for was simply this: that
where they attempt, whether they have a fixed
capital or not, to do business as bankers in the
ordinary sense of the woid, they shall take out a
license; where they do not do that business they
shall not take out a license. That is it precisely.
Mr. JOHNSON. That I understand; but I
was about to say that looking to the object my
friend from Vermont has m view, he willnotac-
complish it, I think, by hisamendment. I agree
with the chairman.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont is good as far as it goes.
Mr. JOHNSON. But it will not accomplish
his object.
Mr." FESSENDEN. I think it will.
Mr. JOHNSON. The savings banks in Ver-
mont, I suppose—I know it is the case with those
in Baltimore—loan their money upon bonds, upon
promissory notes, upon stocks; and any who loan
their funds in that way are considered as bankers
under this section. It must be so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I find I must qualify my
amendment. I wish m the first place to describe
the kind of savings banks in the part of the coun-
try where I am and geneially. They arc mere
dtmositcu ies of small sums, but making consider-
able ni the aggregate. They roccive them with-
out pny and give certificates. They then lend Chat
