M64
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
strutted by the authority or aid of Congress, to
connect with any line or lines authorized or
erected by the Russian or English Government,
and all dispatches received by the line are to be
transmitted in the order of their reception, and
the answers thereto to be delivered to the United
States Telegraph Company for transmission over
their lines to the office whence the original mes-
teage was sent.
The fourth section provides that the several rail-
road companies authorized by act of Congress July
1,1862, may enter into arrangements with the Uni-
ted States Telegraph Company so that the line of
telegraph between the Missouri river and San
Francisco may be made upon and along the line
of that railroad and branches as fast as the roads
and branches are built, and if such arrangements
he entered into and the transfer of the telegraph
line be made in accordance therewith to the line
of the railroads and branches, such transfershall,
for all purposes of the act referred to, be held and
considered a fulfillment on the part of the rail-
road companies of the provision of the act in re-
gard to the construction of a telegraph line; and,
incase of disagreement, the telegraph company
are authorized to remove their line of telegraph
along and upon the line of railroad therein con-
templated, without prejudice to the rights of the
railroad companies.
Mr. DONNELLY. I desire to ofTeran amend-
ment to the third section of the bill, to add to the
section the words " whenever so directed by the
sender thereof." As the bill at present stands
the company referred to in the bill will absorb
all the return business of telegraphing. The
amendment provides that the business shall go to
this particular line only when the sender of the
telegraph desires it. 1 do not think there can be
any objection to the amendment.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On examina-
tion of the amendment 1 do not see any particu-
lar objection to it, and I withdraw the previous
question for the purpose of letting the amendment
be offered.
Mr. DONNELLY offered his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 renew the
demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to, and the bill read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASEJBURJNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by winch the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jjravk of ab3unch.
Mr. BR00MALL asked and obtained leave of
absence for a few days from to-morrow on account
of illness.
Mr. ODELL asked and obtained leave of ab-
sence for Air. Blow for the remainder of the
session.
pkivate bills.
Mr. COFITlOTf I. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The House is still in exe-
cution of the order to dispose of the business on
the Speaker's table.
anthony sweeting.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a joint resolution authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to settle and pay the
claim of Anthony Sweeting, late pilot of the Uni-
ted Statessteamer Juniata; which was read alirst
and second time by its title.
The resolution authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to settle and pay the claim of Anthony
Sweeting, late pilot of the United States steamer
Juniata, for losses or fines sustained by him in
consequence of his employment in the service of
the United States, provided that the sum shall
not exceed $500.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
land titles in tiib district of columbia.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 91) to quiet titles in favor of
parties in actual possession of land situated in the
District of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to refer
that bill to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
The motion was agreed to.
proceeds os1 public lands.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's tabfe
was a bill (S. No. 193) to extend the eighth sec-
tion of an act entitled "An act to appropriate the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and to
grant preemption rights;'* which was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
refer that bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
agiucultukal department.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 339) to repeal the joint resolu-
tion entitled " Joint resolution tograntadditional
rooms to ihe Agiicultural Department," and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to hear the bill
read.
The bill, which was read, repeals the joint res-
olution entitled ''Joint resolution tograntaddi-
tional rooms to the Agricultural Department."
The second section directs the Secretary of the
Interior to assign for the temporary use of the
Commissioner of Agriculture such rooms in the
Interior Department suitable for the business of
the Commissioner, and necessary to enable him
to perform efficiently the business of the office, as
can be so appropriated with the least inconven-
ience to the transaction of other public business.
The third section appropriates for the purpose of
erecting a suitable building for the use of the De-
partment of Agricultuie, on any unoccupied pub-
he grounds of the United States in the city of
Washington, to be indicated by the Piesidcnt,
$100,000, to be expended under the direction of
the President, provided the whole cost of the
building shall not exceed the sum so appropri-
ated.
Mr. PRUYN. I would like to know whether
the Secretary of the Interior approves of that bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I raise the point of
order that this is an appropriation bill, and should
be considered in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the objec-
tion comes too late.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill is
different from what I supposed if was, and I am
opposed to the passage of some of the provisions
in if, particularly that appioprmting $100,000.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
he was not aware that the bill contained any ap-
propriation or lie would have had it read before
it was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in favor
ofrepoalirigthe joint resolution giving to tiie Com-
missioner of Agriculture ihe rooms in the Land
Office, whcie I am told there are deposited six
million papers belonging to tho General Land
Office. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the lull was ordered fo a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on ordeiing the bill to a
thiid reading, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the bill
is now open to amendment, I move to amend by
striking out the third scction, which contains the
appropriation of ^100,000. I demand the pie-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Wash-
burxe, of Illinois, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and parsed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion agreed to
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly-enrolled bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 133) for the relief of William
Sawyer and others, of the State of Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 470) to authorize assimi-
lated rank to be given to the warrant officers of the
United States Navy, and for other purposes;
An act - (H. R. No. 550) to establish Colfax
street, in the city of Washington and District of
Columbia;
An act(H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Martha
Jane Skaags;
An act (H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Rich-
ard G. Murphy;
An act (H. R. No. 316) for the relief of Dr.
Charles M. Wetherill; ana
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) for the relief of
Alexander Cross.
geokge a. siireiner.
An net (S. No. 240) for the relief of George A.
Shrciner was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMassachusetts, moved
that the bill be leferred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
john s. jones.
An act (S. No. 251) for the relief of John S.
Jones, an Ottowa Indian, for depredations com-
mitted upon his property in Kansas Territory,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read a first
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
fer the bill to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
All of the bills on the Speaker's table having been
disposed of,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the reference of such bills as had been
referred to committees; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
gold bill.
Mr. PRUYN asked unanimous consent to in-
troduce a bill for the repeal of the gold bill.
Mr. HOOPER objected.
private calendar.
Mr. COFFROTH moved that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Upon the motion, 28 voted in the affirmative
and 56 in the negative; no quorum.
The SPEAKER oidered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Dixon and Coffroth.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 37, noes 56.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar.
west point academy officers.
Mr. SCHENCK asked consent to report back
from the Committee on Military Affairs a Senate
joint resolution in relation to the professors of the
Military Academy at West Point.
The jointresolution was read. It construes the
thirty-first section of the act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3, 1863, not to abridge
the privileges of the professors of the West Point
Academy during the suspension of the ordinary
academic studies of the year.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to move to amend the
bill by inserting the words " or the eleventh sec-
tion of the act to increase the pay of the soldiers
of the United States Army, approved June 24,
1864."
I will explain that the joint resolution is sim-
ply this: by the thirtieth section of the enrollment
bill of 1863 officers are not permitted to be absent
without having their pay deducted, except in case
of sickness. The eleventh section of the act in-
creasing the pay of the soldiers prohibits officers
from absenting themselves for more than one year.
The professors of the Military Academy are con-
strued us officers. Their vacation every year while
