1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4-67
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business: arid after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 3, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Channing.
The Journal of) esterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. PENDLETON asked unanimous consent
to introduce a bill to provide that the Secretaries
of Executive Departments may occupy seats on
the floor of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HOLMAN objected.
SHIP CANAL AROUND NIAGARA FALLS.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, in-
tioduecd d biil to facilitate the construction of a
ship canal around the Falls of Niagara; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
Mr. COEFROTH asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas this once happy and pro^peious nation lias been
for nearly tlnee years attempting to crush a ciuel, unjust,
and unrighteous icbellion ; and vvhcieas (Jougie&s did on
the 23d oi July, 1861, with unparalleled unanimity declare
"that in this national emetgency Congie*:>, banishing all
feelings of mere passion or lesentment, will iccolleet only
its duty to the whole eountty 5 that this war i  not waged
on their pait m any spnit ofoppiosinn, oi jor any pm pose
oi conque-t, or subjugation, oi purpose of overtlnowin? oi
intfi'i ding v\ itli tixj i iglitv oi e=lubli->hed institutions of these
States, but to deleud and maintain the supi cmaaj of the
Con-1 inn ion, and to pi'J-ei vc the (Jujon with all the dignity,
eimaluy. .mil i iglifs of the sevcial Sratos unimpaired; and
tli.it nsKjon a-- tlx'sc objects at c accomplished the wai ou^hr
to cease;'' and wheicas the President of the Cmted States
did, on the 2Jd of September, A. D. 18U2, and on the i-t of
J.uiu.nyj A. J_>. ]£&}, .md on the 8th of December, A. 1). 18G3,
i?aue pioclamaiion1? in dnect violation of this resolution ;
and whcieas «atd pioclamatious have divided the Union
people of the i\orth,who at one tune vveic united m their
elFoit- to ci ush the rebellion. 'J'heiefoie, moidei to unite all
the Uipon-Iovin? people, and to cany out the spnuot -rud
ie- oluuon and le-toie the "■ Union as it was'5 under tlie
'■ (.'uii-tiiu(ion as it is,"
Be it resolved, That the Prct-ident of the United Sf.ifc-.
he re-[)celfuji^re(|ue-ted to withdraw .said pioclamatioius.
so that all tiu^Pruui-lovui j people may again unite to main-
tain the supremacy of the Constitution, and to preset ve the
Union witli all the dignity, equality, arid rights of the t-ev
eial State* unimpaired.
Mr. GRINNELL objected.
STOCKBItlDGK INDIANS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. SLOAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was lead,
considered, and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on Fndian AfTatis be, and
au' hereby, instructed to mqune into tnc condition of the
Ptockbudye fiidian- in the ^tate of Wisconsin, and the
quality or the lands reg-uds soil and pioiluenveti'v.-: a--
M ned to and now occupied by ^aid Indians ; ami if it '•hall
be'ioiind that said land= aie unpioductive and stride, then
to inquire into tbeju-tue-f and pioprn-ty of taking the ne-
cessity steps to exchange such laml*-. toi those that ,iic -ui-
fjciently pioduetive to citable said Indian*, by the e^eiej^c
oi a re.isuiiiible amount ot' industiy, to MibsM and to ae-
qnue some of the comforts of lite; and to lopnjt by bill or
oiheivvw.
Mi. HOLMAN. On Friday last the commit-
tees were not called for report of private bills. I
ask leave now to report a bill from the Commit-
tee of Chums for reference to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PENDLETON objected.
HARRIET K. DDLTON.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, K was
Ordacd, That leave be irranf"d to withdiaw fiom the
file-i ol the llou e p.ipets in the ease of Haniei K. Behon,
to be letutned to the claimant.
BOUNTIES TO VOLrNTEEllS.
Mr. IvGLLOGG, of Now Yoik, asked unani-
mous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolrcd, That the Committee oil Mihtat v* Allans be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of piovidmg by law
toi bounties to be paid to such volunteers a  reguhuly en-
listed into the rerrimeiits first called out b\ the Pj cedent tor
two yeais and weie honoiab!} difcchai^ed fiom the «>ct\ lee
w nil ^ueh ic2jmeat's. «ind befote the expnationof tu o veais,
and that they lepoic by bill 01 otlieiwi.se.
Mr. liOLMAN. As there is no objection to
the introduction c>f thatresolution, it is before th^
House, and i propose to ofler an amendment. I
move to amend by sinking out the words " re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of "and
insert the words <£ directed to report a bill." The
subject has been referred to the Committee on Md-
itaiy Affairs without producing any kind of re-
sult.^ From the number of resolutions submit-
ted of this character it is manifest that the House
deems this a legitimate subject of legislation.
Mr. ELIOT. I objected.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 submit the motion to strike
out all the resolution which makes it a matter of
inquiry, and to insert what will make it a resolu-
tion imperative upon the Committee on Military
Affairs to report a bill for paying that class of sol-
diers who have been discharged within two years'
sei vice.
Mr. ELIOT. I want to debate that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The lesolution was intro-
duced by unanimous consent, and it is theicfore
before the House for action.
Mr. FENTON. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, I believe, objected to theintioduction of
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
objection of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and it is impossible for the Chair to recognize ob-
jections unless gentlemen rise in their seals and
object.
Mr. ELIOT. I rose in my seat and objected.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman' object
when the resolution was introduced?
Mr. ELIOT. I did.
The SPEAKER. The Chair heaid no objec-
tion; but as the gentleman from Massachusetts
says he objected in pToper time, the resolution is
not before the House.
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
The rcgulai ordei of business being called for,
the House proceeded to the consideiation of the
joint resolution (H. R. No. Id) to amend "An
act to sap press insuirection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seixo and confiscate the prnpotty of
rebels, and for other puiposes," Approved .Inly
17, lb(>;2,on which the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Wadswohth] was enuth'd to the door.
Mr. WA0SW0UT11. The duscussion'of this
subject, i am aware, has lasted long enough to take
away its pnnupai attractions. Certainly a great
deal has been said that I would wish to say, but 1
believe not all; otherwise I should not now ti ouble
the House, content to listen to other?! wheie so lew
will listen to me.
I shall not consume much time in discussing
the constitutional interrelation of article three,
section throe. I think that part of the debate is
pretty well exhausted, and i only wonder at that
ingenuity which can say so much about so plain
a mallei. And, Mr, without intending any dis-
respi ct to anybody, 1 must be allowed to say I
have very little rcguul for that disco vet y which de-
claies tirtu, in t ho meaning of the Constitution, (at -
tide three, seel ion thiee,) Congress ha? unlimited
power to declare the punishment of treason, a dis-
co vci y fust introduced to tin; privileges of a court-
house by an adventurer whom the plastic hand
of the President has indeed made a judge, but
can never make a lawyei; and 1 would waste my
tune and the time of the House to dwell at any
length upon that subject. It is left to the lesser
file upon the othci side of the House, by inter-
pretations <$ too piekc d, too spruce," to find a jus-
tification in the Constitution for unlimited power
m Congress to confiscate for the c> ime of tiea^on,
a construction already confuted nnd lepudiafed
in tins discussion hv the ablest minds on the other
side. I shali dismiss that pai t of tile s?tt with
a tew obs'-rvations. and advance to the dun ussnm
of the only g:ound upon which a respectable ar-
gument can be made ui favor of that confiscation
act to wlia.li the Judicial \ Committee have offered
their amendment I niean,.sn, that ai^uni'.nf
which places the ruzhtef confiscation among oui
war rights, among the lights conferred by the
| laws of nations. I he mutt of conquest. And,sir,
I feel that I am indebted to the InmoiaMr gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Steiuxs,] and I
cordially leturn bun my thanks, for ha\mg ltd
ihiS diseusbion away from loss ingenious and
novt I mterpi-'tjuon ol a plain eluus<- ol the Con-
stitution, w hi cli we ell supposed was we I! utHl'T-
stood, to an "najuuyiiKo wha' aie our r^hts in
this war, i' o t " public \\as,Mas he calls it, but
tins civil wai ^eaoist a robe! belligerent power.
I am not, sir, in the habit of admiring discov-
eries in legal science. 1 receive them at all times
with the greatest caution and the greatest suspi-
cion. That which has escaped the observation of
Marshall and Story and other judicial luminaries
for so many generations! may be permitted:to
doubt the value of, although brought to my atten-
tion by the gieat jurists of this House; I may be
permuted to doubt whether this new light is in-
deed the true sun in heaven oronly a jack-oMan-
tern that has arisen to dazzle and lead'us astray.
Sir, in times like these, questions of public law4
questionsof constitutional kuvdonotdepend upon
commas dragged from the dust and cobwebs of
seventy-seven years, nor upon the torture of a
poor plain word, nor the depreciation of protest-
ing jurists, crowned by the judgment of Christen-
dom. And, sir, [ do not suppose that this House
or this country would undertake to march forward
in the career of conquest and subjugation or of
reconstruction upon any such nice inlerpielations
or any such discoveries as those to which I have
alludtd. There are a few old-fashioned principles
that are ineradicable from the American heart and
mind, upon which 1 am content to rest, believing
that the time will come when the American people,
escaping from the jaws of revolution, wilt return
to them for shelter and security. Among'these
are the right of trial by jury for" all crimes except
in cases of impeachment,?> (article three, section
two,) the right to be sccuiu in our liberty, our
lives, and oui property except they be taken from
us " by due process of law," (Constitution, fifth
Amendment,) which rights are all violated by the
act which the committee propose to amend.
I tiust, sir, I will be pardoned for making one
or two observations, before 1 proceed to discuss
the matter which chiefly attracts my interest,
upon the interpretation of article third, section
thu d, of the Constitution. Gentlemen who invoke
its aid yet differ upon it. Some assign one rea-
son why this clause does not limit confiscation as
punishment for tieason,and some another. We
are told, for instance, that the sole purpose of the
language qualifying the power conferred upon
Congress to declate the punishment of treason
was to take away fiom Congress the power ex-
ercised in times past by the Paihamcnt of Great
Dntain to attaint and punish by confiscation or
forfeiture persons who had long been dead,as in
the case of Richaid the Third, who fell at the bat-
tle of Pjoswoith field. Such a puipose as that
would have been idle, because the Constitution
had already declared that Congress should pass
no bill of attainder, and had already adopted the
fundamental principles of process, indictment,
and trial by jury ot " all crimes except in cases
of impeachment." There could be no judicial
punishment of a criminal deceased by our laws,
nor was it so by the laws of England. Parlia-
ment only in the exercise of an assumed omnipo-
tence punished the dead.
| Put, sir, this act confiscates the property of a
|j man long since dead; long after death u takes the
pioperty of the person descnbed in the act; it
makes no matter in what disastrous battle he fell
or by what dispensation of Providence he was re-
moved from the presence and power of his fellow-
men; the courts by this novel proceeding in crim-
inal cases, the proceeding inrnn, are to persevere,
seize, condemn, and sell his pioperty. How can
ji there be two opinions upon the subject? Theie
ll can be but two sorts of attaints, a legislative at-
i' taint and a judicial attaint. The Constitution for-
'i bids n legislative attaint, and then it proceeds,
i'Uet givmsr Congress power to declate the pun-
ii ishment ot treason, in this way and in the same
■ i sentence: " Rut no attainder of treason shall woik
ij corruption of blood," &c.; <\ qualification ot the
!j unlimited power to declare the punishment of
I; treason contained in the first part of the sentence.
i| Put ^entk men say that that means the common
,! law shall not "work conuption of blood or for-
!j feiture," &c., but that Congress, by its enact-
11 ment, may pi ovule penalties which shall work cor-
!} ruption of blood and foi feiture for treason. And
• ■ yet, sir, strange enough, the whole power and its
j imitation is in one sentence: "The Congress shall
have power to declare the punishment of treason,
but no attainder of treason shall work corruption
of blood, or toi it iiure except during tin life of the
!' person attai n ted. *' W hat sort of_ auaindei r IN one
H which Con^i'essS by any enactment can pio\jdx,
il for Cougicsf? cannot stain by bill nor cmpowerthe
