1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBR
II
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Who of the
administration to which thegentleman refers was
alive on the day that Abraham Lincoln was
elected ?
Mr. KELLEY. Benjamin Champney; and he
this day is a Republican.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Is that all?
• Mr. KELLEY. John Laporte was living at
that time.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. He did not
vote at that election." He was sick in his bed.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know how that may
have been; but I do know that a more earnest
and laborious Republican the State of Pennsyl-
vania did not contain. It may be possible that
he was unable to be carried to the polls on that
election day. Will the gentleman deny that he
was a leader of the Republicans?
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I do aot
hesitate to say that he did cooperate with the Re-
publican party this latter day of his life. My
object is simply now to state this to the gentle-
man, which he knows fully as well as myself,
that with that exception, and one other to which
he has referred, there is not a vestige left, and was
not on the day of Mr. Lincoln's election,of Gov-
ernor Shunk's administration. And when he un-
dertakes to invoke the spirit of that great man
as an indorsement of the principles he is advo-
cating here to-day, he is doing injustice to the
memory of a man who was a patriot and a sup-
porter of the Constitution.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman's earlier ref-
erence was not to I860. The vile spawn of Rob-
ert Tyler that he brought before the House relates
to 1851. There were a good many members of
that administration alive then; and ail who were
alive were my friends in that contest. My col-
league even will notdispute this, Hon. John K.
Kane, who had first called me to the office of as-
sistant attorney general, was especially my warm
friend. I say this while he has sons, oneef them
being Brigadier General T. L. Kane, who can con-
firm or contradict it. Hon. John M. Read and
Hon. John M. Purviance, who are also survivors
of Governor Shunk's cabinet, are, like their
former colleagues, war men, and voted for Mr.
Lincoln. Under the excitement of debate, remem-
bering the whole mass of things; remembering the
long years of intercourse arid correspondence, of
friendly and social intercourse; remembering that
in all that time no division line had parted Mr.
Miller and myself, I confounded him with Hon.
John Laporte, and so made the mistake. But I
affirm that did Jesse Miller live to-day he would
be, as every surviving memberof that administra-
tion is, for the war and the Government. My
colleague proves the fact that other hereditary
qualities than gout skip a generation in the line
of descent. His father was a man of intellect and
principle, and would have been on the side of his
country in this season of her trial had he lived.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-
sent from the House on yesterday when the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Long] made the speech to
which allusion has been made to-day. I know
not what he said, nor what his speech contained;
but I confess, sir, I was somewhat surprised this
morning, after the organization of the House, to
see the Speaker descend from his chair to the floor
and olTer a resolution to expel a member of this
House for words spoken in debate. I know of
no parallel case in the history of our Government.
I had imagined that, under our Constitution, Rep-
resentatives upon this floor had a right to express
their opinions upon any public question that
might be under discussion here. It is a right
which I believe has not been seriously questioned
until now.
But, sir, perhaps I ought not to have been sur-
prised, perhaps I ought to have been prepared for
this, since the spirit of revolution is abroad and
political and social systems are stirred to their
foundations. It is, in such times, perhaps not :
strange that members of this House may not be
permitted to express their honest opinions when
those opinions happen to conflict with those of the
majority here; perhaps I oughtnotto be surprised
that a motion should be made immediately for the
expulsion of the member.
Sir, I do not commit myself to anything which
the gentleman from Ohio said in his speech yes-
terday, for I know not what he did say save
from what has been developed in this discussion.
If he proclaimed his readiness to acknowledge the
independence of the so-called southern confeder-
acy, in that he expressed a sentiment from which
I dissent, one that I do not now feel and never
have felt. Butif that is his honest sentimentand
conviction 1 take it that he had a right to express
it as a member upon this floor; and when we
arrive at the point when members upon this floor
are not permitted thus to express their opinions
we shall have reached a point when the majority
Qf this House will have become tyrants and can
crush out all opposition in spite of the Constitu-
tion, in spite of law, and in spite of the rules of
this deliberative body.
Sir, I was no advocate of the secession of the
southern States; I am not to-day, nor am I will-
ing or ready to adrftit their independence; but if
gentlemen honestly entertain different opinions
they have a right to express them, and if in ex-
pressing them they are in conflict with the opin-
ions of their constituents, their constituents will
change their representatives and remedy the in-
justice done to them by a legal and constitutional
method.
1 believe that the resolution of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] is based upon the
ground that the speech of the gentleman from
Ohio gives aid and encouragement to the enemy.
Well, sir, that may be so, and yet an act which
violates the privileges of a member upon this
floor will also be calculated to give aid and com-
fort to the enemies of the Government, since they
will see in it that revolutionary spirit whieh por-
tends the overthrow of the constitutional liber-
ties not only of members of Congress, but of the
people of the northern States. Suppose his re-
marks are calculated to give aid and comfort to
the enemies of our Government, to the rebels in
arms against it, are we for that reason by a reso-
lution to exclude him fiom this House in con-
tempt of its rules, in contempt of his constitu-
tional rights and the constitutional rights of his
constituents? By so doing we bring into con-
tempt to that extent the Constitution, the rules of
the House, and the law by which he holds aseat
upon this floor. We surrender up these consti-
tutional guarantees and place ourselves at the
mercy of a remorseless majority, who would over-
ride the rules of the House, override the Constitu-
tion, and wreak their vengeance on members of
the Opposition on this floor.
They say that the declarations of thegentleman
from Ohio are in violation of his obligations under
the oath which he has taken when he took his
seat on this floor, and that in that way he gives
aid and comfort to the enemies of the country.
If a discussion of constitutional obligations is cal-
culated to give aid and comfort to the enemies of
the country, there are others in high places who,
during this Administration, have been giving aid
and comfort to the enemy—others, too, who had
bound themselves by solemn oaths to observe the
Constitution and preserve the rights of the States.
When the President of the United States took the
oath of office, he took upon himself the obligation
to administer the law and to execute it in the spirit
and according to the letter of the Constitution.
Let us see whether he has not, not only in one
instance by a public expression, but by an official
act, violated not merely the letter but the spirit
of the Constitution, and thus given aid and com-
fort to the enemy.
When the President of the United States took
that oath of office he pledged himself to the coun-
try that all the rights which pertain to the United
States should be respected by him. He bound
himself under the solemn obligations of an oath
thus to execute his official trust. But under the
plea of public necessity he has, once and again,
violated the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion; yet the gentlemen who are so tender on this
subject have not submitted resolutions of censure
against him. He violated a provision of the
Constitution by suspending the writ of habeas
cotyus. He violated the Constitution by sus-
pending that writ in the States that were not in
insurrection or invasion, and where the public
necessity did not demand its suspension. He
violated his oath when he declared all the States
of the Union under martial law, putting them in
a position where he placed it out of the power of
the courts when applied to by a victim of malice
to issue their writ and inquire into the <yiu.se of
his commitment. In doing this he gave aid and ;
comfort to the rebellion. He violated £t when hef
took away from Ihe citizens another coristitu-'
tional right, which declares th'at nO:f>ersori cKati;
be punished except upon presentment and in-
dictment by a grand jury, atnd ftp.on trial in open
court before a jury of the country. And thtfir
he gave aid and comfort to the &f§mi& of the5
Republic.
is it said xhat these" acts we're all necessary?
How necessary? When was it that your juried
in New England and in the northern States were
either incompetent or unwilling to discharge the
functions of their office? When was it, in New
England or in the northern States, that the course
of justice was impeded either by insurrection or
invasion? Not certainly during the history of
this rebellion. If, then, the courts were open, if
the judges were willing and able to administer
justice, was there .any necessity for the President
of the United States thus attempting to render
the military power independent of and superior
to the civil power? In doing this did he not give
aid and comfort to the enemy, showing them tha^t
he, in the highest seat of power, was disregard-
ing his constitutional rights as a citizen in thus
declaring martial law and closing the courts to
those who were charged with tr^me?
The President has thus, in my judgment, vio-
lated his constitutional obligations, and yet gen-
tlemen are as silent as the grave on these acts of
usurpation on his part, it is not until a hum-
ble member of the House, in the exercise of what
has been conceded to be his right as a member
on this floor, addresses the Committee of the
Whole on public questions that the fears and
jealousies of that side of the House are so sud-
denly aroused. The President of the United States"
not only struck down the writ of habeas corpus9
leaving the victims of jealousy or hate to be im-
prisoned for months and years, but he took away
the old right of trial by jury. He took away the
presentment and the indictment and the safe-
guards which the courts of the country throw
around those charged with crime. For the war-
rant of a magistrate he substituted the mandate
of a provost marshal; for presentment or indict**
ment by a grand jury he substituted the specifi-
cations of a judge advocate; for the jury of hid
country vhe gave the accused a military court; and-
for a speedy public trial in the State or district-
where the offense was charged to have been com-
mitted he substituted a long imprisonment, with-
out the accused being informed of the charge on
which he was arrested or the cause of his im-
prisonment.
Gentlemen talk about the free expression of
opinion. They tell us the utterances of the gen-
tleman from Ohio were treasonable, according to
their opinion, and their indignation has been
aroused to such an extent that they cannot wait
to have the Journal of yesterday's proceedings ,
read to the House. Immediately we met, the
Speaker comes down from his position as Presid-
ing Officer, comes down upon this floor and her©'
offers a resolution for the expulsion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio for words used in debate. £
remarked that there was a spirit of revolution
abroad. It has manifested itself most unmistak-
ably here to-day. These gentlemen would ex-
clude a member of this House from his seat upon
this floor for the expression of his sentiments*
When this proscription has once commenced who
can tell where the ax will .next fall? I do not
know but the aX may fall upon me, devoted as
I have always been to this Government and anx-
ious for its success. While I hate the rebellion,
sir, I also love the Constitution. 1 love it because
it covers the citizen, high or low, with its pano-
ply of strength and security, againstany infringe-
ment of his rights. It is because I love it on that
ground that 1 declare my intention to set
face against those whose acts look toward rev-
olution, come they in whatever shape they may.
I cannot be mistaken in reference to the right of
this House, that we have no right to expel a
member for the expression of his opinions in this*
House on public questions. To concede that we
have any such power would enable any Admin-
istration when they had the majority to expel the
members of either branch of Congress who hap-
pen to differ from it in political sentiment. Now,
without indorsing the views expressed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio—indeed I do not know what
they are, for I was not present when he made his
