1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
money. Most of it they lend as far as they can
upon mortgage. They get the best security they
can. Sometimes they loan it upon bank stocks.
They get their interest in that way from year to
year, and make dividends among the depositors
who have made deposits longer than three months.
They are generally enabled by this means to get
about six per cent., and out of that they are en-
abled to pay expenses and divide five-per cent.,
as they do generally. They loan money upon
notes. That would bring them within the de-
scription mentioned in this section,and therefore
they would be bound to take a license as the sec-
tion stands. 1 am not prepared' at this moment
to say to what extent the amendment would go.
What I desire is—and I can hardly think the
chairman wishes to defeat it—that these little sav-
ings banks, undoubtedly highly beneficial to our
country,should not be compelled to takealicense
for a business they do not do—banking. They
receive no deposits except from people who de-
posit the money that they lend out for them and
pay them the interest they get on it. They have
no profits. They make no charges. They merely
pay the expenses of their room and of their treas-
urer. It is not a place in which there can beany
profit made to anybody, and I can hardly think
it was really intended to include them.
Mr. FESSEN DEN.* I have stated that it was
not.
Mr. COLLAMER. How then shall we get
along with the provision about loaning money
on "promissory notes.'"
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because they have no
fixed capital.
Mr. COLLAMER. You do not require that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; " bankers using or
employing a capital not exceeding the sum of
$50,000."
Mr. COLLAMER. But beginning with the
fourteenth line:
Every person, firm, or company, and every incorporated
or other hank, having a place of business where credits are
opened hy the deposit or collection of money or cuneiiey,
subject to be paid or remitted upon draft, check, or order,
or where money is advanced or loaned on stocks, honds,
bullion, hills of exchange, or promissory runes are received
for discount or sale, shall be regarded a banker under this
act-
They fall within this description. They are
placed where money is loaned on promissory
notes and bonds.
Mr. JOHNSON. They are covered by "de-
posits," too.
Mr. COLLAMER. They are not deposits in
the common sense of the term. They receive
deposits of money to lend. I shall have to let
this puss for the present until 1 prepare with
more care the amendment I desiie.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair understands the proposed amendment
of the Senator fiom Vermont to the amendment
of the committee to be withdrawn for the present.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to have it passed
over for the present if I can.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have received one or two
letters from the officers of savings banks in some
of the counties in my own State, where the de-
posits are $10,000and sometimes $20,000 in a year,
and where it is not expected that they will go be-
yond that, or §25,000 at farthest. They sug-
gested—and it appeared to me with some foicc
that if savings banks were required to take out a
license at a!Tit should be limited to those whose
deposits on hand exceed some twenty or twenty-
five thousand dollars. I think the chairman,per-
haps, will agree to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to propose
a remedy for this difficulty, but there is no differ-
ence of opinion as to what ought to be done, and
it seems to me it could be remedied by inserting
after the words" savings bank," in the twenty-sec-
ond line, these woius, " having no fixed capital.
But at the suggestion of Senators I will consent
to let it pass over informally.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the action on this proposed amendment
will be passed over for the present, and t.ie reau-
intr of the bill will be pioceeded with. 1 he Cliair
hears no objection. The question on thatamend-
ment will not be considered,therefore,as having
been taken.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five,
of section seventy-eight, to strike out " twenty-
five" anil insert " fifty;" so as to read:
Wholesale dealers whose annual sales do not excced
$50,000 shall pay fifty dollars for each license.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next Amendment was in line thirty-six of
section seventy-ei^ht to strike out " obviously"
and insert " in the judgment of theassessor or as-
sistant assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu line fifty-nine of
section seventy-eight, after the word " sales" to
insert "including sales of other merchandise."
The amendment was agreed to. *
The next amendment was in line ninety-three
of section seventy-eight, after "is" to strike out
"to" and insert "as a broker to negotiate;" in
line ninety-four to strike out " purchase or sell"
and insert " purchases or sales;" and after "se-
curities," m line ninety-six, to strike out "for
themselves or others;" so as to make the clause
reach
Brokers shall pay fifty dollars for each license. Every
person, firm, or company, except such as hold a license as
a banker, whose business it is as a broker to negotiate pur-
chases or =;ales of stocks, exchange, bullion, coined money,
bank notes, promissory notes, or other securities, shall be
regarded as a broker under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hundred
and twenty-six and one hundred and twenty-
seven of section seventy-eight, to strike out the
words " and if exceedingthe sum of $10,000, one
dollar for each additional $1,000;" in line one
hundred and twenty-nine to strike out " or" be-
fore" whose;" and after" products," in lineone
hundred and thirty, to insert " and whose annual
sales do not exceed $10,000;" so as to make the
clause read:
Pioduce brokers, whose annual sales do not exceed the
sum of $10,000, shall pay ten dollars for each license. Every
ueiaon, other than one Uokhns a license as a btoker, whole-
sale or retail dealei, who^e occupation it is to buy or sell
agricultural or farm products, and whose annual sales do
not exceed $10,000, >hall be *egaided ns a produce broker
under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seventy-
eight, line one hundied and thirty-five,_ after
"dealer" to insert " or produce brokers;" in line
one hundred and thirty-six to strike out " the
agent of others to purchase or sell" and insert
"°a broker to negotiate sales or purchase of;" in
line one hundred arTd forty to strike out " man-
age"'and insert "negotiate freights and other;"
so as to make the clause read:
Commercial btokeis shall pay twenty dollars for each
license. Any per-onbr firm, except one holding a license
as whole^ale'dealer or produce brokers, whose business it
is, as a broker, to negotiate sales or purchases of goods,
wares, or nierehandir-e, not othci wise provided for in this
act oi seek nulers theiefor, in original or unbroken pack-
ages, or to negotiate freights and other business for the
owners of vessels, or toi The shlppeis or consigners oi con-
j j>nees of freight carried by ve>sels, shall be regarded a
cominercfal biokei under this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was after " chemical," in
line one hundred and fifty-nine of section seven-
ty-eight, to insert " or scientific;" so as to make
the clause read:
Jliul provided further, That no license sltnll be required
for anv still, stills, or other apparatus used by diuggists
and chcim-.tH lor the recovery ol alcohol for pharmaceuti-
cal and chemical oi scieiiulic pm poses which has been used
in (hose processes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after " apples," in
line one hundred and sixty-one of section sev-
enty-eight," to insert " or grapes;" so as to
make the clause read;
Jind pronded further, That distillers of apples, gropes,
i' and peaches, distilling ot nianufaeturini? less than one hun-
'l died and fifty bairels per year from the same, shall pay
I j 30 foi a license lor that putpose.
i; The amendment was agreed to.
J The next amendment was in line one hundred
and sixty-eight of section seventy-eight, after the
i| word " part" to insert "or from any substitute
:! therefor;" so as to make the clause read:
ij Brewer* shall pay fifiy dollars for each license. Every
!l person, fiun, or coiporation, who manufactures fermented
1 Imams ut' any name or description, tor s:tle,irom malt,
I' wlioliv or in pArt, or from any substitute therelor, shall be
deemed a luewci under llii^ act.
|i The amendment was agiced to.
The rfext amendment was in section.seventy-
eight, after the word " barrels," ill lige onehiip-
dred and seventy-five, to insert packages;
after the word barrel,"in line onehunclred and
seventy-seven, to insert " package;"" and a f! e r
the word " barrels," inline one huftdred and SeT-
enty-eight, to insert "packages or casks.','
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was before the Word "re-
tail," in line two hundred and ten of section sev-
enty-eight, to strike out " rental or estimated"
and insert " yearly." . -
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment was after the ryord
" kind," in line two hundred and_twenty-foi.tr of
section seventy-eight, to insert " not including
spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other malt liquors;'
so as to make the clause read:
Eating-houses sliall pay ten dollars for each llceasc.
Everyplace where food or refreshments of any kind, not
including spirits, wines, ale, beer, or othfr malt liquors, are
provided* for casual visitors and sold for consumption there-
in, shall be regarded as an eating-house under this apt.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was. after the word " li-
cense," in line two hundred and seventy fdur of
section seventy-eight, to strike out" and on? <]oJ-
lar additional for every $100 premiums received
by such agent;" so as to make the clause read:
Foreign insurance agente shall pay fiay dollars for each
license.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. The word " or" in the- two
hundred and eighty-sixth line of the section
should be stricken out. i niove to strike ij out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" horses,"in line two hundred and eighty-nine of
section seventy-eight, to insert" or mules;" after
"horses," in line two hundred and ninety-one,
to insert" or mules;" after " horse," in line two
hundred and ninety-three, to insert "or mule or;"
to strike out in lines two hundred and ninety-
three, two hundrefand ninety-four, and two hun-
dred and ninety-five the words " the third class,
and shall pay twenty dollars for each license;
when traveling;" and to strike out " fourth' in
line two hundred and" ninety-five and insert
"third;" so as to make the clause read:
Peddleis shall be classified and rated as follow?, to wit:
when traveling with more than two horses or mules, the
firbt class, anil shall pay fifty dollars tor each license; when
traveling with two horses or mules, the second class, (ind
shall pay twenty-five dollars for each license; when trav-
eling with one horse or mule, or on foot, the tlnrd class,
and shall pay ten dollars for each license.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "as aforesaid" after " persons" in line
three hundred and three of section seventy-eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "butch-
ers," in line three hundred and forty-eight of sec-
tion seventy-eight, to insert " whose annual sales
do not exceed #1,000, and butchers;" after the
word " exclusively," in line three hundred and
forty-nine, to strike out" from a cart or wagon;
and after the word " agents" to insert " and per-
sons who sell shell or other fish, or both;" so as
to make the clause read:
That butchers whose annual sales do not exceed $1,000,
and butchers wliorctail butchers' meat exclusively by them-
selves or agents, and persons who sell shell or other (Ml,
,,r both, traveling fiom place to place, and not iroin any
street or stand, shall be required, &c.
Mr. SUMNER. There isan ambiguity in that
clause it seems to me in the use of the woi d "street
in line three hundred and fifty-two. I would sug-
gest the word "shop"instead of "street,"so as to
read "and not from any shop or stand." On
page 99 the word " street" is used to indicate an
out-door sale. I presume here from the context
that it is not intended to mean a sale from a shop
or stand. It seems to me that the ambiguity which
is in the clause from the use of the word " street''
would be removed by t,he substitution of " shop."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. STJMNER. Then I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the word "street
and inserting " shop."
The amendment to'the amendmentwas agreed
to; and the amendment,asamended, was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert alter
