1514
THE OO'N©EESST0NAL ©LOBE.
April 9[
speech^ and I have-not even seen the meager re-
port which I have been told by gentlemen may
be found in the morning papers—without, there-
fore, indorsing the views of the gentleman from
Ohio, I enter my solemn protest against the pas-
sage of the resolution for hisexpulsion nowpend-
ing before the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, Ishalldetain
the House buta fewraoments; I would notspeak
at this time but that I promised, my colleague
[Mr. Cox] that when he concluded I would answer
the categorical questions he put to me. I willtake
but a moment to respond to those questions,and
then direct my remarks to the resolution itself.
Mr. GRIDER. 1 would remind the gentleman
from Ohio that his colleague does not appear to
be in his seat.
Mr. GARFIELD. My colleague is here.
Mr. COX. Here I am.
Mr.GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, this is apart
of the tactics employed this morning to turn the
mind of the House aside from the issue in debate.
A resolution has been introduced here, in solemn
form of law, to expel a member from his scat
upon this floor, and the first effSrt in opposition
has been to rake up the history of men not here
and men not belonging to this House to find what
they have said or written on certain occasions.
Gentlemen have been called up and catechised as
to their opinions of these sentiments. We have
been carried away into the individual quarrels of
Pennsylvania.and ofotherStutes. We have been
drawn into a general running debate on the opin-
ions of men here, there, and everywhere through-
out this country. I desire to call the House
back to the proposition before it, and I tell the
gantlcmen on the other side that they must meet
the issue. We intend to compel an expression
of opinion in the solemn form of a vote on the
proposition whether gentlemen are in favor of
sustaining the Representative from the second dis-
trict of Ohio who expressed the sentiments yes-
terday which called foith thisles.olution,and will
vote that he shall retain his place in this House.
We will let their votes rather than their opinions
answer. But I have promised to answer three
questions, and I will do so before I proceed to the
argument. My colleague first quoted f'lom the
speech of Senator Wade, and I was asked if I
agieed to its sentiments. His next quotations
wore from Mr. Gieeley, and I was asked the same
question. His third was from the message of the
President of the United States, and the question
was repeated. My colleague said that those
three gentlemen advocated the rightof revolution,
" which," says he " I hold to he the same as the
right of secession, and I in lolo deny both the
right of secession and the rightof revolution."
Mr. COX. I never denied the right of revolu-
tiongenerally. I dented the right of revolution
. in this country under our peculiar form of Gov-
ernment, where our Constitution con be amended.
1 denied the doctrine referred to in the President's
message.
I hold that no revolution is justifiable except
for grave grievances, and which these men fcjouth
have never had; and unless,in the second place,
there is tt reasonable probability of a successful
termination of their insurrection. Ami in that
view I stand against the right of revolution as
practiced by these men South, just as i stood
against the right of revolution practiced by the
abolitionists on the WesLern Reserve, when they
sought to override the authority of the United
States there.
Mr. GARFIELD. Thegentlemun may put on
all the qualifications he desires. I will not hold
him to the strict and unlimited utterances which
ho made here, if he disavows them. But I am a
little amused at his attempt to draw the line be-
tween a g.'iieiai right of revolution and a particu-
lar rightof revolution. Headmitsthatgenerally
peoples have the rightof revolution, but he says
that in this cnuntiy they have no such right. I
had supposed that the people of this country had
the same rights that belong to human nature gen-
erally, It was well expressed by Jefferson in
the Declaration of Independence. Iiv bases thy
American Revolution on that right, and claims} it
as the inherent right of people everywhete.
. I think that single statement clears up nil the
questions of the gentleman in reference to the three
persons I have named. As American statesmen
they clearly admit, and have always admitted, the
right of revolution. And I say to-day that if the
State of-Ohio can. successfully rebel against the
Government of the United States-and throw off.
her allegiance to it, and maintain herself in that
declaration, she becomes an independent nation.
This is the right of revolution; but the right of
secession is as widefrom that as light from dark-
ness. Secession is proposed to be a constitutional
right growing out of State rights-, it is proposed
that States are sovereign, and that in their sover-
eign capacity tHfey entered into a compact which^
having no common superior to sit as umpire,
each State can break at will; hence nullification,
secession, utter annihilation of the General Gov-
ernment follows as a necessary result. Between
that and the right of revolution the difference is
so great that no man with half a brain can fail to
see and appreciate it.
But now I turn to the resolution before the
House. It is the expulsion of a member from
his seat here for wotds spoken in debate. And
1 grant you at the first view of t^?e case the right
of free speech would seem to be decisive in his
favor, and against the resolution. The right to
say in debate what is in his heart would, without
any counterbalancing reason, be supreme, and
sufficient to acquit him, and to reject this resolu-
tion.
But, Mr. Speaker, the question of right and of
duty in human affairs is a relative one. What
might have been said with propiiety and with
loyalty three years ago cannot be said with pro-
priety and loyalty to-day. Truth, as a gentle-
man near me says, is eternal; but 1 answer htm
that man is finite, the conditions of humanity'are
finite and chanceful as the varied circumstances
and events of life. If 1 owned a house and should
make a rule that no man with nails in the heels of
his boots should enter it I would seem to be un-
reasonable, and if other parties had some right to
enter the house I would be a tyrant and usurper
in keeping them out by amh a iuIu; but when I
convert my house into a powder magazine then
the necessity for the safety of myselfand my prop-
erty makes it not only proper but my right and
duty to make and enforce such a rule.
Who does riot admit that the existence of war
in this country has greatly limited and restricted
individual rights? Five years ngo i might have
traveled at wdf from one end of the Union to the
other. Will it be called tyranny now because I
must apply to some provost maishal for permis-
sion to cross some river or to enter some village
in the territory of the United States? Those rules
are the inevitable necessities of war. These are
proper and just beyond question.
When this struggle was opening, men might
well doubt, as they did, what line of policy we
should adopt and follow, and express those doubts,
but when at last the nation had settled its policy,
decided upon war, and entered the field in pur-
suance of its plan, all the moralitiesand legalities
of free speech were strikingly modified by that
decision.
I may justly vote against a declaration of war,
though all my comrveers oppose me. But when
war is once deciareu, the enemies of my country
are my enemies, intercourse with them is illegal,
to aid and abet them is treason, even though I
was opposed to the war and its cause. This is
the law of nations and the law of war.
Tins nation has been solemnly declared in a
state of war, a class of citizens have been deviated
its enemies, and for tluee years wo have proceeded
upon that declaration. We have legislated and
fought on thateomhtion, and the utterance of yes-
terday is a very d liferent tiling from what the same
sentiment would have been thiee years ago. This
House has committed itself in many ways, by
votes almost unanimous, to the work of putting
down the rebellion. We are not only a nation
with an Army in the field, but a nation fighting.
Every citizen, in whatever capacity lie may at
present he serving, is in some sense a soldier.
Suppose we were in fact soldiers in the pres-
ence of the enemy; suppose his lines of bayonets
and his hostile banners were in sight; and sup-
pose in the very moment when ourplans of battle
were matured, and the movement about to begin,
some one of our number should inform the enemy
that there was division in our camp, and we could
not conquer; suppose that one should himself
throw <k<jwn his arms, refuse to fight, and ex-
hort his fellow-soldiers to follow his example.
By thee laWs of:war, as old as Sesostris, that man
would Be shot-without trial.
Now, sir, although we are not in the field as-
enlisted soldiers, yet we are as a nation, and es-
pecially as the Congressof the nation, in the field
and in the presence of the enemy. Thecampaign
is about opening;.and we are only wailing for the
next flash across the wires to tell us where the
signal of battle will sound. The very silence of
the telegrams this morning indicates that the work
may have begun to-day. And now, at such a*
moment, there rises in ourcamp a man who,hav-
ing recorded his oath that lie has never given aid-
and comfort to the rebellion—which oath, though
retrospective in terms, yet in its spirit and meaning
is prospective—that man rises in his place ana
throws up the white flag m token of surrender;-
that man lises in his place and refuses to fight, and
exjiorts others to follow his example; that man
rises in his place and declares against the possi-
bility or the policy or the justice of prosecuting
the war to a successful termination. We are actu-
ally in the field; the justice of law and judgment
of mankind would order him shot. Dare we do
less than to expel him'from this place?
He has said no less than Jefferson Davis would
say were he here to-day; there is nothing that
should be added to his speech to make Davis's-
opinion perfect and complete in its expression,
except that Davis fears that the rebellion will fail;
my colleague does not. If I would vote to retain
him in his seat, I would vote to admit Davis to a
sent beside him. If there be anything in the
whole scope of human action that can aid, abet,
and give comfort and encouragement to the enemy,
the speech of my colleague is that thing.
What hope have the rebels? They know that
our armies are superior to theirs; they know that
we have gamed steadily upon them; they know
that we have pushed them beyond the great
mountain wall; they know that we have ciowdcd
them back from the great river, and cut their ter-
ritory in twain; they know that our Navy en-
circles and blockades their coast; they know that
the campaign now opening must be decisive un-
less—unless what? Unless their one last hope
shall be realized, that there will be division in
our councils, and that enemies will arise along
our lines to break our strength and force us to
give up the contest. Their emissaries arc at
work through the Knights of the Golden Circle.
The riots in New York were led by rebel emis-
saries from the South,assisted by the rebel sym-
pathizers who live among us. They are at work
in Illinois, where they collected and secreted arms
with which to shoot down soldiers in the streets;
they are at work in Indiana, where their foot-
steps are marked with the blood of citizens; they
are at work in my own State, both in convention
and in bloody riots.
Mr. EDEN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
yield to me ? *
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield now.
4 Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield now.
Mr. EDEN. I merely wish to say that thegon-
tieman's statement in regard to Illinois is not true.
Mr. GARFIELD. These are means, Mr,
Speaker, which they are now using in coopera-
tion with the rebels m arms. Beyond doubt there
is a correspondence and understanding between
rebel officers in the field and leading rebel poli-
ticians in the North; they understand each other'a
movements, and assist each other by giving and
receiving information.
If we are resolved to put down the rebellion
we must strike it where its vitality and power of
resistance reside. And first of all we must strike
it in this Chamber where yesterday, for the first
time smcc the seats of the southern members were
vacated, open and avowed treason was uttered,
not in the heat of debate, but written, conned
over, committed to memory, and pronounced*
calmly ami deliberately.
I refuse to be led aside by the inquiry whether
lie expressed the views of the Democratic partv
or not. L challenge gentlemen to meet the ques-
tion on its own merits, not for the Democratic
patty,but for the countty,and against the guilty
man himself. It is lie whom we arraign in this
resolution. It is a solemn proposition, and no
evasion or side issues will avail.
Wc ask gentlemen to meet the issue. If they
