1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ill'
over without sale to the use of any department of the Gov-
ernment, the excess of the value of said articles, aiter de-
ducting the amount of the duties, additions, fees, costs, and
expends accrued thereon when turned over as aforesaid,
shall be refunded and paid by the said department to the
owner, or, if he cannot be found, to the manufacturer or
producer in whose custody or possession the said articles
were when seized as aforesaid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, after
" forfeited," in line eighty-two of section eighty-
three, the words " as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-six
of section eighty-three, after the word "of" to
strike out " this section as aforesaid" and insert
" the eighty-first section of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in lines
eighty-eight, eighty-nine, and ninety, of section
eighty-three, the words "cases of neglect or le-
fusal to pay duties on manufactured articles or
articles produced under the provisions of this
act," and in lieu of them to insert:
This section; but before forfeiture shall be declared by
virtue of the provisions of this section, the amount of du-
ties which may be due from the person whose manufac-
tures or products are seized shall first be ascertained in
the manner prescribed in the eighty-fourth section of this
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ninety-seven
of section eighty-three, after " fine" to insert " or
penalty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hundred
and two of scction eighty-three, after the word
" given," to strike out " in the same manner as
is provided in this section in case of forfeiture"
and insert " as the said Commissioner shall pre-
scribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighty-
five, after the word "aforesaid," in line twenty-
two, to strike out "and subject to an ad valorem
duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eighty-
five, hne twenty-five, after the word "behalf"
to insert:
And where such goods, wares, and merchandise have
been removed foi consumption or for delivery to others, or
placed on slupboaid. or aie no longei withm the custody
or control of the manufacturer or his agent, not being in
his factotv, f-tore, or warehouse, the value shall be esti-
mated at theaveiageot the market value of the likegoods,
wares, and merchandise at the time when the same be-
came liable to duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-nine
of section eighty-five, after the word "commis-
sion" to insert " not exceeding three percent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have in my hand a paper
received this morning addressed to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and with the conscnt of the Sen-
ate I will read it. It lias reference to this subject,
and after reading it 1 shall move that if he* re-
ferred to that committee, and at the same time I
give notice that I shall move when this bill comes
into the Senate that " the reasonable commission
not exceeding three percent." be increased to
the actual amount paid:
Ni-vv York, May 25, 1864.
Gentxemln : The undersigned, merchants in tiio city of
New York, lies? leave respectfully to ask your attention to
section eighty-five In tlieuew internal revenue law passed
by the House of Representative* and now being consid-
ered by your honorable committee.
Saul section provides that a manufacturer in making his
return of ^oods shall only deduct u om the uill market value
actual neurit and thiee per cent, commission.
We think a manufacturer should be allowed what he
actually ha  to pay to eonveit his goods into cash ; which
is for—
racking boxes, fit'Ight, fiic insurance, cartage,
   H per cent.
Commission  ^
Gimiantee for selling     
As goods are ut-uallv sold oh six months'
credit— it
Loss of interest  J
Total  .10 V per cent.
Which we think, in justice to than, they should be .al-
lowed to deduct ^'{^V^tLWNCHW^fc CO.,
UOYT, SPRAGUE & CO.
The honorable the Committee on Finance, United States
Senate.
I move that the communication be referred to
the Committee on Finance; and I give notice that
1 shall move to amend this clause when the bill
comes into the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to move a verbal
amendment in the forty-ninth line of the eighty-
fifth section. I move to strike out the words
"used or" before " consumed," a3 they are en-
tirely unnecessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-six of
section eighty-six, to strike out the words " as-
sessor or,"and after " assistant assessor" in line
thirty-seven to insert " of the proper assessment
district."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty of sec-
tion eighty-six to strike out the words " provided
that" and insert " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in section eighty-six,
line forty-four, to strike out "one" and insert
" three;" so as to read, " a penalty of §300."
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in section eighty-six,
line forty-six, to strike out " six months" and in-
sert" one year;" so as to read," imprisonment for
a term not exceeding one year." .
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the eighty-seventh
section, line twelve, after the word "shall" to
insert " preserve the same in his office," and to
strike out " transmit the same to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. And the said assess-
or shall, on the 1st days of January and July of
each year, transmit to said Department a statement
in writing showing all changes in or additions to
said record of such manufacturers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthont
in the chair.) The next amendment of theCom-
mittee on Finance is to strike out the eighty-ninth
section and insert in lieu of it 
Mr. CLARK. I hardly think it is necessary
to read the part proposed to be stricken out; but
there is a mistake in the printing of the bill. A
portion of that section should not be stricken out;
and before the question is taken on striking out,
I move to amend by making the word " stem" be-
fore " tobacco" on the 121st page, in the thirty-
sixth lino of the section, " stemmed."
Mr. HENDERSON. What will be the effect
of the amendment the Senator proposes? Will
it be to class stemmed tobacco with tobacco that
is taxed under this bill?
Mr.CLARK. JMotatall. This is only a pro-
vision for storage and exportation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I notice that on page
144 the bill does provide for taxing stemmed to-
bacco or wli.it is called strips.
Mr. CLARK. It does; but this is a provision
for storing it in bonded warehouses and for ex-
porlation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand it provides
only for storing that quality of tobacco which is
taxed. There is no necessity for providing for
storing the tobacco in the leaf until it is manu-
factured in some shape so as to incur the tax. _
Mr. CLARK. The Senator is mistaken. This
stemmed tobacco is prepared and mainly ex-
posed; and the amendment is desired by the ex-
porters and raisers of tobacco. It is a provision
for transporting it from the place of stemming to
a bonded warehouse, so that it may go out of the
country without paying a tax.
Mr. SUMNER. Do 1 understand that the
stemming is done in a particular place? Accord-
ing to the information 1 have received, it is some-
times done by the producer on his farm.
Mr. CLARK. At a particular place. A difficulty
arises in regard to the ambiguity of the language
resulting from what may be the broad or nar-
row construction of the word " manufactured,
if stemming the leaf, taking out the stem, is the
manufactuie f tobacco, we should not need this
amendment; but it is doubtful whether that may
be considered u manufacture, so that the commit-
tee desire to insert the words " or place of stem-
ming" after " manufacture," in line thirty-eight,
so that thry 111.13* !ratif*nort it directly from the
placo of manufacture or place of stemming to a
bonded warehouse.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire.to state for the
information of the Senate, those who may not un-
derstand this process, that my understanding of
stemmed tobacco is strips  - . - • ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will say to the Senator
that on this amendment,the question of. the tax
on stemmed tobacco does not come up. AUhough
we provide here for depositing it in warehouses,
he can move to strike out the stemmed tobacco
afterwards. There is no such thing as "stem
tobacco," as it is spelled now, and therefore we
want to make it as we intended it to be by subr
stituting "stemmed." Then if the Senator
chooses he can move to strike it all out, and that
will be .another question.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to discuss
this matter, but to make a single remark. Since
the blocking up of the Mississippi river, the farm-
ers in the West, I suppose very generally now,
stem the tobacco in order to save transportation.
The stem itself is like thestalk.only itis smaller.
It is no more the manufacture of the tobacco than,
is the taking out of the stalk. As I understand
the bill now, if a farmer in my State, in order to
save the cost of transportation by railroad, stems
the tobacco (for he can take the stems and sell
them in St. Louis or Cincinnati, where they are
manufactured into snuff, while the stalk is sent to
Boston, or New York, or Philadelphia, and there
manufactured) he will be compelled to pay a tax
of thirty-five cents, and the manufacturer in the
East will also have to pay a tax of thirty-five cents.
It cuts the leaf into two pieces, and he wiil be
compelled to pay twenty-five cents tax, apd the
manufacturer in New York will also have to pay
thirty-five cents on the article when manufactured.
The Senate will understand that stemming is the
first process of manufacture-, it takes the stem out;
but it is by no means a manufacture of tobacco.
If these words be retained here, theprovision will
be very hard on the farmers of the West, who
have to ship their tobacco to the East now over
railroads.
Mr. CLARK. . No such question as the Sen-
ator from Missouri suggests arises here. There
is no question of taxation here. This provides
only a process by which we authorize the grow-
ers to remove this stemmed tobacco, or strips, as
he calls it, from the place where the stripping is
done to the bonded warehouse, there to remain
until exported.
Mr. HENDERSON. Without payment of du-
ties, which implies that it cannotbe used without'
payment of duties.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly, and for the purpose of
going into the bonded warehouse it does not pay
any duty.
Mr. HENDERSON. But you do not require
the leaf when the stem is in it to go into bonded
warehouse for shipment.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 want this to remain
exactly as leaf tobacco, because it is nothing else
than leaf tobacco.
Mr. CLARK. As the committee understand,
tobacco is generally stripped, and goes into the
bonded warehouse to be exported, and this pro-
vision applies only to the stemmed tobacco. If
the Senator desires to have some other classes of
tobacco included, he can move that as a separate
amendment, but it does not apply to this.
Mr. HENDERSON. The proviso is " that
manufactured tobacco, stem tobacco," as it is
now, or 11 stemmed tobacco," as the amendment
would make it, "snuff, or cigars may be trans-
ferred without payment of the duty " to the
bonded warehouse.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly.
Mr. HENDERSON. But that implies that
stemmed tobacco must pay a duty. I do not want
that implication, because it is nothing but leaf to-
bacco. It is true that no tobacco is ever manu-
factured until it is stemmed, nor is it manufac-
tured until the stalk is taken off; but stemming is
not manufacturing it. Taking the leaf off the
stalk is called stripping. Taking the large liber,
the stem, out of the leaf is called stemming. No
tobacco is manufactured until it ha3 undergone
both operations.
Mr. CLARK. The committee desired to pro-
vide that manufactured tobacco might be removed
to a bonded warehouse without paying the duty.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is not manufactured
tobacco.
