1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBEi
<sm
indorse the doctrine promulgated by mycolleague,
[Mr. Long,] if they believe that its utterance here
is not " aiding and abetting" the enemies of the
country, let them vote against expulsion. I re-
gret that some patriotic gentleman on that side of
the Chamber did not move the resolution. Lregret
that they did not themselves feel it their duty to
remove this foul blotfrom their party escutcheon.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, let me say that
this contest has risen above parties and above
men. It is a conflict in which are involved the
destiny of the presentand the hopes of future gen-
erations. We fight not for to-day alone, but for
the grand future of this great nation. The battle-
field is spread out before us; the armies are upon
it; but there are armies besides those that carry
bayonets. On one side are gathered the invisible
legions of evil, while on the other are the benign
angels that watch over the better destinyof man.
We can almost hear a voicc from heaven sum-
moning those powers to the conflict, saying to the
one:
"Gather you, gather you, hounds of hell,
Famine, and plague, and war;
Slav-fry, tyranny, cant, and misrule,
Gather, and fail iu the snare!
Hireling sand mammonites, pedants and knaves,
Crawl to the battle-field, sneak to your graves,
In the day of the Lord at hand/'
And to the other:
"Gather you, gather you, angels of God;
Freedom, and morey, and truth
Come, for tiie eaith has grown coward and old;
Come down and renew us her youth.
Wisdom, splf-saetifico, daring, and love,
Haste to the battle-field, stoop from above,
To the day of the Lord at hand."
Letus see to itthatwearc worthy of that" day
of the Lord."
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I came late into
the House, and have not had the opportunity of
listening to the greater portion of the debate on
this resolution. But, sir, £ listened yesterday to
the language which fell from my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Lokg,] and I indorsed every sentiment that
he uttered. And I deem itmy duty, though others
may quake, though others may shrink from his
side, to indorse here every sentiment that he
uttered.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from Mary-
land yield to me for a moment to enable me to
inquire of the gentleman from Indiana whether
it is his purpose to press a vote upon this resolu-
tion to-day?
Mr. COLFAX. It ia not. It is my wish to
allow reasonable time for debate and time for con-
sideration. If the gentleman will allow me I will
say that I offered that resolution, not as a matter
of pleasure, but as a matter of duty. I desire
every gentleman to calmly consider the whole
question before he comes to a vote upon it, and I
shall not, therefore, call the previous question
upon it to-day.
Mr. MALLORY. My object in making the-
inquiry was this: I am very unwell to-day, hardly
able to be in my seat. I desire to be heard upon
this resolution -before the vote is taken upon it.
I wished, therefore, to know whether it was pro-
posed to press the resolution to a vote to-day.
Mr. COLFAX. That is not my purpose.
Mr, KELLOGG, of Michigan. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I wish to say that as this is
a question which requires consideration, and as
I presume many gentlemen desire to speak upon
it, I hope it will be as soon as possible postponed
until some day next week, and that we shall have
a chance to proceed with the regular order of
business for to-day.
Several Members expressed dissent.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. We cannot
have a vote to-day.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
I shall not detain the House very long. But, sir,
I could not sil here and see at) attempt made to ty-
rannize over one who entertains sentiments which
I did notknow he entertained until yesterday, but
sentiments which I have long entertained, and en-
tertainiwg I intend to stand by his side for weal
or for woe.
Sir, when the honorable gentleman from Ohio .
[Mr. Garfield] replied to his colleague from Ohio
who first spoke [Air. Long] he said that he had ;
the courage of a iion, that he had the courage to
face the cannon and the rifle, it was a compli-
ment to my friend, but no compliment to this
House, the intolerance of which has made it a
necessity for my friend in speaking his honest
sentiments in debate to have the courage to face
these implements of war.
Another thing which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] avowed led me to suppose that
he would not be found in support of such a reso-
lution as this was, that he believed his colleague
[Mr. Long] sincerely and honestly entertained
these sentiments.
Now, I would like to know what the reason is,
when a man gets up here and avows his senti-
ments upon a question of public policy, upon a
measure which would, in his mode of thinking,
lead to a termination of this disastrous war, one
of the only modes by which it can terminate, and
does it in sincerity, that he is to be denounced as
having spoken treason, that he designed treason,
and at the same time avow the belief that he was
sincere and honest in his statement? Sir, I am
willingtogo with my friend anywhercyou choose
to send him upon, such an issue. If there i*s any
honesty in any party in this country they will
defend us, they will protect us, they will rise like
a hurricane and sweep awa? the vermin race of
politicians that are preying upon the very vitals
of American liberty.
But, speaking upon the issues before the coun-
try. What is the issue? Is not peace an issue?
Can not a man protest against can ymgon or favor-
ing a war to the extermination of a whole race of
people? Cannot a man get up and say, we do not
admire your tactics; we would rather have peace
than such a war; we think it is better peace
should come; it will save the lives of our people
on both sides; it will save the money of the men
who are now oppressed with heavy burdens of
taxation to carry on this war? Cannot a man say
it is better to have peace than war, and especially
when he brings authority to show that the posi-
tion he takes is sustained by the ablest men, by
men who advocated your own principles, by men,
sir, who governed this country? When the gen-
tleman from Ohio brings here the opinions of such
men to back him up, you say that he must discard
all such opinions. Why, not one of you, yes,
sir, not one of you can be called a fifth-rate man
compared with those from whom 'the honorable
gentleman quoted yesterday. [Laughter.]
Mr. GARFIELD rose.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. No, sir, I can-
not yield to the gentleman at this time.
Mr. Speaker, when I came here at this session
of Congress I was solitary and alone. I could not
say for some time whether anybody sympathized
with me; I felt myself solitary and alone. Those
who were here around me were war Democrats.
They never invited me to their caucus. Those I
knew would never letmego into their caucus, and
I never intended to apply. I would starve among
them. I am a peace man, a radical peace man;
and I am for peace by the recognition of the South,
for the recognition of the southern confederacy;
and I am for acquiescence in the doctrine of se-
cession. [Sensation and laughter.] Laugh as
you may, you have got to come to it. I thought
1 was alone. I began to take the advice of Cato
to his son,
" When vice prevails and impious men hear sway,
Tile post of honor is a private station."
I felt like giving up my seat and leaving this
place. I stood here solitary and alone on this
floor; but now, thank God ! there is another soul
saved. [Laughter.] I feci that we can baptize
my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Long,] and
I am glad to have such able aid. I shall not go
home now. When Cato gave that advice he had
fought his last battle, and had yielded to the for-
tunes and ambition of Julius Caesar, great as he
was. He was about to take a victory over him-
self by a Roman's death, because he saw his cause
was hopeless. Not so ours. I feel yet there is
a hope in this House. I feel through the rust-
ling of the winds there is a tornado coming that
will sweep away the present majority from power
and give it into the hands of men who will settle
the affairs of this country; men who have some-
thing like humanity; men who have regard for
the principles of our forefathers. Ay, I leeollect
how my blood (drilled when I heard the discus-
sion on the confiscation bill. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] said, let them be ex-
patriated like the Tories of the Revolution. The
Tones of the Revolution had the mother c.ountry
to run to, and were protected there. But where
would the gentleman.send those whom he would(.
expatriate froi«-the ^o«th, as gallant aijd noble a-
race as ever walked upon the earth; noble in
everything that constitutes men of-honor and men
of principle—gentlemen? Sir, you would expa-
triate those people, their wives and children, and
send them among strangers to starve. Another
member from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] was not only,
for confiscating their property in fee; he, sir, went
through the catalogue. He was for confiscation,,;
he was for expatriation, and he was for exterm-
ination. [Laughter.] He emphasized every syl-
lable of that word; and when he did so,.I looked
at his countenance, and I felt as if I were in a den.
of hyenas.
I am not here for war, and will not be here for
war, so long as Iliaveahearthumane-and Chris-
tian, when war is carried on upon such princi-
ples. No, sir, war never did and never will bring
your Union together in such manner as to bo
worth one cent. I am for peace, and I am for
Union, too. I am as goodaUnion man as any of
you. [Laughter.] I am a better Union man than
any of you. [Great laughter.] I am a Union
man, and have tBrown up my head—no, I have
not lost that yet—I have thrown up my hat for"
the cause of the Union, and cheered at its suc-
cess. i felt as anxious for its success as any
man upon this floor. - I look upon war as dis-
union. I look upon continued war as actdally
keeping off the Union to a still later period, and
I scarcely belie.ve that peace would accomplish a
Union. And surely, if anything will, it is that
sweet angel of peace. She may unite the cord a
which have been severed by the hand of war, and
may tie them more tightly together than ever
before; but if we are to have dissolution, in the
name of God let us have it. Let us have it, and
instead of having one great consolidated Govern-
ment, one imperious Government, one splendid
Government, Ictus at least have on this continent
two happy Governments. But, as I said before,
I look to peace as the harbinger of the Union, if
there is agy harbinger for it.
But, sir, I am a slaveholder. That is to say,
I was until Ben. Butler stole my slaves all away.
[Laughter.] As an old Democrat, I used to ad-
mire him very much; but of course I have not
much admiration for him now. His course only
shows what he always was. I am a slaveholder,
and I have sat here patiently hearing you insult
me every day with your assertions that slavery
was a sin and the sum of all villainies; for I do
not consider that a man can participate in the sum
of all villainies without being himself a villain.
I have borne all these things, and I have looked
upon you as frantic upon the subject. I have
really compassionated you. [Laughter.] Now,
sir, if slavery is a sin, I am willing to bear the re-
proach. But as you refer me to God Almighty
for my title, I can show you that it is sanctioned
by His word. You declare this institution to be a
crime; you declare it to be the sum of all vil-
lainies; but I tell you that whoever says my father
was a villain because he held slaves—and he had
slaves and died a Christian; whoever says that
my constituents whom I represent are villains
because they hold slaves—I know them to be
honest and upright men, doing their duty as
Christians as much so as anybody; whoever says
these things is a liar. I will let no man w*'ite
such an epitaph upon the tomb of my father. I
will let no man say such a thing to me here in
my presence without calling him to responsi-
bility. You may consider it a sin as bf-tween
you and your God, but you shall not use. in-
sulting language upon such a subjectas that with-
out being called to account.
Sir, th? Union is dissolved and there is a gulf
of blood lying between the two sections; but upon
my honor, upon my soul, I repeat that every drop
in that gulf is on the souls of the noithern people.
I do not think that any candid man who iooksafc
the history of this affair can come to any other
conclusion. From the beginning of the Govern-
ment, from the time of the adoption of the Consti-
tution down to the time of the election of Abraham
Lincoln, you have been using tu nis of insult and
termsof irritation,and you have been domgevery-
thing you could to bring about the very result
which is now upon you. Look at the histoiy of
this matter. I shall not repeat it; it is too famil-
iar and has been too often jepeated. At first you
only cultivated the ground, but when that old
