M68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
from hostile nations, who would, if they could,
have cut the throats of the men by whose side
they fought.
There is also another provision that any of the
loyal States may send agents into the rebel States
and there procure volunteers, which shall be
credited to the loyal State procuring them. I
have also provided that persons residing in one
State who shall enlist or volunteer in another
State shall be credited, in calculating the draft, to
the State in which they reside.
Now, sir, in my judgment this bill, as I have
proposed to amend it, will give to the Govern-
ment the power to create an army which, if there
be only wisdom and energy at the White House,
will be able to stamp out the rebellion in another
campaign. This campaign cannot accomplish it;
we have not men enough in the field, nor on the
decisive points of the field; and we cannot get
enough in time to accomplish that purpose during
this campaign. What 1 desire is to adopt a sys-
tem that shall keep our armies full continually,
that will enable them to pour a constant stream
of fire upon the enemies of the Republic, till the
last armed rebel shall be driven into the Gulf of
Mexico.
Mr. MALLOH.Y. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from Maryland to say that his bjll pro-
vides for the enlistment of soldiers in the rebel
States by the loyal States to be credited to the
States enlisting them?
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. Yes, sir, itallows
them to go into the rebel States and enlist. I
have put that provision in, in deference to the
feeling which exists on this side of the House.
It is not a provision which meets my approval
entirely, but I do not regard it as one of vital im-
portance, and therefore for the purpose of meeting
the wishes of gentlemen on this side of the Iiouse
I have inserted it as one of the provisions of the
bill.
Mr. SCHENCIv demanded the previous ques-
tion upon tiie substitute.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland, demanded the yeas
and nays upon his substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in ;
the negative—yeas 2G, nays 102, not voting 54;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allteon, Arnold, Ashley, Baxter, Broom-
all, Freeman Oku ko, Crcmvrll, Henry Winter Davis, Don-
nelly, tfekley, Garfield, Hooper, A^'thel VV. Hnbbnid, John
II. Iluhhatd, fhiHumi, Julian, Lonpvear, McBnde, Mc-
Clinfr, Moorhead, Morrill, Orlh, Seoliclil, Sloan, Steven*,
and IVoodbndije—26.
NAYS—Messrs William J. Allen, Alley, Ames, Ancona,
Daily, Joint D. Hahhvin, Heaman, Bliss, Boyd, Biookis,
James S. Brown, William (i. Brown, Ch.uiler, Cobb, Cot-
froth, Cole, Dawes, Dawson, Demmjj, [)cni<nii, Dixon,
Drift;*, Eden, EdKcrton, Eldridne, Wiot, English, l-'arns-
wortli, Ftmton, Fmck, Frank,Uanson,Uooch, Hate, Haul-
ing, Charles M, Hani-', Iligby, Holmau, Hotelikiss, Hutch-
In*, Ingersoll, Philip Johnson, Kaibi]ei-«ch,Kellev,Kornan.
Knapp, |,aw, Lazcar, !,<; Blond, Loan, Lone, Mallotv,
Murcy, McAllister, Middlelon, y.iinuel F. Miller, Williain
II. Miller, Daniel Morris, James It. Morris. Mom on, Amos
Myeis, Leonard Mycin, Noiton, Odell, Chailes O'Neill,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, I'eih.un,Radford,Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Willi,mi fl. Randall, Alexander 11. Ilice, John 11.
Rice, Robinson, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Rosa,
tfehenck, Shannon, Snuih, Smithes, Spalding, John B.
Plrele,William Steele, Stiles, Snomp/fhayei, Thomas,
Upson. Van Valkenhnigh, Wadswoitb. Waid, Elihu B.
Washlmtne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whalev
Wheeler, Chilton A. White. Wilder, Wilson, Window,
and Winfleld - 10£.
NOT VOTING—Me«<qs. James C. Allen, Andejson, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blame, Blan, Blow, Boutwell, Brande-
gee, Ambrose VV. Clark, Ciav, Cox, Craven-, Thomas T.
Davis, Dumom. Gudei, Grjimeii, Grixwold. Hall, Hairing-
ton, Benjamin G. Hams, Heriick, Jenekes, William John-
son, Kassou, Francis W. Kelloirir, Oilamlo Kellogjr, King,
Knox, Ltttlejoiui. Marvin, McDowell, Mcfndoe, McKm-
ne  Nel>o , Noble, Patterson, Perry, Pike, Poineioy,
Price, Pni)n, ttogers, Scott, Starr, Stebbuis. Stu.ut, Swea'r,
1 racy, Vootln-es, Joseph W. White, Williams, Benjamin
W ood, I- einamio Wood, and Yeaman— 31.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. KENTON stated that lie had paired with
Mr. Pruyn on all votes on which they would be
likely to disagree, but believing they would not
disagree upon this question he voted in the neg-
ative. b
Mr. HOOPER stated that Mr. Boutwell had
paired with Mr. Noble.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message from theSenatewas received by Mr.
Hhjkey, their Chief Clerk, informing the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of theSenate
(No. 154) for the better organization of the quar-
termaster's office.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the bill of the
House (No. 207) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending June 30,1865.
Also, that the Senate have disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the bill of the Sen-
ate for the reliefof seamen and others,not officers,
borne on thc books of vessels wrecked or lost in
the naval service.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (No.
325) to repeal the act of the 17th June, 1864, pro-
hibiting the sales of gold and foreign exchange;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
The question recurred on concurring in the
Senate amendment as amended.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the House ask
for a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
IN KEGARD TO TIIE EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the House dispense with the evening session.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, I hope that the House will now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the evening session was dispensed
with. There are three conference reports to be
made this evening.
Mr. WASilBURNE, of Illinois. If that be
so, then I hope that the motion to reconsider will
prevail.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHEUUNE, of Illinois. I now with-
draw the motion that the evening session be dis-
pensed with.
WRECKED SEAMEN.
The SPEAKER stated that the Senate had re-
turned the House amendment to Senate bill No.
246, for the relief of seamen and others, not offi-
cers, borne upon the books of vessels wrecked or
lost in the naval service. •*
A motion was made that the House insist on
its amendment, and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. PENDLETON. The Senate have noti-
fied us that they have agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
I of the two Houses on the bill making appropria-
! lions for the preservation and repair of certain
. fortifications and other works of defense for the
j year ending 30th of June, 1865. i move that the
I House agree to that report. The items stricken
| out and from which disagreement they have re-
\ ceded were reported by the Committee of Ways
j and Means on special recommendation of the De-
i partment. The Senateam'endmentfrom which the
I House recedes appropriates $177,000 for the land
| defenses of San Francisco. It has been specially
recommended by General Delafield, chief of the
engineer corps, and by the Secretary of War.
The icport was adopted.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GOLD BILL REPEALED.
The next bill upon the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 325, to repeal the act of the 17th
June, 1864, prohibiting the sale of gold and for-
eign exchange.
The bill was read a first and second time, or-
dered to a third reading, and it was accordingly
read the third time. ®
Mr. HOOPER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 29, not voting 66;
as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Anderson,
Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Bliss, Bioofcs,
James S. Brown, Coffroth, Cole, Dawes, Dawson, Deni-
son, Drlg^, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridgc, English, Finck,
Ganson,Gooch,Griswold, Hale, Harding, Charles M.Har-
ris, Higby, Holman, IJulburd, Inger&oil, Philip Johnson,
Kalbfleisch, Kernan, ICnapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,
Littlejohn, Loan, Long, Lotifryear, Marry, McAllister,
Middletoa, William II. Miller, James R. Moras, Morrison,
Leonard Myers, Norton, Odell, John O'Neill, Patterson,
Pendleton. Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J.Randall, William H.
Randall, Alexander fi. Rice, Robinson, Edward H. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Ross, Shannon, Smith, Smithers,
John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Van Vnlkenhurgh, Wads-
worth, Waid, Ehhu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Webster, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Williams,
Wilder, and Woodbridge—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley,Allison, Ames,Bovd, Cobb, Cres-
well, Henry Winter Davis, Donnelly, Eltot, Gaifield,
Hooper, llotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Julian, Me Bride, MeClurg,Moo! head, Daniel Morris, Autos
Myers, Charies O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Schenck, Sloan,
Spalding, Upson, Wilson, and Windom—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs-. James C. Allen, Arnold, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blaine, IJlaii, Blow, Boutwell,
tirandegee, Btoomall, William G. Brown, Chanler, Am-
brose W. Claik, Fieeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, Cravens,
ThomasT. Davis, Doming, Dixon, Dumont, Eeklcy, Farns-
worth, Fenton, Fiank, Grider, Gunnell, Hall, Harrington,
Benjamin G. Ilanis, Herriek, ilutcluns, Jenrkes, William
Johnson, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W,"Kellogg, Oilando Kel-
logg, King, Knox, Mallory. Marvin, McDowell, McJndoe,
McKinney,Samuel F.Miller,Morrill,Nelson,Noble,Perry,
Pike, Pomcroy, Price, John H. Rice, Rogers, Scofield,
Pcott, Starr, Stebbins, Stevens, Voorhees, Jo.seph \V.
White, Winlield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, anrl
Yeaman—6G.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ASHLEY said: I voted for the original
bill with great reluctance, and I vote for its repeal
with much pleasure.
Mr. SCHENCK stated that Mr. Kelley had
paired off.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT INVESTIGATION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. When the select committee on the investi-
gation in reference to the Treasury Depariment
made its leport yesterday, the chairman of the
committee asked permission for the minority to
file a report subsequent to that time.
That minority has to-day presented that re-
port. I notice that with the report are submitted
several documents which the committee rejected
as not being evidence before the committee. I
move that those documents thus submitted and
ordered by the committee not to be a part of the
record be rejected from among the papers con-
nected with that minority report.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the House take a recess
at half past four ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 have some remarks to sub-
mit upon this subject whenever the proper time
arrives.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to extend the ses-
sion ten minutes.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I object.
Mr. KERNAN, After the recess, will not my
colleague have the floor in the evening?
The SPEAKER. The Chair ihinks this ig a
question of privilege, and the gentleman from New
\ork will be entitled to the floor after the recess
if he is upon the floor when the time for the recess
arrives.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would inquire if this is a
debatable question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes it is.
The Chair knows of no rule to prevent its being
debated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If objection is
made to the reception of the minority report, is
that question debatable?
The SPEAKER. The minority report wag
ordered by the House to be received at the time
the majority report was presented.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 withdraw my question
of privilege until the evening session.
Mr. ELDR.1DGE. Thegentleraan has not the
floor mid cannot withdraw it.
