1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL- C4LOBE.
April %
scold and Wrangler, the wo'rstrrian that ever'livfed
in this country, even not excejj'jihg Aaron Burr;
when that old scold arid wmrigler, John Gldincy
Adams, declare.d that by the war power you could
emancipate all the'slavesand sell the States which
had slaves to a foreign Power, that was the day
when you commenced to exert all your powers
to excite this people to rebellidn. Then it was
you said you would not live with them, that the
Government Was a compact with hell, and that
one of the most agreeable things in the world
would be to part with the South and slavery.
That was the announcement of your public men
everywhere, that th'ey could not live with youin
peace. Well, they separated"from you, and asked
to live on terms of peace with you. What did
you do? You immediately howled out, " They
are traitors; we will hang them all; and when we
have hung them we will take all their property
and divide it among vis." And, sir, all this was
to be done, according to yourgreat " higher-law"
apostle, W illiam H. Seward, in the course of sixty
days! No doubt the facility with which he
thought it could be done was a great incentive to
begin the work, especially as there were lands in
the South and many other benefits that they'ex-
pected to get hold of very easily down there.
Well, a great many of the Republican leaders
went out to Butl Run in July, 1861, to witness
the perfect overthrow of the poor southerners.
The lamented gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Love-
joy), i think went out there, and one member of
this House from Massachusetts went out 1 think,
and one from New York. They carried their
pk-nie with them, spring chickens and cham-
pagne. [Laughter] They thought they were go-
ing to have a very happy time of it popping
off their champagne corks amid the blood and
gore of the slaughter of the southerners. One
of them I think went to Richmond rather faster
than he expected. [Laughter] One of them came
back howling for mercy, having offered, I have
heard, #500 to be driven out of the reach of the
"black horse" of Virginia.
Yon see, sir, that these things were all to have
been done in a very short time, but instead of
that they have not been done yet. Instead of
seventy-five thousand men- doing the work, you
have had to get a million and a half, and the mil-
lion and a half will not do it. Those you have
sent South have been "welcomed with bloody
hands to hospitable graves." You had an idea
that the *' poor white trash" of the South, as you
called them, were the mere dregs of the people,
and could easily be conquered. Why, sir, you
do not know then) as well as I do. A bolder,
braver, more honorable set of men do not live on
the face of God's earth. And when you attempt
to elevate the negro to an equality with these
southern white men, or even say that he is no
better than the negro, he will strike though he
may die immediately. All the attempts to put
the negro on an equality with the white man, to
give him an equal suffrage at the ballot-box, to
give him a place upon the witness-stand to tes-
tify against the life or the honor of the white
man, or to give him any office that will inflict
dishonor upon the white man or run any risk of
not keeping up the inequality that now exists be-
tween the races, will be resisted to the death by
every Southern white man.
Now, Mr. Speaker, who was it after all that
brought this institution of slavery here and estab-
lished H among us? The Puritans were first-rate
men. They had some peculiarities, but they were
honorable, brave, and patriotic men. They ap-
proved of slavery. They looked in every corner
t>f the Old Testament, and in evevy line of the New
lestament, and they could find nothing against
it, and they approved of slavery. Why, it is said
that the very schooner whicli brought the Pilgrim
Fathers to this continent, and landed them at'Ply-
mouth, returned to Africa for a cargo of slaves.
[Laughter.] I do not blame them for it. But,
sir, they brought them here, and they kept them
as lung as they could use them profitably. Theft
they sold them to the South. And many a man
who looks me now in the face is the son or de-
scendant of one who made his fortune on the deck
or in the cabin of a slaver, by the importation of
those very Africans whose descendants they are
now so anxious to advance in life. They took
these slaves to the South and sold them to my an-
cestors, and the ancestors of men there. They
got southern gold for their merchandise, and guar-
antied the title to it. And now their descendants
turn around and say that they will deprive the
people of the South of this property. I do not
believe that the Puritans would sanction any such
doctrine as that. They were honest and straight-
forward, and I am sorry to see that their sons are
so thoroughly degenerate. If I were guilty of
such an act politically, personally, or morally, I
should consider myself degraded and disgraced.
Yes, sir, there is not one of you who pretends to
hold up his hand and say that he will vote to pay
back the money paid for these Africans. They
consider that it would be bad policy. The politi-
cians are against it. Against what? Against honor
and honesty. Sir, are we a disgraced people?
Are we a people who have no sense of honor?
You shall not so slander the American people. I
shall wait for that returning good sense that will
be able to judge of the merits of the case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what were the views ex-
pressed bythegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long?]
That the war must not be continued forever; that
it must stop sometime; that it is a horrid war, and
that it ought to stop. Who is to say when it shall
stop? Have we not that power? Oristhat right
confined entirely to the party represented on the
other side of the House? I say that if you attempt
to carry out the principle of this resolution it will
open the eyes of the people, and although my
friend [Mr. Long] would be a martyr, he would
be a martyr in a glorious cause. The people would
rally around him, and would come up and ex-
terminate the politicians who dared to raise their
ruthless hands against the great right Which he
yesterday asserted.
Mr. Speaker, m the early part of this secession
movement there was a resolution offered pledging
men and money to carry on the War. My prin-
ciples were then and are now against the war. I
stood solitary and alone in voting against that
resolution, and whenever a similar proposition is
brought here it will meet with my opposition.
Not one dollar nor one man, I swear by the Eter-
nal, will I vote for this infernal, this stupendous
folly, more stupendous than ever disgraced any
civilized people on the face of God's earth., If
ihot be treason, make the most of it.
It is the right of the commoner of England to
say that he will not intrust the money to carry
on a war to the king, who has the entire war
power. 1 do not know that a commoner of the
American House of Representatives ever lost that
right. That proposition meets with my approval.
If you will not make peace in any other way,
and ifl have the. casting vote here against furnish-
ing the sinews of war, you shall nothavethem.
The South asked you to let her go in peace.
But no, you said you would bring them into sub-
jugation. That is notdone yet, andGod Almighty
grant that it never may be. I hope that you will
never subjugate the South. If she is to be ever
again m the Union I hope it will be with her own
consent; and I hope that that consent will be ob-
tained by some other mode than by the sword.
" If this be treason, make the most of it." I am
as good a Union man as you are, but we differ
as to the best means of preserving the Union.
And now, afier giving an expression of my sen-
timents to you of the Republican party, I will
turn to the representatives of the northern Democ-
racy. Abraham Lincoln has proved himself unfit
to be trusted an hour.
Mr. TRACY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maryland 
Mr. IIAURIS, ofMaryland. I will not yield.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maryland declines to yield, and will proceed
without interruption.
Mr. TRACY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Maryland 
[Shouts of "Order !" and much confusion, in
which the remainder of Mr. Tract's remark was
not heard by the reporter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is out of order, and will re-
sume his seat.
Mr. TRACY. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: I desire to know
whether in these Halls the gentleman from Mary-
land invoked Almighty God that the American
arms should not prevail?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is that ft ques-
tion of order, 1 should like to know ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinioh
of the Chair it is not a question of order.
Mr. TRACY. Well, if it is not a question of
order, I desire to know whether such language ii
not treason. [Cries of "Order! " on the Demo-
cratic side of the House.] •
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania is out of order.
Mr. TRACY. Is it in order to talk treason in.
this Hall? [Shouts of "Order!" from the Demo=-
craticside of the House, and much confusion.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania will take his seat, and the
gentleman from Maryland will suspend his re-
marks until the House comes to order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. I ask that the language of the
gentleman from Maryland, referred to by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, shall be taken down
at the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The language
will be reduced to writing.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order upon that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No other point
of order can be entertained until that before the
House has been disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that (
the language of the gentleman from Maryland,
which has been taken down by the Clerk, may be
read.
The Clerk read the language, as follows:
"Tile South asked you to let them live in peace. But,
no; you said you would brmj; them into subjugation. That
is not done yet. God Alimybty grant that it never may be.
I iiope that you will never subjugate the South."
Mr. HARRIS, ofMaryland. That is all right;
I indorse every word of that. .
Mr. THAYER. I ask that the 61st and 62d
rules may be read.
The rules were read, as follows: *
"61. It" any member, ill speaking or otherwise, transgress
the rules of tlie House, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, caif to order; in which ease the member socalled to
order shall immediately sit down, unless permitted to ex-
plain ; and the House shall, it" appealed to, decide on tha
case, but without debate; if there be no appeal, the decis-
ion of the Chair shall he submitted to. If the decision be
in favor of the member called- to order, he shall be at lib-
erty to proceed; if otherwise, he shall not be permitted
to proceed, in case any member object, without leave of
the House; ami if the case require it, he shall be liable to
the censure of the House.
"62. If a member be called to order for words spoken in
debate, the person ealline iiim to order sl.all repeat the
words excepted to, ami they shall be taken down in writ-
ing at the Clerk's table; and no member shall be held to
answer, or bo subject to the censure of the House, lor words
spoken in debate, if any other member has spoken, orother
business has intervened, after the words spoken, and be-
fore exception to them shall have been taken."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the gentleman from Illinois calls the
gentleman from Maryland to order for the word's
that have been read.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Yes,sir,and
I am preparing a resolution to offer in connection
with it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair the words spoken by the gentleman
are not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Well, Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Chair
has decided the gentleman out of order; and un-
der the rules he cannot go on without tlue permis-
sion of the House, if any member objects. And
for one, I protest against any man uttering such
language on this floor.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. You mean you-
are afraid of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask that
•the rule may be again read, and that it may bs
enforced.
The rule was again read.
Mr. A. MYERS. I would like to ask the Chair
if it is in order to include the name of the gen-
tleman from Maryland in the resolution offered by
the Speaker this morning?
The SPEAKER jiro tempore. It would not be
in order at this time. Under the rule thatha 
been read the gentleman from Maryland cannot
proceed, objection being made.
Mr. COLFAX, The gentleman from Ken-
tucky afew minutes ago asked me whether iUvaB
the intention to press this resolution to a vote to-
day. I replied that I did not intend to call the
previous question to-day. I do not intend myself
