470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 3,
this country but in the sovereign raafis, and that
they had vested a portion of that in the States,
and a portion in the United States, to be exercised
by Congress. We seem, then, to agree. I was
only inveighing against the presidential plan, and
contended that the gentleman himself should lend
his weighty support to overthrowing that plan,
and all who plant their feet upon the neck of pop-
ular sovereignty. By his own principle Congress
should undertake to settle the fate of eleven States,
I prefer that Congress should do it. Woe worth
the day when the American people consent that
that portion of the sovereignty which they dele-
gated to the States shall, by the accidents of for-
tune, or the malice of men, be vested in one man,
and he the holder of the sword and the purse. But
it is plain to any man who recurs to first prin-
ciples %that none of these consequences follow.
These States are in the Union, and there is no
power short of successful revolution that can drive
them out of it; and, Mr. Speaker, it is no longer
worth while for men of intellect and courage to
deny the fact—rebellion, double damned as.it is,
has been nieton our partand confronted with rev-
olution, a revolution of the Federal Government
against the States, of the rulers against the peo-
ple, the sword against privilege, of power against
liberty.
The States are not out of the Union. They arc
in the Union, in the old Union, thank God ! not an
" atrocious idea," but a living, imperishable re-
ality, " dear to every true American heart;" a
Union, sir, that will be the theme of histoiian
and bard while time flies through the coming
centuries; no degradation of this present, no re-
creancy of the friends of " liberty and union, one
and inseparable," can dun the glory of its secure
past. The old Union an atrocious idea 1 Founded
by the mosteai nest, convinced, disinterested, and
able men that ever blessed any Age, by its career
of prosperity it has demonstinted the value of its
idea« and vindicated the wisdom of its wise
founders, placing- them on the roll of fame side by
su)<* with thebuilders of nations. At the mention
of Romulus and Numa Pompilius the names of
Washington and Madison rise spontaneously to
our lips; and although not one complete century
lias labored upon the work projected and founded
by these men mid their compeers, yet the most
sublime monument built to thegloi y of the fathcis
of nations has been the history by land and by
sen," at home and abroad, of this old Union. That
old Union, home ofi'ehgion, of laws, of letters, of
arts, of arms, in the career of gieatness had no
paiallel in all the'times before it, and distanced
every contemporary nation; in the pei tod rounded
by one man's life, it rose fiom thiee million peo-
ple to thirty million, fiom thirteen States to thn l,y-
ioui; and the thousand yeais to come, should
ileavon decico its n.stoiatjon, will augment its
it nown. That Union an " atrocious idea!" The
thou&htitselfis tin; only atrocity. Is it necessary
to destroy that Union th.it slavery may perish?
No, whatevet else may chance in tins great con-
vulsion, let the old Union be preserved with its
centra! idea ofpopular soveiet^nty—souTeurnty
in the States in matters purely domestic, ,ind in
the United States in national matteis-, but behind
and above, most powerful, invigorating all, the
sovereignty of the people.
So , this is a much larger business, developing
by the logic of events, than African si aver}'. We
have got far beyond that, in this very act winch
you piopose to amend then; are the seeds of nun
that stretches beyond oil questions of African sla-
very. You have heard it proclaimed that y; icsts
upon the light of conquest, the obliteration of
eleven—theiefore of thn ly-four—States. What,
then, is in truth the real issue before the country ?
It is a question whether revolution shad go on
or whcthci the Amei iean people shall ariestit.
What a spectacle doe.s u present in this the nine-
teenth century! A revolution of power against
tiie people, of the ruler against the masses, of the
Executive and the Army, if lam to believe its
representatives on this floor, against the people.
Shall the Executive of the United States have
these vast powers confided to him? Shall we con-
Bent that by the conquest of Louisiana and ten
other States he has become lord paramount in
that country, the sovereignty of this people vested
in him to be parceled out to hisswoinadherents,
and we to furnish our blood and money to sup-
port the ten men against the ninety? will it not
be a question, when the question of A fnean slavery
shall be settled and foigotten, whether the people
of this country shall tule or whether the Execu-
tive shall ruie; a question whether Congress shall
exercise the sovereign poweis delegated to the
United States or one man with the sword and the
puise shall grasp and wield them all? And do
not gentlemen fear for the stability even of that
great party which now holds the nation trembling
in its grasp when they go beyond that theme with
which they have moved the masses in America
and fomented those passions that now rage in the
land, and attack the very ideas upon which our
institutions are founded, the sovereignty of the
masses and the rightof self-government?
It will be seen, then,Mr. Speaker, that I agree
this far, that in this civil war all the people inside
of the hostile territory,and subject to rebel sway,
arc our enemies, and that we have a right to treat
them as such while the war lasts; but it will be
seen also that I maintain they are citizens as well
as enemies, not responsible criminally since they
became belligerents for their acts to our municipal
laws, but against whom we wield the weapons of
war to beat down the rebel force and restore our
qualified sovereignty. The time will come, I trust,
when the rights for which we wage war shall be re-
stoied to the localities from which they have been
expelled, and the qualified sovereignty of the Uni-
ted States agam asserted there; when our custom-
houses shall be opened, our navy-yards reestab-
lished, our forts recaptured and garrisoned, and
our courts again opened, with thejudgeupon the
bench. Then questions of protection and alle-
giance, the reciprocal rights and duties of Govern-
ment ami citizen, will he discussed and decided.
1 apprehend that it will be decided that all who
levied war against the United Slates when tin; Uni-
ted States offered them protection, and was in a
situation to protect them, arc guilty of treason; but
that all who submitted to a belligerent power, a
Revolutionary conspiracy at a time when the Uni-
ted States were neither willing nor able to protect
them, might lawfully do so and pay their allegi-
ance to that lebel power, and keep ltfaitlifully in
peace and war. 1 believe that from that time ipr-
ward, while the Governmentof the United States
continued unable to protect them they were ene-
mies and not traitois, lesponsible to the laws of
war, and not lo our municipal laws; but that after-
wards iiom the moment our dug again flew over
them, and its authonty was again restoied, and the
oiler of protection made to them, the Government
might lawfully challenge the obedience and allegi-
ance of every man, whether willing or unwilling,
a;^l hold him criminally responsible theneefor-
waid for every act of" levying war."
Hut these are not all the objections I have to
confiscation. No, those which remain aic insur-
mountable. Even if we had the power, under the
Constitution or the laws of nations, to do this
mighty mischief, on grounds of policy and jus-
lice I oppose and protest against it. Look at the
power vou put into the hands of one man. By
this act you put the lives and pioperty, real and
personal, of six miibon men, women, and chil-
dren in the hands of the President of the United
St,lies. Ife holds the power to execute that sav-
age law upon them, or to giant them an amnesty
upon such teims as he may dictate.
That man is again a candidate for leelection to
the Piesidency of the United States, and by our
Constitution ho may he a candidate a third, a
fourth, a fifth time, or as often as his ambition
prompts or the piessuie of party necessities com-
pels lam. It will not do to tell me that he is a
\ irtuous and unambitious man. i might concede
that to the fullest extent, but the people of this
country have not intrusted their u^hts and privi-
leges to uny«teingle man upon a blind faith m hu-
man virtue, and"ihcy will be deaf to the teachings
of their ancestois and the warning voice of his-
tory if they ever do.
But in addition to that power over six million
people, this same man has an Army of veterans
of five, six, or eight hundred thousand. He has
at his control $800,000,000 perannum. The moral
power of wielding that A rmy, of controlling that
immense sum, and of exeieising powers of life
and death over six million of our fellow-citizens
tends necessarily to the destruction of our liber-
ties. Theic is no .safety for democratic institu-
tions when we confide those large powuis to one
man. I concede the necessity, I concede the pio-
priety and duty of putting m his hands the sword
and the purse to secure victory to our arms. We
must do it. But I would do it surrounded with
all those guards which a jealous love of our lib-
erties demands at our hands; nor would I go ojie
step fuither than the direst necessity compels. A
candidate for reelection, with five hundred thou-
sand men armed to the teeth,representing nearly
every family in the land, with another army of one
hundred thousand office-holders or moie stationed
in every village in the land, with $800,000,000 per
annum—a fabulous sum—should we not tiemble
with apprehensions for the future in view of such
a power?
You will recollect that the idea of $20,000,000,
$30,000,000, or $40,000,000 a year in gold set the
nation ciazy with the discovery of the precious
metals in California. You will recollect how the
adventurers of Europe swarmed on the discovery
of America, when they learned that it was rich
in silver and gold. But all the gold that has ar-
rived from California siace its discovery would
not amount to the sum which the President of the
United States now has within his control every
year, and falls far short of the wealth which con-
fiscation sunenders to rapine and plunder. Be-
hold the moral influence of it. We are a money-
loving, a money-seeking nation. Be it mentioned
among all the glorious virtues of the American
people that they love money and seek it with
passion and avidity. What expectations and
hopes will not that $800,000,000 a year and the
plunder of the South inspire! How many syc-
ophants, flatterers, convertites, apostates, and
plunderers will it make! The love of gain, the
passion for sudden riches, already heated to fever,
will spring up in allheartsand debauch the nation.
Invited or uninvited, all look to and will be de-
pendent upon the man who dispenses this coveted
patronage and wealth, and all with activc zeal
will celebrate his virtues, and in spite of his
shnnking modesty "buckle honors unwillingly
on his back." IIow will the horse contractor,
Mr. Shoddy, Mrs. Shoddy, Miss Shoddy, and
Master Shoddy celebrate the praises of that one
man, and cry "copperhead! copperhead!" upon
every man animated by the ancient spirit of free-
dom and democratic jealousy of power who pro-
tests against this policy! In the midst of it all you
arm this one man with power over the lives and
property of six million people. Ah ! you say,
he will not exercise it. I pray Heaven he may*,
not; but J have so often seen him driven fiom
positions that he occupied and promised to keep
that I fear the pressure of that power of plunder
which this policy evokes and augments.
Then agam it breeds a crop of venal plunder-
ers, heartless and ravenous and limitless, to swarm
over eleven States, to prey on helpless men, wo-
men, and child i en. We have had a specimen of it.
Talk with those who have been down the Mis-
sissippi and in the West as to the influence on the
Army and on citizens of those measures of the last
Congress which authorized the Secretary of the
Tieasury to seize and appropriate the products
of the South. IIow many lately holding affinal
stations, or sitting in the halls of legislation, have
gone where these licher fields ofadventure invite?
How many have resigned commissions in the
| Anny to engage in speculation in the midst of
those scenes ofsocial chaos, where the only law is
<£ the good old rule, the simple plan," the law of
fraud and force? Do you think the passion for
plunder is confined alone to shoddy and horse con-
tractors : No, it is to be found everywhere. Evei y-
where *i all classes the passions of avidity, venal-
ity, riches-getting rage. The clergy, the laity,
soldier, civilian, contribute to the flood of venal-
ity that pours a lava tide of blight and death over
the land; and Congress cries havoc! and hounds
it on.
1 maintain that the virtue and the integrity of the
citizen are the surest bulwaik in peace orwai;
and that system of legislation which places tempt-
ations mighty as these before the citizen aims a
fatal stab at democratic, institutions.
The leading jurists of America, as of the wot Id,
have expressed their hearty condemnation of con-
fiscation. Are we wiser and better than them all?
1 beg now, sir, to call the attention of this House
and of the coun try to the voice of onl y one—Judge
Story. Judge Story, speakingof the reasons ad-
vanced by the advocates of confiscation, says: .
'* But ilnsviewol the &ubjoct !•-> wholly unsatisfuctoiy.
