1864.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
not a permit to manufacture, shall ho liable for each and
every offense to a penalty of fifty dollars, and, in addition
thereto, a forfeiture of nil the articles, as aforesaid, so pur-
chased or received, or tlie full value thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-two,
line five, to strike out the word " annual"before
"product;'* in line six to strike out the word
" sum "and insert"rate,"and after the word "dol-
lars" to insert" per annum;"in line nine to strike
out the word "annual" before " product;" in line
ten to strike out the words " the sum of $600" and
to insert the words " such rate;" in line eleven to
strike out the word "sum" and insert" rate,"
and after the word "dollars" to strike out the.
words " the sum of $600 shall be exempt, and;"
in line thirteen after the word " collected " to in-
sert the word ".only," and after the word "above"
to insert the words "the rate of;" and in line
fourteen, after the word " dollars" to insert the
words "per annum;" so that the section will
read:
Sec. 92. And beitfurther enacted, That allgoods, wares,
and merchandise, or articles manufactured or made (ex-
cept i edited petroleum, lefined coal oil, gold and silver,
spirituous and malt liquors, manufactured tobacco, and
snuff and cigars) by any person or firm, wheie the product
shall not exceed the rate of $600 per annum, and shall be
made oY produced !>y the labor of fcuch person'or firm, or bv
his or their family, shall be, and are, exempt from duty;
where the product shall exceed such late arid not exceed
the rate ol $1,000, the duty >hail be levied, assessed, and
collected only upon the excess above the rate of $600 per
annum ; and in all other cases the whole amiual product,
including any business or transaction where one party has
been furnished with materials, orany part thereof, ami em-
ployed by aiiothei paity to manufacture, make, or ftnishthe
good-, wares, and ineichandi>e,or articles, paying or prom-
ising to pay therefor, and to whom the same are returned
wh«*n so made and finished, shall be assessed and the duty
paid theieon by ihe^roelucer or manufacturer: Piovuled,
That whenever a producer or manufacturer shall use, or
shall remove for consumption or use, any article, goods,
wares, or merchandise, which if removed foi sale would be
liable to taxation, he shall be assessed upon the salable
value of the articles, goods, wares, or merchandise so used
or so removed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to change the
phraseology in that proviso a little, in line twenty-
two, I move to strike out the word "use" and
insert " consumc," and in line twenty-three I
move to strike out the words " or use;" so that
it will read:
Prowled, That whenever a producer or manufacturer
shall consume, or shall remove foi consumption, any at ti-
des, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the ninety-
third section of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. In the fourteenth line of the
ninety-third section, after the word "coal," I
move to amend by inserting the words " and coal
mined and used exclusively for the distillation of
coal oil." I think it eminently proper that those
words should be inserted. 1 undeistund it was
the original intention of the committee of the
House of Representatives to make the clause read
in that way. The remnant of coal after it has
been used for the distillation of oil is utterly
worthless. I do not think the coal used exclu-
sively for the purpose of being made into oil
should be subject to the tax that is imposed by
this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not subject to-4t
now.
Mr. POWELL, Those who wish to protect
that interest think it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This relates to the man-
ufacture of foreign coal altogether.
Mr. POWELL. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That coal will pay its
duty in the first place at the mine.
Mr. POWELL. I wish to prevent that by
inserting these words: " and coal mined and used
exclusively for the distillation of coal oil." That
will excltfde it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There will be no reason
in that whatever.
Mr. POWELL. I think there is a very good
reason for it. This clause proposes to lay a tax
on the coal, and then the bill lays a tax on the
oil. I do not think the business can stand the
double tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That would only be giv-
ing Kentucky a preference over other places. ^
'Mr. POWELL. Kentucky has very little in-
teiest in the question, comparatively. Other
States are more interested than Kentucky. West
Virginia has much more interest in this matter
than Kentucky, and so has Pennsylvania.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky at this time, unless objection be made
to it.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. I would rather go through
with the committee's amendments first. The Sen-
ator can make a memorandum of it, and offer it
afterwards.
Mr. POWELL. This is a very short amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I could not allow it to
be inserted now without further examination.
Mr. POWELL. Well, I will withdrawit for
the present.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section ninety-three, line twenty-five, to strike
out the words " five hundred thousand cubic feet
per month,a duty of twenty cents per thousand
cubic feet" in the following clause: " on gas, illu-
minating, made of coal, wholly or in part, orany
other material, when the product shall be not above
five hundred thousand cubic feet per month, a
duty oftwenty cents perone thousand cubic feet,"
and to insert m lieu thereof " two hundred thou-
sand cubic feetper month, a duty of ten cents per
one thousand cubic feet; when the product shall
be above two and not exceeding five hundred
thousand cubic feet per month, a duty of fifteen
cents per one thousand cubic feet."
Mr. SUMNER. I suppose the committee have
looked into this subject, but still the scale that has
been adopted is not according to the information
that 1 have received. I venture to suggest that
" five cents" should be substituted for " ten cents"
in the twenty-eighth line. In making that sug-
gestion I wish to rcmaik that I am for the highest
tax that is practicable; but according to the in-
formation I have received this lax of ten cents
where there is but two hundred thousand cubic
feet of gas per month manufactured will opeiatc
to extinguish those comparatively small concerns,
and therefore the Government will get nothing
out of them. 1 am assured from a quarter well
informed on this subject that five ccnt^ is as much
as those small concerns manufacturing only at (he
rate oftwohundred thousand cubic fcetpermonth
can pay. My information, of course, cannot be
as extensive as that of the committee; it may be
found, on mqniiy, inadequate; but it is such as
produced an impiessionon my mind; and there-
fore I throw out the suggestion. I do not care
about making a monon on the subject.
Mr, FESSENDEN. We carefully examined
that subject on a communuation from a gentle-
man from Massachusetts, and came to the opin-
ion that this was the proper rate to fix. It will
make too great a distinction to put it down to
five cents in the first case. The Senator will sec
that we have struck off one half when the pro-
duct is above that amount.
Mr. SUMNER. I observe that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is as low as we
can make it, considering the other rates.
Mr. SUMNER. - As the Senator says that the
subject has been looked into caiefuily by the
committee, I shall not press the suggestion.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment was in scction ninety-
three, line thirty four, after the word " twenty"
to strike out the woid " five," and in line thirty-
five to strike out the word "thirty" and insert
" twenty-five;" so that the clause will read:
When ihe product tdiall be above five hundred thousand
and not exceeding five million cubic leet per month, a
duty oi twenty cents per one thousand cubic feet; when
the product .shall he above five milium, a duty of twenty-
five cents per one thousand cubic feet.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
thiee, line eighty, after the word "purpose" to
insert the following proviso :
Jhid ]>rorided also, That naphtha of specific gravity cx-
cecdingeighty degiees, according to Baume's hvdioweter,
and of the kind usually known a* gn&oline, shall be s>ab-
ject to a tax of five pei cent, ad valot em.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in scction ninety-
three, line ninety-nine, to strike out the following
clause:
On molasses, simp of molasses, concentrated molasses
or melado, and cistern bottom*, produced directly fiom the
sugar-cane and not made from sorghum or imphee. and On
cane juice, when removed from the plantation, a duty of
five percent.ad valorem.
And to insert in lieu thereof; / ] . ^
On molasses produced from the sugar-carte, and not ftoin
sorghum or imphee, a duty ofsix cfeuts per gallon.
On sirup of molasses or sugar-cane juice, wheufcmoVed
from the plantation, concentrated mbiasses or moiado,  «d
cistern bottoms, of sugar produced from the sugar-cane and
not made from sorghum or imphee, a duty of one centuad
one fourth of one cent per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in -section ninety-
three, line one hundred and eleven, to strike out
the word " directly" in the following clause;
On brown or Muscovado sugar not above No. 12, Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from the sugir-cane
and not from sorglium or imphee, other than those pro-
duced by the refiner, a duty of two cents per pouftdi '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three,lineone hundred and eighteen,-tostnke oat
the-word " three" and insert" two and one half;-"
so that the clause will read:
On all clarified or refined sugars above No. 12 and not
above No. 18, Dutch standard in color, produced directly
from the sugar-cane and not from sorghum or imphee, a
duty of two and one half cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line one hundred and twenty-two, to strike
out " four" and insert" three and one half;" so
that the clause will read;
On all clarified or refined sugars above No. 18, Dutch
standard in color, produced directly from the sugar-cano
and not from sorghum or imphee, a duty of three and one
half cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line one hundred and thirty-seven, after the
word " cents" to insert " per pound;" so that the
clause will read:
On sugar candy, and all confectionery made wholly or
in part of sugar, valued at not exceeding twenty cents per
pound, a duty of two cents per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line one hundred and fifty-three, after the
word "twenty" to insert "eight;" in line one
hundred and fifty-four, after the word " twenty"
to insert " eight;" in line one hundred and fifty-
five, after the word " thirty" to insert " eight;"
and in line one hundred and fifty-seven, after the
word "thirty" to insert "eight;" so that the
clause will read:
On gunpowder, and nil explosive guidances used for
mining, blasting, artillery, or sporting purposes, when val-
ued at twenty-eight cents per pound or less, a duty oi one
cent per pound ; \vhen valued at above twenty-eight cents
per pound and not exceeding thirty-eight cents per pound,
a duty of one and a half cent per pound; and when valued
at above thirty-eight cents per pound, a duty of eight cents
per pound.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line one hundred and eighty-two, to strike
out " ten" and insert " five;" so that the clause
will read:
On screws, commonly called wood screws, a duty of five
percent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, after line two hundred and sixteen to in-
sert the following clause:
On photographs, or any other sun picture, being copies
of emriavings or works of art, or used for the illustration
oi books, a duty o( five per cent, ad valotem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line two hundred and twenty-one, afterthe
word " articles" to insert "except vessels pro-
pelled exclusively by sails;" so that the clause
will read:
On all repairs of engines, cars, carriages, or other arti-
cles, except vessels propelled exclusively hy sails, when
such lepaitb increase the value of the article so repaired
ten per cent, or over, a duty of three per cent, oh such in-
cleaned value.
Mr. SHERMAN. That exception ought not
to be extended at any rate beyond vessels em-
ployed in the foreign trade.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken
about that. This does not apply to the question
of freight.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not speak of that, but
of vessels on our western lakes. I know nothing
about the commerce on the Atlantic seaboard, and
