151%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 9,
of the proposition to expel my colleague. I wish
to be allowed a few momenta for that purpose,if
the generosity of the House -will accord me that
' privilege.
Mr.-COLFAX. I will say to the gentleman
that while I do not think this debate ought to be
prolonged so as to interfere with the business of
the House, I will not myself call the previous
question on the resolution until gentlemen shall
nave had a reasonable time for discussion.
_ I n&w demand the previous question on the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mv, COX. That is not necessary. No one
objects to .the postponement.
Mr, COLFAX. Then I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
The furthev consideration of the resolution was
then postponed until Monday nex-tattwo o'clock.
'Mr. WASHBUR'NE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of privilege.
Mr. COX. i move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man has not the floor for that purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Illinois has thefloor and will state his ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. I offer the followingresolu-
tion:
Wheieas Hon. Benjamin G. Harris, a member of the
House of. Representatives of the United States trom the
Statu of Maryland hah on ibis* day used the following lan-
guage, to wit: u'flni South asked you to }ft them go in
peace. But, no; you said >ou would bring them into sub-
jection. Thaus not done yet,and God Almighty granttluU
ii never may be, I hope that you will never &ul>jugate the
South." And whereas sueh language is treasonable, and
is} n gross diMespect of cEus limine: Therefoie,
Be it resoh-uh That the said Benjamin G. IIarius be
exp. lied lioin 1I1N H<>u<-f*.
Does the Chair entertain that as a question of
privilege?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes.
Mr. "WASHBURNE,of Illinois. On that res-
olution 1 drmnnd the previous question.
Mr. PENDLETON. I raise the point of order
that the resolution is not, under the CxM rule of
the House, in order. The gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania (Mr.Tkacy] rose to a point of orderon
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Haukis,]
which was overruled, and Mr. Harris was al-
lowed to proceed. Then the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Wasuhukni:] rose to a point of order
on (he gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,]
and culled for the reading of the G&l rule. The
words uttered by the gentleman from Maryland
were rerjuiied to be taken down at the Clerk's
desk. They were taken down and were read from
the Clerk's desk, and the gentleman fiom Mary-
land was taken from the floor. He was not al-
lowed to proceed, under the Gist rule of the House,
without unanimous consent, and the gentlemnn
from Illinois intei posed his objection. That oc-
curred after the words were uttered, for which he
seeks now to introduce this resolution of expul-
sion. Other gentlemen have since taken part in
the debate, and other business has intervened.
Now, this is a resolution of censure, a resolu-
tion of expulsion—-the highest kind of censure—
and my point of order is that under the G^d rule
of the House it in not entertainablc after business
has intervener!. Thegentleman from Illinois will
not fail to remember a notable circumstance of a
similar kind that occurred at the last session of
Congress when a colleague of mine (Mr. Vallan-
dighapi) was called to order, and a resolution of
censtue offered next morning, which was decided
by the then Speaker (Mr. G'row) to be out of ol-
der under this rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I meroly
desire to way one word in tcply to the gentleman
from Ohio on his point of order. I say thqj in
this ease the rule of the House lias been distinctly
and R|"'cifieal!y complied with. After the gen-
tleman from Maryland had made his remarks the
geiith man fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Tracy] first
ruis< d the point of order, hut he did not conform
to the lule which the gentleman from Ohio has
ad vei ted to, and then I made the point of order and
had the words taken down at the Clerk's desk be-
fore any other business had intervened. But it
is a matter of utter indifference whether that is so
or not. This resolution is just as much in order
as was the resolution to expel the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Long.]
Mr. COX. I give notice to the House that on
Monday when the matter comes up 1 shall make
the same point of order in respect to the case of
my colleague, [Mr. Long.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man is entirely too late.
Mr. COX. We will argue that at the time. I
desire to say in reply to the gentleman from Illi-
nois 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
yield the floor to the member from Ohio. Mr.
Speaker, there is but one word more 
Mr. ANCONA. I object to the discussion of
the point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have the floor.
Mr. COX. I call the gentleman to order. [Cries
of" Order I" " Order!" from the Democratic side
of the House.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I call the
gentlemen on that side to order. I introduced the
resolution, and am entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. I object to debate upon a question
of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not pro-
pose to discuss the question of order. [Loud calls
to order from the Democratic side of the House.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have the
floor on the resolution.
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir. I have thefloor
on my point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
decide the point of order. In the opinion of the
Chair, the gentleman from Maryland in his re-
marks was entirely out of order. The objection
was made in time. The language was taken down
as speedily aspossible, and the mles of the House
were complied with. The Chair, therefore, over-
rules the point of order. The Chair will further
state that the rule which has been lead applies
to a motion to censure a member, while this reso-
lution is for his expulsion.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio has not the floor for that purpose.
Mr. COX. 1 ask the Chair to put my motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i call the
gentleman to ouler. I have the floor.
Mr. COX. I addressed my motion to the
Speaker. The gentleman from Illinois is not
Speaker of this llousejust yet, and could not be
elected. ILnu^hter.j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And the
gentleman from Ohio is in the same category.
[Renewed laughter.] 1 demand the previous ques-
tion on the preamble and levolution.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I desiiu to appeal to my
colleague to withdntwhis demand for the pre-
vious question. This is a very important question,
and the gentleman will remember that there has
been no discussion whatever on this resolution.
Mr. WILSON. 1 object to the withdrawal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
men all around me object to the withdrawal of the
demand, and I decline to do it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now ad-
journ. I do not want to vote upon a matter of
this sort without some deliberation.
The motion was disagreed to—a yes.'>8, noes 70.
Mr. ANCONA. I move thatthe resolution be
laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
now upon the adoption of the preamble and res-
olution, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I ask if the question iaupon
the preamble and resolution, or only upon the
resolution ?
Mr. ANCONA. I call the gentleman from Ohio
to order. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is true; but the rules
of the House are not to be violated.
The SPEARER pro tempore. The question will*
be first upon the resolution.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, AUixm, Ames, Arideison, Ar-
nold, AMiley, Daily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bcaman,
Blame, Fjanois F. Blair, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, Wil-
liam 12. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobo,
Cole, Henry Winter Davis,Thomas T.Davis, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Dutnont, Eckley, Eliot, Frank, Gaifield,
Gooch, Grinnell, Hale, Higby, I-Iooper, Hotchkiss, Asaliel
W. Hubbaid, John II. Hubbard, Jenekes, Julian, Kasson,
lOlley, Francis W. Kellogs, Orlando Kellotrjj, Loan" Mar-
vin. McUnde, McCluig, Mcfndoe, Samuel F. Miller,Mor-
rill, Daniel Moirls, Ainos My«rs, Leonaid Myeis, Orth,
Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Ed"
watd II. Rollins, Schenek, Seofield, Shannon, Smitbers,
Spalding, Stair, Thayer, Thomas,Tiacy, Upson,, Van Vai-
kenburgh, Elihu B. Washburnc, William B.Washburn,
Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson', Windom,
rind VVoodbridge—81.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C<
Baldwin, Bliss, James S. Biown,Chanler,Clay, Cox,Cra-
vens, Dawson, Denbon, Eden, Eldridge, English, Finck,
Ganson, Grider, Harding, Harrington, Herrick, Holman,
Hutch Ins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kernan, Law,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long. MalJory, Marey, McAllister,
McDowell, MeKinney, Middleton, William H. Miller,
James It. Moms, Morrison, Nelson, Udell, Pendleton,
Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers, James S.
Rollins, Ross, Scott, John B. Steele, William G.Steele,
Stiouse, Sweat, Voorhces, Ward, Cnilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. White, Wlnfield, and Fernando Wood—58.
So the resolution was not adopted, two thirds
not having voted therefor.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. L. MYERS stated that his colleague,Mr.
O'Neill, was at home on account of sickness, and
had paired with Mr. Stuart.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Norton, was detained at his
room by sickness.
Mr. BOUT WELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. Rice, was detained by important business.
Mr. THAYER stated that Mr. Moorhead had
paired with Mr. Stiles.
Mr. DRIGGS stated that bis colleague, Mr.
Longyear, was absent on important business.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the res-
olution having failed, the preamble fell asamatter
of course.
Mr.SCTIENCK. Thatresolutionhavingfailed,
I now offer what I send to the Clerk's desk, and
upon itsadoption demand the previous question:
Resolved, That Benjamin G. Harris, a Representative
fiom the fifth di^tuct of the State of Maryland, having
spoken words tins day ui debate, manifestly tending and
designed to encouiage the existing lebellion and the ene-
mies of this Union, is deelaied to be an unworthy member
of this Houfce, and is hereby seveiely censured.
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. I
submit that it is too late to raise that point of order,
other business having intervened since the lan-
guage was used.
Mr. SCHENCK. That makes no difference.
If it had been uttered months ago I should offer
the resolution.
Mr. COX. I think my colleague is not quite
up to time. .
Mr. SCHENCK. I call my colleague to order.
The resolution itself not being debatable, the point
of order is not debatable.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the rule.
The SPEAKERpro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the question of order.
Mr. COX. The Chair has overruled me before
I had the mie read.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
familiar with the rule.
The previous question was seconded-, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr, MALLORY, I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 49, noes 78.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wag decided in
the negative—yeas 21, nays 82; as follows;
YEAS— Messis. James C. Allen, Ancona, BJis?, Cox,
Finck, Harding, Holman, William Johnson, Law, Lazear,
Marcy,Middleton, Moruson, Nelson, Pruyn, James S. Rol-
lins, Ross, Strouse, Waid, Joseph W. White, and Fernando
Wood—*2J.
NAYS—Mews. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baiiv, John I). Baldwin, Baxter. Be.nnan,
Blame, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Ambro.^eW'. Clark, Freeman Clarke. Cobb, Cole, Cravens,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon, Donnelly,
Drigas, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot, Fiank, Gooch. Grinnell,
Hale, Higby, Hooper. IJoichkisa. Abahel W. Hubbard, John
H. liubbard, Jenekes, Julian, Kasoon, Iveliev, Fiaucis W.
KHU.gg, Oilando ReUoi^r, Loan, Maivin, MoBride, Me-
Cluig, Mclndoe, Samuel P. Miller, Morrill, Dame] Morris,
Amoa Myers, Leonard Myers. Odell, Oith, Patterson. Per-
hain, Pike, Pomrroy, Price, William ii. Randall, Edvaid
II. Rollins, Schenek, Seofield, Shannon, Smithers, Spald-
ing. Sta r, John B. Steele,Thayer,Thomas,Tiacy,Upson,
Van ValkcnburghjEhhu H. Wushburne, William B, Wash-
burn, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and
Windom—82,
So the House refused to adjourn.
