472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February '3,
The question now before the committee is, shall
we pass or amend so as to make a more effective
enrollment law? Now, sir, before going into the
discussion of the merits of this bill, I had almost
betrayed myself into an anecdote. They tell me
they are not dignified in an assembly like this;
and it may be that in my little efforts i« my ole-
aginous district, [laughter,] which always runs
smoothly upon questions of the Union, I am some-
times betrayed into such undignified diversions to
illustrate a position.
I know not whether some gentlemen in this
Chamber ever pray for their country; I know not
whether some gentlemen in this Hall ever pray
for the Administration, that its counsels may be
guided by a wisdom that may be transmitted to its
successors; perhaps they may be like a clergyman
. in the heart of the rebel States, after we had de-
feated the armies of Jeff. Davis at one point. The
next day the religious people at that place got to-
gether for prayer, but they could find nobody good
enough to pray except one nervous, excitable
clergyman. lie arose, and lifting his holy hands
to pray in reference to the disaster which had be-
fallen the rebel arms the day before, looking up
toward heaven, he said, "Oh, Lord! 1 never saw
such a day as yesterday, and I don't believe you
did either." [Laughter.] I say, sir, if prayers
go up for this Administration from some quarters
it will be to tell the Ruler of all things that neither
the person petitioning nor Him supplicated ever
saw such an Administration,including thatof Jeff.
Davis.'
We are told, Mr. Chairman, that the draft law
is unpopular. It may be in the estimation of some.
Who made it so? It is the declarations of such
traitors as Chauncey C. Bun-, Clement L. Val-
landigham, John U. Andrews, formerly of Vir-
ginia, and lately, as that word has been introduced
here—I did not introduce it—lately the copper-
head orator of the city of New York. And 1 am
Sony that language such as that which lias been
used has found repeatci s in this Iiouse. Chauncey
C. Burr said, in a speech in New Yoik concern-
ing the draft, that " it is merely a highwayman's
cali.cn every American citizen for $300 or his life."
Did we not hear yesterday the remark, " your
money oryourlife?" " It is toyour clemency,"
he goes on to say, " that Abe Lincoln and all his
satiaps were not upon the gallows eighteen months
ago. The old booby thought he was king. Jeff.
Davis never did anything half so bad as Lincoln."
Honorable gentlemen do not use the last sentence
affirmatively, but they adopt its sentiment or ac-
quiesce in it.
What did Cle mont L. Vallandigham say upon
the same subject? 1 read fiom the Philadelphia
Inquire!:
" Vallandigham in New York.—One thing the Gov
minimi may a* well undent.unl first ,e last, nntl thsit i-, if
the sentiments which were uttered and a'pplnuih-d last
eveni^ sit tlie ' Demoeiatsc Union .Woeiation' meeting arc
to prevail, tlie enltneeinent of the eoncei iption hill in the
city ol New Yoik is eniuely out ol the <|ui'stu>ii. Vallan-
diulnim wu-> the oi.uor. ili'tVmng to the nisniic etion in
Poland, he said ' The people there had risen up a^ane-j a
consei iption, which, bad as u was. v<cs not lut/fai odious
as ours, ~ius(ri<i v as coti^uh rahi tyranny mi til ire hud outs.
As l< nix a> fi ee .tN^Miihlitv and net• dt-fusion wei o allowed,
Iw was m ta\or of sci'knnr tetin' w foi these iji iewinces at
tlie ballot-bo*, hut when those sate«uards weie invaded, ho
was in lavor ol scekinesoim: othei and moie efficient mode
Ol defending then liberties.'
" Then, in icgartl to the luil crnpowonng the President
to suspend the habeas corpus, ' that hill,' he said,' was un-
constitutional, and the same right of resistance that com-
mon law gives a man to pi event a trospa^sei t'rom entering
his house, cxi-ts with reference to that enactment.' Tin se
are specimen 'iukks1 tiom the ihetourul temple of dis-
loyalty. which the gentleman ftom Ohio eonMiueted for
tlie edification oi his hearers, and his hearc!-? ^tietched their
hin'is to give expression to their delight. A stranger drop-
ping into that hail,with hut httl< < fi'ort ot the imagination,
might have fancied himself m Richmond oi Chaiieston—
not in one of the loyal cities ot the North."
But there was one specimen of Democratic
oratory presented to the city of New York, by
Captain J. U. Andre ws, fonneily from the first !
families of Virginia, 1 suppose. Did we not;
heat ye.steulay the demagogical ciy—the same cry j
that lie utteied to cieate prejudice between the I
white men and the black men—that our purpose
is to elevate the black man to an equality with the ^
white man r If I dared to u^e the argumentum ad J
hominem, 1 think thatgentleman would be sorry to !
rise up to the height or go down to the depth of i
that position. j
What were the declarations of Andrews ? "You .
must icsist the draft. You must be cartful, foi I
the Republicans will endeavor to elevate theVlack
man to an equality with the white man." Let us
follow him. After making one of thesecloquent,
soul-stirring speeches to the Democracy of the city
of New York, let us follow this immaculate gen-
tleman. Let us see him as he winds his way
through the streetsand lanes until finally he reaches
the little house which he calls home. Arrived
there he is within the paramount influence of the
one whom he loves. Byron, once looking up at
the moon, carrying away the inspiration for which
England loves him so well; when he waslooking
at the moon, which at the time happened to have
retired behind a black cloud, Byron said:
ci The pale round moon looks dimly, ilaikly down."
Captain J. U. Andrews, when he found his
home, falling upon his knees and looking up into
the face of her who sat before him, might truth-
fully cxclaim, " You look dimly, darkly down,
Josephine, my dear." [Laughter.] Ah, sir, the
equality sought to be fixed upon black men,
indeed!
if honorable members, Mr. Speaker, would rec-
ollect the great distinction that they might make
from moral science—1 trust that they have learned
it, and I have the chaiity to believe thattheyhavc
foigotten it—that God has created all men equal
so far as their rights are concerned and their con-
dition as diversified as the individuals themselves.
Now, i believe that I have almost brought my-
self within the congressional rule of not speaking
to the question.
I was almost tempted to refer to the doctrine of
States rights, of which we heai so often and so elo-
quently. 1 will not argue the question; but 1 will
state a proposition. When was it that the States
were sovereign ? Was it when they weie depend-
ent colonies of the mother country? No, sir.
When was it that the States could revolve in a
radius wider than that of the national Govern-
ment? These States when born weie born m the
United States. They never had the so-called doc-
tnne of States right attached to them. I would
like a political philosopher of this day to tell me
when the States were born into the national sov-
eignty, except such as tics them to the Union.
Let us ask ourselves the question, " Have we a
right to pass anything like what is called a draft
law?"
1 may be a little dry now—and the committee
will excuse me—while 1 resume the track fiom
which, for a while, 1 switched olT.
i say, sir, that withoutone single syllable in that
Constitution except what is contained m that pie-
amble we have a light to pass a law like this, o-r
any law which will biing to the he!]) of the Gov-
ernment the milituiy power ot the nation. Who
so well qualified to frame a Governmentas those
who had just come out of the conflict and storm
of the Revolution? The preamble to thatinstru-
ment contains words which are sufficient as a
foundation upon which to build legislation like
that which the majonty of this House intend by
this bill.
'•To piovidc for the common defense" was a
pait of the pmpose for which this people com-
pacted—not leagued, but compacted—togethei,
and it is the power by which tlie)'weie united.
But, su, in section eight of the Constitution we
have these words: " to laise and supportaimtes."
There is our power as clear as the English lan-
guage can express it; and whenever a power is
gianted to Congress, all the means, all the apph- :
ances, and all the ways are necessarily given for 1
the puipose ol carrying the granted power into j
effect. Would not this section alone be sufficient? i
But to make the thing perfectly clear, these clear-
headed fathers of the Republic wound up that sec-
tion with the following language: Congress shall
have power "to make all laws which shall be
necessaiy and proper for carrying into execution '
the foregoing powers.'' What is an enlistment
act but a law to carry into execution powers del- 1
cgatcd to Congress to taiso and suppott aimies?
But we are not without authority upon that
point; and you, Mr. Chairman, and t-veiy law-
t ycr, know that if we can place our hands upon
1 the case, then, unless something is presented moie ,
authoritative against it, we have camedthe count
and jury. The Supreme Court of the United :
States long since has deeidcd or announced the
doctrine that ail the powers v. s'ed by the Consti-
tution in Congitss are full and complete in them- 1
selves, may be exuiiscd to then utmost limit, i;
and that there are no restrictions upon them, only
those prescribed in the instrument. (See Gibons
us. Ogden, 9 Wiieatnn, 196.)
But we have other authoiity; we have the au-
thority of a man who was oncc Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court of the United States, who was
a soldier in the armies of the Revolution, and one
of the first soldiers of the nation, and one of the
first judges of the land. What docs he say in his
Life of Washington? In showing that the draft
was made use of, he says:
" In general the Assemblies (of the States) followed the
examples of Congress, and apportioned on the seveial coun-
ties within the State the quota to be furnished by each.
This division of the State was again to be subdivided into
classes, and each class was to furnish a man by contiibu-
tions or taxes imposed on itself. In some instance^ a draft
was to he used in the last lcsoit."—Marshall's Life oj
Washington, vol. 3, p. 2-11.
Do we want better authority than this as to the
power of Congress, or as to the practice of our
nation in the days of its infancy?
I find my time is rapidly passing, though I did
not intend to occupy my hour. 1 must hastily
proceed. I ask this question, " What is a draft?55
Before answering that question, I would like to
lay down a proposition which I believe to be
sound, with all due deference to those who dif-
fer with me. I say every man in this country
owes it to his country to support it in timeof tiial;
that every man is bound to take up arms in de-
fense of the life of the nation. Every man is
bound to do that; and 1 know that Government,
in its humanitaiian ideas, m its liberal notions, in
its exercise of sovereignty as it pleases, may ex-
empt whom it will and hotw it will. But, sit, the
great proposition stands out boldly, and as the
truth, that every man is bound to march to the
battle-field to defend his country in the day of its
danger. In other words, the Government at this
time has a draft upon every man. She has her
hand upon every man'sshouldersaying, u Come;
my life is in danger; I am drawing you to my
suppoit; come, help me out of these troubles.
That is the position that the Government occupies
toward every citizen. Everyman is bound to go.
There is a connecting link, a sort of drawing-
string between the Government and its citizens;
and the draft is to ascertain which of those stimgs
shall be cut. We have been told that the draft is
to ascertain who shall go to fight the battles of
our country. Sir, that is a mistaken difimtion.
The draft is to ascertain who may stay at home,
for all are bound to go; and the man who cannot
see that has studied the Constitution and the
meaning of the true requisitions of our Govern-
ment to veiy little purpose, or he has gone to a
very bad school teacher for patuotic education.
How, sir, will you recruit your foices? 1 do
not approve of some of the piovisions of the bill
now befoie the House. I was not on the Mili-
tary Committee. 1 never thought of such a thing.
1 am not sufficiently a fighting man for that, that
is, in practice, although 1 may be almost as bold
as some other gentlemen in profession. I say
that the tiue policy would be to make a draft
lor a shorter peuod. I believe the committee
has decided that against me. I think the true
policy would bo to it'taiu the $300 commutation
clause, and perhaps it may be light to exempt
those persons also who from conscientious sciu-
ples and by the ai tides of faith to which they are
attached are opposed to engaging m actual con-
flict, yet to make them pay something and ap-
propnate it to peaceful purposes. But, sir, lam
not going to argue that question. There is an-
other point 1 might add, and I will add it for fear
some one else may get up and do it at some other
time when it has nothing to do with the question
before the House, that I think we ought to in-
crease the pay of the soldiers, which will aid m
diafting, as drafted men will get the
same pay as
other soldiers.
We are told by some that we can rely upon
volunteers, and that the people prefer that mode
of rcciuiting our forces. Bv what process of
reasoning, by what sound logical conclusion can
we ainve at the icsuk that because we have an
enrollment net volunteering is prevented? Ah,
sir, 1 can imagine why some of us are so muclun
favor of volunteeitug and so terribly opposed to
drafting. I can imagine it fot this reason, that {
find when there is volunteering all the willing go,
and when there is drafting some of the unwilling
have to go. Thete might, pelhiijM, be a parU-
