1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
473
san motive—though I do not charge it—in say-
ing ict us have nothing but volunteering, espe-
cially when the returns show that the volunteers
all vote one way. I think this is germane to the
question, as showing one of the reasons why op-
position is made to the passage of this or any sim-
ilar bill.
Now, sir, I have here the vote of the volun-
teers, and I will give it you in a very brief and con-
densed form. I will commence with Pennsylva-
nia. I like to begin with her, not only because
she is my own State, but for a better reason, be-
cause on her soil is the field of Gettysburg, and
there, like Bunker Hill in Massachusetts," it will
be forever." The Pennsylvania soldiers, before
our would-be Governor decided that they were not
fit to vote, cast their suffrages thus 
Mr. STILES. 1 would ask my colleague who
decided that the soldiers were not fit to vote ?
Mr. A. MYERS. I do not like to have my
time consumed.
Mr. STILES. Perhaps ray question is trouble-
some.
Mr. A. MYERS. I will yield to my colleague
for a moment.
Mr. STILES. I ask him what candidate for
Governor in Pennsylvania decided that the sol-
diers were not fit to vote?
Mr. A.MYERS. The Hon. George W.Wood-
waid decided that soldiers had no right to vote
when they were away from home inthefield, be-
cause they were not at home, and last fall, when
they came home, the Democratic judges at elec-
tion boards decided that they had no right to vote
because they were at home. [Laughter.")
Mr. STILES. He decided no such thing. He
decided your act to be unconstitutional, together
with a majority of the supreme court of Penn-
sylvania, which decision you disregarded.
Mr. A. MYERS. Yes, sir, lie did decide that
the act was unconstitutional, and when the sol-
diers got a chance to vote they decided that he was
unconstitutional. [Laughter:]
Rut, sir, Pennsylvania soldiers in 1861 gave
11,351 votes for the Union ticket, and 3,173 votes
to the other ticket, making a majority of 8,178 in
favor of the Union ticket. Iowa—oil, 1 like to
come to her next, she stands right here, not al-
phabetically, it is true, but she stands right on
the lecord everywhere and all the time, and her
increasing majorities for the Union make one love
to eall her next on this roll—Iowa, in 1863, gave
17,041 for the Union anil 3,004 for the Democratic
ticket, making a majority of 14,037. No wonder
that some of us are opposed to a draft! Wiscon-
sin, glorious State—it does not take long to count
her votes—Wisconsin polled 9,257 for the Union
and 747 for the other side of the political Jordan.
Sir, I come to another State, and perhaps I ought
to have said that I come to one more gladly than
all the rest; for, sir, the question was squaiely
made between the soldier and a man who was as
much like Judge Woodward as the Siamese twins
weie alike. Ifyou sever the political cartilage that
binds them together both will die. Ohio soldieis in
18G3 cast for the Union 41,453 votes, and for the
man who now sits near Niagara's-roar and sings
"God save the Glueen," 2,391. Here is the vote
from Libhy prison, not rebel, but Union prison-
er: for Brough, 162; for Jewett, 1; for Yallan-
digham,0. [Laughter.]
Sir, these are interesting statistics. I would not
have read these figures but that I want them to go
oil the record of the nation. This little book in
which I have them entered might not live long
enough.
Rut, sir, the Administration could not be let
alone without a fling at it the other day in respect
to its treatment of what was called the favorite
general of the army of the Potomac. I did not
intend, if it had not been thrown out in this way,
to say one word against that once tavonte general,
either here or elsewhere. But when an attempt is
made to stab this Administration, to misrepi esent
this Administration, one which the people have
taken up, determined that he who for four years
lias held the helm of State so steadily shell run
the good ship into port, I cannot be silent. Politi-
cians may think and say and do as they please,
but God and the people are for Abraham Lincoln.
Jeff. Davis and the others may be for whom they
like. [Laughter.]
General McClellan may have been the favorite
of the atmy of the Potomac for a while, and pei-
hnps he was to a great extent until, the night be-
fore the Pennsylvania election, he changed his
base. What did he do? Ho issued a bulletin
which was posted upon the street corners through-
out the city ot Philadelphia and in all the eastern
towns which could be reached by print, and which
was flashed to the utmost extentof the telegraphic
poles on swifter pinions than the wings of the
wind, that he had been in consultation with George
W. Woodward; that on comparing notes, on
looking at the report of the peninsular campaign,
and at the last report of the decisions of the Penn-
sylvania supreme court, he came to the conclu-
sion that they were exactly alike. Well, the
soldiers do not like the man who says he agrees
with one who, in 1863, said he was in favor of
withdiawing our troops to north of Mason and
Dixon's line. They do not like the man who de-
cided that soldiers had no right to vote in Penn-
sylvania. They have no love for the man who
was an original Know-Nothing in Pennsylvania,
commencing this principle in 1837, when he
thought that foreigners were not good enough to
vote. And when their favorite general under-
takes to say that he agrees m such sentiments,
he is to be the favorite no longer. Our people,
sir, are an adaptive people. You can make tliein
a nation of soldiers from being shepherd boys in
six months; and you can make them worship
and curse the same idol within twenty-four houis.
I think, sir, that 1 have heard it said,after claim-
ing that this act was unconstitutional, that if the
necessity existed the member would waive all
objection and vote for it. That is; " I swear to
support the Constitution of the United States.
That law is unconstitutional, but if it is necessary,
I will violate my oath a little and vote tor it."
[Laughter.] Sir, we did no such thing us that.
We want this diaft for the purpose of filling up
to as great an extent as we can our ranks from
the unwilling. We want to puttheminto theold
regiments, "l care not how much of a copperhead
(the word has been brought into this debate and
I take the liberty of using it) a man may be, just
sandwich him between two old veteians, and I
will insure you he goes into the tight. _ [Laughter.]
Sir, there may be a greatstruggle in the spring,
and we owe it to our country that we should
speedily fill up our Army. The way to make the
struggle buef is to present a bold, united, strong
front to the enemy, and that is the object of this
bill. We wantmen to be dratted into the Army.
The soldiers in the Army want a draft, and 1 say
let the soldiers'will bedone. Let us have a diatt
and an inciease of the Aimy.so thatwe may en-
courage the daring and heroism of our brave sol-
dieis to crush out the last lebel foe that comes
against them. Let us do that, and then let us,
oh, let us confiscate every species of propeity of
rebels now and forever.
" What will you do with this property when
confiscated?" 1 have a way of disposing of it.
I would take a part of it and throw it into our
Treasuiy, about the solvency of which some peo-
ple have so much concern. The rest I would
parcel out into sections and give them to the men
who have fought our battles. 1 do not know as
it is necessary to go into the details ot that di-
vision, but I think I would give to evory single
man eighty acres, to every married man one hun-
dred and sixty, to every mai ried man with a child
one hundred and eighty acres, and if God bless
them with twins, thiee hundred acres; and tell all
the soldieis that like merit shall have a like re-
ward. [Great laughter.]
Sir, when this war is over, when the contest is
ended, there will be some men m our country
heartily ashamed of their expressions. Oh, they
would give their foi tunes to have the record of
their words blotted from the archives of the na-
tion. When the contest is over two classes of peo-
ple will leave the Ninth: the colored man will go
South because the Noitb is too cold for him^and
the copperhead will go South because the Noith
will be too hot for him. [Laughter.] The first
will be the result of geographical frigidity; the
second the result of a mental patriotic burning
torrid i ty.
Sir, I say again, fill up our armies. Let us have
no more of tins whining, faltering, partisan spirit.
At fust, some tell us, we were all united. Yes,
sir, we weie,and if we ba\e become divided, pray,
sn, which side uie you on r If it be true that
A'-idham Lincoln ImoIjcch guilty ofeome tvinn',
does that make traitors and rebellion right? Never.
Away with such nonsensical, illogical arguments
as that. i
One word more, and I have done. I say, let
us come back then to our first unanimous out-
burst of patriotism upon this subject. Let us
have no more of this party cry. The people,
the soldiers, and all the unconditionally loyal are
for a draft. Who are the men who oppose it? 1
have heard it said that men are subject to two
births. I am not going to argue the theological
distinction. I believe it is true that one marks
tl# entering of a man upon his existence—an
important period—and that the other marks the
period when a man, looking up to the great Crea-
tor of all things, hopes for a better life beyond
the grave, enters upon a new existence which
shall never end. And may it not be also true that
nations are the subjectof two births? Would it
be illogical to say'that this nation, when it first
took its stand among the nations of the earth
passed its first birth, retaining in its nature, it is
tiue, some grains of original sin, and that it is
now in the throes of its second birth? 1 know
.that in this great trial an ocean of patriot blood
has been and must be poured out; yet beneath
that purple flood the nation is to be cleansed, and
she will arise from her baptism, washed from
every guilty stain, to walk away in newness of
life. When that happens the goddess of Liberty
which stands above us will then loolf over all
this country, from Maine to the Gulf, from ocean
to ocean, and she would say, if she could speak:
"This, all this,is my country." But, sir, years
after this she will look over one hundred million
people, and if she could speak she would an-
nounce: " These, these are my countrymen, and
all of them free."
Mr. STILES. Mr. Chairman, 1 have listened
with some amusement to the rambling tirade of
my colleague [Mr. A. Myers]—I cannot char-
acterize it as a speech—and 1 rise for the pur-
pose of vindicating the character of a prominent
citizen of my own State, perhaps the most prom-
inent to-day, and whose private and public char-
acter scarcely needs vindication before this House
and befoie the country. X refer to Hon. George
W. Woothvaid, late candidate for Governor
in Pennsylvania. I do not intend to reply at
length to my colleague's unwarrantable attack,
uncalled for and unwise, m a discussion upon the
bill before the House. He said that the gentle-
man to whom I have alluded, who was a candidate
for Governor of Pennsylvania in October last.as^
a judge of the highest tribunal of the State had
decided that the soldiers were not fit to vote. 1
repel that charge as not true. The distinguished
gentleman to whom my colleague refers 1 believe
was legally elected Governor of Pennsylvania at
that election. But, sir, he was defeated by the
vote of the Army then stationed in many portions
of the State to carry out your draft under this
bill, and the numberless men sent from the field
pledged before obtaining furloughs to vote against
him. He never decided in any opinion delivered
by him that the soldiers were unfit to vote, nor
that they were not entitled to vote. He did de-
cide in the case of Chase vs. Miller that their vote
out of the election district where they resided be-
foie enlisting was against the constitution of the
Slate, and under the law of the State their vote
taken in camp was illegal. In this I believe all
, the judges of the supreme courtof Pennsylvania,
I with perhaps a single exception, concurred. The
I decision was expressly that the soldiers could
\ vote upon complying with the requisites required
by our laws. That decision has been approved
by the people, for since it was pronounced the
necessdiy steps have been taken to change the
constitution allowing soldiers to vote in the field.
The decision was entirely upon the statutes of
Pennsylvania under us constitution, and no judge
of that or any other State ever denied the right of
a soldier to vote when at his legal residence, and
after complying with the requisites of the law.
My colleague has referred to the fact that Judge .
Woodward was defeated for Governor. It was
believed at the tune and is now believed that if
there had been a fair expression of the sentiment
of the people at the ballot-box, that if the soldiers
who returned to their homes had been uninflu-
enced by the officers in command, and the Admin-
istration had not interfered, the majority would
ha\e elevated him to the highest office in their
