1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2&&>
foreign trade on the lakes, and the reason docs
not apply there as it does to the Atlantic coast.
The question is, whether you have a disposition
to break down a business which is so important
as the business of building sailing vessels in con-
nection with oar commerce. I say they should
pay a duty on freight, and the bill should be
amended in that particular for this reason: be-
cause our laws exclude foreign vessels entirely
from the coasting trade; they cannot enter into
competition with us; and therefore you may put
a duty upon the fteightof sailing vessels engaged
in our coasting trade; but you cannot put a duty
upon the freight of vessels engaged in the foreign
trade, because if you do you only take another
step to drive our commerce entirely from the
ocean. The Senator from Michigan, as the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, and
understanding this question, is quite as familiar,
or more familiar, with these facts than I am.
The House of Representatives, when the mat-
ter was explained to them, by a very large and
decisive vote struck out this duty on the repair
and manufacture of sailing vessels, as it was
proper they should do. Although the reason
for that exception does not apply upon the lakes,
that is to say, so far as the building of vessels is
concerned, because th^re is no foreign trade there,
to the same extent, yet you cannot pass a law
laying an excise duty that is not equal and the
same through all sections of the country. You
cannot pass an excise law applicable to the State of
Vermont and not to the State of Maine. Therefore
1 say you cannot pass an excise law which shall
apply to the Atlantic border and not apply to the
lakes, or vice versa. That is the reason why we
cannot make an exception. The Senator fiom
Ohio says he will admit that perhaps the reasoning
is true as applicable to the shipbuilding interest
on the Atlantic border, but it does not apply to
the shipbuilding interest on the lakes. You might
make an exception if you saw fit, if you could do.
it constitutionally; but you cannot pass a 1j*w of
this kind that shall apply to one section of the
country and not to another section of the coun-
tiy. These excise laws must be equal.
This question affects my own State very ma-
terially, and it affects all the States on the Atlan-
tic border; and I say to gentlemen that if you
undertake to pile on these discriminating duties
on the building of sailing vessels the result will
be that you will break down the shipbuilding
interest. Senators, whatever section of country
they may represent, do not want to do that, I
take it. For the sake of imposing those duties
on the vessels upon tire lakes they do not want'
to break down the shipbuilding interest on the
Atlantic coast, in my judgment that would be
almost the inevitable result; and that was the
opinion to which the House of Representatives
came. I beg Senators, therefore, to consider the
question as it stands in the estimation of those
who are most familiar with it.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator entirely mis-
apprehends the commerce of the lakes. lie says
we have no foreign commerce. Why, sir, we
build a very Luge number of ships, and theyi\ro
engaged in foreign commerce. Then, again, a
large proportion of the commerce of the lakes is
do|p) by sailing craft. 1 do not know what pro-
portion, but I should think thrte fourths or ibur
fifths of the w^ole commerce of the lakes is done
by sailing vessels. I believe there are more tons
of sailing vessels constiucted and put afloat in
the State of Michigan than there arc in the State
of Maine. All I claim is justice between the
pai ties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You are not exposed to
competition with foreign trade.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have a foieign trade.
We have a regular line from Detroit to Europe.
There are just as regular lines between Detroit j
and Liverpool as theie are between New York
and Liverpool, only there are not quite so many
of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. About two vessels a
year.
Mr. CHANDLER. Thirty-eight. We build
a very large number of these sailing vessels of a
certain draught and size, that go through the
locks, for sale. ,
All I claim is justice between the parties. The ;
owneis of steam vessels on the lakes say, " We ;
are willing to pay our tax for the support of the I
Government, but give us justice; we come in
competition every day with the sailing craft and
they can underbid us; why will you tax us and
relieve the sailing vessels ?" I can see no reason
on earth for the distinction. It seems to me to
be a manifest injustice without any reason what-
ever. So it strikes me. I may be mistaken. I
think I am not.
Mr. HOWE. I live on the lakes myself, and
1 cannot conceive of any lake interest that we are
going to protect or promote by impaling a tax
on the building of sail vessels on the lakes, es-
pecially if the like manufacture is to be exempt
from taxation on the coast. The Senator from
Maine insists, and 1 understand the Senator from
Ohio concedes, that because of the competition
between the building of sailing vessels in the
British provinces and on the sea-coast in the Uni-
ted States they must be exempt from this tax
there; but he still insists that the tax ought to be
imposed upon the building of sail vessels on the
lakes. My understanding is that the building of
vessels on the hikes for sale on the coast is an es-
tablished business; and 1 do not understand how
we are going to promote the interests of that busi-
ness. [ do not understand why we do not strike
a very injunous if not a deadly blow at it when
v$e propose a tax of three or five percent., or any
other rate, on the building there and exempt the
building on the Atlantic coast from a like tax.
We give the building of sail vessels on the At-
lantic coast a protection of whatever the rate of
duty is over the building of those vessels on the
lakes when we are trying and are building vessels
there for sale on the coast, and selling them every
year in huge numbers. If, therefore, the build-
ing on the coast is to be exempt from duty,U
seems to me of the utmost importance that no
duty should be put upon the same manufacture
on the lakes.
I confess I do not see the difficulty in the way
of imposing a tax on this whole manufacture
wherever they are built. The Senator from
Maine argues that it will increase the cost of the
vessel so much that it cannot compete in the
mat Icet with the foreign-built vessel. I will in-
quire what is the rate of duty proposed, three or
five per cent. ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Two per cent.
Mr. HOWE. Then a vessel that will cost
$100,000 would pay $2,000; and the argument is
made here that to add $2,000 to the cost of the
vessel would not enable it to compete with a for-
eign-built vessel m freighting. I should not have
suspected that, and i hardly think it is true. I
hardly think any such danger is to be anticipated.
But if it is the judgment of the Senate that the
building of any vessels should be exempted from
the duty, I certainly hope all will be. 1 hope the
building of vessels on tne lakes will be put on an
equal looting with the building of vessels any-
where. «
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state the history of
this matter so far. as it is presented on the fuce of
the bill and as I remember the discussion in the
House of Representatives.
The bill as reported from the Committee of
Ways and Means.taxed the building of all sail
vessels two per cent., the building of hulls two
per cent., and repairs three per cent. The House
in the course of the debate inserted at the end of
the bill the section referred to by the Senator from
Maine. It was not reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means, but introduced perhaps by
a member from the State of Maine. It is the one
handled and seventy-sixth section of the bill:
Tluit tins tax levied in section ninety-three shall not be
held to apply to vessels propelled exclusively hy sails.
That was then made part of the bill and sent
to us. The Committee on Finance of the Senate
stiuck it out m the place where it was, and in-
serted it in this clause on page 135 of the bill.
There are two ideas contained in this bill: one
is to levy a tax on eveiything that is to be con-
sumed in this country, higher or lower. Scarcely
a single article manufactured in this country is
exempt from taxation; but we do exempt from
taxation a large number of articles that are man-
ufactured in this country and exported abroad.
Even whisky may be exported abroad free of
duty. That is the general principle of the bill,
not to tax our productions which come into com-
petition with the production of foreign countries.
When we came to apply these principles to the
building -of vessels we found this (jUfSculty^ there
is no reason why vessels built in this country,
should not be taxed except that it might destroy
or injure our own business in the competitioft
with the building of foreign countries. That was
the only reason that I know of for this exception.
But as the- tax is only two per cent. I am dis-
posed to agree with the Senator from Wisconsinp
and apply the tax to all. Certainly, if it is ftp-
plied to steamboats it ought to be applied ti> sail-
ing vessels. There is no reason for that distinc-
tion. I hope, therefore, we may have a vote on
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance, and if that should b<? rejected it wilt
leave the matter open to stand upon the House
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will agree,
I presume, that this is precisely the same as the
House provision, only it is put in the proper place.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already intimated
that it is only a transposition; but the provision
as it came to us in the bill was not a provision re-
ported by the framers of the bill, but a section
inserted on the motion of some member of the
House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that make any dif-
ference ^
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not make any dif-
ference; but it shows that the framers of this bill
in contemplating and framing this system did not
distinguish between sailing vessels and any other
vessels*
Mr. FESSENDEN. The framers of the bill
made no sort of objection to it when it was of-
fered, but admitted its propriety.
Mr. SHERMAN. That I do not know any-
thing about; but there is no reason for this dis-
tinction. There is no reason for'exempting the
manufacture of ships from this tax, unless the
Senator from Maine or some other Senator can
show that such an insignificant tax as two per
cent, on the hull of a vessel would destroy our
ship-building interest in the eastern States. It
does not seem to me it can be so, because, if so,
our taxes will prevent the building of steamboats
and the building of all other vessels. I do not
think a tax of two per cent, on the hull of a ves-
sel will prevent any man from building ships in
the State of Maine or any other State. It cer-
tainly would not prevent the building of any ves-
sel in the West. This shipping interest is a very
large one, and a tax of two per cent, upon all the
vessels built in the United States will yield a very
considerable sum of money, and 1 think we
might ns well apply it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on the amendment of the committee, and declared
that the " noes" appeared to have it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must ask for the yeas
and nays upon it. It is a matter that I deem to
be of so much importance to my State that I want
to have the expression of the Senate by yeas and
Days.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Clark, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Johnson, Morgan, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van
Winkle, Willey, at*it Wilson—13.
NAYs>—Messis. Anthony, Chandler, Collamer, Conness,
Davi«, Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmitli, Pom-
eiuy, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Sherman, Sprague,
Trumbull, and Wade—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buekalevv, Carllle, Cowan,
Hale, Harding, Hicks, Howard, McDougall, Morrill, Itid-
dle, Saulsbury, Wilkinson, and Wright'—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line two hundred and twenty-five, to strike
out the word " ships" before the word " steam-
boats," and after the word "vessels" to strike
out the words " not propelled exclusively by
sails;" so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That on such repairs made upon steamboats
or otiier vessels, not propelled exclusively by sails, a duty
of two per cent, only on the increased value shall be as-
sessed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That amendment must
be rejected according to the vote of the Senate
just taken.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line two hundred and thirty, after the word
" craft" to insert " except vessels propelled ex-
clusively by sails."
The amendment was rejected.
