1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'■rms
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution,
Mr. THAYER calietl for the yeas and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BROWN,ofWisconsin. Before thatques-
tion is taken, I appeal to gentlemen on the other
side to modify the resolution,
[Cries of " Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 23, nays 80; as follows;
YEAS—Mes«rs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Oliss, Chan-
ler, Clay. Demson, Eden, Eldridge, Hernck, Philip John-
son. William Johnson, Law, LeBlond, William U. Miller,
Morrison, Pendleton, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, llogcrs,
Ross, Siiouse, Chilton A. White, and Fernando Wood—Q3.
NA YS—Mfsr-s. Allpy, Allison, Amos, Andm^on, Ai nolii,
Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John i). i'aldvvin,
Baxter, Beaman, Maine, Boutweli, Boyd, Broomall, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Cole, Hemy Winter Davis, ThomasT. Davis, Dixon,
Donnelly, Drijjgs Dumont, Eckjey, Eliot, Frank, Gooch,
Giinnell, Hale, Harrington, Ilighy, Hooper, llotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Ilnbbard, Jencke*, Julian,
ICa^on, lveJb'y, Francis W. Kuliogjj, Oilando Kellogg,
Loan, Marvin, MeBude, MeOluig, Mclndoc, Samuel F.
Miller, Morull, Daiftel Moriis, Aino* Myers, Loonaid
Myers Onh, Patterson, Pike, Pomeioy,Price, William II.
Randall, EdwaidH. Rollins, Schenck, Seofield, Shannon,
Smitheis, Spalding, Stair, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy, Up^on,
Van Valkenbuigh, Ehlm B Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Web&ter, Whaley, William#, Wilder, Wil&on, and
Windom~80.,
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a privileged
question. I desire to enter a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the message of the Pres-
ident of the United States was referred to the Mil-
itary Committee yesterday.
The motion was entered.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now move that the
House adjourn, inasmuch as the previous ques-
tion is seconded upon the resolution, and 1 sup-
pose it is immaterial to gentlemen whether the
vote be taken to-night or Monday.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 23, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—>I(w. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwi'i, James S. Blown, (.'hauler, Clay, Demson,
Eden, Eldndjje, IJerrick, Philip Johnson, Law, Long,
Matcv, Middleton, William IL Miller, Moiiiaon, Pendle-
ton, Piu}ti, Stiouae, Joseph W. White, and Fernando
Wood—^3.
NAYS—Me^rs, Aliev, Allison, Amw, Anderson,Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,
Francis 1'. Blaii, Boulwell, Bojd. Broomall, Ambtoso
W.Clark, Freeman Claike, Cobb, 'Cole, Homy Winter
Davis,Thomas 'J'. Davis. Dixon. Donnelly, Di iggs Dumont,
Eliot, Gooch, GrmnPlI, Hale, ilari insfon, Iligiiy, Hooper,
Hotehki-s, A^ahol W. Iluhhaid, John [l. Ilubhanl, Jenekes,
Julian, Kasson. Ivelley, Francis W. Kellogg. Orlando Kel-
logg, Loan, Maivui, McBnde, MeCluig, Melndoe, Samuel
F. Millei, jMorull, Daniel Moiris Amos IVJjers, Leonard
Myers, Odell, Orth, l\ittet«on, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Wil-
liam H. Randall. Ed waul li. Itolhns, Schenck, Seoftold,
Scott, Shannon, ^imtheii, Sun, Thayer,Thorns, Tracy,
TJpson.Van V-.lke'ibnrpb. Eliliu U.VVaj-hbmne,William B.
Washburn, Webster, Wbaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Wirtdom, and Wmfield— 60."
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Farnsworth had been obliged to leave the
Hall on account of illness.
The question recurring1 on the passage of the
resolution,
Mr. THAYER demanded the yeas and nays.
' Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 1 ask to be excused from voting
on the ground that I applied to gentlemen on the
other side to modify the resolution so that it should
express simply a censure, and they refused.
Mr. ANCONA. On the motion to excuse, I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a division on ex-
cusing the <renth.n.an from Wisconsin.
Several Members. Too late.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, sir, I am not too late. I
call for a division.
The question was put, and one member voted
in the aifu mati\e.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not desire to leave the
House without a quorum, and therefore withdraw
the call for a division. My only object was to
state that I desire to be excused on the same
ground as the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. ANCONA. I renewthocall for a division.
The House divided, and the motion was dis-
agreed to—ayes 8, noes 88.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to excuse the Chair-
man of the Committee on Military Ajfairs from
voting upon this question. [Laughter,]
Mr. SCHENCfc. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs does not ask to be ex-
cused from any vote, and he does not dodge.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in older to ask the gen-
tleman who offered the resolution to modify it?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order;
the previous question having been ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Fiancib P. Blair, Boutwell, Boyd,
Broomall, James S. Biown, Ambrose W. Clark, Fieeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Henry Winter Davis,Thomas T.
Davis, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eckley, Eliot,
Engh&h, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gooch, Giinnell, Hale,
Hairington, Hiaby, Ilolman, llotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-*
baid,John H. Ilubbaid, Jenckcs, Julian, Kasson. Kelley,
Francis YV, Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Kcrnan, Loan,
Marvin, McAlhstci, McBride, McClmg, Mclndoc, Mid-
dleton, Samuel F. Miller, Morn!!, Daniel Morns, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myeis, NeUon, Odell, Oilh, Patterson,
Pike, Pomeioy, Piiee, William H. Randall, Edward H.
Rollins, Sehenek, Scofiold, Shannon, Smitheis, Spalding,
Stan,John B.Steele, William G. St 'tle,Thayer,Thomab,
Tracy. Upson, Van Vaikenbmgh, Ehhu B. Washburne,
William B. Washburn, Webf-tei, Whab-y, Williams, Wil-
der, Wilson, Wmdom, and Wintield—9y.
NAYS—Mes^is. James C. Allen, Aneona, Bliss, Chanier,
Deni-on. Eden, Eldridge, Law, Le Blond, William IL Mil-
ler, ATmri on, Pendleton, Pruyn. Samuel J. Randall, Ross,
Stiouse, Chilton *A. White, and Fernando Wood—18.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. THAYER stated thatMr. Moorhead had
paired with Mr. Stiles.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Harris, was detained at his room by illness.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that his colleague,
Mr. Noble, was confined to his room by indis-
position.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, (on motion of Mr.WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, at five o'clock and twenty minutes, p.
m.,) the House adjourned until Monday next, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 11, 18fi4.
Prayer by Rev. Charles M, Tyler, of Mas-
sachusetts.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
The Secretary called the Senate to order and
said: The Secretaiy has received the following
letter from the Vice President:
Vice Prlsidknt's Chamber,
Washington, 9, 1864.
SiR: t shafl he absent fiom the city on Monday next.
Please communicate information ot this fact to the Sen-
ate on Monday morning.
Yours, veiv respectfully, II. HAMLIN.
Hon. J. W. Fornky, Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. 1 submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That in the Absence of the Vice President, Hon.
Solomon Foot be appointed President pro tempore ot the
Senate.
The resolution wasagreed to unanimously, and
Mr. Foot took the chair as Presidentjjro tempore.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I rise for the
first time, and I.trust it will be the last time, to a
personal explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa asks unanimous consent to make a per-
sonal explanation. No objection being made, the
leave is granted.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. Piesident, doubtless Sen-
ators have observed upon their desks this morn-
ing what purports to be a report of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, arid to have beeu presented
to the Senate by the chairman of that committee
on the 7th of April last. It has been distributed
for tlxe first time thismorofrig. The report con-
tains the following paragraph: - ' ■ * "
" Your committee'cannot conscntto let this'subjmp^ss
from the consideration of the Senate without briefly in-
verting to the circumstances under which fhis bill was Re-
ferred to them for their consideration. Several Senators
who spokaou this subject professed -to kno/w- alf abouj. it,
and assured the Scnate*tlntt it was nothing bat the repteal
of a joint resolution, passed for a temporary purpose, atfd
whose only operation now was the obstruction and iumler-
ance of the wholesome operation of the cnrollmeat Jaw j
and they seemed impatientthatthe whole body oftfoe Sec-
tors were not as well acquainted with the subject as they
themselves were, indeed, the very suggesUon of refer-
ence to the Committee on Naval Affairs was seized upon
by one member of the committee for a severe reprimand |o
his colleagues on the committee*for tile manner in which
they performed, or rather neglected, their duties. Indeed,
bo earnest was the purpose to pass the bill without refer-
ence, that those who insisted upon the ordinary course of
legislation in this case wejc undoubted!} looked upori as
obstinately, if not factiously, opposing a simple act of legis-
lation which the immediate and pressing emergencies of the
country seemed absolutely to demand should be promptly
and immediately passedj audit was not till after the morning
hour had expired,and the subject had parsed from the con-
sideration of the Senate, that by the courtesy of an honor-
able member of the Senate, who never fails to respond to
any appeal to his courtesy, kindness, generosity, or sense
of justice, Hon. Mr. Harlan, of Iowa, the subject was by
hun permitted to be voted on after he had the floor on an-
other subject. And when the bill under these extraordinary
circumstances, was thus referred, the committee, the first
moment they cast their eyes upon the joint resolution thai
summauly sought to he repealed, found thai this bill would
not Qiilv repeal the obnoxious resolution ob-tmeting the
opeiation of the enrollment act, but would also repeal an-
other piovision of law which, in their opinion, ought not to
be iepeuled,butthe repeal of which would retuul and hinder
the object which we all wish to effect, namely, the filling
up of our Navy with able seamen."
Mr. President, I have taken the trouble to as-
certain,and Ifind that this is a genuine document.
It was presented to the Senate by the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs as emanating
from that committee, was printed at the public
printing press, and is filed among the archives of
the Senate. It is not, therefore, i can assure the
Senate, like another document which they may
have had their attention called to, printed at pri-
vate instance at a private press, in imitation of
the type, heading, and size of a Senate document,
to which were appended imperfect extracts of tes-
timony and a letter of a client to his attorney,
which did not tell the truth. Unfortunately for
both client and attorney, that client did not escape
the ordeal through which he was passing- quite as
safely as he represented. But although this re-
port purports to come from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, no member of the Naval Committee
ever saw it until it was presented to the Senate.
If any member of the committee did see it, let
him now state that he saw it.
As I receive no response, I infer that I am re-
peating correctly what each member of that com-
mittee has told me. Butalthough this report was
not shown to the members of'the committee, it
was shown, before it was presented to the Senate,
to other gentlemen than the members of the com-
mittee.
The reportsays that when the "eyes of the com-
mittee" were first cast upon the bill, they discov-
ered that there were two provisions of law which
it sought to repeal, leaving us to infer that the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
is the author of this production, and who is to be
held solely responsible for it, was not aware at
that time that there had been any legislation upon
the subject of advance pay to the sailors who en-
listed into the public service. I can inform the
Senator and the Senate that we had at the time
that resolution was passed a law which author-
ized an advance of three months' pay.
This report says that " this last provision"—
that in regaid to advance pay—"is believed to
be eminently wise, and well calculated to aid in
filling up the Navy with just that class of seamen
that are now wanted in the service." It is barely
possible that if the distinguished author of this
report had known that that section of the joint
resolution was adopted at my instance, he would
not have spoken so favorably of it in the report
as he has done.
Mr. President, if it be intended to be asserted
that any Senator assured the Senate in the debate
that was had on the introduction of the bill, upon-
which the report purports to be made, that noth-
ing was meant but a repeal of that part of the res-
olution which related to the transferor men, it
asserts what is not true. I have taken the trouble
to read that entire debate again to-day, and no
