2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20.
The next amendment was in section ninety-
three, line two hundred and thirty-two,after the
word " made" (o strike out the word " or," and
after the word " constructed" to insert the words
" or finished;" so that the clause will read:
On the hulls, as launched, of all ships, barks, brigs,
schooners, sloops, sail-boats, steamboats, canal-boats, and
til! other vessels? or water craft (not including engines or
rigging) hereafter built, made, constructed, or finished, a
duty of two per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
half past four o'clock having arrived, the Senate
will now take a*Vecess, according to its order,
until seven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 26, 3864.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at seven o'clock, p. m.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives (No. 82) in relation tolhe distribution
of books and documents was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
George W. GufFit, a match manufacturer in New
York, remonstrating against the mode of taxing
friction matches as proposed by the tux bill now
before Congress; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. ANTHONY presented additional pnpers
relating to the petition of C. A. Pitcher; which
were referred to'the Committee on Claims.
DISLOYAL INDIANS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution*, which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Secretaiy of the Interior be lu-!tnicteir
to report to the Senate what tiihe-> of Indians are in aim*
against the Government of the Tinted Stales, the locution
and extent of the re-ci ves ot such Indian rube*, the tenure
by which they hold them, the amounts leceived by «ne!i
tribes from the icbel niuhonues, and the dates when re-
ceived, in the shape of annuities, and the amounts paid
and expended by the Government of the United States for
such Indian tribes since they were paid by the rebel author-
ities, and also the number of loyal and disloyal of such
tiibes.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I submitted yesterday
morning a resolution of inquiry on the same sub-
ject, which waj^objected to by the Senator fiom
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] I should like to have
that taken up and passed now. I move that it be
taken up.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted yesterday:
Jlesoiue<l, That the Committee on Indian Aft'ajis be re-
quested to consider the question of confiscating the reserves
of all Indian tribes who are or have been in arm* again«t
the Government, ami piovidmg homes for the loyal mem-
bers of such tribe*; and to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
CONDITION OF FKICEO'IEN".
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to the Senate a copy of the piehminary report, and
also of the final repent of the American Freedmau's In-
quiry Commission, with the accompanying document#.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill,
the amendments of the Committee on Finance
beingacted on as they were reached in then-order.
The next amendment of the committee was
after the word " wood," in line two hundred and
fiUy-two of section ninety-two, to stiike out
" having beeny" so as to read:
That all furniture, or other articles made of wood, pre-
viously ahs-ut^ed, and a duty paid thereon, shall be assessed
a duty of five per cent, ad -valorem on the increased value,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, I call the attention of the
Senator from Maine to the two hundred and forty-
ninth line of this section. There seems to be some
ambiguity about it:
On all furniture, or other articles made of wood, sold
'in the rough or unfinished, a duty of five per cent, ad va-
lorem.
I do not see that there is any duty levied upon
the article when finished. It seems to me that
tho qualification "sold in the rough or unfinished "
applies to "all furniture or other articles made of
wood," and there is no duty on the finished ar-
ticle.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any am-
biguity about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any duty on fur-
niture finished ? What language covers it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will look
to the last portion of the section he will see that
all manufactured articles not enumerated and
made of wood, leather, or anything else, pay a
duty of five per cent.
flir. SHERMAN. A general provision of
that kind would cover it.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and seventy-six of section ninety-two to strike out
"four" and insert "three;" so as to read:
On bloom*, slabs, or loops when madoin forges or bloom-
erics, dircctly from the ore, a duty of three dolluis per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and ninety-two of section ninety-two, after the
word "spikes" to strike out "and horseshoe
nails when wrought by hand, kept for sale and
not for the use of tho maker in his trade;" and
in line two hundred and ninety-seven to strike
out " four" and insert "five;" so as to make the
clause read:"
On bund, hoop, and «hoct iron, thinner than No. 18 wire
gauge, plate iiou le.-s tlmn one eighth of an inch in thick-
ness, and eut nails and spikes, not including nails, taek<,
loads, oi finishing iinih, UMiallv put upund sold in paper--,
whether in papbrs or othmvise, nor hoise<hoc ncub
wrought by maeluneiy, a duty of live dollars per ton.
The amendment wiu agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGIIE. In the picvious clause, on
page 138, I notice a pro\ iso " that a ton shall, for
all the purposes of this act, be deemed and taken
to be two thousand pounds." I ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance if it is meant
that this proviso shall refer to coal,aton of which
in all commercial parlance is twenty-two hundred
and forty pounds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it refers only
to iron in that connection.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It appears to me to refer to
the whole act. There is nothing to limit it.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go until we get
through with the amendments of the committee.
I will make a memorandum of it, and we can con-
sider it afterwards.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and thiee of section ninety-two to strike out
" one dollar" and insert " two dollars;" so as to
make the proviso read:
Provided, That bars, rods, bands, hoops, sheets, plates,
nails, and spi^c-., not including Mich as are usually put up
in paper?, noi hoisohoe natl-. wi ought by machinery, as be
fore mentioned, m.inutactuied tiom iron, upon which the
duty of thiee dollar ha*, been levied and p.ud, shall he sub-
ject only to a duty of two dollars pci ton 111 addition there-
to, anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Tiie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and seven of section ninety-two to strike out
"two" and insert " three;" so as to make the
clause read:
On itou castings used for bridges or other permanent
structmes, three dollar*, per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word "ton,"
in line three hundred and seven of section ninety-
two, to strike out the following proviso:
Piovukd, That bar iion, used for like purposes, shall be
charged with no additional duty bejond the specific duty
imposed by this act when not mo eased in value moie than
ten per cent.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and fourteen of section ninety-two, to strike out
"three" and insert "five;" so as to make the
clause read:
On stoves and hollow-w die and castings ofiron exceeding
ten pounds in weight for each casting, not otherwise pro-
vided for, a duty of five dollars per ton.
The amendment was agrsed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred
and sixteen of section ninety-two, after the word
"nuts" to insert "and washers not;" after the
word "bolts" in line three hundred and seven-
teen to strike out " not less than four ounces in
weight" and insert " exceeding five sixteenths
of one inch in diameter;" and in line three hun-
dred and eighteen to strike out " four" and in-
sert " five;" so as to make the clause-read:
On rivets exceeding one fourth of one inch in diameter,
nuts and washers not less than two ounces each in weight,
and bolts exceeding five sixteenths ofone inch in diameter,
a duty of five dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
"not less than" before "three," in line three
• hundred and twenty-two of section ninety-two,
and in line three hundred and twenty-three to
-strikeout " fifty cents" and insert " two dollars;''
so as to make the proviso read:
Provided, That when a duty upon the iron from which
rivets, nuts, and bolts,as aforesaid, shallhave been made,
has been assessed and paid a duty of not less than thiee
dollars per ton, a duty only, in additionjherelo, shall be
paid of two dollars per ton"
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out" $1 50/'
in line three hundred and twenty-nine of section
ninety-two, and to insert " three dollars;" so as
to make the clause read:
Provided jurlkcr, 'That all iron and eastings of iron of
all descriptions, advanced beyond pig lion, blooms, *-ln!>s,
oi loops, upon which no duty has been assessed or paid in
the fotm of pig iron,shall be assumed and paid, in addition
to the foregoing rates of iron so advanced, a duty of thiee
dollars per ton.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was after the word
" smoked," in line three hundred and seventy-
two of section ninety-two, to insert " when sold
or removed for sale;" so as to make the clause
read:
(hi oil-dressed leatlierand deerskins, dressed or smoked,
when «oid or removed (or sale, a duty of five per cent, ad
lalortm,
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President 
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has no ob-
jection to this amendment, I suppose.
Mr. HARRIS. No, sir; but I wish to make
a suggestion. I desire to have this provision mod-
ified somewhat, and I will either propose my
amendment now or wait  *
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wait until we get through
the amendments of the committee.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line three hundred,
and ninety-eight of section ninety-tufo, to strike
out " ten " and inseit " five;" so as to make the
clause read:
Onfuisofall descriptions, when made up or manufac-
tured, a duty of live pei cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have di-
rected me to offer the following proviso as an
amendment after line three hundred and ninety-
eight of section ninety-two:
Provided, That all manufactured furs on which a duty
has been pieviously assessed and paid before manufacture
shall be assessed only on the iucieased value theieol when
so manufactured. $
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in linfcfour hundred
and six of section ninety-two, after the word
" shoes" to insert "gloves, mittens, and mocca-
sins;" so as to make the clause read:
On readj-made clothing, boots and shoes, gloves, mit-
tens, and moccasins, cap-, hats, and bonnets, or othei arti-
cles? of dresr. for the wear of men, women,or children, five
per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hundred
and seventeen of section ninety-two, before " per
cent." to strike out "five" and insert " three;"
so as to make the proviso read:
Prowled, That any tailor, boot or shoemaker, hat, cap,
or bonnet maker, milliner or dressmaker, exclusively en-
gaged in nicinuiacturins; any of the foregoing articles to
order as custom woik and not for sale generally, who *.hall
make affidavit to the assessor or assistant assessor that the
cntuc amount of such manufactutes so made does not ex-
ceed the sum of ,*$600 per annum, shall be e\empt fioiu
duty; when exceeding .<600 per annum a duty of three per
cent, ad valorem on the excess above §000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line four hundred
