1520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11.
Senator who gpoke upon the subject made any
such assertion. What were the facts? 1 intro-
duced a.bill to repeal the whole resolution; and
the question before the Senate was not whether
the bill should pass, not whether it should then
be amended, but whether it should be considered
iopjiof. I bad ■ the jo,int resolution sought to be
repealed lying before me. 1 intended to read and
Impound it to the Senate if they concluded to con-
sider'the bill; and the,# I intended to satisfy the
Spnaie if I could, and I think'I could have sat-
isfied. them, that both sections ought to be re-
pealed, the one which was adopted at my in-
stance as "well as Ih'e one proposed by the Sena-
tor from California, because i found that it was
creating confusion at the Navy Department and
confusion among the men who wished- to be
transferred and wished to enlist into the naval
Service. Here was an old law which allowed
three months' advance pay, and here was a new
law which allowed three months'advance pay,
but to be returned to the Federal Treasury out
of any piize money that the sailors might be en-
titled to; and the idea had been propagated by
■linen in New York and Philadelphia, and waa
jbeiu^ received as true by sailors, that these two
provisions were intended to cover the same ad-
vance, and would only entitle them to one three
months'advance pay, which would have to be
returned out of the prize money as well as Out of
their legitimate pay; and 1 thought it was better
to incorporate all the legislation on this subject
in some other bill, so as to make it perfectly clear
and patent to the dullest comprehension.
It is true that the resolution of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Conness,] which was sought to
be repealed, was intended to be passed merely for
a temporary purpose. No other design was ex-
pressed by him; but in order to facilitate the mat-
ter at the time, and as I thought it might possibly
stimulate recruiting at the different naval rendez-
vous, 1 proposed to add the section which I of-
fered as an amendment. When I found that it
was not answering the purpose which was con-
templated, and when I found, what 1ms been shown
by the experience of the last ten days, that in
consequence of the enrollment bill, which allows
avery locality along-our Atlantic coast to be cred-
ited with the seamen who may enlist into the na-
val seryice upon their military quotas, sailors
were beginning to come in, I did not think it was
necessary tirnt this additional three months'ad-
vance pay should be continued on the statute-
book. If the Senate had decided to consider the
bill, 1 should h ave attempted to convince them of
that fact, and I have no doubt I should have suc-
ceeded in doing so.
This report asserts that
"The very suggestion of reference to the Committer on
Naval Afiauy ivas seized upon by one member of the com-
mittee for a severe reprimaiidlo [lis colleagiieson the com-
mittee for the manner la which they perfoimed, or r.uhcr
Neglected, their duties "
Why, Mr. President, I never had the most re-
mote iilca of reprimanding the Naval Committee.
I knew too well by three years' expeiience how
the business oi the Naval Committee is conducted.
I know that the Senator from New Hampshire
considers himself the Naval Committee. 1 know
that he calls up bills whenever he chooses, and
disposes of them about as he chooses; and i waa
perfectly well aware, as is evidenced by the fact
sn connection with this report, which has been
submitted to the Senate without having been sub-
mitted to a single member of the committee, that
he was the man who was solely responsible for
the conduct of naval affairs.
Let me aay here one word in connection with
my.service on the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I have been for three years a member of that com-
mittee. I never sought to be placed upon it.
Every member of the party of which 1 am a mem-
ber who has been on the committee to designate
members of thecommittees of this body wilTbear
testimony that at every session I have sought to
be detached from that committee. It was un-
pleasant for me to be on that committee. I never
asked for any position on any committee, and
simply desired that I might be detached from that
• committee. Why did I not desire to serve onitr
For the reason I have stated, that it was unpleas-
ant to me. The Senator from New Hampshire
seemed to imagine that because he was chairman
of the committee, he had the entire control of it.
He told the Senate herein his place that at tite
commencement of this session he went to the
Senator from New York [Mr. Morgan] and pro-
posed to him to make him the chairman of the
Naval Committee. Why, sir, eighteen hundred
years ago there was a case somewhat similar,
when th§ Saviour of men was taken upon the
Mount and offered all that he beheld- if he would
only fall down and worship. There wad just
about the same power to bestow the gift in the
one case as in the other; and I am happy to say
that in each case both the tempter and the tempt-
ation were spurned.
Mr. President, I have no desire to serve on this
committee, because I believe that the Senator from
New Hampshire, the chairman of the committee,
is the most unrelenting, determined, persistent
enemy of the Secretary of the Navy, and of the
Navy Department, that there is in this country.
If there has been any opportunity when he could
assail the Department and thereby the public ser-
vice, either in public conversation or m private,
and he has not availed himself of it, I should like
to know when it was. He has been appointed by
this Senate to protect and guard and defend the
Navy Department, and he has protected and de-
fended and guarded it; butit is the protection that
the wolf extends to the lamb.
Mr. President, there is another report on our
tables, psesented at the same time from the same
distinguished source, on the subject of the naval
supply bill, which I had the honor to present to
the Senate, and which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naviil Affairs. This report says:
"The system"—
That is, the system of procuring naval supplies
tit present 
Mr. CONNESS. I will ask the Senator what
report that is?
Mr. GRIMES. It is Senate report No. 45,
distributed this morning and laid on the desks of
Senators:
" 'flu: system sought to be overthrown lias been ill opera-
tion, as before stated, for more than half a century, and,
in the opinion of your committee, has opeiatecl well, and
is well calculated to effect theobjeet smi<;litto be attained,
namelv, supplying the Navy at reasonable prices with the
best articles demanded for the service.
" Tile committee ore not aware of any Inconveniences
to the service bj the operation of the present system that
can be remedied, or even ameliorated, by tiie proposed
change."
1 undertake to say thatifany gentleman on the
Naval Committee saw this report, and saw that
which I have read, only one member of the Naval
Committee saw it except the chairman of the
committee.
What was the bill that I introduced, and what
is the present system ? At the instance of a friend
of mine, a member of this body, I undertook to
draw up a bill which I thought would obviate
some of the troubles in connection witlf theNavy
Department and abolish some of the corruptions
that 1 knew were prevailing in connection with
the furnishing of supplies under naval contracts.
1 called to my assistance those men in the Navy
Department and out of it, with whom 1 had con-
versed before and at the time that I drew it, who,
as I knew, had the most experience. After it
was dtawn the bill was sent to prominent mer-
chants in Boston, New York, and Philadelphia,
and from them I received replies and suggestions
in regard to amendments.
There was one point in connection with that
bill upon which there was a diversity of opinion
among those With whom 1 conversed, and that was
whether the purchase of naval supplies should be
confined to naval officers, including officersofthe
line and the staff, or whether they should be made
as they now are, through Navy agents who were
political appointees. Some of the gentlemen, and
among them the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, were in favor of appointing civilians to
these offices, but connecting them with the Navy
Department as the naval constructors are now
connected with it. I did not concur in that view.
1 believed that (he safest and best way was toap-
point naval officers of some grade, either of the
line or staff, to fulfill these duties, and 1 reasoned
from analogy as well as from experience. What
would betboughtof selecting quartermasters and
commissaries to supply your Army from civil
life alone, not making them military officers at
all,giving them no commission, not making them
responsible before a military tribunal for any of
their conduct ? And what, pray, is a Navy agent
but a quartermaster, and what is a naval store-
keeper'but an ordnance or military storekeeper,
each of whom is subordinate and subject to mili-
tary law for their conduct?
There being a difference of opinion on thissub-
ject between myself and those with whom I con-
sulted, I concluded in this respect to carry out"
my'own view. Butthat was the matter of small-
est consequence in the wliole bill. The eighth
section of the bill is in these words:
That all laws and parts of laws requiring bids to b's made
in classes of articles of supply, or that require all of tim arti-
cles enumerated in a class to be accented as an entire -bid,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Under the present s'yetem bids are submitted
in classes. Suppose the Government wants a
large quantity of vaiious descriptions of iron. An
order comes from the Navy Department to the
commandant of the yard to know how much and
what descriptions of iron will be needed at that
yard for the next year. The commandant says
to the master blacksmith, "Fill out a schedule of
these articlesand a description of them." The con-
tractor goes to the master blacksmith and cor-
rupts him. He bribes him, and gets him to make
a schedule certifying that be will need, for in-
stance, a thousand pounds of one inch square
iron, and ten thousand pounds of two inch square
iron. Thecontractorthereupon bids for the largest
article the smallest amount; for instance, a quar-
ter of a cent; for that of which thesmallestamount
is to be furnished he bids eight cents, the average
price of iron being four cents. Having this per-
fect understanding with the master blacksmith,
when the contractor is required to fill his con-
tract, and to go on as they are required to do,
and fill, in addition to the amount originally stip-
ulated in the contract, any more of that descrip-
tion of iron that is required, only a very small
portion of this quarter cent iron will be called for,
while enormous quantities of the eight cent iron
will be called for. Thus the Government is de-
frauded. So it is in regard to lumber, and so it
is in regard to every article of supply that is fur-
nished to the Navy Department.
Why, Mr. President, 1 have had an opportu-
nity within a few days of looking into this sub-'
ject. I have seen how these naval contractors,
under the present system, corrupt the officers of
the Government—Imean the subordinate officers
of the Government; I mean the master workmen
in the various navy-yards of this country—by
presents and by promises. I have seen, in the
handwriting of a contractor, a statement of the
amount that he received in one single itemofcop-
per, where, by collusion with the master me-
chanic, the Government had been charged an over-"
weight by which there was received upward of
$1,000, and that was divided into three parts be-
tween the men who were in collusion to corrupt
theofficerand to cheat the Government. Butthe
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs re-
ports to the Senate that there is 110 necessity for
any change of this description of dealing. This
bill goes on to declare: :
That if any contractor for naval supplies shall defraud,
or attempt tu defraud, the Government by false count
measure, weight, or quality of the article to be supplied!
or procure, or attempt to procure, the same to be done, or
shall directly or Indirectly give, or ofTerto give, to auy offi-
cer, employe, or servant of the Navy Department con-
nected with the puiehasing, inspecting, and cu^tudv of na-
val supplies or to any member of the family of anv suels
officer, employe, or seivant, any bribe or pieeeEtafany
kind or description, for any purpose whatever, or shall of-
fer, promise, or threaten to procure the removal, transfer
or promotion of any such officer, employ*, or servant, ho
shall, on conviction before a naval court-martial, beim-*
prisoned at hard labor in some penitentiary in the United
States for a period not exceeding five years, ami fined m a
sum not exceeding $10,000.
This bill also proposes to repeal the law au-
thorizing the appointment of Navy agents; and
why? 1 do not know but there may be honest
Navy agents; X will not say but that there are;I
hope and believe that there are some; bat I say
that under the present system we have no possi-
ble control over them, and I would get control of
them in some way, "We have no control over our
naval storekeeper* and I would secure control over
him. I am one of those who believe that a life
commission and the epaulets on the shoulders
ofa man who has been reared to believe that honor
is the highest consideration of any man and offi-
cer, is a greater guarantee to the Government than
