THE C0NGBESSI0NA1 GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C ."RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 4, 1864.
New Series No. 2J8.
this Congress should have occasion to refer to his
privileges. The fault is not mine. I cannot forget
that a Representative of the people has recently-
been censured in this^Hall for the candid expres-
sion of his opinions, and as a precedent of per-
secution for opinion's sake has thus been estab-
lished against all right and reason in the temple
itself dedicated to free discusssion, I consider it
due to my conception of the great wrong then ac-
complished to protest against its repetition in my
person. Sir, it would seem that an offended God
has already made visible the signs of retribution
for the recklessness with which we have been
plunged into civil strife. Our deluded people have
witnessed as its consequence the destruction of
all that was most precious to* them of their polit-
ical inheritance. The shrine of their liberty has
been profaned and its costly treasures trampled
under foot. They have seen the bayonetat their
ballot-boxes, the bayonet in their courts of jus-
tice, the bayonet in their legislative halls, at their
homesteads, and at their bedsides in the dead of
night. At every place once held sacred the bay-
onet has been seen, threatening, insulting, and
applying the rule of force to the will of freemen.
But while the ordeal of a presidential election
promised to purge the political system, the people
looked forward to that day for their redemption.
If that ark of safety had not been in view a del-
uge of popular resistance would have swept the
*and. But, sir, the people arc now asking, them-
selves, is it indeed in view? Is it more than an
illusion, a counterfeit presentment, a shadow of
the substance that is seen, mocking them with
false assurances? Do they not trace the weaving
of a snare for the ballot-boxes of next November?
If so, in their names I say that ruin must be
spared the Republic; if not through the forbear-
ance of tyranny, if not through some latent vir-
tue revealing itself at the eleventh hour in the
reckless aspirant, then through the resistance of
the people awakened at last from their sleep-walk
while at the biink of the abyss. Sir, it may be
held unreasonable that I should conjure up a
phantom for the future when so many real hor-
rors environ the present hour. But it is no phan-
tom, it is a reality, that awaits only the hour to
reveal its essence. By the fruitalready borne we
judge what fruit the tree will yield hereafter. We
have seen the military power stand between the
citizen and the expression of his will at the bal-
lot-box. "We have seen the elective franchise
controlled by aimed foice in States powerless
to resist the minions of tyranny who thwarted
them m the exercise of their most sacred right.
Our Ooesar then passed his Rubicon, and the
Republic may well fear that he will not hence-
forward pause in his unlawful career unless he
be swept from its course by the torrent of the
popular will sustaining the ballot-box, if need be,
with weapons as those which have assailed it.
Sir, I am convinced we are on the eve of a
final coilision between all of despotism thai has
been developed in the land and all of the love of
liberty that yet remains m the popular breast. J.
tiust fervently that the contest may be decided
with the elements of moral force; that those who
may be tempted to build a partisan or personal
greatness upon the luins of constitutional libei ty
will be checked in the ptesence of the wrath of
the multitudes by some wholesome attribute of
fear or conscience. But should the draughts of
power already drained have provoked an uncon-
trollable thiist foi more; should the stolen fiuit
of uuthoiity be so sweet as to have created an ap-
pt. ti to that knows no conscience and no discretion,
men, sir, the people will stand before theirtreas-
i.res with weapons in their hands. Let there be
no attempt to disturb the action of the elective
iKihebiM; at this crisis with fraud or violence, for
should theie be it will piovoke resistance and en-
gender war within a civil war. In Uiat event,
which may God avert! it will be vain to hurl the
cry of neason against the people, if revolution
comes, those \\ lie sh tii have attempted to defraud
the people Wtth false v<>t< s wilt be the io\oluUon-
isfp Theie i« a iMK'in poluvai for uiir
21^
guidance,and those thatdisturb it, be they officials
or be they private citizens, are responsible for any
convulsion that may ensue. If any candidate,
presuming upon any resources for compulsion
that he may control, shall assume to be elected by
virtue of the pretended suffrages of States where
the will of the people cannot be ascertained he
will be in the attitude of a usurper. His will be
the revolutionary action and the resistance of the
people will be resistance to the revolution.
Sir, the sacred tribunal is about to open for a
fair trial of the people's will. They ask no more,
they will have no less. Think not that the apathy
with which they have submitted to pastencroach-
ments will remain unbroken in the face of fraud
or violence at the presidential election. On the
contrary, be sure that this apathy was but the in-
fluence of a'resolve to redeem their rights in No-
vembcri They will be redeemed, at what cost I
know not, but they shall be redeemed. Thereis
not cunning enough in the crafticst intriguer to
defraud the people at that election, and for the
military power to enforce fraud I am convinced
will be in vain. The American soldier is an Amer-
ican citizen. He has intelligence as well as cour-
age. He appreciates the value to him of purity
in the elective franchise. He will understand
thatacandidate who claims the presidential chair,
or the Executive who retains it by virtue of false
votes, is not the President and is not the Com-
mandei-in-Chief. Sir, the Army will join with
the people to resist a usurpation of the chief
magistracy. They will then be the soldiers of
the Republic. If the retainers of the Executive
shall attempt to speak in the names of the States
galvanized into an unreal Federal existence to
secure electoral votes, their voices will be air and
will go for nothing. The people will acknowl-
edge no votes in tlie electoral college in the names
of States whose representation is impossible, and
where every sane man knows that the nominee
of the abolition paity could not get a hundred
votes from the real population of such States. It
will be safer to forego the attempt. The prize is
too cosily to be surrendered to the juggling of
even a master hand. He who shall claim the
presidential chair upon such votes will find its
rightful claimant ready to contest his seat. It
will be contested to the full effect that the right
shall be vindicated although it should be neces-
sary to anay the power of the States against the
power of the usurper. If the present incumbent
lias patronage enough at his command to secure
enough of j eal votes to elect him, so be it. Many
will be sorrowful for the people's degeneracy and
folly, but none will dispute their choice. The
candidate who shall be fairly elected by the voice
of the people constitutionally uttered will be their
Chief iVJagistiate, but none other.
lam aware that ai biliary power exercised with
impunity gives boldness to despotism, and I am
forced to confess that thenorthern people, untrue
to themselves and to their political faith, have tame-
ly submitted to despoticactsso wanton,daring,nnd
pernicious, that had their reason not been clouded
and their instincts deadened by the influences of
civil strife they would have resisted to the death.
That was m the hour of popular delirium. The
sudden transition 1'; oin the calm pursuits of peace
to' the intoxuation oi desperate warfare, the be-
wildering emotions crec>ud l-y the contemplation
of battle-field*, together with the sensational
harangu< « of demagogues and the alluring false
appeals m the name of the Union, acted bke the
spell of an enchantment on the masses, and in the
midst of the tumult and excitement they permit-
ted tyranny to obtain the tiist foothold upon our
soil. Tnen followed the strange, humiliating
spectacle of a nation of freemen passing under
the yoke without lifting hand or voice to arrest
their degradation. Like idiots chasing a swamp
fire, they cast aside everything however precious
that seemed to impede their coutse. Habeas cor-
pus, the right of trial by juiy, the fieedom of
speech and of the press, the independence of the
judiciary, the puvilege of faithful expiession of
opinion m OwhiTM'ss, the Monroe doctime, the
right of sanctuary to foreign refugees, the sanctity
of the elective franchise,all in fact that constituted
our republicanism, were betrayed, more through
our apathy than through our fears, into the hands
of despotism.
Sir, unless the influence of these precedents be
neutralized by the prompt repudiation of the peo-
ple, unless we make known to futuregenerations
that they were the fruits of a passing madness,
to be atoned for by the guilty and marked with
the sign of condemnation, I hold them fraught
with greater danger to republicanism, with greater
misfortune to the people, than the dismemberment
of the Republic. Better that the sections should
be separated eternally, or that each State should
resume the distinct political existence it held at
the close of the revolutionary war, than that the
several Commonwealths should lose their inde-
pendence in the ordeal of forcible reconstruction.
But now, sir, I fully believe that the frenzy is
over; the spell is broken; the danger is no longer
disg-uised in thegarbof military necessity. The
people perceive their own folly and the crime of
their misrulcrs. They look forward to the bal-
lot-box of next November as to a tribunal where
judgment shall be rendered upon political crim-
inals and they shall not be baffled by either fraud
or violence.
Sir, I appeal to this House to exert what influ-
ence it possesses to secure a perfectly fair and
legal election in November. The temper of the
people is such that they will brook no devices,
from whatever source they emanate, designed to
elevate a nominee in defiance of the popular will.
Bear in mind my warning thatthe pent-up indig-
nation of the masses is reserved to be launched
with irresistible fury against him that shall dare
to trifle with their right of suffrage m November.
The fanatics of 18G0 scoffed at the idea of civil
strife: let the intriguers of 1864 more justly ap-
preciate the signs of the times and beware of firing
the train that will lead to another and if possihlH
a more terrible explosion. The history of the
revolutionary past of other climes presents many
a hideous precedent that should startle the ambi-
tious schemer from his dream of usurpation. The
power achieved by plots against the prerogative
of the people is dangerous to all, but most dan-,
gerous to him that wields it. Let him that medi-
tates treason against the elective franchise reflect
that he purposes to crush the last hope of the
people, and where hope is crushed there comes
despair and frenzy to instigate to deeds of vio-
lence. Shall not the fate of Robespierre, mangled
and torn by an infuriated populace, tumbled m
a day from the zenith of his power and perishing
amid the jeers and curses of his betrayed country-
men, appall even the callous nature of one too
suddenly elevated and destined perhaps too sud-
denly to fall' A people provoked to the extremity
of wroth are not appeased without a victim, and
their victim is always the highest that i* guiliy.
Heaven grant that no act of usurpation in No-
vember, no trifling with the elective franchise, m>
forcing of fraudulent votes into the electoral col-
lege, shall put a climax to the violations of the
Constitution that have filled the measure of the
people's patience. I will rather hope that the
uuguiies are false, that the signs have lied, that
the evidence of our senses is not to he trusted,
that the ballot-box on the 8th of November will
be permitted to render the true verdict of the peo-
ple, and that that veidict will be respected and
obeyed. But, sir, the vindication of the elective
franchise will bring us only to the threshold of
redemption. However much we may lesolve to
follow the landmarks of constitutional freedom
in a condition' of civil strife, we shall alwajs
be tempted by false lights and impelled by cm-
rents that lead to political danger. There must
be peace in the land before we can boast, of se-
curity in a republican form of government Sep-
aiation does not involve the desti action oi lepuh-
licanism, but that destruction is inevitable in the
event of subjugation, if we must hold th< con-
quered territory by military power,as nh.ne u
can be held. There are some that prop« <... lo
