476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
results of the war. It has become, of course, a
necessity to remind the backward of their duty,
and to insist that it shall be performed. These
arguments have prevailed, however, with many
of the people who had been accustomed to take
counsel from the malcontents. They have held
back accordingly until it has become indispens-
able to awaken them to a sense of the obliga-
tions which they owe to their country. Their ad-
visers do not, however, deny the duty; so far as
lip-service is concerned, there is an abundance of
it. But they insist.that the performance shall be
a voluntary one, or, in other words, that it shall
rest in .their own discretion. Like Falstaff, they
would do nothing on compulsion. To compel a
Democrat to fight would be anti-republican, or
if there is to be compulsion it must be, upon the
authority of a great casuist of the Romish church,
who has not road Bellarmine in vain and knows
how to turn a corner as adroitly as the original
and inimitable Jack himself, a voluntary one, a
sort of compulsion in the Pickwickian sense. To
compel him in any other way would be a viola-
tion of his prerogative as a freeman. A perfect lib-
erty is the right of doing what we please, but never
anything on compulsion.
And now a word or two in sober earnest on the
objection taken seriously here,and urged through-
out the country, in relation to the legitimacy of
the draft. I need not apologize for speaking on
that point. It is always important to satisfy the
people not only that a thing is law but that it is
right. It is always well to add the sanctions of
conscience and the sense of duty to the mandates
of the lawgiver. Without this laws arc prac-
tically impotent. The " sic volo, sic jubeo, stetpro
rations voluntas" of an imperial rescript is not
the argument for an American citizen. He wants
more than this, and he wants it here because im-
mense pains have been taken to cloud his percep-
tions and pervert his moral sense by represent-
ing: the compulsory performance of the highest
of his duties as a violation of his libeities. The
oracles of the Opposition have proclaimed—their
highest legal authorities in Pennsylvania, in the
exercise ol a jurisdiction heretofore unknown,
have decided—that the act of the last session was
unconstitutional. Men equally trusted by them
here have insisted that its piinciple was anti-
republican. It is important, therefore, to inquire
whether these tilings are so—whether there is any-
thing here to authorize these imputations or to
excuse even a reluctant submission to a measure
which is essential to the safety of the nation and
lias been made necessary by the counsels of the
very men who now complain of it.
I do not propose to enter into objections of de-
tail arising out of the peculiar features of" the law
or to argue the question upon merely technical or
professional grounds. These are for the courts.
This is a higher forum, and the objection made to
the principle, radical as it is; an appeal from the
lawyer to the publicist, from the courts to the peo-
ple. It is the statesman who must decide it, and
not the judge.
Is it true, then, that a compulsory levy of troops
—a consciiption, if you please—in the extremity
of a State is anti-repubfiean in principle, or, in
other wouls, at war with the spirit of our insti-
tutions and the genius and character of this Gov-
ernment? It has been so announced on this iloor,
on authority supposed to be conclusive, and has
gone to the country without contradiction. It
was a chal lenge of the law fi oni a b igher pom t than
the Constitution. It was not the assei lion interms
that the law was at variance with the Constitu-
tion, but in effect that the Constitution itself was
not republican, and did not conform to the fun-
damental idea on which it rested, it was the proc-
lamation of a higher law winch the authoi ity " to
raise and suppoit armies" had impinged upon.
"Well, I am no^ higher-law man, cxeept so far
as the consideration of' the public safety or the
nation's life may make me so. I am notashamcd
or afraid to lccognizc thus publicly the maxim
of tiie salus populi supixma lex. It was a pro-
vision of consummate wisdom in the constitution
of lepublican Rome, and one which in the judg-
ment of one of the acutcstand profoundest states-
.menofanyage was the sourceofallitsgrandcuras
weltas the guarantee uf its stability, which created
a dictatorship for times of great public peril, for I
the leason that such a power must be invoked in I
the extremities to which every State is subject, i
and that where it is wanting it becomes necessary
to violate the constitution—which is always of bad
example—in order to the salvation of the State.
For the sake of greater clearness, I quoti^he
passage itself, translated by me from the French
version in default of an English one, of the " Trea-
tise on the Republic," by Machiavelli:
"This part of the constitution of Rome*deserves to be
remarked, and ranked in tlie mitnbci of thope which con-
tributed rlie most to the greatness of its empire. Without
an institution of this nature, a State cannot escape but with
gient difficulty from extraordinary convulsions."
********
11 It follows from this that all republics must have in
their constitutions a like establishment. When it is want-
ing it becomes necessary, by pursuing the ordinary track,
to see the constitution peri-h, or rathertodepaitfioniiUor
the purpose of saving it. But in a State well constituted
no event must happen for which thoie sh.dl be occasion to
resort to extraordinary ways; fur if cxtinoidmaiy means
do good for the moment, their example constitutes a real
evii. The habit of violating the constitution to do good
attcrwaids authoiikcs its violation to coioi evii. A repub-
lic, thereioio. is never peifect if it- laws have notptovided
foi cvuythmg, held the remedy always in readiness, and
fmni-shcd the nie.uis. ot rinplojmg it. And I conclude by
saying that republics which in imminent dangers have no
recourse eithei to a dictator or to like magistrates must
inevitably perish theteui."
The war power of our Constitution is the equiv-
alent of the Roman dictatorship* It is, however,
here as well as there, the extreme medicine of
the Constitution, and not its daily bread. The
mission of a republic is peace; war is a state of
violence. To conduct an army upon the princi-
ples of republican equality would be fatal to all
subordination and discipline. For such an ex-
igency as this the normal condition of a republic
will not serve. Its very organization would forbid
it. Wav is anti-republican in its effects, and can
only be successfully waged on anti-republican
principles. While it pievaiis the law itself must
almost necessarily be silent Its code of laws is
necessarily ami-iepublican. With such a Govern-
ment, thrrofoie, it is an unnatural condition, and
the thirst for territorial aggrandizement through
the agency of the sword does violence to its na-
ture anil its life. But while wars of conquestare
anti-u'pubhean, a war of self-defense to preserve
the'nation's life is a legitimate because it is a ne-
cessary one. The doctrine of non-resistance
would be fatal to any Government. When there
is no mode left of supporting the Constitution,
except by suspending the enjoyment of an indi-
vidual nght, that lightmust yield to the occasion.
It is not the Constitution that authorizes the sus-
pension of the habeas corpus. Recognizing,as Us
iramers did, the necessity of putting the highest
privilege of the citizen in abeyance, they do not
grant but only qualify or abridge its exercise, by
providing that it shall not be auspended except m
the cases indicated. Every attribute of sover-
eignty which pertains to any Government that is
supreme may be exercised when necessary, unless
it is expressly forbidden. Thus the light of emi-
nent domain, as it is called by the publicists, or
that which authorizes the seizure ordestruction of
private property for public uses, and the kindred
power of taxation which seizes it without other
equivalent than the protection which the Govern-
ments affords, are not the subjects of special grant,
but only of special limitation. Establish a Gov-
ernment that is independent and sovereign, and
they belong to it of course, because they aie es-
sential attributes, inseparable from its very being, i
If a Government can, however, lake private prop- i
erty, which is the ineie productof labor, without
compensation, for a public use, it is but a step
further, and an easy one, to take the producer
himself, as it does when it compels him to work
on the highway on the ground of public neces-
sity.
It is not disputed, as I understand, by anybody
here, that the Government is entitled to the mil-
itary seivjces ofall its citizens when they are
needed for its defense. The objection is only that
a compulsoiy levy is anti-republican. If this be
true, then the idea of such a thing as a republican
Government is the wildest ol chimeras. Admit-
ting the duty, the right to enforce it is a corollary,
a necessary consequence, in this case as in all j
others. The notion of any Government at all I
presupposes supremacy, subordination, and con- ;
straint. No Government ever did.or ever can lest j
upon the mere vohmtai y principle. All the duties ;
ot the citizen, except those merely moial ones ,
that are said to be of impel feet obligation—all thnt |
are political t,L least—rcct upon the idea of cocr- !
cion. That is the piinciple of every law. That
is the import of the whole judicial machinery with
which we are surrounded. The posse cdmitatus
itself is nothing more nor less than a compulsory
levy, an army improvised to execute the laws.
When the time arrives—which will not be until
the millennium foreshadowed by the prophets, ami
several years after the modern Democracy shall
have died out like the extinct monsters of the
earlier geological epochs—when men shall perform
their duties voluntarily, there will be no further
occasion for eitherGovernmentorlaws. The no-
tion that the mob of New York, and the unnat-
ural sympathizers with the rebellion everywhere,
shall not be compelled to defend the Government
that protects them in all their rights and endows
them with the unwonted privilege of governing
other people, is but the extension of the argument
of the late Attorney General of the United States,
and now reporter of its Supreme Court, that there
could be no coercion of States, and that this great
Government was without even the power of self-
defense, was helpless against the parricide, and
must uncover its bosom or wrap its robes around
it and submit to death without a struggle when-
ever the murderous blow was aimed by the hands
of its own children. That was according to pro-
gramme. Both have the same purpose and mean-
ing. That would have crowned the woik of the
Uaitorswith immediate success. This is a slower
poison, which would leave the defense of the na-
tion to the loyal Unionistin the field,and transfer
the direction of the Government to the hands of
the auxiliaries of the rebellion, who choose " to
kiss my lady peace at home;" who know that they
can serve the cause they love with more effect and
greater safety hePe by affecting loyalty, misrep-
lesenting the designs of the Government, discour-
aging volunteering, and denouncing compulsory
levies of men, than by taking their places openly
in the ai mies of the confederacy. I do not know
a man of them who is not now an "unconditional
Unionist" provided be can have " the Union as it
was," which ho knows to be impossible, whether
we succeed or fail, or treaty as he desires us to do,
and hopes to bring about by cherishing the dis-
ease, preserving the cause of the disunion, and de-
clining to employ the most necessary and effective
weapon which Pi ovidence has placed in our hands
for compelling the eventual restoration of the
Union itself. Thank God! the instincts of the
people, the loyal army at home, have revolted at
the special plea of the attorney, and even con-
verted him at the late elections into the noisiest
of patriots and the professed advocate of the vig-
orous piosecution of ihe war; that is to'say, on
peace principles, and provided you will refuse to
allow the willing negro or compel the reluctant and
recalcitrant Democrat to fight. The fear is, in
view ot the well-known Army sentiment, that it
would change the very nature of the latter by
showing him the realities of war and making him
a radical, or, in other words, an earnest man.
We have the authority of one of the apostles of
the now Democracy now holding a seat on this
floor, if the newspapers have not misrepresented
him, for the opinion publicly expressed in the
great peace convention yt New York, that a war
Democrat isan impossible thing:and thatany man
who would draw a sword he re "in such a quarrel—
I mean on this side of it—is no better than a Black
Republican. And so it is that, while all the De-
mocracy of Butler and Burnsideand Hooker and
other fighting generals of that stamp, who have
proved thatthey were in earnest, has failed to shel-
ter them from the denunciations of the rebel papets
m Richmond and New York, the non-combatant,
qualities of thngrave-diggerof the Chickahominy
and the loiterer at Bull Run have made him the
idol of the Democracy in both those capitals. If
the gentleman from Kentucky, who was taxed a
j! few days ago by his colleagues with infidelity to
j his pledges to vote tor a war Demociat, had ad-
j verted to the sentiment to which i have jusr re-
j feu-ed, he mighthave answered that a war Demo-
, crat was amyth—a personage even more apoery-*
i phal than Prestcr John or the man with the iron
I mask.
J If it be true, however, that a compulsory levy
j of men for the protection of the Government or
I the enforcement of its laws is nmi-republican,
1 then t say again that republican government is '
i just as impossible a thing as a war Democrat. The
I nation which cannot command the military ser-
