1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
vices of its people has no guarantee of Mb. .nd ij
must inevitably perish in its first formidable con-
vulsion. To presume that they will all rush to
its standard at the first summons, and that they
will adhere to it alike through good and ill fortune,
alike through sunshine and through storm, is to
^suppose in the face of our present experience that
contains no hold traitors who will lift their
hands againstit in battle, no cowardly miscreants
who, with professions of loyalty on their lips,
will a'dopt the safer policy of skulking from its
defense, or aiding and encouraging those who are
endeavoring to overthrow it. The time was when
this servicc was a privilege of rank or fortune,
when the soldier served without wages, although
he derives his name from the idea of pay, and
when the craven who refused to respond to the
summons of his country was visited with the due
anathema which is so well paraphrased hy the ge-
nius of the immortal Scott, and finds its climac-
teric in theimprecation "Woe to the traitor, woe!"
A greater than he has remarkedfhat "the age of
chivalry is gone, and the age of gophisters and
economists has succeeded." It was not so at the
commencement of this lebelhon.
[ happened to be at the seat of government of
Pennsylvania when the newsofthe bombardment
of Sumter camo over the clcctric wires and shook
its capital as with an earthquake throe, and then
sped on its fiery errand along the Susquehanna and
the Delaware and the limpid Alleghany, until it
reached the distant shore of the great lake which
bathes her northwestern confines. The fiery cross
that passed from hand to hand and gathered the
clansmen of the hills around the banner of their
chief never so traveled, never lighted such a con-
flagration its was kindled by that message. Before
the setting of another sun a hundred thousand
Pennsylvania men were begging for the privilege
of laying down their lives in the defense of the in-
sulted flag of their fathers. The political managers
of the Democratic party who had bargained against
coercion and pledged themselves that Pennsyl-
vania would take sides with the rebellious States
were appalled by the demonstration, and slunk
away from the public gaze which would have
blasted them. It was only when reverses over-
took our arms—-roveises which weie the conse-
quence of the unsuccessful effort to propitiate
themselves by taking counsel with and employing
men of the same type of thought—that they ven-
tured to reappear, arid managed to seduce the loyal
men of the Democratic party into'thc belief that
a Republican Administration was unfit to conduct
the war, which they reinforced by the argument
that it was obliged to borrow its generals almost
exclusively fi om the Democratic party. If a draft
was made necessai y aftei such a demonstration it
was through their agency. If it has proved inef-
fective or unpopular it is because they have endeav-
ored to make it so.
The country knows how the question was dealt
with by the Democratic authorities of New York.
Jt knows, too, the process by which the Demo-
cratic judges of the sttpieme court of Pennsyl-
vania undertook, with indecent precipitancy, and
in the exercise of a jurisdiction entirely new, to
restrain the execution of the law which authoi ized
it. And we are leminded here fiom day to day
that there are men among us who apparently do
not intend that the country shall find soldiers,
either white or black, it they can prevent it; who
insist that we shall not enlist the negro because
it is a privilege which belongs only to the white
man; who say to the white man that heoughtnot
to volunteer because it is an abolition war; ami
that theconscnption isunlawful and unnecessary
because we ought to depend on volunteers: and
who, after doing evei ythmg m their power to reii-
det the law ineffective, cume here and, with a
coolness that would be absolutely rctieshing it the
times were not so much out of joint, demand its
repeal on the ground that they have succeeded !
1 have heard it stated that the district of the gen-
tleman from New York who is most impoiLunate
on this point has yielded—under his patriotic
auspices, no doubt—about three hundred and fifty
soldiers, leaving his voters, of course, most com-
fortably intact, and in a condition to govern the
nation at least, if they will not fight for it. If he
favors the war, however, as he says he does, why
does he not endeavor to amend the law? If the
commutation clause is the difficulty with his con-
stituents, and he thinks that a poor man can pay
pay $300, why does he not move to strike it out?
ifear it cannot be made to suit gentlemen of that
cast of mind and heart unless it can be so framed
as to defeat the object entirely. Their constitu-
tional scruples will not allow them to do anything
for the salvation of this nation. They have found
no difficulty heretofore in discovering in that in-
strument every power that was required to further
the interestsof the divine institution. They had
no difficulty in regard to the Louisiana or Florida
purchases*, none as to the annexation of Texas*,
none as to the assumption of its debts; none as
to the purchase or seizure, at the expense of an-
other war like the Mexican if necessary, of the
gem of the Antilles. When the attempt is made,
however, to extract anything valuable from that
instrument for the interests of humanity or the
preservation of the nation's life, it is no better
than a caput mortaum—without vitality, full of
obstructions, impotent for^ood, but alive all over,
in all its members, and actively omnipotent, too,
for mischief. These constitutional expounders
\yho strain at a gnat make no account of taking m
a camel ata breakfast. I should despair of making
anything out of them by a constitutional argu-
ment. , , ,
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of three o'clock
having arrived, all further general debate is out of
order.° The first question is upon the amendment
offered day before yesterday by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] which will be re-
ported.
The amendment was as follows:
U'ter the word
Strike out on page 4, hue nineteen.
listed," all down to the endot die Huh suction,a  follows:
And it auv diafted prison >4iall herealter pay money tor
the inoculation ot a Mihsuuue, under the. piovision* ot tlm
act to which tin* i& an amendment, Mich paymentol money
-hall oou.vte only to u'li'ivc such p''i>on Mom draft on that
call, and his name shall be letamed on the roll, and he slinl
lie,-ubv'Ct to diatt on futuie calK; and the maximum of
commutation under sahi .lcUh.UI hercaiiei be,$400 mislead
of ,-300; and m-eit m lieu tlieieof the following:
And so much ol the thiuoouth section of the act ot which
tliH act is an amendment as authorizes exemption Horn
uulituiy seivice by the payment ot a sum not exceeding
$;j()0 is'heieby jepealcd.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is that an amendment to
the fifth section ?
The Cli AIRMAN. It is.
Mr. SCl-itiJNCK. The committee had not con-
cluded their amendments to the fourth section,
and I intended to propose a substitute for that
section.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion was made to
strike out the fourth section, and that motion was
rejected. The committee then passed to the fifth
section. If there be no objection, the gentleman
from Ohio will be permitted to ofler an amend-
ment to the fouith seeuon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will hear the amendment
read, reserving meanwhile my light to object.
Mr. SCHEJN'CK. I propose to amend the
fouith section befoi e any amendments are ofiercu
to the fifth. .
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
laboring under a mistake. An amendment to
the fifth section has alieady been consideied and
adopted, and a second amendment to it is now
pending. If, however, there be no objection the
Chair will enteitain an amendment to the fourth
section. The gentleman will state his amendment
for information.
Mr. fcJClIENCK. I move to stuke out ail of
the fouith section after the word " time," in the
fifth line, winch is as follows:
An acceptable -ub-t.tut<'7 who ^ not liable n> diaft,and
sue!) pei-on M)!iirni>hi!i2;i -ub-iiuiti' .-hall be exempt Mom
disnt dunni* ilu um<* tor who-ti -ueli -ub-tttute fhail not
liable to dMH.nof r\cc< d.mx t'm e yt ar-; but no jiei.-on in
the fomoc of the I'tuud Si.de- -hail ho.-onm a Mih-tituto
to *ei ve in am i^imcnt ol oompain exci pt among Me
ttoops of the State in which he otigmally enii-ted or trom
which lie wa~- dialed
And to insert in lieu thereof the following!
p,u\ ious: to the (haft an acceptable -ub-mutc, who h not
hable io draU w>  at the Ume in the nuluaiy or naval « cr-
mcc o! the United States, and Mich pei-on -o luinidunga
MibMitute -hall he o\v mptod iWn dratt diium* the tune
Mich t-ub-nmtc hh.'li be exempted from dralt, not, however,
exceeding the nine lor winch buid -ub^titute &hall have been
accepted.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection to this
amendment being entertained ?
Mr.ELDRlDUE. 1 object.
The question lectin ed on Jlr. Holman s amend-
meat.
Mr. BLAINE.
Jerstand that that amendment strikes out the en-
tire privilege of commutation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not ill order.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman,
and Kellogg, of Michigan, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 26, noes 73.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the section
by striking out the word " four" and inserting
" three,"so as to leave the commutation asit is un-
der the present law, at §300; and if that amend-
ment carries, I shall move to strike out the bal-
ance of the section.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I move to strike
out after the word (t calls"in tlie twenty-fifth Hue
the words, "and the maximum of commutation
under said act shall hereafter be $400 instead of
P00." That will leave the law in relation to
commutation asit now stands.
Mr. STEVENS. That amendment will ac-
complish my purpose, and I withdraw mine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out all of
section five after the enacting clause, and to insert
in lieu of it the corresponding section, section six,
of the substitute reported by the House Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; which is as follows:
Tlwi .uiy person limi ted into the military service of the
United State<may,befoietho time fixed for his appearance
at the diaft rendezvous furnish an acceptable substitute,
subject to such rule* and regulations as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of War. If such substitute is not liable
to diaft, the peison lurmshmg him shah be exempt from
dralt timing the time for which Mich substitute is not liable
to dtalt, not exceeding the teim for which he was drafted;
and if such <mtwtitutr> i« liable to draft,the nam* of the per-
son luniMmig him shall he liable to diatt 111 filling future
quotas. Andiiativ <haltr,ri por&on shall hereafUM pay money
lor the procuration of a substitute, umh-r the provision of
the act to winch this is an amendment, such payment ot
money shall operate only to relieve such person from draft
in filling that quota, and his name shall be retained on the
j oil in filling future quotas; bntin no instance shall the ex-
emption of any poison ? on account of his payment of com-
mutation money for the procuration of a substitute, extend
beyond one year; hut at the end of one year in every such
ea'-e the name ol any person so exempted shallhe enrolled-
again, if not bcfoic returned to the enrollment list under the
provisions of this section.
Mr. Chairman, if the labors of the Committee
on Militai y Affairs of this House are of any value
whatever to the House their substitute ought to
come in competition, section by section, with the
Senate bill. Itis for that purpose that I offer this
amendment, and I propose to pursue the same
couise with each section as we pass along. That
seems to me to be the only way in which the la-
bors of the committee can be made of any avail if
1 they are valuable at all to the House.
Now, if the committee will notice one or two
points of change, they will see the reason why we
adopted our language instead of the language of
the Senate. For instance, in the third line of the
Senate bill we have added a clause, so that the
fnst paragiaph of the section will read " any per-
son drafted into the military service of the United
States may, before Ike time fixed for his appearance
at the draft rendezvous, furnish an acceptable sub-
stitute." The language of the Senate bill on this
pointisambiguous. Weputin these wordsin order
to piovide that the substitute shall be biought in
before the time fixed for the appearance of the drafted
man at the rendezvous, so that men shall not be
allowed to bring in their substitutes at any time,
even after the time when they should have them-
selves appeared. It shall not be sufficient for the
man to Ining a substitute forty days after he is
notified to unpear, but lie must bring hi« substi-
tute before the day or by ihe day he was to ap-
pear for duly at the draft rendezvous. That
Imntin" clause is found in our sectiun of the sub-
stitute, but is not in the Senate bill.
1 hope the committee will un-
Mv.'cOFFROTII. I desue to ask the gentle-
man from Oluo whether the person drafted is to
be allowed to offer a substitute after he has nu-
clei ^one an examination for physical disability?
Mr. GARFIELD. Thatijuestion is not touched,
so far as I know, 111 this section. I do not know
that I quite und.-rstand the gentleman.
Mr. COFPHOTII. After the drafted man is
notified to appear before the provost marshal, and
after he has undergone an examination for physi-
cal disability, is lie entitled to put in a substitute?
Mr. GA.UF1 ELD. Yes; any time previous to
the time that he should appear for duty at the
rendezvous.
