1524
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
For t-alaiv of chief cterfc at $1-800, one clerk at §1,000,
and one <h.iuc!)tM  n at .51,800 pel annum, at Washington
navy-yard, £4,600.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will ask why that is pro-
posed fo be stricken out?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason.for sinking
it out is simply this: heretofore the clerks of the
ordnance department nt the several navy-yards
have been paid like all the other clerks employed
in the navy-yaids, a per diem as their services
were needed. Tins is an attempt to place the
ordnance department on a different basis, winch
is considered unwise. Let them all remain on
the same basis as heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line three humiied and srxteen, page 14, under
the heading of "Naval Observatory/'to strike
out " thiee" and mseit " four," and in line tince
hundred and seventeen, after the word " dollars,"
to strike out the woids, " and $4,000 thereof shall
be equalfy divided nniong the thtee aids as their
walaiy;" so that the clause will rend:
For pay of assistant a&U'onomci. four aids, and cleik. i
§8,000.
The amendment was agreed lo.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line three hundred and forty, page i5, after the
word " photographeito insert the words "for
ordnance bureau;" so that the clause will read:
For pay of photographer (or ordnance bureau, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the second section of the bill in the fol-
lowing words:
Pec. 2. *9 ml bcitfuithci enacts I, That forihe pin pose of
building1 a floating diy dock for inomtoi-s at the New Yoik
navy-vaid, ami al>o ai the navy-v ml at Philadelphia, at a
puce not exceeding ,^200,00U each, tlu: Mint ot tfo.JlKOtm he,
and the s.une itc heiehy, nppiopti.ued, to he paid out ol the
uppiopuation of ^"ioO.tiOO lor a rtoatuis* diy-doek at n.tvy-
yard Now Yoik, piovided lor by the art making appiopu
tUiona for the naval soi vice oi the I'micd State*, appioved
M.ueh 3, 1863; and the balance of s,aid appropriation he,
and the same heieby, tepeaied.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to amend that sec-
tion by striking out the word " floating" before
"dry-dork," leaving it at the option of the De-
jmi tment to make it either flouting or permanent,
ns they .see fit.
Mr. EESSEN DEN. The proposition of the
committee is to strike out the whole section.
Mr. AN PHONY. 1! th.it mot ion of t he com-
mittee is lost, will it still be open to amendment'
The PRESiDENT;))'(>/fm/w-e. It will he open
to amendment; and it is now open to amendment
or modification before the question is put on strik-
ing out.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suppose there will be no
objection to ?>fnking out the word "flouting."
Mr, I4 EsSENDEN. I wish to make a shoit
statement m regard to the amendment of the com-
mittee to strike out this section. The committee
were in very gieat doubt about it. We made an
appropjiation, I think, of £700,000, for building a
large floating dry-dock at the New York navy-yaid
last year.^ That will take some time to build. 'The
pleasure is pretty ationg for a floating dry-dock
for monitor and uou vessels, and it was leeotn-
aicndudjl think, by the Depai tment—1 have been
tiying to find it, but it may possibly lutve been
recommended after the repot t was made—no pai t
ol that money having been expended at the Now
Yoik yatd, that instead o( building one theie,
two small docks should be built in shorter time
and ataks expense, I think $200,000 apiece,at
these dilleiens points. That was earned in the
ilouse, and the residue of the appropriation for
a hngtt floating drv-dock tepeaied.
'1 liotearc two eouMUeiaUohs connected with
this su->jeet, and the committee thought it best to
submit them tor the cou'.-id'Tation of the Senate,
ft would take some turn- lo build a large dry-dock
though not a very long period, lons^r, however*
than it would take to build two small ones- but
Jf you build these small docks they aie for small
vessels, and you cannot get a huge one into them,
it would stem to involve by and by the necessity*
and_ will necesN.irily, of building a large one m
addition. As is obvious, you can getasmah ves-
sel into a large one, when you cannot get a lar<re
vessel into n small one. Therefore, if we build
these two we shali only have them for the smaller
cla«s of vessels, while our huge iroii-cki'ls will be
left comparatively unprovided for. The com-
mittee therefore thought on the whole it was best
to submit the question to the judgment of the Sen-
ate on the motion to strike out, which would leave
the appropriation of last year for one dry-dock
at New York to stand, and that is simply the
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Jf this section is stricken
out as proposed by the committee, as I under-
stand there will then be an appropriation by the
law of last session for a dock m New York only,
and none in Philadelphia?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, an appropria-
tion of $700,000. The law will then stand just
as it was before with reference to that matter.
New York is the only place we now have where
a dock of that kind can be built. It is a matter,
of course, of judgment and discretion. The com-
mittee have no strenuous opinion with regard to
it, but the weight of our opinion on the whole,
on considering it, was that it was best to leave
the appt opriation to stand as it was. It is, how-
ever, for the Senate fo decide.
Air. ANTHONY. i move to amend the sec-
tion proposed to be stiicken out by stiiking out
,the woid "floatmg"before the words"dry-dock."
Air. FESSENDEN, {should like to hear some
reasons lor that, it is against the judgment of
the Depaitment and of the engnieets connected
with it. They want a floating dry-dock.
Mr. ANTHONY. If that is their judgment
they can make it a floating dock. This amend-
ment does not compel it to be a floating1 dock, but
leaves it at the option of the Department.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The woid
"floating" occurs twice m the section. The Chair
will inquire of the Senator fiom Rhode Island
which he moves to strike out?
Mr. ANTHONY, Roth. I wish to leave the
Department athbeity to coiistiueta floating or
othei dty-dock as it sees fit. If the Depaitment
desncs a floating dock, of com se a floatiog dock
will be constructed; but I do not sec why we
should testnet tlmm to u floating dry-dock, f
mm o to sti ike out both.
Mr. JOHNSON. The word " floating" may
be stricken out m the second line whete it first
occurs; but in the eighth line where it occui s again
it relates to an appropt lation already made for a
floating dock, and it should not be stiicken out
there.
Air. ANTHONY. A "dty-dock" will de-
SCI ilie it mi i)n initl y.
Tin* PRE^l DENT jn'olempori'. The question
will funf be taken on sti iking out the woid " float-
ing" in the second line of the section proposed to
be nti icken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that will not be
agieed to. The Department have made their own
proposition in regaid to it. They want a floating
doc k.
Mr. ANTHONY. If they want it they can
have it. Tins amendment to the amendment will
not pievont them from having a floating dock.
It merely removes the restue.tion on the Depart-
ment, and allowsthem to haveeither in their dis-
cretion.
The amendment to theamendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agieed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ments reported from the Committee on Finance
aie now disposed of.
Mr. HALE. I am directed by the Committee
on Naval Aflaiis to propose several amendments
to I his hill. 1 move to amend the bill by adding
the following:
I'oi compel,^ition of petty officer^, S'-ani'Mi, and otlieid
of the 11; w oi tie United rU.uej, .-I'midci Montioi, lo-it at
.-ca, Decenihei 30, Ht) >, ,^3.0UU
Foi coinnen-anon oi petty oificer^, s-enmen, and others
ol the ciew ol the touted M,Ue-> Meauier Cauo, m the
Ya/.o<> rivi i, i>< eetnbei ISov',
Iti solutions have passed Congicss to pay this
money, but no apniopriution has been made.
This amendment pioposes simply to make an
appropimrion for that puipose,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
whether this comes from his committee?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir, from the committee and
from the Department both.
Mr. ANTHON Y. I believe there are two or
three other gunboats in precisely the same situa-
tion. 1 think the Senator t'tom lowamade a sug-
gestion of that kind. Ought they not to be pio-
vided for, also ?
Mr. GRIMES. There ate two or three others
that have been lost, but bills to cover these eases
were passed at the last session, but Congress
failed to make an appropriation.
Mr. ANTHONY. This is to carry into effect
an existing law.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment to
offer that is recommended by the Depaitment
and also by the Committee on Naval Affairs. It
is on page 10, after line two hundred and twenty-
nine, to insert these words:
Foi machinery and mateuaN for the repair of voxels at
lYn>>aeola, Ship Island, and New Oilcans, $10J,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have the
Senator explain wheie that comes from.
Mr. HALE. I will read the communication
from the Navy Department on the subject. It is
as follows:
Navy Department, Jipiil 4, 1SG4.
Sir: I have the honor to uielo<e herewith a communi-
cation from the chief of the Bureau of Yaids- and Docks,
dated the 2d instant, telative to the want of taeiiitn-s at
Key Wc-t, Peiwieola, Ship Inland, and New Oilcan-., for
coaling and lepauing the ve-.«els-. of the Gulf --quadion^,
and -"iigge^ting that piovwou he made m the naval appto-
priation bill now umU r con-ideration to supply the want*
at tho-e places. Estimates tor impioveniens and altera-
tions at Key VYe«U and letter* from Hear Ad-mial Fari.igut
and Acting Item Aduiiial Bailey accompany Rear Admiral
Smith's communication. I earnestly invite the attention
ofC'ongte>s to the t-ubjeu.
Veiy"respectfully, &c., GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary oj Kaiy.
Hon. John P. Hale,
Chmintuin Naiul Committee United Stutes Senttle,
Then there is a communication from Admiral
Smith recommending $100,000 as the sum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Anything that comes
from Adnntal Smith is sufficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. 'I am diieeted by the Committee
on Naval Aflatrs to oiler another amendment, to
insert after hue three hundred and fourteen, page
14, the following:
For con-tincting coal wharf at Key West, Florida,
$3>,00'J.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is recommended by
the Department, I suppose.
Air. HALE. It is recommended by the De-
partment. i have their recommendation here,
which can be read if desired.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment to
offer from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to in-
seit, after line three hundred and fourteen, page
14, the following:
For altering eoai depot to storehouse at Key West, Flor-
ida, 518,000.
Air. FESSENDEN. I take it, all these amend-
ments come from the Navy Depot tment, and are
approved by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. Every one of them is recom-
mended by the Sectetaiy of the Navy, and also
by the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. HALE. On the same page,afterlinethree
hundred and fourteen, I move to mseit the fol-
lowing:
Foi conMiueting raihorui fiom naval whaif to coal vatds
at Key Wot, Fion.ia, $10,1100.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should think that
amendment v/anttd a little explanation.
Alt. HALE. Weil, sir, I have it here. The
document is rather long. The Navy Department
sent out an officer to make an examination on
this subject. The officer was John J. Philbuck,
who madea pretty voluminous report. The es-
timates are made in detail;.and that is the exact
sum that he reports. It is recommended by the
head ot the bureau and by the Secretary of the
Navy, it any Senator desiies it, the report can
be tead. It is a pietty long document. The ap-
propriation is only $10,000.
Air. .FESSENDEN. The Senator can state
the substance of the document.
Air. HALE. The substance of it is this: the
engineer who made this report states that the
prices charged at Key West by the draymen,
&c., for. moving the coui from the wharf io the
store-house are veiy enoimous.and altogether
beyond anything like what prudence would jus-
tify them m paying, I here are only two modes
suggrsted of lemedying this evil: one is, that the
