468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
courts to stainhy sentence. O.ur ancestors thought
they had put an end to the war upon tho family
and upon property for the political crime ot trea-
son. So the people ever since supposed, until
Underwood & Co. poured the flood-tide of a new
light upon the subject.
I pass from that. I let it go. The true inquiry is
that into which the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] tho chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, went the other day with suffi-
cient boldness, if not with sufficient candor. He
who takes his position as aleader in times like these
ought always to take it boldly and in advance,
and thus make himself responsible to his follow-
ers, to contemporaries, and to history. We are
in a war, he says, in a public war, a war between
two foreign nations. He says that, being in a
state of war, the laws of nations confer upon us
certain belligerent rights which not only exist
while the war continue? but remain when the war
shall be over. Among these rights, he says, is
the riglitof conquest. ltisawar,he says, which
treats every person inside the hostile territory as
an enemy, be he friend or foe, citizen or foreigner,
who is in the predicament of residence in the hos-
tile territory.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, since I have the greatest
respect for the intelligence of that gentleman, for
the boldness with which he meets all these ques-
tions, for the great ability which he brings to the
discussion of them, and for the spirit of courtesy
and fSirness which he always extends to an op-
ponent in debate, to state with some precision the
exact position that he assumes. It is not tho po-
sition of a solitary uninfluential individual, but
the position of a leading man in this House and
in the country. My own opinion is that "who-
ever hits him on the head will knock out the brains
of" the Republican party. [Laughter.] Hesays:
"I bctrm pimply by denying that tin; Constitution lia« tile
least relm'neu to any one ot tho provisions of tile lull in
question, ami 1 intend to show that tin; art of it'osJ, which
was modified by a isolation which, it lian been ttuly c.tid,
was passed mulfi dutc^s very little to the ci edit of the Con-
gress rliutpa^ed it—th.iuietof iyfi-2 is not atlected directly
or indirectly by any one of the ptovisions of tho Con'.titu
tion, and that especially that p.nt of the .tot which piovides
lor scizniif property and confi-eatin^ it in tee Minple i- purely
a proceeding under the laws of wm and undei the law* of
nation*, ovei which the ('onM l tut ion has no control, and in
regard to which it has no elfeet whatevei."
And he proceeds to argue that the property is
to be seized and condemned not as the property
of persons guilty of the crime of treason, but as
enemies under the laws of nations. He says:
"This act of Congress, so far as it refcis to seizures of
propei tj in ice, iciei-, to them as sei/.mcs of the pioperty of
alien enemies, to be tteafod a>> >uob."
I understand him distinctly to repudiate the idea
that wo may hold these persons unninally icspous-
ible to our municipal laws for acts done .since
they have risen to tho dignity of belligerent*?. Ho
says that we cannot do it, and that in point of fact
we do not do it; that having ourselves appealed
lo the laws of nations to interpret our rights in
this war; having; claimed the benefit of that con-
demnation in pitze courts which the laws of na-
tions authorize; having captured on the high seas
the property of our own friends—perhaps the most
loyal men of the South—we cannot now repudi-
ate tho laws of nations in tiny particular when ap-
plicable to the contest; and that, consequently,
for acts done by any of these men since they have
been subject to a belligerent power, with the rights
of belli.£< rents, they are not ci iminally responsi-
ble to our municipal laws, but only as enemies and
to the laws of war. I agtec with him in that.
_ The speaker's views as to the source of our
right of confiscation us Weil as the relation of the
States held by the rebel power to the parent Gov-
ernment are still futther illustrated by another
passage which I will read:
"ft is, however, essentia! to ascertain what relation the
seceded States beat to the (Tinted Static, that wo may know
how to deal with them m leuNtatihj.lntnr the iianoii.il Gov-
ernment. There -eems to be gieat confusion of ideas and
diversity of opinion on that -object. Some think thattlio>e
Htatu^ are still in the Union and untitled to the piotf-ction
oi the Constitution and ftiwsol the United Statu*, awl that,
notwithstanding all the} have done, may at any time, with-
out an\ halation, ronie b n k.Senators and U<'pie-
sent.it! v t s to Conine-*., and enjoy all the pi mb-jres ;iruj im_
inanities or hnal members of the United States. Tlixt
whenever tho-e 'waywaid .-i-t<-i-5 choo>e to abandon their
til vol j ties and present them-dve.* at the door of the Union
and demand admis-aon, we iiiim receive them with open
anus, and throw over litem the piotectmg shield of the
Union, of which it is said they had neverceased to b<- mem-
beis. Uthern hold that, having committed treason, re-
nounced their allegiance to the Union, discarded its Con-
stitution and laws.,uiganized a distinct and hostile govern-
ment, and by toiecot aimsiiavmg rwnfrom the condition
of insurgents to ihe position ot an independent Power ''e
facto, and having been acknowledged as a belligerent both
by foicign nations andoui own Government, the Constitu-
tion and laws ol the Union aie abrogated so tar as they are
concerned, and that, as between the two belligerents, they
are under the laws of war and the laws of nations alone,
and that whichever Power conquers may ueat the van-
quished n  conquered provinces, and may impose upon
them such conditions and laws as it may deem be&t."
Again he says:
" Is the present contest to be regarded as a public war,
and to be governed by the rules of civilized warfaie, or only
as a domestic insurrection, to be suppies ed by criminal
prosecutions befoie the courts of the country?'*
The honorable gentleman answers in the affirm-
ative, and repudiates the idea that they are trai-
tors, criminally responsible to our municipal laws
for acts done during; the war. He endeavors, by
citing1 a line from Judge Grier in the prize cases,
to prove it a public war. And subsequently he
inquires, " What, then, is the effect of this public
war between these belligerents, these foreign na-
tions?" He answers, m substance, that it abro-
gated all constitutional relations between the pa-
rent Government and the " organised States" in
revolt, and put them out of the Union, with*the
right of conquest on their part as against us and
the right of conquest on our part as against them.
If conquered, all the people, loyal and disloyal,
with their property, real and personal, are sub-
ject, not to the Constitution, but the laws of na-
tions and of war.
"From all this the legitimate conclusion is, that all the
people and all the terntoiy within the limits of the organ-
ized .States which, hj a legitimate majority of their citi-
zens, icnouneed the Constitution, took their States out of
the Union, and made war upon the Government aio. M>far
as they aie concerncd, subject to the laws of the State;
and,M> fai .1^ the United States Government is concerned,
subject to the laws ot war and of nation*., both while the
war continues and when it shall be ended."
+ * + * * *
c: By the laws of wtr the coriqucror may seize and eon-
vei t to Ins- <>wn use evei\ rhin^ that belongs to the enemy.
This may be done while the war is lagms: to weaken the
enemy, and when ir is ended the ihmg> -er/.ed may he re-
tained to pay the expense*, of the war and the damages
caused by it. Tovviis? cities. and provinces may be held a^
a punishment tor an unjust wai,and as seemity a<rain-t
limite agirie.svion>. The pi op* i ty thus taken i*. not confis-
cated under tlx- (Jon.-titutiou alter conviction foi treason,
but is held by virtine ot the laws of war. No individual
euine need be pioved asjaut-t the, owners. The fact of bemg
a helhgeient enemy caiue^ the forleiture with it. Ilere was
the erroi of tho Provident when be veto< d the confiscation
bill passed bv Congie^. In the confusion of business, he
ovei looked the distinction between a l tailor and a belliger-
ent enemy.1'
Aftei claiming these extensive and extraordi-
nary rights and powers, derivable from the laws of
war and from the laws of nations, he pioceeds
to declare that lie would execute them. " Towns,
cities, provinces;" " every inch of .soil of theguilty
portion of this uwiupmg power,55 he would con-
fiscate, sell, and put into theTreasury. He would
emancipate, of course; but that is done already;
he would therefore only amend the Constitution
and forever forbid slaveholding (of negroes) in
America.
Finally, he winds up with this saying:
u The Union as u was and the Com-titution as it is is an
atiooious idea. It is man-stealing.
To some of these positions I give my assent.
From others 1 dissent. The conclusion to which
he comes 1 protest against and abhor. We are;
belligerents and have belligerent rights. Every-
body inside the hostile territory is an enemy of the
United States, be he friend or foe, m the prize-
court sense of the term, but not in the common-
law sense of the term. Their property on the high
seas we may justly capture, condemn, and ap-
propriate. Ail that are in line of battle or in any
hostile position toward us, we may smite down
with physical force, fi tend or foe; our bullets may
not choose between them; the best and most lov-
ing heart that everthrobbed m the bosom of man
may thus be pierced by our bullets, and we stand
guiltless before God and man. They are neces-
|| saniy public enemies, whether willingly so or not
|j m individual cases; that is their predicament, and
I 1 accept the consequences that legitimately fol-
!| low from it.
i, 1 admit that we must go to the laws of nations
|j and not to the Constitution ofthe United States to
i I interpret what warmeans, and for the rules to be
i| observed m conducting u.
j Our Constitution gives to us—to Congress and
il not to the President—the right to make war, but
it does not define what war is. The laws of na-
tions define that.
War lb Til ft KLMEDY AND NOT THC RIGHT. It
is said to be the prosecution ofa national rightby
force (2 Black, page (iG6.) Some right has been
obstructed, denied, or attacked by a hostile belli-
gerent power, and we prosecute it, defend it, vindi-
cate it, by war. The laws of nations define what
public war means—a war between foreign na-
tions; and what civil war means—a war carried
on within the State, like the present contest.
And 1 submit that the honorable gentleman has
fallen into an error in characterizing this as a
tf public war," or in supposing that Judge Grier
meant to characterize it as a public war. I find
in the very sentence from which the gentleman
takes his quotation, the distinction clearly laid
down between public and civil war. Public war
is declared to be between independentandforeign
nations, and civil war a struggle carried on within
the State in which one party may have both sov-
ereign and belligerent rights.
Our sovereign rights, it is true, are for the time
obstructed,until by the exercise of our belligerent
rights we have restored them. But, sir, whether
this contest be a war carried on within the State
or between " foreign nations," we must look to
the laws of nations, to the laws of war, to interpret
the manner in which the contest must be con-
ducted.
But I am astonished how any gentleman can
refer us to the laws of nations m support of this
act which the bill now before us proposes to
amend, in the support of the amendment or in
support of the position taken by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and those who
agree with him.
Why, sir, the usages of nations in modern times
forbid the very means which the gentleman would
employ and the whole policy which he advocates.
The laws of nations recognize the right of con-
quest between the parties to a public war, but do
not authorize the seizure and confiscation of pri-
vate property on land only in excepted cases;
they do not authorize the conquest of individual
piopetty. On the contrary, they forbid it.
I am not £,roing into a lengthy citation of au-
thonties. They have been quoted freely in the
discussions upon this bill. They were cited fully
and pertinently the other day by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Finck,] and I content
myself now, in the main, with a mere reference
to them. 1 rely upon all writers upon the public
law who state the rule among civilized nations in
modern times. Their testimony is uniform and
explicit, uttering a united voice of condemnation
upon the policy which the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] demands, i
rely upon the principles declared by ail the civil-
ized nations of the woildin modem times, French,
British, and American, in State papeis, treaties,
and diplomatic assemblies, to support the declara-
tion of the elementary writers, that by the usages
of the civilized nations of modem times, private
property upon land lsexemptfrom the spoliations
of war, exempt from seizure and confiscation, ex-
cept iri certain specified cases. Wheaton states the
rule in clear and precise terms:
".But by tho modern usage." of nation®, which has now
aequued the loiee of law, temples of religion, public edi-
fices devoted to civil purpos.es only, monument* ol art, and
repositoues of science aie exempted from thC general oper-
ations ol war. 1'iivate property on land is aUo exempt
hom confiscation, with the exception ol such as may be-
come hooty in special cases, when taken from enemies-: m
the Ik Id or m be-ioged towns, and of mihtaiy contributions
levied upon the inhabitants of the Inutile teuttory. This
exemption extendi even to the eu-eof an ab>olute and un-
qualified conquest of the enemv's countiy."—Elements.
,ycM p. 401.
This doctrine is supported by all writers who
state the usages of modern nations. I furbearto
quote them again to the House. But I call atten-
tion to the language of Chief Justice Marshall in
United States vs. Perchman, 7 Peters, 86:
" It is -very unusual, even in eases of conquest, for the
conquem; to do mote than to displ,u,<- the i-ovneuin and av-
enue dominion over the eouiitiy. The mod«M fu-'agu of
nation-, ivlachhui hctome lair, would be violated ; that •5en->e
of jiMicc and of ught which is ackuowirdg'-d and felt by
the whole civilized world would be cuui<t<?« d. jf private
piopeity isfiouJd be ffeneiallyconfi-cnted, and private lights
annulled. The people etian«,r«'theiiMileijiauce : then rela-
tion to their ancient soveici« u i- di--olvcd ; but then rela-
tions to each othei and their rights of propcrt}* lemain un-
tU.>turbc-d.''
In another part ofthe opinion bespeaks ofthe
attempt on the part of the new sovereign to con-
