THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
July 1,
time to an invasion from the north side of the
Ohio or from the seceded States on the south; a
State continually in danger from one quarter or
tfre other—it is very easy for these gentlemen who
brave no knowledge of passing events there to
coolly and quietly advise them what to do and
what not to do. Of this, I take it, they were as
good judges as those who thought proper to lec-
ture them, and probably it was a quarter from
■which they thought it unwise to ask either ad-
vice or aid. Indiana at least ought not to chide
her; she owes her now and forever a debt of grati-
tude which it will be hard to repay. In the ter-
ritorial infancy of that great State, now the fifth
in the Union, when the Indians were committing
depredations throughout its borders, when the
hardy pioneer strapped his rifle over his shoulder
as he drove his "team afield" over the small
patch of land he cultivated, ready at all times to
meet his savage foe, whether in ambush or in the
field, "when the darkness of midnight was illu-
mined with the blaze of their dwellings, when the
blood of their sons fattened their corn-fields and
the war-whoop awakened the sleep of the cradle,"
the brave and chivalrous and gallant men of Ken-
tucky came to our relief. The battle-fields of
Tippecanoe and the Thames bear evidences of
their patriotism and their courage, for, as J my-
self have witnessed, the Indianians who fell on
those bloody fields lay side by side with the chiv-
alrous men of our sister State. The best blood
of both was poured out like water, and the result
was the restoration of peace and quiet to our
borders.
Connected with the subject I have been treat-
ing, Kentucky and her loyalty as a State within
the Union,I wish to say a few words in reference
to a charge made by H. J. Raymond, Esq., one
of the editors of the New York Times, in a work
lately" published by him, entitled President Lin-
coln s Administration, in which, with a view of
aiding Mr. Lincoln and damaging General Mc-
Clellan, he makes in a few lines m the appendix
to his work these covert remarks—noticed here-
after—wholly uncalled for, and in my judgment
wholly untrue. I have the slightest acquaintance,
sir, with General McCiellan. I doubt whether 1
should know him were I to meet him on the ave-
nue. His father, Dr. George McCiellan of Phil-
adelphia, and myself were educated together at
Yale; we were bosom friends until the day of his
death. We started in life professionally at the
same time. He was a surgeon and physician, I
a lawyer. We went to Philadelphia together in
the fall of J817; he remained there to practice his
profession, m which he became preeminent, while
I followed the " Star of Empire" west. It is due
to his memory dead, as it is to his son living,
who appears to inherit the best qualities of his
ancestor, that I should endeavor to show the ac-
cusation made against General McCiellan false
in every particular. What is the charge ? I give
it as it is written in the book: "General Mc-
Ciellan, while in command of the Department, of
the Ohio, had entered into an agreement w;,h
General Buckncr by which the substantial neutral-
ity of that State was recognized and respected."
Buckner, in June, 18(>1, professed to be a loyal
man. His letter m reference to General McClol-
Jan's proposition was addressed to the Governor
of Kentucky, June 10, 1861. Buckner now is a
traitor, as he probably was in 1861 a hypocrite
—false to his State which trusted and honored
him as to his country which he betrayed. He
does not profess to show a scrap of memorandum
or writing entert d into with Oenej,ii MrPh^hn
on this most important anangemetit by which
the " substantial neutrality" of Kentucky was to
be "recognized and respected*," while on the
other hand General McCiellan, in a letter which
was addressed to a naval officer in Cincinnati,
dated June 26, 18G1, (published in the Cincinnati
papers, and which Mr. Raymondmiust have seen
at the time he penned the remarks alluded to,)
expressly and emphatically denies the charge
made by Buckner. Which of them should be
believed? A man who is the "soul of honor,"
whose character for trutl and veracity never has
been impeached, or the double-dyed traitor who
made the charge? I leave it to every honorable
member of the House to say. Sir, without ref-
erence to General McCiellan's political opinions,
or the position in which his friends in several
Stales of the Union have thought proper to place
him with regard to the presidential election in
November, but simply as a military man, 1 think
great injustice has been done him.
The battles of Malvern Hill, South Mountain,
and Antietam, prove his conduct and courage as
a commander beyond all question. Never was
there a greater truth expressed than at the
close of his campaign when superseded he said,
speaking of the conduct of his troops, " No man
can justly charge upon any portion of that army,
from the commanding general to th6 private, any
lack of devotion to the service of the United States
Government, and to the cause ofihe Constitution
and the Union. They have proved their fealty
in much sorrow, suffering, danger, and through
the very shadow ofdeath. Their comrades dead
on all the fields where they fought have scarcely
more claim to the honor of a nation's reverence
than their survivors to the justice of a nation's
gratitude."
Sir, I ask, but ask in vain, why has not that jus-
tice been awarded them? Faction, fanaticism,
folly,seem to have ruled the Administration, and
simple justice, all that was asked for, was de-
nied to these brave men and their leader. When
his military qualifications were called in question
General McCltllan might answer his accusers
in the language which Shakspeare, in the play
ofTroilus and Cressida, puts in the mouth of
Ulysses, in reply to Nestor at the siege of Troy,
who informs him that Ajax, "grown self-willed,"
rails at his, Ulysses's, mode of carrying on the
war, " bold as an oracle;" and Thersites, "a
slave whose gall coins slanders like a mint, "joins
m theabuse of him. Might not General McCiel-
lan make the s.ime reply to these modern Ther-
sites, hounded as they are by their masters " to
coin slanders like a mini" against him, as Ulysses
does ?
"They tnx our policy, and oatl it cowardice;
('omit wwioin us no member of the war;
Fmesiaii pic>ci>'!ice,aii(l e.-teom no net
I Jut limt of hand . the >ull and mental paits,
Tli.it do eoiitmv how many hands t-liali stuko,
Wli'-n eulK them on ; and know, by measure
Of (heir olKonant toil, the enemy's weight,
Why, this, hath not a iingct'* dignity!
'i'hev call tlii—bed-woik, m.ippeiv, closet war;
So that the rant, lh.it battels dowu'the wall,
For the <*ioat Mvinjjnnu imjrnevs of his poise,
'J'hcy plaee bcloie his hand, that made the engine ;
Oi those that with the lineness of theit souis
By reason iniuie his execution.''
Sir, there is one consolation: if the present Ad-
miuisttation will not do him and his noble and
gallant follower justice for their gallantry, cour-
age, and skill in the campaign in Virginia, m
18G"2, his country will.
u For more true joy Marcel lu<? exiled (eels
Thau Ufc-ai Willi a senate at In* heels."
The Crittenden resolutions were but a mere
affirmance of the declarations of the President
made again and again to the people and to Con-
gress, in which he said he " had no power di-
rectly or indirectly to interfere with the institu-
tion of slavery in the States where it existed;"
that he had " not the power, neither the inclina-
tion to do so;" that those who nominated him
" plated in tin* platform for his acceptance, and as
a law unto himand to themselves,"the resolution
which I will read, being the fourth of the Chicago
piatfoim:
" Resolved, That the maintenance inviolate of the light
of each ytate to oidei and control its own doimMie nibti-
tutionc [-lav.-iy included] according to Hs own judgment
exclusively is e>M>ntiai to the balance of power on which
the peifecuon and enduiance of our political fabnc de-
pend, and we denounce the lawless Invasion by armed
loice f11>e laid of John Blown, the ' saint, hero, and mar-
' ot .-ic K' ,,u!>iicuii party to-day] of the soil of any
Mate or Territory, no matter under what pretext, as the
gravest ot ciimes."
How far the President and the party who
placed him in power kept these pledges after that ;
power was obtained may be found in the series i
of legislative acts passed by Congress and ap- !
proved by the President from the period when I
he signed the bill " abolishing slavery in the Dis-
trict," down to that of hisproclamation abolish-
ing it everywhere, repealing the fugitive slave law,
putting arms in the hands of the negro, enlisting
him in the Army, and placing him upon full equaE
ity with our white scarred and veteran soldiers.
In fact, Congress has done more for the negro;
it has provided for the subsistence of their fam-
ilies while the men were in the field, while those
of the whites are not provided for.
The President tells us that the Chicago plat-
form was a "law" unto him and to those who
nominated him. If this is so why is it that he
and his friends with the most unblushing effront-
ery ask the Democratic party to disband and join
the Republican. If the Chicago platform is a
41 law" to Mr. Lincoln and his party should not
the platform of the Democratic party, handed
down from thedays of Mr. Jefferson, unchanged,
unaltered, and which for upwards of sixty years^
has carried this country to the highest state of
prosperity, through two foreign, not domestic,
wars, be still adhered to? And is not that plat-
form as much a 44 law" to us as the Chicago
platform to the Republican party? The last im-
perishable, whatever may be the destinies of the
Republic, as long as freedom exists, while the
former is now unknown, never spoken of, never
thought of, and scarcely a clause in it but what
is either changed or entirely obliterated by the
legislation of that party since it come into power,
not one of whom isso " pooras to do it reverence."
It had its day and accomplished its object, and
is now thrown away as waste paper. I have neves-
heard it quoted since Mr. Lincoln made his allu-
sion to it in his message at the called session of
1861.
i have said, Mr. Chairman, that the clauses in
the Chicago platform u had been changed or ob-
literated." Sir, there is one, the sixth, which in
theory is true, "true as holy writ," and the
sentiments tersely and beautifully expressed on
paper, one which should he placed in letters of
brass (gold would at the present prices be rather
expensive) on the doors of your Treasury, on
those of every Department of the Government, ay,
even on the White House, on the custom-houses,
on every disbursing office of the Government.
The sixth clause of the platform reads thus:
"That the people justly view with a'arm the reckless
extravagance which pervades cveiy dcpaitmentot the Fed-
eral Government; that a letum to rigid economy and ac-
countability i-i indispensable toanestthe systematic plun-
der ot the public Trcasiny by favored pauis-ans, wluly the
reeent staiihng developments of Ha mis and eoiruptions
at the Federal metropolis show that an entire change of
adnnnibtiation is imperatively demanded."
Brave words, well rounded periods, but most
impotent conclusions in action since the Repub-
lican party came into power. Ilow do the peo-
ple " justly view the reckless extravagance winch
pervades every department of the Government"
now; how the "startling developments of fraud
and corruption at the Federal metropolis" now;
and will they not tell you at the " ides of No-
j vember" that "an entire change of administra-
tion is imperatively demanded?" I think so.
Why, sir, it is not two years since, that the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] than whom no gentleman on either side
of this House stands higher for his gentlemanly
deportment, independence, and candor,and who,
where fraud is to be ferreted out, never "gives
up to party what was meant for mankind," said
here, on this floor, that the Treasury had been
robbed of more money by fraudulent contracts up
to that time than would have paid all " the cur-
rent expenses of Buchanan's administration;"
and has not this rivulet of peculation and fraud
since that time swelled into a volume likely to
bankrupt a Treasury already depleted by the ac-
tual wants of the Government? And yet this is
the party which viewed with so much alarm when
out of power " the reckless extiavagance which
pervaded every department" of the Administra-
tion which preceded it. Was there ever greater
hypocrisy? And yet it was by such pretenses
as these that the Republican party came into
power.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House deny
that the Crittenden resolution^' in the Thirty-
Sixth Congress weie defeated by them, although
voting m solid column against them. Their ex-
cuse is, that finding the Democratic Senatoia
from the seceded States, then holding their seats
in the Senate, would not vote at all, (a two-third
vote being required,) even should a portion of the
Republicans vote for them, they determined to
vote them down, and they did so. Admitting
this to be true, I ask my Republican friends to
tell me why on another occasion, when the same
resolutions were before the House on a propo-
sition to submit them to a vote of the people who
would have adopted them beyond all question by
an overwhelming vote, they, voted the proposition
down?
