1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cbiseand authorize the corporators to impose the
amount of that tax as an additional charge on the
customers who use their road or ferry. While 1
assume thatground, I concede that on any visible
property that any corporation may own, any real
estate at its fair value assessed like other real
estate in the country, Congress may impose "a"
tax. Beyond that amount or in any other form'
I deny that Congress has the'power to impose a
tax.
  The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew,Davis,Grimes,Hale, Harlan,
Ilan is, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Fomeroy, Powell,
Ten Eyck, and Trumbull—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Clatk, Conness,Cowan,Dix-
on, Doohttle, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Howe, Lane of
Indiana, Morgan, "Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—20.
ABSJ5NT—Messrs. Brown, Carlilo, Chandler, CoMamer,
Harding, Hendeicmn. Hicks, Lane of Kansas, McDougall,
Moniil,Netvinitli, Richardson, Iliddle, Saulsbury, Wilkin-
son, and Wright—16.
So the amendment of Mr. Henpricks to the
amendment of the Committee on Finance was
rejected.
The amendment of the committee was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Finance Committee
was in section one hundred and five, line three,
y> strike out" three" and insert " five;" so as to
read:
That for every pas^poi tissued from the office of the Sec-
retary of<State there shall be paid the sum of five dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and seven, line six, after the word " horse-
manship" to strike out "or;" after "acrobatic
sports" to insert l^or other shows;" after " con-
certs," in line eigtit, to strike out "exhibitions;"
and in line thirteen, after " exhibitions" to insert
"shows."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and $ight, line four, after the word " or" to
insert "of any toll-road or;" and after "carry-
ing," in line five, to insert" on."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen of
section one hundred and eight, aftei- the word
"also" to strike out" within ten days;" and in
line eighteen strike out "Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue" and insert " collector."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERM AN. In regard to the next sec-
tion I have an mendment intended as a substi-
tute for that and the various amendments reported
by the committee to it. I propose that my amend-
ment be printed, and that that section be passed
over.
, Mr. SUMNER. What section is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Section one bundled and
nine, covering banks and banking. My amend-
ment is rather too long to understand it by the
mere reading of it. I want it printed, and the sec-
tion to be passed over informally.
Mr. FESSENjDEN. I have no objection.
The amendment was ordered to be printed, and
section one hundred and nine was passed over.
Mr. CONNESS also submitted an amendment,
which was received informally and ordered to be
printed.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and ten, line three, after the word "lotte-
ries" to strike out "as aforesaid;" and m line
lour to strike out " five" and insert " ten;" so as
to read:
That rvervindividual,partnership, firm,and association,
beni? proprietors, managcts. or agents ot lotteries, shall pay
a tax of ten per cent, on the gio-ss amount of the receipts
fiom the said business.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five,
after the word "dollars" to insert "or be im-
prisoned not exceeding one year."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second " from," in line thirty-nine of section one
hundred and ten, before " tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and thirteen, line twenty-seven, ftfter the
word "district" to strike out "as aforesaid;"
and in line thirty, after the word "return" tb
strike out " as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-five.of
section one hundred and thirteen,after "law",to*
strike out " as aforesaid;" and in line fifty-six to
strike out " #1,000" and insert'? $600;" so as to
read, " and that the receipts for advertisements
tp the amount of $600 annually," &c., " shall be
exempt fiom duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" duty," in line sixty of seetion thirteen, to strike
out the following proviso:
Ami provided fuilher, That all newspapers whose cir-
culation does not exceed two thousand copies shall be ex-
empted from all taxes tor advertisements.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out" two" and inserting " one;*'
so as to read, "all newspapers whose circula-
tion does not exceed one thousand copies shall
be exempted from all taxes for advertisements."
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. If the exemption is madeatall,
let it be made up to two thousand, because that
is a very small circulation for a newspaper. One
thousand would be„simply no circulation at-all.
Mr. HALE. If there be any papers that have
but one thousand, and that is no circulation at all,
there would be the more necessity for making the
exemption in their case. I can tell the Senator
that there are a great many newspapers which
do not circulate a thousand copies, little country
papers.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire to make his amend-
ment fifteen hundred instead of one thousand.
Mr. HALE. Very good. Try fifteen hun-
dred.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That will cover most of
the country newspapers.
Mr. GRIMES, I should like to know whatis
meant by "circulation." Does it mean regular
daily or weekly subscribers? [f I am correctly
informed, there are some of the most profitable
publications in the country that have not compar-
atively any regular subsenbers, but they are ad-
vertising sheets that circulate some weeks very
extensively and other weeks comparatively none;
they are advertising papers published in the large
cities, and they have no legitimate circulation in
the sense m which we understand that term.
They do not have any subscription books with
two or three thousand names down; but they sell
an immense number through the cars by boys,
and to the merchants to distribute for western and
southern trade. Shall not that class of publica-
tions be taxed? It seems to mo they should. I
should like to understand exactly what we aie
voting for when we are striking this out.
Mr. BUCKALEW. By the word "circula-
tion" is meant all copies distributed. That is the
general sense.
Mr. GRIMES. Regular distribution or irreg-
ular distribution ?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Either.
Mr. HEINDRICKS. Insert the word " distri-
bution."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
uoy.) The question is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, to amend the clause
by striking out "two thousand" and inserting
" fifteen hundred."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee, to
strike out the clause as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
i dred and fourteen, line three, after " any" to in-
sert " person or;" after " any," m the same line,
insert "person;" after "incorporated," in line
four, to insert " oi unincorpoiated;" and after
" company,"in line four, to insert " having more
than one place of business;" so that the clause
will read:
That whenever by this act any license, duty, or tax of
any description has been imposed on any pewn or eorjrt>-
rate hodv, or property of any person, incorporated or unin-
corporated company having more than one place of busi-
ness, it shall be lawful lor the Commissioner ot Internal
Revenue to pre&cnbe and determine in wiiat di>tnct s-ueh
j tax shall be assessed and collected, and to what officer
thereof the 6fficial noticesfequired'in tliat behalf shall b'e-
gtven. and of whom payment of suds tax shaJi be de-
manded. „ ^ >' '< . . - '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the'end
of the section the following ptoviso: «. ; '
. Provided} That ail manufacturing corporations shall
; assessed,and the tax collected in the district within vvhicli
the place ofrrmnufhetute Is located.
" The amendment'w^s agreed to, _ '
Mr. GRIMES*'., I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May.H6, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clpck, m. Prayer
by Rev, Dr. Hosm&h, of Buffalo, New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
ilEHJEE1 OF CITIZENS Off DENVER.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table bill
of the House No 432, for the relief of citizens of
Denver, in the Territory of Colorado, in order that
the amendments of the Senate may be concurred
in. I will state that the amendments are merely
verbal.
There was no objection; and the bill was taken
up, and the amendments of the Senate were read
and concurred in.
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
bywhich tho amendments were concurred in; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IIAKBOK'IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. WASHRUllNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from the Oswego district, [Mr. Little-
john,] who has been detained from the House by
ill health nearly the whole session, a few days
ago introduced a bill, which was referred to tho
Committee on Commerce, in relation to the repair
of the harbors on the lakes. The C'otinnittee on
Commerce is entirely opposed in the present state
of the finances of the country to reporting any
general river and harbor bill; but they directed
mc to report back the bill which was introduced
by the gentleman fiom New York, with amend-
ments. The first section of that bill provided
an appropriation of $300,000 for the purpose of
repairing such public woiks upon the lakes as
require to be repaired in order that they may not
be entirely destroyed. Another section provided
that the same sum should be appropriated for the
preservation of the harbors on the sea-coast. The
Committee on Commerce have directed me to re-
port that bill back, reducing the amount in the
first section to #250,000; and in the second sec-
tion—and it is done in accordance with the views
of the gentlemen on the committee who represent
the seaboard—we reduce the appropriation from
#300,000 to §100,000. That, according to them,
is enough for the repairs needed to preserve the
harbors on the seaboard, so far as the public
works are concerned. These appropriations are"
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War and of the engineer of the War
Department, who has full knowledge of the re-
pairs necessary to prevent the public works upon
the great lakes and the seaboard from going to
decay.
This bill, as every gentleman knows, mustgo
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, if objection be made. I have made
this statement to the House, and if any objection
be made to considering it now I ask that it may
be printed, and its consideration postponed to an-
other day.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois that instead of having the
bill printed and postponed indefinitely, the bill
be postponed to a day certain, when we may go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and take it up and consider it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing to conform to what seems to be the wish of
the House, but I will state to my friend from
Wisconsin that I am as much interested in this
bill as he is, and I think that there will be noob-
