1864.
THE COlf&KESSlOffAL GLOBE.
1526
Government shall buy and use their own drays
and horses; and the other to build a railroad for
a very short distance—I do not remember the ex-
act distance—atan expense of$10,000. The De-
partment thought, and so did the committee, that
the cheapest way would be to build the railroad.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 know the location very
well: and it would be a great deal better to have
the railroad.
Mr. HALE, It is so thought by everybody
who has had anything to do with it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. On the same page, afterlinc three
hundred and thirty-two, the committee recom-
mend the following appropriation:
For the purchase ami pteparation of a sue for a cemetery
for theNavj and marine corps near Philadelphia, §20,000.
The communication from the Navy Department
on that subject is very short, and I will read it.
It is from Rear Admiral Smith:
Navy Department,
Bureau or Yards and Docks,
Jlpril 2, 1804.
Sir: The circumscribed area of the ground^ of the Naval
Asylum ami Ilo&pital at Philadelphia will not admit of the
extension ot the bunal gtound. The vv.ir luu> biougbt so
many mcIc and cau-ed *o many deaths there that it is ab-
solutely neee^.ny to piocuie a lot tor a cemetery for the
Navy near Philadelphia, and I theiefore request that you
will ar-k Comziew for an appiopriation oi' &:20,OOO tor the
purchase and ptepuranon or a site for a cemetery fot the
Navy and inaiinc eoip>. A site can probably be pmchased
foi twelve ot iilteca thou-^nd dollars, and the fencing, &-e.,
foi $,"),U00, but if the appiopriation be made a commission
should select the site.
I have the honor to be, with great te<pect, your obedient
scivant, JOSEPH SMITH,
Chi'f of the Bureau,
Hon. Gideon* Welles, Sect clary of the. Xavy.
The amendment v/as agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment to
propose by the direction of the Committee on
JNTava! Affairs. It is on page 8, line one hundred
and seventy-nine, to strike out all after the word
" kinds'* down to the word " thousand," in line
one hundi cd and eighty-two. To make the amend-
ment intelligible, 1 will state that this clause now
reads as follows.
Boston:
For additional amount for joiners' shop, additional
amount for coal hon-e, extension of phear vvhait. taih.oad
tsack-, and repan&ol all kinds, and lor CMcnMOii uf water
iiont by purchase ot two Jon adjoining ijavy-yatd atapnco
not exceeding $135,000, ,§319,500.
The committee propose to strike out these
words:
And for extension of watc! front by puichaseof two lota
adjoining navy-} aid, at a priee not exceeding 000.
And then to subtract $135,000 proposed to be
stticken out from the agijirgate, $319,500, leaving
the amount £,184,500. The item will then read:
For additional amount for joinoi-,' f-hop, additional
amount for coal hou-e. cU'-iimou ot shear whail, laiiioad
Hack--, and rep,ut< of alt kind-, 1,500.
Mr. JOHNSON. Why ate these words pro-
posed t<> be stricken out3
iVlr. HALE. I will state; and 1 shall he glad
if I can get the attention of what few Senators
there are present,
Some two or three years a£o, I think in the last
Congress, application was made to Confess to
extend the navy-yard at Chai lesfown, on the west
side, by the purchase of a lot of ground of Oak-
man & Eldredge at the pi ice of $150,000. After
a long discussion, the Senate refused to agree to
it, but finally by a teport of a committee of con-
ference it was adopted, and the land was bought.
That kind had formerly been owned by a Mr. i
White, who testified that fot ten years pievious I
he had boon trying to sell it to the Government '
for #75,000, but he could not do it. He then sold !
it to Oakman & Eldredge for $66,125. Immedi- !
ately aftetwards, or within a few months—lean-
not state the precise lime, but very soon after-
waids—these gentlemen, Oakman & Eldredge,
who bought of White, sold the land to the Gov-
ernment for ^120.000. Nothing more was heard
of it up to the commencement of this session.
There was no estimate made foi any additional
purchase; no claim made thatany more purchase
was desired; but Oakman & Cldiedge made so
good a sale during tlu  last Congress that they
went on and bought two additional lots m the
same direction, still further west. One of those
lots they bought since this Congress has been in
session, to wit, on the 18ili of December. Of the
two lots which they thus bought, they now pro-
pose to sell to this Government a little more than
half. They gave $104,000 for the whole of the
two lots. They propose to sella little more than
half of them to the Government for #135,000. In
other words, they propose to ask of the Govern-
ment $31,000 for a little over a half, more than
they gave for the whole.
The city of Charlestown, where this land is lo-
cated,is very small in territorial limit, and theyare
very much opposed to this proposition. They
have passed resolutions on the subject. They
believe that the Govern merit do not want this land,
and they are unwilling to have this property taken
out of their taxable property and their mercantile
facilities. There is abundant evidence—and I sup-
pose it has been submitted to the. Committee on
Finance—that, in point of fact, the Government
now own on the east side of the yard a gi eat amount
of property that might be made available at a much
easier and cheaper rate than by buying this land
of Oakman & Eldredge, who have bought it for
the purpose of selling it to us. The water front
of the land which the Go vernmeut owns on the
cast side of the yaid, and which is not filled up,
is about three thousand four hundred feet. It is
not so deep as on the east side, but the land on
the east has been bought by private gentlemen,
who have cleared it out, dredged it, and made it
available for the purposes of navigation. The
! Government proposes to buy that, while, by ncg-
j Iccting their land on the east side, the deposits
; in the river are coming down and filling it up.
There is various evidence that if the Govern-
ment will improve their own land thc.y can do it
at a much more reasonable price, and have better
propeity, than they can get by buying this land
at this exorbitant rate.. 1 have before me quite
an amount of testimony that has been submitted
to the Committee on .Naval Affairs, and also a
plan of the land, which any gentleman who de--
| sires to do so can examine. The Naval Commit-
tee believe this thing is entirely unnecessary, and
such is the opinion of the most practical men
theie. I shall not lead much of it, but I ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a moment while I
read one piece of testimony. I propose to read
the testimony of William L. Hanscom, who is
the Government constructor at the Charlestown
navy-yard:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts:
f, William L. Iianscom, of lhMon, m the comity of
Suffolk, on my oath say that I am naval conductor; iiiat
I ha v e held said ofhee ten v<-ai-, and lor four \ ear-> last past
have been stationed at the l.'hai leMown navy-jnnl; that the
water ftontnge on M\-Uc liver is about tint ty-four bundled
feci; that a huge poi tioo of r-.iul iromaue is now unnnpioved,
vvlneh ought be inipiovod to threat advantage im what ('pur-
pose* in the exten-ion of pier.s without detinuent, hut, on
the contiaiy, with great benefit to the yaid.
WILLIAM L. IIAN^COM.
That is the testimony of the Government officer
who is there in chaige. I have here also the tes-
timony of Mr. White, the man who owned the
laud that we bought two years ago, winch I will
read. It is as follows:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts:
J, Geoi«je W. H lute, of Chailestown. in the county of
Middlesex, on my oath &aj that J have lived in said city
yeai- ; that i have dwir d u h.irves wuhtn the miuie,
and have done bn-'me-s then on; as tenant and owner I
oeeupied the what f next adjacent to the nav\ -vaid for about
eurlneen ) eais ; it eonUiu- about one liundted and Hi teen
thousand superficial leet. In iMiU F hied to «-eli it to the
fJnifed State- and ofteied it for to thorn. or rather
tin*, offer was made \\ ith my eonemroiico by a josntovv ner
with mi. Mi. Dai iow, but a t-alo eouid not be cflected. and
we afterwards sold it lof a le<.- puce to Oakman &
Eldmipre, who. aiterhn mp out over twenty thousand dol-
lar-- iheieoii, sold Jt lo the United Status.
They sold it for $120,000.
Mr. DAVIS, i should like to ask the honor- !
able Senator one question. Who was the agent
of the Government who refused to puichase that
property ftom White at a rcduced price,and who
purchased it afterwards at such an exorbitant
pi ice?
Mr. HALE. That I cannot say, but I think
the Senator can get all the information at the Bu-
reau of Yards and Docks. 1 am not conveisant
wi$h the fact and was not. Uut this testimony of
White continiu s;
" Within the yard I am cei tain the Government can con-
stuict many valuable wnaives without deutment to any
interest thecal, which would be quite as valuable any ;
other whad property m the euv. ai.d pattitulaily to the ,
Tinted Stales, as they would be wnhm the limits ot then i
own >aul.M \
Besides, there are a great number of affidavits I
here from men who know theproperty; men who j
have for many years been assessois of property i
in the city of Charlestown, whoestimate the value
of this property for which we are asked to give
#135,000at #60,000. There is among the papers
also evidence that the portion that Oakman &
Eldredge would reserve to themselves after this
sale to the Government would be worth quite as
much as that which they sell to the Government.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They offer the whole for
only #35,000 more than this piece.
Mr. HALE. I cannot say how that is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Their offer is $135,000
for this piece, or the whole for $160,000.
Mr. ANTIIONY. What did they give?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They gave $104,000.
Mr. HALE. I think the ratio is about eighty
to between fifty and sixty. ( propose now to
read the resolution of the mayor and aldermen of
the city of Charlestown on this subject:
City of Charlestown,
In Board of Mayor and Aldermen,
February 29, 1864.
Whereas negotiations are in progress whereby certain
agents of the United States Government propose'to cause
the United States to puichase Caswell's and BnntnalPs
wharves, so called, in thlb city : It is therefore
0)rfered, (in concurrence.) That his honor, the mayor,
bo directed to take such stops to pievent the transfer of
said property by appearing before a committee of Congress,
by counsel or otlicivvisc, as he may deem ncccssary.
DANIEL WILLIAMS,
City Clerk.
I have here also the deeds, but I suppose there
will be no dispute about them. One of them was
dated in September, 1863, and the other last De-
cember, some eighteen days after this Congress
had been in session, to Oakman & Eldredge.
I will now read the testimony of Edward Law-
rence:
Commonwealth of Massachusetts:
I, Edwaid Lawrence, of Charlestown, in the county of
Middlesex, on my oath say, that Timothj T. Savvjer.Esq.,
and mj^eif weic tenants in common and owneis of Cas-
well's wharf, <-o called, in said city, piior to last Septem-
ber. I Itave been a l undent ot said city nearly fony years,
have been con*tantl\ in activc bu^ine-s. pursuits', have been
in iH eitv government for eev iial yoar^, and have, during
the last fifteen oi twenty years at least, been well acquainted
with the situation, value, and condition of the real estate
therein.
In September last we sold -said Caswell's wharf to Messrs.
Oakman & Ekliedge for ,$49,000. We thought it better
to sell it for that than to hoid it and let it. Before selling
it, Mr. Sawverand mj «elf canvassed tliequestion whether
the Government would he likely soon, or within any rea-
sonable time, to need it. But upon what we knew and
learned wi. concluded the Government could have no oc-
cii^ton to buy it.
This wharl we considered to be more valuable by some
thousands of dollars titan Ihmtnairs whaif, so called,then
owned by Mr. Hintinger. It f-eemed to us then, and it seems
to n '> now, it the Government needs more whail that it
can bettci ninkeitin its unoccupied -paeesni the jard than
to buy out.-Ide ibcieof. And I now ihmk the whole or a
p;ut of this pniehaM- money, it expended within the yard,
would pioiluce far better whatf lacihties than will result
Jiom thif purchase.
My acquaintance with the business affairs of this city
teache  me that the withdrawal ot' this fiom the hands of
pi ivate own'n-hip will be a misfortune m several respects,
and paiticulmly that our ttadeand conimeice need it, ia-
nsjmieh 'is very few what vei now remain m private hands,
so that there are not lacihtioo otfeied lor the cauying on
of any veiy eonsidciable nificantde enterpti-es requiring
enlarged whatf facilities. Do-idef, it opiates os a hard-
ship upon our small cit£ of about six hundred acies ot xeal
estate to take moie of its land ironi taxation.
But both tiie^e consociation's and all others I should
readily yield if f could see any reasonable exigency on the
partgl the Government fortius ptopetly.
I shall not read any more of th^sc affidavits,
some of which are ftom gentlemen who have been
assessors of property in Charlestown for a good
many years, and who say that $G0,GU0 is the ut-
most that the property is worth.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tins subject of purchas-
ing a small piece or a large piece of land, it you
please, adjoining the Charu'Slown navy-yard,and
thereby enlarging the yard, has been a matter that
has occasioned considerable debate in Congress,
and in one form or another has been under con-
sideration for several years. I regret that the
Senate is not in a condition to settle the matter
undcrstandingly. On looking around the Cham-
ber I see but about a dozen members present. I
suppose the proper business of the Senate, the'
making; of appropriations, is not of much conse-
quence in reality to the country by the way in
which we appropriate millions of dollars; and this
matter must be left to take its course accidentally,
and lesuit well or ill us may happen._
My attention has been called to this matter in
one shape or another for a considerable period of
time. With tegard to the first purchase that was
made, if. was of a piece of land lying between this
