480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
in order to decide to-day what the House is to do
to-morrow.
ASSAY OFFICE IN ST. LOUlS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to establish an assay office
in the city of St. Louis, State of Missouri; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
UNION GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Union Gas-Light
Company of the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
THE STEAM TRANSPORT UNION.
, Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a joint resolution to
provide for the payment of the officers and crew
of the United States steam transport Union,
wrecked .November 3,1861, off the coast of North
Carolina; which was read a firstand second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CONFISCATION ACT.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a resolution, which was read,
considered, and agreed to, instructing the Judiciary
Committee to inquire into the propriety and expe-
diency of amending the confiscation act passed
July 17, 18G2, so as to require the court making
any order or decree under it for the sale of estates
containing more than five hundred acres, to cause
the same to be divided and offered for sale in lots of
not more than one hundred and sixty acres.
JACOB WEAVER.
Mr. NOBLE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Jacob Weaver; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a personal explanation.
During the morning hom, or before the com-
mencement of the morning hour, a resolution was
proposed by the honorable gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kellogg] who sits near me. To that
resolution an amendment was proposed by the
honorable gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
man.] I heard the amendment, and supposed it
to have been an original resolution, unci so sup-
posing, I rose in my place and objected to it.
The point was made that 1 did not hm- in season,
the resolution being already before the House,
and the Speaker so adjudged. 1 insisted that my
objection whs in season, supposing that the
amendment of the gentleman ftom Indiana was
an original resolution; and on my .statement the
resolution of the gentleman from New York was
not received. 1 desire now to say that my ob-
jection was not intended at all to have been made
to the resolution of the gentleman from New Yoik.
Thu SPEAKER. Tim Chaii will statu that he
was confident the facts wore a.s now stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts: but when he stated
positively that he had risen in time, and his atute-
mentwas confirmed byothergcntlenmn sitting-near
him, the Chair, deferring to the testimony of gen-
tlemen on the floor, supposed he might possibly
have been mistaken, and therefore entertained the
objection.
Mr. ELIOT. What I objected to was the res-
olution of the gentleman from Indiana.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
then, the resolution will now be presented.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. It is merely
a resolution for reference.
The SPEAKER. Understanding that tho res-
olution is in the hands of the reporters, the Chair,
if no objection be made, will consider it as pend-
ing m the morning.
No objection was made.
TONNAGE ON VESSELS.
Mr. MARCY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be requested
to iwjuae into the expediency ot amending section fifteen,
chapter one hundred ami fifty-thiot, of aii act wichmmuu
tempoianly the dime* on iuipoits, and for other ptuposc-'.
p.ij&ed July M. 18>0. Ilejri&teied -hips tiom poit^ subject
to paving ten rem- pu ton, now ri quired b> Jaw said
re<^tered ships alter p.tyingteri cent* pet ton shall have the
privilege extended to them of procecdmg to any other p©it
in the United States, if on tho following voyage, free of
foreign tonnage money as now requned b> law the second
time.
NATIONAL POUNDERY.
Mr. STROUSE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to establish a national foundery in the
coal and iron region of Pennsylvania; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
LOUISIANA LAND TITLES.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill authorizing the issue of patents for
locations made and certificates granted under the
authority of an act of Congress, approved March
17, 1862, allowing floats in satisfaction of lands
sold by the United States Government within the
Las Omegas and La Nana grants; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
It. A. KLOPFKR.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the case of H. A.
Klopfer, for reference to the Court of Claims.
MISSISSIPPI AND MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the consent of the House
to report from the Committee on Public Lands a
bill to construct a ship canal for the passage of
armed naval vessels from the Mississippi river to
Lake Michigan, and for other purposes, for the
purpose of having it printed and recommitted.
Mr. IIOLMAN. If the gentleman will allow
the bill to go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union I will not object.
Mr. ARNOLD. The object is simply to have
the bill printed and recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object to that.
RAILROAD TO 1'UCET SOUND.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agiecd to:
Resolved, That the committee on the Pacific railroad be
iiwtiuetfd to impure into the expediency of extend my the
projected railtoad noin Saciamento to Portland, Oregon, to
i'uget Sound, Washington Temtoiy.
SIIIP CANAL.
Mr. IIOLMAN". I objected to the reporting
of a bill in lefeience to a ship canal unless it was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Arnold] proposes to report it, I understand,
to have k punted und then recommitted. For
that purpose I do not object. I only want the
subject open to discission when it comes before
the House. 1 withdraw my objection.
Mr. ARNOLD, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill to construct a ship
canal for the passage of armed naval vessels from
the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the same committee.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was lucommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be Kud upon
tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OVERLAND MAILS.
Mr. COLE,-of California, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Poet Office and
Post Ro.tds be in^tiuctcd to impinc into the expediency ol
so modii>iug the law in leldtion to cairj-mg the mails aV to
authorise the Po-unai-ier Geneiat, at any time, npon no-
tice,!') modify any contiact lor e.uiyingthc overbndmails
to ihe Pacific l>> -diortoiung the schedule tnnconsaid mute
or altering the same; and aUoas to the expediencj of such
alterations, and that they leport by bill oi othciwise.
LEWIS BOLLMAN AND OTHERS.
Mr. HARRINGTON introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That there be refeired to the Committee of
Claims to consider, and lepoir by bill or otherwise, on the
claim of Lewi* tollman and otheis, foi contributing to
ij the* agricultural volume of l^GJ, which contnLutions, it is
; j alleged, ate unpaid ; andali-o that the papei* accompany jng
i; f.aitl claim be reicried to said committee. |
,j And then, on motion of Air. MORRILL, (at
j; twenty minutes past four o'clock, p. m.,) tho
ij IIousc adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 4, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a memorial of citizens
of St. Louis, Missouri, remonstrating against ad-
ditional taxes on rectified spirits and on spirits on
hand, and praying that a tax may be imposed on
the raw material in the hands of distillers; which
was ordered to he on the table.
Healso presented the rr^emorial of the National
Land-Transfer Association of the State of Mis-
souri, praying that aid may be given to them to
promote the emigration of skilled and other labor-
ers to that State; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS presented a petition of citizens
of California, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Los Angeles, California, to La
Puz, in the Territory of Arizona; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of A.
J. Conter, treasurer of the Overland Mail Com-
pany, praying that their present contract for car-
rying the mail may be extended for the term of
five years from the time of its expiration, subject
to such modifications as may be deemed neces-
sary; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the Committee
on Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 45) to set apart a portion of the State of Texas
for the use of persons of African descent, reported
itwith amendments, and submitted a report, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of George
Henry Preble, commander in the United States
Navy, submitted a report accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 95) for the relief of George Henry Preble,
a commander in the Navy of the United States.
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 39)
for the relief of William Porter and William Lur-
kms, reported it with an amendment.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, it was
Ordered, That Michael Nash have leave to withdiawhis
petition and other papeis from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Oidcred, That the papers in iclation to ttie claim of John
Hastings be taken from the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask leave of the Sen-
ate, to withdraw fiom the files the papers relating
to the claim of Captain John H. Aulick. I \frill
state tho circumstances. There has been an ad-
verse report in the case, but there are among the
papers some private letters from some distin-
guished friends who are now deceased that Cap-
tain Aulick is very desirous of keeping for his
own use and the use of his family, and he asks as
a favor that the Senate will allow him to with-
draw them from the files.
Mr. GRIMES. Withdraw merely the letters?
Mr. HALE. Only the letters.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That order will be
made, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mt.Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 3d instant, a joint resolution (S. No. 18) m
relation to the public printing.
COMMITTEE ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer tho following reso-
lution:
Resolved. That there he added to the 34th rule of tho
.Senate, piovidmg lor the appointment of the standing com-
mittees, the loliowmg, namely: A Committee on Manutac-
tuie<j to con-.ibt of live member?.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This lesolution
will lie over one day, under tho rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. If there is no objection, I
will ask its present consideration.
