1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
' 25G3L*
for the protection of our, liberties. Let them not
come to the exclusion of those who have birth-
rights and vvh.o bear the heat and burden of the.
day. We wiiljtreat them as welL as we do the
most favored nation, as neighbors, but we will not
feed and clothe them. If they are to enjoy our
markets let it be on the same terra's with other
nations of the world. Why not? is there any
man opposed to giving this notice who can show
what has ever been discovered during the work-
ing of this treaty which would induce us to'be*
lieve that there is anything on the part of the
Canadians that they can give us' for what We give
them ? What reciprocal advantages can they re-
turn to us? What benefits do they give us for
those we confer on them? They tell us that we
may go to their markets. Why, sir, they have
no markets. We may go there, but what is the
use of going there if there are no markets? I
know there are no markets there; 1 was born hear
there, and I know what I say. Fifty bullocks
from Illinois would frighten every butcher out of
Montreal!
The House will excuse my homely compar-
isons. I am, when at home, nothing but a farmer,
and I thank God for it. If it were not for him
what trade or commerce would we have? He
has, by his industry and skill, brought this land
into cultivation, and upon his labor the past and
the future of our country rests securely.
Mr. Speaker, you have raised up the manufac-
tures of Canada since this treaty went into op-
eration. Since its ratification at every session
of the provincial Parliament they have imposed
duties upon our manufactures. Their manufac-
tures are now going on and flourishing, for the
very reason that they are driving out our manu-
factures. Our manufacturers take their capital and
workmen and set up their establishments there.
Do you see anything flattering in that? Is that
one of the reciprocal advantages ? Do our man-
ufacturing interests ask us to continue that con-
dition of things ?
This is a subject in which I feel an interest, and
I may, perhaps, show some warmth, but I know
tlmtl am right. I want the abrogation ofthe treaty
to be unconditional. If they want anything of
us, and can show that they can furnish us with
some reciprocal advantage, then it will be time to
consider the subject, but they have nothing to
give us m return.
I will now say a few words as to the line of
communication between the great West and the
Atlantic. They luwe, at groat expense, opened up
a line of communication from Casco bay to Lake
Michigan, and beyond to Grand Rapids.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I move that the gentle-
man be allowed to proceed for ten minutes longer.
There was no objection; and it was agreed to
accordingly, ,
Mr. BAXTER. I thank the House for its
favor.
What was the argument of Mr. Gait, the Cana-
dian finance minister, for the making of that line
of communication? I am acquainted with Mr.
Gait, and know lnm to be a talented and skillful
man, for he took from John Bull's pocket mil-
lions that will never gladden his eyes again.
What was the cry by which he took the money
out of John Bull's pocket? Why it was this, that
they were going to drain the great West. If this
argument had not been used they could not have
raised stock to have built sixty miles of the road.
Now, it has been said that if we ablegate this
treaty they will take umbrage and deprive us of
their trade. Do you believe that they will do
that? If they did they would not make one per
cent, to keep their lines of communication in re-
pair. They want all the trade they can get, and
they will take all they can get. Do ypuknow of
tiny country that wants to decrease Us carrying
trade? Our products will continue to go to the
Canadas and to Casco bay—to Portland, thai
beautiful city, God bless her—whether the treaty
be abrogated or not.
Gentlemen have talked about importing wool.
I am happy to say that in a few days we will have
something that wilflead the people to believe that
we have a protecting Government. If the tariff
bill, which will soon be reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, shall be passed by
this House, you will see the great prairies of the
West dotted all over with sheep, and within a
few years after, instead of importing wool, we
will supply the whole world with wool. Does
any man know where it can be produced cheaper
than here? Only give us support, only give us
reason to believe that the people shall have sup-,
port in that respect, and we shall bfe able, to do
that.
I am much obliged to the House for indulging
me, and I will detain them but one momentlonger;
If you are going to pass this resolution I want to
amend it a little. If this commission is to be pro-
vided for, I want its name changed to "A com-
mission to arrange terms for continuing, in a dig-
nified position, the wet-nurse of the sick British
colonies." [Laughter.] I have done.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I shall not attempt to dis-
cuss all the questions involved in this resolution,
but I will ask the indulgence of the House while
I address myself very briefly to two questions
growing out of it. It strikes me that in our pres-
ent position, particularly in the Northwest, the
great granary of this continent, we need the cheap-
est transportation to the seaboard that can possi-
bly be obtained.
until the breaking out of this rebellion the
Northwest had one outlet unobstructed, in the
Mississippi river, through which channel passed
the greater amount of her surplus products. For
three years that has been closed, but before it was
closed the people of the Northwest, and I may
say of the East too, felt the necessity of securing
another cheap outlet to the ocean through the
lakes and the St. Lawrence*. If a necessity for
that outlet was felt before the Mississippi river
was closed, its importance addresses itself to us
with double force at the present time. It is a
question which comes home to the grain-growers
of the West whether, while the great Mississippi
river is closed to us, wc will abrogate this treaty
and close the St. Lawrence also.
It was^aid by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] the other day,.when discussing this ques-
tion, that the free navigation of the St. Lawrence
river was of very little importance to the people
of any section of the country, and that since the
adoption of this reciprocity arrangement with
Great Britain but few cargoes had left the ports
of the lakes and gone to the ocean. That may be
true, but it is no answer to the other point. The
very fact that the St. Lawrence has been open to
our free navigation has had a tendency to keep
down the rate of transportation from the western
States to the Atlantic coast, because, although we
did not send many cargoes of produce directly
from the western lake ports through the lakes
and the St. Lawrence to the Atlantic ocean, the
cost of transportation was reduced by precisely
the amount we would have had to pay under this
treaty.
Again, the treaty has operated favorably to the
grain-growing interest of the West in this, that,
while this lineofcommunication with the Atlantic
ocean was unobstructed by duties, it forced those
lujesof canal and railroad communication between
the western country and the seaboard, by which
we reach New York and other points upon the sea-
coast, to carry produce at a low rate of freight, for
the reason that if they exacted exorbitant rates
that produce would seek an outlet to the Atlantic
ocean through the St. Lawrence. Hence this
treaty has operated in a double sense to cheapen
the rate of transportation from the West to the
Atlantic seaboard.
Now, sir, with the great Mississippi closed
against us, and with the St. Lawrence closed
against us, as it will be if you abrogate this
treaty, you place our grain-growing interest in
the West at the mercy ofthe canal and railroad
corporations which exist between the western
country and the Atlantic ocean. You place them
in a position where they Will compel us to pay
just such tribute as their love of money may ex-
act. Suppose you close this free outlet to the
ocean by abrogating this treaty, you thereby
place every .shipping merchant ui the West at the
mercy of railroad and canal corporations con-
trolling and operating the only channel through
which we can reach the broad Atlantic. If, then,
there ever was a reason why we should have free
navigation of the St. Lawrence so as to operate
as a chcck upon this exorbitant spirit that con-
trols the corporations of tlie country, that reason-,
operates with double force, since our other water
outlet to the ocean—the Mississippi-rivers—has
beetj closed to us by reason of this war. •
Again, sir, it has been manifested throughout
this discussion by those advocating the 'obtogar ,
tion of this treaty that there.is another reason;,
which does not appear upon the facc of the meas-
ure, and it was alluded to by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Pike.] They desire to abrogate this .
treaty in order that our Go vernmentmay be placed
in a position where they can tax the products of
our western soil. The gentleman said that the ■
treaty stands in the way of taxing our flour and .
grain; that during theexisience ofthe treaty, owing
to the peculiar circumstances in which the Gov- •
ernment is placed, the Committee of Ways and
Means have not thought propel to incorporate
into the internal revenue bill a tax upon the flour i
and other products of the West. Sir, I oppose
the abrogation of the treaty for that reason. The ,
West have burdens enough to bear. The West
has already felt the burdens of this Government
during the war for the last four years more heav-
ily than any other section of the country. You
have not only withdrawn, in constituting, your
Army, the bone and sinew of the West and left' «
our farms to the winds and storms for the want
of labor to cultivate them, but now you propose
to increase the taxation imposed on us in reach-
ing the markets of the world, and, in addition to
that, to tax the products of our soil. As a west- , i
em man, representing an agricultural interest, I
protest against the abrogation of this treaty, first,
because it would place the agricultural interests of
the West in the power of corporations that have
no souls, by compelling us to use their lines of com-
niunication; and, second, because the avowed pur-
pose is to saddle us in addition to that with in-
creased taxation. For these reasons I am opposed
to the abrogation of this treaty, and shall vote
against it.
Mr. SWEAT. Mr. Speaker, it is so evidently
impossible to discuss this question in ten minutes
—a question of ,so great commercial and interna-
tional importance—that 1 could not accept the tea
minutes so courteously extended to me by the
gentleman from New York were it not for the
purpose of simply saying to the House that the
people of the State winch I in part represent hrre
are not altogether in favor of the views presented
by the gentleman from the fifth district [Mr.
Pike] last week. I would no^even for this pur-
pose occupy the attention of the House for a
moment if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Ward] were willing or disposed to occupy the
whole of his time, because I believe thatfrom the
research which that distinguished gentleman has
devoted to this subject his views arc much more
valuable and would have much more effect upon
this House than anything I can say. I have read •
with great care the speech which he made some
days since upon this subject, and I hope every
gentleman in the House has read it, for to my
mind it is very conclusive upon the matter under
discussion. The views therein set forth are, in
my judgment, not only correct and sound, but are
just'and wise, and worthy the careful considera-'
fion of all who would look at this subject dispas-
sionately. Tomy minditis the most exhaustive
treatment that has been given to any subject that
has comcbefore the House this session. And in
this respect I cannot forbear saying that it pre-
sents a very wide contrast to the remarks, which
have been made by other gentlemen upon this
question, which, I say in no oflensive sense, have
savored more of prejudice than of statesmanship.
Now, sir, this treaty was promulgated by the
President ofthe United States on the 11th day of
September, 1854, and we ought all to know some-
thing about us bearings and history. What are
the propositions now befoie the House? One
proposition, advoraied by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] is to give notice to the
British Government that we propose to abrogate
this treaty entirely; that we piopose to shutdown
the gate at once; that we propose to say to them,
" Hands off; we can take case of ourselves with
out your aid; we wish no further commercial
relations with you; get behind me, Satan.*'
Now, I am not&ware whether that view is en-
tertained by many members in this House or not.
It does seem to me that the proposition of „the
