1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
spoke of; and that is a matter that would take
many yours, and would not answer our first pur-
pose at all; but that would be the only correct
mode.
As to the testimony that has b^en read, there
is something very peculiar about the testimony of
Mr. Lawrence. He is an inhabitant of Charles-
town. lie says in the first place that he wanted to
sell this land to the Government, but the Govern-
ment would not buy it of him; and finding the
Government would not buy it he sold it to these
men. * In the same atfidayit he tells us that it will
not do to sell it to the Govei nment because it will
injure Charlestown so much. After trying hard,
according to his own statement, to sell n to the
Government, and finding lie could not, fie sells it
to those men, and then ho turns around and says
it will not do to still this land to the Government;
it will be a great injury to Charlestown. It seems
that his love of his city did not interfere with his
love of pelf 80 far as the original sale was con-
cerned.
IVJy friend from New Hampshiie has read the
testimony of iVl r. Han scorn, the naval constructor.
Why did they not take the testimony of the en-
gineer of the yard? Mr. Hanscom may be a very
good naval constructor; lie may know all about
building ships; but about the expense of making
this alteration, and about the necessity of it, it
would seem that the testimony of the engineer of
the yard was the proper testimony to be taken;
but that is avoided. They took the testimony of
three or four master workmen, four of whom arc
aldermen of the city of Charlestown, and the testi-
mony of tlit' naval constructor, who did not know
anything about this par tioular business, and omit-
ted taking the testimony of the engineer, and, 1 am
told, omitted to do so when they knew his testi-
mony would be unfavorable in regard to it, and
the testimony of the commandant of the yard.
The commandant was Admiral Stnngham, who
has been urging it very strongly as a matter that
was necessary for the wants of the Government.
I have no faith in these statements—I do not dis-
pute the integrity of the men—and in the kind of
testimony that has been got up heie.
They have got the testimony of a considerable
number of Charlestown men, the aldermen,&c.,
and I am told that tiie opinion of a very large por-
tion of the people of Charlestown is that it is a
matter of no great consequence to them. Why,
sir, Charlestown lives hy the naVy-yaid. What
would become of it if it were not for the gieat
expenditure of money there on that spot? Charles-
town is nothing without the navy-yard in any
shape ot foi m;#and for a city uf that limited area
to cornc in and object to proper facilities being
afforded for a public work by which they Iiv#*,
and upon which they live, and winch makes them
all they are substantially would seem to be a little
singular.
My fiicnd has talked about going to the other
end of the yard and improving there. The mayor
of the city, who has been here. Mr. Stone, is a
man who is deeply interested in filling up inndat
the other end of the yard, which, as I am told,
he does not pretend to deny that at soni** time he
would like to sell to the Government, where it is
now shallow water, at the mouth of the Mystic,
and I am told, instead of doing good, very much
injuring the water front in consequence of the
changes he made. But of that I know nothing.
I cannot speak of my own knowledge but only
from hearsay.
With regard to this matter I feel just exactly
as the Navy Department feels orprofesses to feel,
and i have no doubt does feel, and that is this:
we do not any of us want to expend money un-
necessarily. I believe I am as much aveise as
my honorable friend from New Hampshire to
expending money for any purpose where it can
be avoided; but it is miserable economy not to
buy where the Government is absolutely in need
of having a place. I am disposed lather to trust
to the testimony of such a man as the admiral
in command of the yard, of the engineer, of the i
officers there, of the chief of the Buieau of Yards
and Docks, of the Secretary of the Navy, of the
two Representatives from the city of Boston, and
of the Hous.e Naval Committee who have been
upon the ground and examined it, and recom-
mended it after seeing it, than to those affidavits
that are got up by interested parties giving their
.opinions of whotoughtto be done and what might \\
bo done. I have not the slightest feeling in the
world as to whether this succeeds or fails. I
would not turn my hand over on that considera-
tion niuiely to settle it one way or the other", but
the Committee on Finance, after heating both
sides, having had Admiral Smith before them,
having had the commandant of the yard before
them, having had Mr. Stone before them, and
the papers and documents and plans, and look-
ing at the question carefully, after hearing- both
sides, came to the conclusion all but unanimous
(I think the vote stood 5 to 2, if 1 am at liberty
to speak of that) that it was advisable for the
interest of the Government, whether this was a
high piice or not, to purchase this piece of water
front. His the bestin the harbor. It givessym-
metry to the yard itselfwhich now wants if very
much; it furnishes what we want in the way of
deep water, gives us facilities for which we have
immediate and pressing necessity, and settles all
the troubles we have had there before. If, how-
ever, on the mete ground that the price is more
than ought to be given for it, and that the men
who piopose to sell it will be making money out
of it, the Senate think it advisable to reject the
opportunity that is offered them, I shall be per-
fectly content if that is their decision.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to mo that I ought
not to let this question pass without saying a
word about it, especially as the Senator from
Maine has referred to the opinions of the two
Senators fiom Massachusetts, and also the two
Representatives from Boston in the other Rouse.
I confess my embarrassment about this question.
I do not think the duty of the Senate in regard
to it is char either way,Vnd I was very much
struck with the inquiry oftheSenatoi from Ken-
tucky. It seems to me that perhaps that inquiry
points to the very course which we ought to take.
My embarrassmentis precisely this: howshnll
we here undertake to determine the value of this
property m the face of the positive difference of
testimony on the subject? Are we enough of a
court seriously, enough at leisure little enough
piuuccupicd, to undertake to hold the series and
determine the value of this property? If there
was no conflict of testimony, of course the way
would be easy ; but the difficulty heie is that there
is a very serious conflict of testimony. I have
had in my diawer—1 shall not read them—these
depositions, [exhibitinga bundle.] I do not know
how many there ate, but there is a large number
of them, all relating to thissubject, and all going
to show very strongly that this sum should not
be paid. I have had an abstract of these depo-
sitions made, showing the following results:
The facts established by the affidavits are, first,
exoibitant price. The puce asked is $130,000.
The lenstvainabh; of the two wharves was bought
by the piesent proprietors last September for
$49,000, which would make the value of the two
wharves $98,000. But only one half in value is
to be sold, making the price asked $130,000; the
price paid by the pres( nt owners is §U),000. The
assessors state the value at $84,000, which would
make the value of the patt proposed to be soid
§32,000, as against ^130,000 asked. Other esti-
mates place the \alue of the part to be sold at
$55,000 to $65,000. According to huildeis' es-
timates, the part proposed to be sold, seventy-
eight thousand feet, would cost at present prices,
if built in the best way, $1 00 to $1 50 per foot,
that is, £78,000 to $117,000, but the wharf needs
heavy repairs; one builder says it will need to be
rebuilt at an expense greater than the building of
a new wharf.
Second, there are at least equally good facili-
ties in the yard itself. A large part of the water
frontage in the yard on the Charles and Mystic
is unoccupied. Three wharves at least might be
built, with positive benefit to the yard. For the
proposed purchase money, or less, better whaif
facilities now might be had in the yard.
Third, the need of the wharf proposed to be
purchased for the purposes of trade and taxation.
Government holds from two thirds to three four ths
of the water frontage below the bridges, and this
purchase would injure the city's trade. The city
has only six hundred acres of land, and as tire
taxes come principally upon that, the withdiawal
of any real estate is deprecated.
That is an abstract of these affidavits; but on
the other side are the statements which the Sen-
ator from Maine has presented from the Navy
Department, from officers there familiar with.th^
subject,and I may say also that I have had aeon-'
versmiun with the owner of this hind. He did
me the kindness to call on me, and after a con-
versation with him 1 confess that I was strongly
impressed at the time by the advantage of the
proposed purchase to the Government. But then
when I recurred to these affidavits, coming all of
them from well-known peisons in the neighbor-
hood, I again said to myself, "Am I so circum-
stanced here that I can decide this question of
valuer" and it evidently has become a question in
which theie is a great deal of local feeling.
In regard to the character of the parties who
have testified, the Senatorfrom Maine has referred
to them, and particularly referred to the mayor of
the town and some supposed bias that he might
be under. I have a letter in my hand that I have
received from a very valued friend, not a specu-
lator, resident all his life in Chailestown,of per~
feet integrity. I will read some of the passages
from it. Writing to me under date of April 2,
he says as follows:
"The mayor of our city lias shown mesome depositions
of several persons relative to the purchase of wharf prop--
erty adjoining the navy-yard hy the Government. I have
no personal knowledge relative to tire necessities of the
Government tor the use of tire property in question. If
they need if, of couise they ought lo purchase it if they
eau do so at a fair pi ice. If they cannot so purchase they
ought to take it by virtue of eminent domain, and pay its
appraised value according to law. My object in tyritingto
yon about the matter is to give you the benefit of what
knowledge I have, in the hope that it may he of service to
you win n the question conies hetoro the Senate.
" I know personally very well most of the gentlemen
who-e depositions I refer to, (copies of which I understand
you have seen,) and I kitow them all hy reputation. They
are men of huge property and character. They are in a
pofttuon in society such as remove* them entirety Irom the
suspicion of being nnpropeily influenced in this matter.
Then huge experience as property-holders and their well-
known sound practical judgment tn business matter^ will
not be questioned anywhere under circumstances admit-
ting of a cross-examination ot the questioner. The depo-
sition* of these men are absolutely conclusive as to the value
of ihe properu ru question,and they would so stand before
any tribunal in tire woild fit to decide upon the question.
This being so, the proposed tiausaetrorr bears upon us face
the mai ks of a .speculation by which the Treasury is to bo
robbed of some seventy-five thousand dollars. With such
a muu as tins as Hie stake, it is easy to see that the parties
in interest can well afford to pay considerable turns to de-
ceive and belog the officers of tiie Government, iiut with
the above-named depositions as a part of the record of the
ease, the Admini-tuition which makes such a purchase as
i«. proposed would he utterly without defence in relation to
it, if its opponents should ehoo e to use it against them be-
fore the people.
u ff the Government really need the wharves, it will be
far better for them to take what they want and have its
value appiai-ed. But as to the necessities or convenience
of having the piopcity at all, it seems to im* the depobitious
are pretty conclusive against the proposition."
It will be seen, therefore, that this writer in ad-
vance comes to the very conclusion of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, that the Government had
better have it appraised and pay for it according
to the judgment of a jury. Now I come to the
mayor of Charlestown, in regard to whom the
Senator from Maine made a suggestion. My cor-
respondent goes on to say:
uBnt the point which I more especially desire to call
your attention to, and which has induced mo to wuto to
you about this matter, is the attempt to belog the case by
attributing motive* ot uval interest to Mayor iStone in his
opposition to this puich.isc b\ tne Government. It ia said
that he is interested in land* on the M^tic iiv*r, on the
other side of the navy-yard, which he is desirous to sell to
the Government, instead of having n buy the proposed
wharves, i happen to he in a position to know the designs
and prospect^ ol the owneis ot the lands on Mjstic river
jef'etred to. They are owned by the M}-Ue River Corpo-
ration, w Inch compuses ail the npai tan ownei'-ini the shore
of My-fic river bei ween Maiden ami Chelsea br idges. The
same parties, besides their corporate propetty in the flats*
own huge estates adjoining in their several pi i\ate cap un-
ties. Therefore it is that the character of the use to which
the corporate flats shall be devoted is of much more con-
sequence to them than the ptice lor which the corporate
Hat's shall he sold. They have a most impoiiaiU plan for
the improvement of this property which has been prose-
cuted by them for years with great peisistcuce, and which
1 can, Irom my pceuiiat point of view, see is about to ba
accomplished. The consummation of this great plan would
be completely defeated by a sale of a portion of the corpo-
rate larui-> to the Government. I know, therefore,that they
do not want to sell lo the Govern merit, and that they would
he very unwi ,n to do so at any price. On the contrary, it
would be nianue>iry tor the interest ot the owneis of the
u2ystie r iver property to have the Government buy the other
wharves, and tirus take wharf property out of the way of
competing with them for business purposes."
This is what this writer says in regard to the
mayor of Charlestown. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the writer s
n&rne? , , ,
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator can have the let-
