THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PHOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, I). C *'•
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1864.
New Series NoT3J. '
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider this resolution at the present
time.
Mr. WILSON. Let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over under the rule.
TREATY, WITH SANDWICH ISLANDS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was consideied by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Prudent of the United States, be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interests, to
communicate to the Scu;ue any recent correspondence at
the Department of State i elating to a proposed leeiprocity
tieaty between the United States and the Sandwich Islands.
SALE OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HOWE submitted thefollowingresolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Reiolvcd, TUat the Committee on the Library be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary or the fnrenor to sell, at public auction, ail books
and document? in Ins custody and control, as reported to
the Senate on the 25tii ultimo; and to report by bill or oth-
erwise.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. President, there are two
vacancies upon the Committee on Private Land
Claims, one created by the resignation of Mr.
Bayard, and the other by the declension of ser-
vice of Mr. McDougall. I move that the Vice
Piesident appoint Senators to fill those vacancies.
The motion was agreed to, there being no ob-
jection.
Subsequently the Vice President announced the
appointment of Mr. Riddle and Mr. Harding
on the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
Mr. Johnson on (he Committee on the Judiciary
in the place of Mr. Bayard.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. If there is no further morning
business, I move now to take up the joint resolu-
tion to equalize the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (S. No. 23) to equalize the pay; of soldiers
in the United States Army was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FESSENDEiV As these soldiers enlist-
ed to serve for a given sum, I wish simply to in-
quire what propriety there is in our going back
and paying them this increaseforscrvicesalready
rendered. So far as putting theso men on the
same footing with other soldiers is concerned, I
have always been m favor of if, and shall favor it
now; but I think we ought to be a little careful
in our expendituies. We must not consider that
the Treasui y can meet everything. If theie is
any particular reason for going back and paying
them this increase for the time they have been in
the service I should like to hear it.
Mr. WILSON. I think as an act of justice
that this bill should be retrospective; in fact I
have no doubt about it. Many of these men
were assured when they enteied the service they
would receive the same compensation as other
soldiers. The first colored regiment in the coun-
try was raised in South Carolina under an ex-
ptess ordei that they should have the same pay
as other troops, and the first pay thfy received
was the same pay; butsince that time it has been
changed.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to in-
quire how it has been changed; whether by act
of Congress or by order of the Department.?
Mr. WILSON. 13y order of the Depui tment,
in the case of the first South Carolina regiment.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; by act of Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Congress fixed the pay
at ten dollais per month.
Mr. WILSON. The change in the case of the
South Carolina regiment to which I have referred
was made by order of the Department.
The Secretary of War authorized the Governor
of Massachusetts to raise regiments of colored
31
troops. The Governor understood and made the
pledge that they were to receive the same pay and
stand on the same footing with other troops. He
might have erred in his construction, but some
of the best lawyers in the country contend that
when you put a colored soldier in the Army of
the United States he is entitled to the same com-
pensation as a white soldier. They think the dis-
tinction in the act of 3862 applies to men working
for the Government, not soldiers.
Now, sir, the gross injustice thathas been done
by the country toward these men I think ought
to be corrected. I have letters on this subject
from several colonels in the field, Colonel Hallo-
well, of the Massachusetts fifty-fourth; Colonel
Hartvell, of the Massachusetts fifty-fifth; and
Colonel Tilghman, of one of the United States
colored regiments. Colonel Tilghman says that
some of the men in his regiment enlisted with the
expectation and understanding that they were to
have the same compensation as other troops. The
raising of the Massachusetts fifty-fourth was
commenced on the 10th day of last February, and
it went into the service on the 28th day of May.
They have never received a dollar, and will not re-
ceive a dollar, because they were promised the
same compensation as other tioops, and they de-
mand it as a right. The Legislature of the State
has authorized them to be paid by the State, and
they have declined to take pay from the State.
They say they were promised to be put on the
same footing with other troops; that they were
enlisted under the act of 18G1, and they do not
choose to take it from the State. I have a letrer
from Colonel Liulefield, and I will read it for the
information of the Senate:
January 25, 1864.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit the following facts and
suggestions in telation to the coloied Hoops that have been
engaged in the opeiatiotw ajramst the defense* of Chailes-
lon Jiaibor during Die past Milliliter, agieeable to vour re-
quest. This facts hete stated aio such a« came under my
own ob^eivation,oi have been i cpotted officially b} the col-
onels who have been in command of them,and the sugges-
tions an: the result of neail)' one )car's expmenec as an
officer among Them.
The colored tioops have been severely tested :
]. As fatigue men perloimnis hazardousduhes under the
concentrated fne of the enemy's badene.--.
2. A -i.ldieis in action before the cnernv and performing
the gcneial duties of the camp and gam-on
1. When the operation-, began betoio Chatlesfon harbor,
and when it was determined to appioaeh Fott YVagnet by
aiegul.u Hegeaftri tlx- repulse ot .inlv 36. and to demoh-.li
Foi! Sumter over the heads of the garrison of Foils Wagnei
and re-fii, dace tions wese ai\'( n by the nmjoi geneial com-
manding to caret ally recoid f'toin time to Time, as they were
developed. such fact-, and statistics as would enable us to
realize tlx maximum amount of pi act leal and expei i mental
know[edue to be dei i\ed fiom the novel operations about to
be manipulated.
To lhe ofliceis ehaiged with woiking the coloied troops
the follou nig (jue-tion- wen; a-k"d when the work began,
to be atisweted when the woik wa> completed :
1. Coinage as indicated by then behavior undet fire.
-2. Skill and appt ceintion of then duties, lefeiring to lhe
quality ot thewoik perloimed
3. industiy and peiseveianee, with reference to the quan-
tity <>t work peilbimed.
4. It a ceitam woik were to be accomplished in rheleast
possible tune, i. c., when enthusiasm and dneet personal
! inteie.st is ncee>-tiry to attain the end, would whit-'s or
i blacks answei best.'
i f>. What i-the difference, con idermg the above point*,
[ between colored tioops ieei mU d fiom liee States and those
| fiom slave Stale-?
j To these questions six leplieswere received,as follows:
| 1. That the blacks were nrnse tnnoioti- than the whites,
1 but they were more obedient, hence more completely un-
der the'contiol ot tlieir eommandci and influenced by his
; c \cimpl«'.
2 The statements do unanimously agree that the black
■ will do a snea'ci amount of work than the white soldiet,
1 because he labors mou; constantly. In this trial the men
i were without their arms or aecouteiments, and uoiked
; continually for about four months with little or no re^t;
such weie the exigencies of the setvice. About three
i foui ths of this work w as executed during the night tune, and
at leapt nine tenths ot it under fiie ot aittilery or shaip-
' shooters ot both. The amount of this work periotmed by
■ the black compared with the white infantry was as
! six to foity-one. The white soldiers having bad more ox-
!! nerience, thev were used for eiand guard in the trencher
i. There was a" great scaieitv of officers with the eolotert
! troops, which rendered it necessity to send huge details
* under one officer, frequently two bundled men with but a
i lieutenant to command them; he had to match through the
I camps to the place ot opetatlon, givmgtliem agood chance
El to shirk, a crime not frequent among them piovided they
II were under officers whom they respected. Thus it will be
seen that much depends upon their obedience to the wiFl
of their commanders.
3. The siege has been conducted through the hottest
and most sickly part of the season, commencing in July
and terminating in November. During this period the
average amount of sickness was, with the black infantry,
thirteen and nine tenths per cent., while with the white
infantry it was twenty and one tenth per cent. I have
found little or no difference as to sickness between the
blacks recruited in tiie Noith and those recruited in the
South. The command was a mixed one, composed of the
fifty-fourth and fifty-fifth Massachusetts coloied volunteers,
the third United States colored volunteers, and the soldiers
recruited from the treed slaves of North and South Caro-
lina and Florida. My expetience with both classes will
not warrant the conclusion that those from the North are
supciioi to those fiom the South. The efficiency of each
depends upon the officers placed over them.
4. These men as soldiers have been as severely tried as
they were for fatigue men. On the 6th of July the enemy
made a vigoious attack upon that portion of our line held
by the fifty-fourth Massachusetts and the second South
Carolina volunteei s, under command of Colonel Montgom-
ery. These men received and repelled the attack with as
much coolness and biavery as veteran troops. They entered v
into the engagement with enthusiasm rarely equaled and
never excelled.
5. On the 18th of July the assaulting column on Fort Wag-
ner was led by the fifty-fourth Massachusetts, and their
decimated ranks, and the number of the dead picked up in
the ditch, on the parapet, and in the fort,speak plajnerthan
woids of their biavery in that sanguinaiy conflict.
6. In the camp they peiform then duties with alacrity and
good faith. They are i eadily brought to the highest state of
militaty discipline, and no white soldier can excel them in
drill or piofieieney. They ask no questions, but seem to
obey so as to reflect the will of their commander.
The experiment whether the American negio would
make a soldier has received a practical and s.atitfactoiy so-
lution; the ptolilem has been solved undercncumstancoe
not at all advantageous to the colored man. They have
been made constantly to feci that they weie regarded by the
country as far inferior to other soldiers by not receivingfhe
same benefits for the same duties performed. I have a few
facts to submit showing the great injustice of the present
law regulating then pay. The fifty-fourth Massachusetts
volunteers enteied the field on the 28th day of May last
with lull ranks. Tins regiment has lost, killed in battle or
died of disease, fifty-tune, and every one o(these men died
actually in dcht to the Govern incut, having received no pay
and then tamtlics teeoivjiig no pensioner bounty. There
have been wounded in this legimeniorie hundred and fifty-
five; a gieat proportion have been dt^ebaiged withnopay;
eveiy man who fell in the engagement on James island, July
G, and the assault on Fort Wagner, July 18, were in debt
to thcGovcrnmcnt lot their clothing; they died having le-
ceivedno pay.
The first North Carolina enlisted also on the understand-
ing that they weie to have I be same pay as white soldiers.
They have been seven month* in the service, and the aver-
age amount charged to each man lor clothing is fifty-one
dollais, leaving nineteen dollars due to each for the whole
teim of his enlistment—less than three dollais a month;
and theie ate duo and unpaid to the legnnent about thirty
thousand dollais lot woik done in the quarteimaster's de-
paitincnl in Noith Carolina before they eniisted.
The thud United Stales colored volunteer has lost nine
men killed in battle, each one ot whom is chatged with
Unity dollars' wotthof clothing and eteditedwith halt that
amount ,is pay. Each dies iti debt to the Government, leav-
ing no bounty or pension, or ptovision of any kind for his
family. Ol the eighteen men who died fior® disease, the
same is true; and the clothing issued to those living has ab-
sorbed mote than four fifths ot their pay.
The fiitv-fiftii Massachusetts has been in service since
June, 1863". The average amount of elofhmgcbaigedtoeach
man is fifty-thiee dollars, and there remained due to each
for seven months' service seventeen dollars. And in every
ie<nmentot colored tioops now in the United States ser-
vice, whethei tawed Not tit or South, substantially the same
Hate of fart-- c.M-t-. The ofhceiswbo have been in charge
of the colored tioops have promised that the Government
would pay them the «,ame as othet troop?, and these promises
weie made undei the sanction of the Government. Andit
vunie action be not immediately taken to increase their pay,
gte.it difficulty will be created among the colored troops
first organized.
1 liavo the honor to bo, sir, vary respectfully, your most
obedient ^oivaut, M. S. LITTLEFIELD,
Colonel Commanding Colored Troops, Folly Island.
Hon. IIen'ry VVusoi,
Chan man of the Military Committee, United States Senate.
Colonel Littlefield in this letter states the case
of these colored regiments clearly, and all must
admit their condition to lie hard indeed. He is
for giving colored soldiers the same pay and
making the act retrospective. General Gillmore
recommends the same action, and I trust the Sen-
ate will do justice to bravo men who are doing their
duty to the country. We can right the errors
of the past, and 1 hope we shall do it promptly.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Mr. President, I did not
hear an additional reason suggested by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts for this legislation which
has been called to my attention. 1 know it ia not
