1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3479
take the leap and save the Republic? I look with
great earnestness to the other stile of the House,
where, it they are to be believed, all the pa-
triotism, loyalty, and love of the eountt y is con-
centrated. Willi a whole platoon of^enoraU, is
thru- no one among them who will make the
sacnfiee, or have they left the army for the army
good, in order to do the State some service, be-
lieving this a better sphere to serve theircountry
than in its battle-fields? I appeal to all and each
of the military gentlemen; to those on theCom-
mittec on Miliu-i y Affairs who have seen service,
and hard service, particularly, to be up and doing.
Giid on your armor and make your selection. I
have not the slightest doubt any o tie of you would
make the saciifice checrfully, but I am equally
aware of the power and influence of rank m the
eeivtce. The duty properly belongs to your
chairman; a more proper selection could not be
made; young, aident,couragous, loyal as he has
given us to understand on this side oftheHouse,
when questioning our loyalty; willing to sacufice
everything drai to him to put down thi* " cursed
rebellion." Why should not he, doling his ci-
vilian's dress and donning his regimentals, as
mnj or general of volunteers, mount his war-horse,
and take the leap? Should he do so. us I trust
he will, his name will go down to future genera-
tions, to geneiations yet unborn, as the saviour
of his countt y, and some future Livy, in making
a note of it, will record the fact that Major Gen-
eral Schenck, ofOhio, like a second Marcus Cur-
tius, saved the Republic.
Sir, it is not reconstruction but restoration that
the people demand. It is the old family house-
hold, the foundations of which our fathers helped
to lay, and whose structure they helped to em-
bellish. It is that noble old mansion, now some-
what dilapidated by years, and injuted somewhat
by the action of their children, who,grown reck-
less and dissipated by their prosperity, have
broken its walls and defaced the building; but there
is enough left to restoie it to its pristine strength
and beauty. Let it be done. Every column re-
stored, every stone relaid as our fathers placed
them, firm and sohd and lasting as the pyramids
of Egypt; a domicile for our children and chil-
dren's children as long astimeshall endure. We
want the inheritances bequeathed to us by Wash-
ington and Jefferson, by John Hancock and the
elder Adams, and their compatriots North and
South. " Not conquered provinces," desolated
empires, States broken down, their boundaues
eradicated, deserts more waste than Sahara; but
flourishing cities, thriving villages, cultivated
fields, churches, colleges, schools, as they flour-
ished and abounded before this internecine war
commenced. Give us, I say, restoration, the res-
toration of the " Union as it was, the Constitu-
tion as it is." Not States dismantled, disjointed,
broken up, but a " union of hearts and a union
of hands" from the Bay of Fundy to the Gulf of
Mexico, from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Sn,
all history teaches us in lessons of blood that in
republics, unless such a union exists despotism
is'the natural and legitimate result. How has it
been in compaiatively modem times? Read the
history of the Commonwealth under Cromwell
in England. Who was his successor? Charles
II, the weakest prince that ever occupied the Eng-
lish throne. Look atFrance, broken into factions
during the Revolution, she yielded without a
struggle to Napoleon I and his guards. Where
in Europe is there a single republic but Switzer-
land and "San Marino?"
How was it in the Old World ? Rome, repub-
lican Rome, bowed to the mandatesof Cscsarand
his cohorts,and, like a " close corporation,"sur-
rendered her rights to the conqueror. Greece,
4< the land of scholarsand the nuise of aims," the
fairest and most glorious repubiicof ancient times,
"for more than two thousand y^ais despotism
has bound her with its chains. Her aits are no
more, her temples destroyed, the Pantheon a
wreck, her palaces in luins, At Thermopylas
she defied the Persian cohorts, and at Marathon
was victorious. The tide of her triumph rolled
back on the Hellespont. Factions betrayed her,
and her min was the work of the descendants of
Pericles and Leomdas, in whose veins flowed the
blood of the conquerors at Marathon." May
we not profit from her history ?
Sir, itis sometimes a momeutous question in
the political as well as in the natural world,
{< whether the mountain which oppresses the vol-
cano is wrong or the volcano which upheaves it?"
Sir, consistently, continually, and from the
commencement of our difficulties, have i held to
one doctrine. 1 have said, Cany on this war for
the "Union and the Constitution, and the •en-
forcement of the laws," as proposed by the Pres-
ident in the messages referred to, and in the almost
unanimous vote of this House in the adoption of
the Ciittenden icsolution in July, 1861, and lam
with you to the end. Violate no right, State or
individual; adhere to all the compromises of our
fathers—we could not have formed the Constitu-
tion without them. They pledged their honor
as well as ours to abide by them. Shall we, their
descendants, be so faithless as to break that
pledge? Shall we violate that bond? Shall we be
recreant to every principle of honor and duty,
and because we have the power set aside those
rights as sacred tis ours and held by the same
tenure? Is might to make right? Is the war
power to override all guarantees? Are we because
we have the numerical strength to abjure all prin-
ciples of honor and justice in dealing with those
opposed to us, " bone of our bone, flesh of our
flesh," those who should be united to us by every
tie that can bind man to his lellow-man ? God
fotbid it. Let us, even as conquerors, deal with
them in good faith. You will never restore them
to the Union unless you do. I appeal not to the
fanatics, not to the abolitionists, not to the " one
idea" men, not to the "Jellabys" m breeches,
who prefer taking care of the pickaninnies at Bo-
noboolagah to their own household, but to those
conservative men here andelsewhere who,thank
God, are daily increasing in power and influence;
to those who still believe the Union, " temper-
ing metcy with justice" even now, may bo re-
stored, the Constitution preserved, and the flag
of our country, the stars and sti ipes which have
so long been borne aloft in the " battle and the
breeze," upon more than one victorious fleld,
may again, whether in peace nr war, be the only
emblem of our nationality from one end of this
coniinent to the other; embracing every State
and every inch of territory withm ourbroad do-
mam. Sir, to bring about this result I will still
act with the conservative men of thij House and
elsewheie, as 1 have hithei to done; with those
who are for maintaining inviolate the pledges
made by oui fatheis; with those who wish tosee
our gluuuus Union restored to its pristine sim-
plicity and beauty; with those who are for pre-
set vmg the Constitution as our fathers made it.
With such a party I will act, act diligently and
faithfully, aiding,assisting, and suppoiting them
as Aaron and Ilur did with the patriarch of old,
" even to the going down of the sun."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee here informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a me.ssMge
from the Senate was received by Mr. Hickey,
their Chief Clerk, informing the House that the
Senate have agreed to the reports of the commit-
tees of conference on bills of ihe following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 483) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a uulioad and telegraph
line from Lake Superior to Puget .sound, on the
Pacific coast, by the noithern route*.
An act (LI. 11. No. 438) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to assist in the construction of a
raiUoad and telegraph lin* from the Red river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1, 1862; and
An set (S. No. 138) to regulate proceedings in
cases between landlords and tenants in the Dis-
t  ict of Columbia.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amendment,
disagreed to by the House, to bill of the House
No. 549, further to regulate and provide for the
enrolling and calling out the national forces, and
for other purposes, agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses to the said hill, and have appointed
Mr. Wilson, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Lane of
Indiana, the said committee on their part.
Also, that the Senate insist on their disagree-
ment to the amendment of the llouse to the bill
of the Senate (No. 24B) for the relief of seamen
and others, not officers, borne mi the books of
vessels wrecked or lost in the naval service, agree
to the conference asked by the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
have appointed Mr. Hale, Mr. Henderson, and
Mr. Ramsey, the committee on their part.
Also, that the Senate insist on their amend-
ments, disagreed to by the House, to the bill of the
House (No. 511) to provide for the more speedy
punishment of guerrillas, and for other purposes,
agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votesof the two Houses thereon,
and have appointed Mr. Trumbull, Mr. Lane
of Indiana, and Mr. Van Winkle, thecommittee
on their part.
Also,'that the Senate have passed bill of the
House No. 569, for the relief of John Williams,
without amendment.
Also, that the Senate have passed an act (H. II.
No. 460) for the reliefofSarah Robinson, widow
of Hon. John L. Robinson, late United States
marshal for the district of Indiana, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles, in which he was directed to ask
the concuirence of the House:
An act (No. 328) for the relief of Major N. S.
Brenton, a paymasterin the United States Aimy;
An act (No. 320) for the relief of William H.
Jameson, a paymaster in the United States Army;
An act (No. Q74) for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg; and
An act (No. 338) for the relief of Charles A.
Pitcher.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee on-En-
rolled Rills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and joint
resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the s ame:
An act (S. No. 271) iclating to the law of evi-
dence in the District of Columbia;
An act (8. No. 315) in relation to the sale of
reservation^ of the public lands;
An act (S. No. 335) to repeal the act of the 17th
June, 1864, prohibiting the sales of gold and for-
eign exchange;
An act (S." No. 154) to provide for the better
organization of the quartermaster's department;
An act (fci. No. 228) providing for satisfying
claims for bounty lands, and for other purposes;
Joint resolution (S. No. 07) foi the relief of
Thomas J. Galbiauh; and
Joint, resolution (S. No. 74) requesting the Pres-
ident to appoint a day for national fasting and
prayer.
NORTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mi. STEVENS submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houm1? on the amendment*, to the bill (H. it. No.
4fti) li ^ninliuu' lands to aid in the eon-irui tion of ;i uul-
ro.ul and telegi.iph line fomi Lake Snt>ciior to Puget
voumi, on the Pacific coast, hy the northern io,u<\" hav-
ing met. aitei lull-and free confeienee have apr'-ed to rec-
ommend and do recommend to their respective iloi^e- as
follows:
TJut the Hoti*e recede fiom their dwigt cement to the fol-
lowing amendment* and asriee to flit* same: 1, 2. J, 1. o. 6,
7, 8, 0, 10. 11, 12, 1 1, If). 17, J8. 39. 20, 21, 22, and '>3.
Thai the S<-iuierecede fioiu theiramcudment numbered
twenty-four.
That tiie llnu«e leeede from their disagreement to tho
thirteenth amendment of the Senate, andajiiee tothes.nne
with an amendment as follows: in^cit in lieu of &aid Sen-
ate amendment:
"fronted further, That all mineral lands be, and the
panic are heteby, excluded liom tin* epilations ot this act,
and in lieu thcicof a like quantity of unoccupied and un-
appropriated agricultural Innd^ in odd-numbered sections
neare-t to the lino of said road, and within fnty antes
thereof, may be selected as above piovtded."
Tli.it the House recede ftotn their disagreement to the
sixfenth amendment of the Senat". and agree to tho same
with an amendment a* follow*.: sti iKe out the word* *4 the
suiDiniJ of the Rocky mountains," m the seventh and eiglitli
lines of fc.;ud amendment, and*m-eit; in lieu thureot, >* tho
western boundary of Minnesota."
J R. DOOT.ITTLE,
IRA H ♦ItRlfiJ,
j. W. NErSMlTJL
Maiia<"*i t on the pai t of the Scathe.
~ TIIADDEUS sfTJGVEXS,
L. 1). -U. SWEAT,
Mcniffgas on the pari oj the Mouse.
The report was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
Uy which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the U*.blc.
The hitter hmtinu was agreed to,
