1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
ter, but I do not wish it to go into the discussion
with the name, as it is written to me as a private
letter.
Mr. ^ESSENDEN. What is the writer's oc-
cupation?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine in-
quires as to the occupation of my correspondent.
1 cannot precisely answer that question now, but
I can say that he has been repeatedly a member of
the Legislature from Charlestown,a man of saga-
city and tried integrity, and great familiarity nat-
urally with the home of his youth and of his life
in a  mall place, as Charlestown is. I call atten-
tion now particularly to his very positive state-
ment that the mayor of Charlestown who has been
brought into this question can'be under no per-
sonal influence to testify against the purchase of
this wharf property. My correspondent concludes
asfollows:
"This matter is felt by citizens of Charlestown who have
no special interest in tiio piofns of a speculation, to be a
pretty impoitaut one. J iiave no doubt it will receive your
caiciul consideration."
Under the circumstances, considering the sum
involved, considering the diversity of opinion on
the question especially of value, considering also
the local feeling which seems to have been started
in the matter, I must say that I have my doubts
about the expediency of the Government under-
taking to make the purchase in the way proposed.
1 therefore think that it would be better for the
Senator frotn Maine, the chairman of the Finance
Committee, to introduce a proposition authorizing
the Government to take this ltuid by virtue of its
eminent domain at the value which shall he as-
sessed by a jury. Let it be done in that way, and
then the* various protestants against the pro-
posed purchase will have no ground of complaint.
Mr.CONFESS. The last sentence spoken by
the Senator from Massachusetts proves how fan-
lie is on this subject. It shows that he, at least,
has*no motive at variance with the possession of
the property spoken of by the Government, be-
cause he announces himself as ready and willing
and recommends the introduction of a nieasme
for the condemnation of this property to public
use. In my opinion, if his coriespondent weie
equally fair with the Senator he would not have
written the letter that he has written.
The Senator has said, and we have experienced
the fact in and out of the Finance Committee of
this body, that theie has been a great deal of feel-
ing gotten up on this subject relating to the pur-
chase of tins property, 'it is a matter, perhaps,
of interesting inquiry to know why there has been
so much feeling at the city of Charlestown as to
a mutter involving the purchase of $130,000 worth
of property by the Government at that place. 1
do not understand, nor do i wish to place the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts in the position of making
a contest against this purchase, lie has sail!
what he has said more in the way of suggestion
probably,but I ask the Senator from Massachu-
setts whether there is another city in the Union,
ill his opinion, whei e the Government would pio-
pose to purchase §130,000 of wharf pi open y,
water front, that it might be added to a navy-
ytird located there, where the people would have
troubled themselves so much, busied themselves |
eo much, interested themselves so deeply to pre- |
vent, the "plundei" of the Government as his
coiiespomlent s,\ys ? Is there another city in the ;
union to at would Imve developed the same amount !
ot public feeling to prevent the plunder of the i
Government that lias been developed in the pure j
and immaculate city of Charlestown?
Rlr. SUMJN ER. This is under the shadow of |
'junker Irilj, 1 would remind the Senator. I
Mi. CGNNIl^S. It is a great pity, taking the ;
Seuatoi's explanation, that Bunker Hill is not so !
high that it should cast a shadow over the entire i
land. Oh, what a country we should have if all j
were as pure as the people of the city of Charles-
town ! :
Mr. President, it is not my business to enter '!
into a defense of this purchase, i am an humble
member of the Committee on Finance; and the l'
explanations connected with the views reported l!
by that committee here come properly and lent- 'i
imatejy from its distinguished chairman, where !■
we gcnetally leave it; but with others I sat with |l
that gentleman patiently, day after day, consider-
ing every objection that has been made, includ- ;|
ing those stated by tiie Senator from Massachu- ji
setts and those stated in the memorandum that
I have taken from his desk; and we ariived at
the conclusion that the property was needed by
the Government if the yard should continue at
Charlestown, and that as a consequence the Gov-
ernment could not do better than to buy it.
Just think of such a reason as this furnished
by the citizens of Charlestown as a ground why
the Government should not add by purchase to
the navy-yard located at that place, " the need
of the wharf proposed to be purchased, for pur-
poses ofjjradeand taxation 1" What does it mean ?
What is the explanation of that' If the Govern-
ment shall make this purchase, the taxes formerly
derived from this property will be added to the
taxes on the property of the'Senator's constitu-
ents at the city of Charlestown, which rests " un-
der the shadow of Bunker Hill," and we know,
according to the Senator's statement, what influ-
ence that shadow has exerted over the land.
"The Government holds," this paper con-
tinues, " fiom two tbiids to throe fourths of all
the water frontage below the biidges;" and yet
it is stated to you by the chairman of the Finance
Committee, and it is an incontrovertible fact, that
whenever the Government moored a ship theie,
they diu it with nearly one haifits entiie length,
it the vessel was of any considerable size, reaching
acioss private property, and preventing its use
otherwise. They have another alternative, and
what is it? It is to take the ship into the stream
and ancl or it there with four anchors. But the
Charleston!) people, purified by " the shadow of
Hunker Hill,3' say that the Government holds
from two tliiids to thsee fourths of the water front-
age below the bridges,#nd this purchase " would
injure the city's tiade." It is not my province
and perhaps it would not be proper forme todis-
c iss a questi on involving w lie t her the mayor of the
cuy of Charlestown is interested, or to what ex-
tent he is interested, in opposing this puichase.
I dismiss that pair, of the case with this remark,
that in my opinion if he were less interested in
lands in that vicinity, neither he nor anybody
from him woiiTd have appeared here to prevent |
the passage of this appropriation and the pur- 1
chase of this property. 1 am clearly of that opin-
ion as to what the mayor's ctmrse would be if
he were less intciested in making land an anchor-
age for ships in and about the city of Charles-
town, which " tests in the shadow of Hunker
Ilill."
" The city has only six bundled acies of land;
and as the taxes come principally upon that, the
witluhawa! of any real estate is deprecated."
Just t hink of that si r, for n reason ! ^ never would
vote for this appropriation to purchase the pi operty
involved, if it were not that the withdrawal of the
Charlestown navy-yard fiom Cluulestown would
oe a great loss to the Government; but I would
withdraw that navy-yard and put it somewhere
else, and see how they would IikeTTfiat; see how
the city of Chailestown, luxuriating morallyand
putely " in the shade of Hunker Hill," would
carry on its government without the great expend-
itures which have built up their city, in the mam
made by the General Government theie.
Why, sir, if 1 were a citizen of the city of
Charlestown, living under the shade of thatven-
eiable monument, I would be ashamed to cotne
here to Congress to say to the Government,
" You must not pay $130,000 for the property
that is tliei e necessary to your possession, because
if you do H will impose upon us an additional j
burden in supporting thegoveminent ofour city." j
I would oe ashamed of it, to tell you the truth, |
Mr. President; and if I represented that constit- I
ueney I would take care, for the time being, that
they should have no representative here. "They
do a meaner thing than that, though that is mean
enough forall purposes. Livinguuder the shadow*
of that venerated monument, and desiring to live
cheaply there evidently,and not to be overtaxed,
and taking caie that the Government should not j
ouy this propel ty that the Govei nment wants and j,
needs, they allege that their motiv-e is that the '
Government shall not be plundered, which it '!
will be if it buys, and they set forth that this >|
property has been puichased at a lower price,
veiy much lower than the Government is now j!
required to pay for it. I should like to try the j.
mayor of Charlestown, or any other of the pure j,
mliuoitants living under the shadow of Bunker I1
Ilili, as the owners of this identical property, to :i
see how much less they would take for it if they
had it. I am very much inclined to think that
they would get the last farthing for it, notwith-
standing wheie they have their abode and the
advantages they derive from that.
It would appearas if the Finance Committee of
the Senate were in favor of dealing extravagantly
with the public money,as they have recommended
the pur -base of this property, as is proved by the
letteis and papers read here fiom the mayor of
Charlestown and the great body of its citizens,
who are deeply moved for fear Government should
be plundered, and as another consequence their
taxes should be increased by taking this property
away from taxation. I am inclined to think that
if 11 ved under the shadow of Bunker Hill in, the
city of Charlestown, 1 should neither want to be
mayor of the city nor continue to reside there until
they changed their modes and presented other
arguments than those found here in opposition to
this purchase.
The Finance Committee have considered and
examined every shade and view of this question
The need of the Government is great, if yoi
continue the yard, you must have this property,
you cannot do without it. These men have go\
up a great dispute as to how it may collaterally
affect other propel ty, with which we have noth-
ing to do. I think it is assuming a great deal for
either them or any one else when it is assumed that
the Finance Committee, of which my honorable
fiientl from Maine is the chairman, would recom-
mend the expenditure of a dollar of the public
money that could be avoided at this time or at
any other time. I very much incline to think
that, not withstanding the advantages of residence
that this pure constituency have as stated by the
Senator, they would have done themselves much
more credit by remaining at home and allowing
the Government through its proper agencies to
make such purchases as upon close investigation
are found most profitable and necessary to the
public sei vice.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the proper course to be
pursued by the Senate in relation to this matter
is very plain. I know nothing of the parties thai
have manifestly an interest in the purchase ofthis
property, and 1 care nothing about them, whether
they be the owners of the property, or the people
of Charlestown generally; but I know one fact,
that the Government in an infinity of instance!
has been mostegcegiousiy swindled and plundered
by such tiansactions, and all for the want of a gen-
eial law which Congress could pass very readily,
1 suppose in the course of a week or ten days.
When the Government needs real estate in
Charlestown or any where else, for'forts, arsenals,
dock-yanls, or other public works that are neces-
sary for the operations of the Government, tho
Government has the light to go upon the prop-
erty and to have a judicial assessment of its value
made, and to take it at its value. All that is need-
ful to produce such a result is a general law on
the subject. If a general law to this end had been
passed forty years ago, the Government would
have saved millions and millions of dollars that
have been extoited from it in the most extrava-
gant a J fabulous prices it has paid for property
that it needed.
The United States have a necessity for the deep
waters in Charlestown harbor or the best water
in any other haibor: there is a plain and simple
mode by which they may get the water and a
shore upon the water. It is to pass a law au-
thorizing a jutlicial'proceedmg that shall result
m the appointment of commissioners or the em-
paneling of a jury to go and examine the prop-
erty and ascertain and assess its value, and the
Government is then entitled to the pi unci ty at
hat value.
Mr. GRIMES. Allow me to state that the
Senator from Vermont [Mr. Coli^mekJ has just
made a suggestion to me, and perhaps the Sena-
tor from Kentucky can answer it. It is this: sup-
pose such a law to be passed, would the Govern-
ment acquire jurisdiction over the property?
Would it be exempt from taxation?
Mr. DAVIS. It might not bo exempt from
taxation.
Mr. G. IMIiS. Hut be liable to be taxed for
State and corporation purposes ?
Mr DAVIS. Suppose they were, what would
it amount to?
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator allow me
