2504:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
gentleman from Vermont embodies an exceed-
ingly narrow policy. It is an unwise policy, it
is not the policy of statesmen; it is not prudent;
it is not in accordance with the wishes or desires
of tho American people. I believe there wilt be
no difficulty in voting down the proposition of the
gentleman from Vermont.
- The second proposition is to give notice of our
intention to abrogate the treaty, and at the same
time accompany it .with a grant of power to the
President to appoint commissioners for the pur-
pose of reopening negotiations and perfecting ar-
rangements with the colonies upon just principles
of reciprocity.
It seems'to me that this is a much more sensi-
ble proposition and much more for the interests
of the country than that of the gentleman from
Vermont. It embraces a policy in favor of which
I could state many reasons if the time allowed me
would permit. 1 would prefer the passage of a
resolution different from either of the two now
before the House, containing no provision for
giving the notice to abrogate, but simply giving
the President power by and with the consent of
the Senate to appoint three commissioners, to con-
fer with persons duly authorized by Great Britain
in that behalf, to negotiate a new treaty, based
upon the true principles of reciprocity between
the two Governments and the people of both coun-
tries, with the view of enlarging the basis of the
present treaty, and for the removal of existing dif-
ficulties. If I could by my word carry it I would
be in favor of the last proposition; in other words,
1 think the time has not come, 1 think there is no
pressing necessity for giving notice to the British
Government of our desire to abrogate the tieaty.
We can do this at any time, we can do it next
month, next fall, or we can do it two years from
now, or at any subsequent time. After twelve
months' notice given by either of the high con-
tracting parties the treaty is abrogated. I suggest,
therefore, that it ts not yet time to give that notice,
and I will be very frank and say that unless we
can have another treaty 1 believe the piesent one
upon the whole is better than no t;eaty at all. I
have yet to lea) n that any board of trade or any
association of commercial inon,or any Legislature,
has ever advocated the idea of an unconditional
abrogation of the treaty existing between us and
the British provinces.
1 have risen more especially in order to present
to the Mouse resolutions passed by the Legislature
of the Stale of Maine at its last session m 1864,
bearing upon this question. I ask the Clerk to
read them.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Revolved, A4? the sentiment of the people of Maine, that
MMttd policy .mil enlarged statesman-hip dictate a iudi-
ciourf ellbil tOMVUH'jUhf and equal cmmnuuu'ation <>t Made
between all the count i ie-i of Noith Ahum km ; and that it i<
the i teier>t of this ritnto, as we!! ol the whole country,
to cultivate fuendiy relation-! with tho ptovinres ot Ihiiinh
America, l y such ovulations asbhall scciue an advanta-
geous reciprocity between the inhabitant-, oi thc-e provinces
and the citizens ol the United Htate^; and for that end it is
the duty of the Federal Government, while abio aun  the
existing treaty, to propuM , and if po-wble secinr, such new
agreement* and Mipulatioiif. will remove the objection*
that have been d< \ eloped by c.\pei i< nee, and more pei lecity
secute tin* object-, held in view when the pirsrnt treats
wus 1'iitei ed into, -'aid Meaty haviri:; opeiated with peculiar
hardrdiip upon the nueiet.t5> ol Maine.
Mr. SWEAT. I will sjty that (his resolution
was passed by the Legislature of iMaine which
recently adjourned, by an almost unanimous vote.
Mr. Speaker, Maine is deeply interested in this
question. 1 believe Ihatitoperatesperhnpsasinju-
riouslyupori the agricultural interestsol Mainely
as upon the ngrieul'ural interests of any other
State, and yet the people of Maine do not desire
an unconditional abrogation of this contract,
while, as I understand, they would have it revised.
My idea ts th.it we can irvtse tins tieaty with-
out abrogating it, and that we can treat brtter
with these provinces while the present treaty is
living than we can with a dead treaty.
[t has been said that there exists an unfriendly
feeling between the provinces and the United
States. Sir, the people of the lower provinces of
Canada are friends of the loyal citizens of the Uni-
ted States. However much the Canadian papers
may have eivm an appearance of a public senti-
ment against us, it is a mistake to suppose that
their interests are adverse to ours or that the peo-
ple there are unfriendly to us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEELE, ofNewYork. I move that the
gentleman be allowed to continue five minutes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This, I un-
derstand, is to come out. of the time of the gentle-
man from New York.
The SPEAKER. TheChair understands oth-
erwise.
Mr: SPALDING. J object unless it comes out
of the time*of the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
objection comes too late. The time of the gentle-
man from Maine has been extended five minutes.
Mr. SWEAT. Now, sir, the details of the
operation and effect of this treaty [ cannot, for
obvious reasons, discuss. 1 would like very well
to present some considerations in reply to those
of my colleague from Maine [Mr. Pike] who is
in favor of abrogating this treaty unconditionally.
1 could be able to show, if 1 had time, that several
of the great interests of my State, namely, fish-
eries and ship-building, aie very much promoted
and aided by this treaty.
An able thinker and writer, Mr. Cyril Pearl,
of Maine, has recently discussed the effectof this
treaty upon the interests of that State, and, with-
out any comments of my own, I will read a few
sentences from his very conclusive argument on
the subject. He says:
we are largely interested in navigation, we are
equally so in ship-building, standing quite in the trout rank
ot siup-boildingStates. Various causes have combined to
ineiease the cost of tins building. One of these is the
scarcity of ship-umber. A very laige pcutton of the timber
it.-ed in Maine, as well as other States, now conies from
Canada and New Brunswick. The cost ot imn, sails, and
cordage greatly increased bv a high revenue taulf. Cut
bft" this supply of timber, or tax it by a high tariff, and you
tiaiwfei the ship-budding trom Mame to the shores of the
St Lawrence and thchaiborssof New Brunswick and Nov a
Scotia, where the tariii' on Etnopean iron, cordage, and
sails, is about ball' what it is in Maine.1'
Again, he says:
u No State i-s more favorabh situated to reap a rich har-
vest liom the hshenes of the (Jiand Bank*, and (he Butish
Ameiiean wateis, than is Maine. A huge amount of ton-
nage owned and binit in the State, a Jaige portion of her
miiii hied to tin1 sea, her -dtoies luim^hing the m<W ample
Hats lor supplying the fishing ban, her ad\antuges tor tak-
ing, curing, and marketing fish, aie not equaled by any
St.ite m the Union. By the treaty immensely gieater ad-
Aantages in the fishtmen aie secured by the fangH-h Gov-
ernment to the United States, than aie by the United States
secured to Hriti&h subjects; so that, if U be true that in
othei respect* the treaty is of moie benefit to theni than it
is to us, in this matter of the fisheiies we have an im-
mense advantage, winch, by the abolition of reciprocity,
we wantonly tbiow away."
The question is not whether the treaty is what
we would have it—in my opinion it is not—but
whether commissioners shall be appointed to re-
vise and improve it. Sir, if there is to be a re-
vision of tho treaty it will need amendments in
behalf of the interests of Maine quite as much
as of the interests of any other State.
No w, sir, shall we be governed by such a course
as this, or shall we be governed by passion, ex-
citement, purposes of retaliation, or promptings
of revenge? Because some Canadians have ex-
hibited ill-feeling against this country shall we
undeitake to stultify ourselves by breaking up
our commercial relations with them and destioy-
ing the interests of our own citizens to a large
extent 5 I believe thatsome gentlemen upon this
floor are actuated more by their prejudices against
thus people than by any other consideration in the
line of policy they are advocating in this matter.
Now, 1 submit to gentlemen upon this side of the
House and upon the other side, that even if ail
that is alleged in reference to this Canadian peo-
ple be tiue, whether we are justified in allowing
ourselves to be governed by such considerations
in determining a national, commercial question.
Shall we, if we can, negotiate a new tieaty upon
the prineiplesof reciprpcity ? If we make the ef-
fort to revise tins, and to make it mutually bene-
ficial and satisfactory, and fail, 1 need not inform
the blouse that we may then give notice of the ab-
rogation of the existing treaty. It is s&id there
is a necessity now otgmng this notice,as though
we could not even wait until the 11th of Septerh-
j her, which will be the termination of the ten years,
as though we could not even make an effort to
come to a fair and honorable understanding.
With all the defects of the present treaty, the
balance of trade for the last ten years has been in
favor of the United States. By the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury recently made, it ap-
pears that our exports to the British provinces
were $26,445,683 more than theamountimporteii
from them to the States.
I annex a table showing our trade with Canada
since 1854. The statistics are as follows:
&
Total value of Canadian impoils from United Suites,
18.)4, ^15,5^3,101 ; 1862, $25,!73,tr 7.
Total value of Canadian exports to United States, 18oi,
$tf,649,0u2; 1662, $15,063,731).
Showing the balance to be moie than ten mil-
lions m our favor. And the statistics of our trade
with the " maritime provinces"are equally stak-
ing, in showing it to be in our favor. For exam-
ple, in 1863 our exports to Nova Scotia were
$3,857,765,-while our imports from that province
in the same year were ^1,869,672.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman from Alary-
land [Mr. DaYib] is now entitled to the floor for
ten minutes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I shall nof, occupy
my ten minutes. The proposition before the
House is to give notice to Gre.at Britain to term-
inate the treaty known as the reciprocity treaty.
The nextproposition is to request the President
to appoint commissioners to negotiate another
treaty.
