1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3461
thought we were granting nothing more than the
settler's upon the mineral lands were entitled to.
I do not know that there are any other essential
changes. If gentlemen wish information upon
any other point I will gladly give it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman have the report printed so that we may
know what it is ?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know when a ma-
jority of the House will be found here again. I
think it is explained to the House fairly, and
when they look at the bill I think they will find
no material changes beyond what I have men-
tioned, and that all the changes which have been
made are in derogation of the rights granted to
the company. In other words, they are all in
favor of the United States.
I call the previous question upon agreeing to
the report.
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Wasiiburne, of
Illinois, and Mr. Stevens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 80, noes 13.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays on agreeing to the report, and
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on agreeing to the report.
Tellers were not ordered.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the conference report was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to introduce a
joint lesolution. If I am allowed, I may say a
word or two before introducing it. The House
had agreed to appropriate $150,000 under circum-
stances such as I need not repeat for the purpose
of bringing the water from the Potomac into this
city. The House confined the appropriation to
a specific object so that the money should not be
spent on the general work of the aqueduct, but
should effect a certain purpose. The Senate re-
fused to agree to it, and required that the money
should be left to be spent in any way the super-
intendent pleased. The confeience committee on
the part of the House refused to agree to that;
and so the whole appropiiatjon was struck out.
Since that has been done both Houses have been
informed that unless some appropriation of this
kind be made there cannot be any waterbrought
into the city. Nov/ I desire to have sent to the
Senate a joint resolution reaffirming the appro-
priation that we made in the very same way and
throwing upon the Senate the responsibility of
rejecting,' it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
has just voted away $96,000,000 of the public
treasure, without even a vote by yeas and nays.
I object.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. MQCRHEAD. 1 appeal to the gentleman
fiom Illinois to withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iinsistupon
my objection; we have drank muddy water heie
for ten years, and we can do so a little longer.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to: and thereupon (at
a quarter to eleven o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
! Saturday, July 2, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Naual.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was dis-
pensed with.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (No. 176) authorizing the erection of
buildings for the branch mint at San Francisco;
and
A j.oint resolution (No. 77) explanatory of an
act to increase the pay of soldiers in the Army of
the United States, and for other purposes, ap-
proved June 20, 1864.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following bills
and joint resolutions; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. 94) for the reliefof Isaac R. Diller;
A bill (No. 194) for the benefit of half-breeds
and mixed-bloods of the Winnebago tribe of In-
dians;
A bill (No. 337) for the reliefof the adminis-
trator of W. W. Russel, late paymaster in the
marine corps;
A bill (No. 384) for the relief of C. F. John-
don, of Alabama;
A bill (No. 458) for the relief of George Mow-
re y;
A bill (No. 479) for the lelief of John Warren
& Son;
A bill (No. 489) for the relief of D. McV.
Stuart;
A bill (No. 516) for the relief of Frances Mun-
son;
A bill (No. 528) for the relief of the heirs-at-
law of Colonel Archibald Crary, deceased;
A bill (No. 530) for the relief of George Cal-
vert;
A bill (No. 555) for the relief of Horace Gates;
A bill (No. 55G) granting a pension to Ezekicl
Darling;
A bill (No. 557) granting a pension to Joseph
Pike;
A bill (No. 575) for the lelief of Sully C.
Northrup;
A joint resolution (No. 106) authorizing the
S^pretary of the Treasury to dispose of certain
moneys therein mentioned;
A joint resolution (No. 118) for the reliefof the
sufferers by the late accident at the United States
arsenal in Washington, District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (No. 119) explanatory of a
joint resolution relative to pay of staff officers of
the lieutenant general.
The message further announced that Mr. Hale
had been appointed a member of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (II. R. No. 11)
in relation to the claim of Carmack & Ramsey,
in place of Mr. IIoi.man.
ENROLLED-BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 154) to provide for the better
oiganization of the quartermaster's department;
A bill (S. No. 228) providing for satisfying
claims for bounty lands, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 271) relating to the law of evi-
dence in the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 315) m relation to the sale of
reservations of the public lands;
A bill (S. No. 325) to repeal the act of the 17th
June, 1864, prohibiting the sales of gold and for-
eign exchange;
A joint resolution (S. No. 67) for the relief of
Thomas J. Galbraith; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 74) requesting^thc
President to appoint a day for national humilia-
tion and prayer.
BILLd liECOHE LAttS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had approved and signed
on the 30th of June the following acts and joint
resolutions:
An act (FX. R. No. 121) for the n-li< f ofLieu-
tenant William P. Ricluier, 27th re^nuent Ohio
volunteer infantry;
An act (li. R. No. 205) authorizing the issue
of patents for locations made with certificates is-
sued under the act of Congress, approved March
! 17, 1862, allowing floats in BuUsitic?ion of lands
sold by the United States within tin-limits the
Las Omegas and La Nar.u grantsm Louisiana;
An act (H. R. No. 255) gran ting: certain priv-
ileges to the Guardian Society of the District
Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 405) to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 414) for the relief of the es-
tate of B. F. Kendall;
An act (H. R. No. 435) concerning locations of
lands in the State of Missouri;
An act (H. R.. No. 442) to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to negotiate with cer-
tain Indians of Middle Oregon for a .relinquish-
ment of certain rights secured to them by treaty;
An act (H. R. No. 446) to regulate prize pro-
ceedings and the distribution of prize money, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No 494) to increase the duties
on imports, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 497) in relation to the vil-
lage of Deposit, Delaware county, New York;
An act(H. R. No. 522) to amend the charter
of the Washington and Georgetown Railroad
Company;
An act (H. R. No. 532) to establish certain
post roads;
An act (H. R. No. 540) to provide ways and
means to support the Government, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 23) for the relief
of the officers of the fourth and fifth Indian regi-
ments;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 93) to authorize
the rostmaster General to extend the contract
with the Overland Mail Company;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 68) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to release certain
parties from liabilities or payment of duties and
penalties therein mentioned;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 101) to provide
for the publication of a full Army Register;
A joint resolution (H.R.No. 103) for the relief
of Mary Kellogg; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. Ill) authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to reclaim and pre-
serve certain property of the United States.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES,
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom were referred the following
resolutions, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, they having been provided
for by a law that has passed both Houses of Con-
gress; which was agreed to:
A resolution to print the report of Major Gen-
eral Ulysses S. Grant upon the operations of the "
army of the Cumberland;
A resolution to print additional copies of the
report of Major General Meade; and
A resolution to print additional copies of the
report of Major General Rosecrans.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the message of the President of the United States
relative to the maltreatment of pnssengeis on
board ships plying between New York and As-
pinwall, reported the following resolution:
Rrsolved, That the mpssnge of the President of the Uni-
ted States, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of May 16,1804, tuuismiuing information relative to the
malttcattnont of parisencerd and seamen on boatd sahips
pljing between New York and Aspinwall, be printed, and
that one thousand additional copies be punted for the uae
oi the Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom were referred the follow-
ing subjects, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agieed to:
A resolution of the Senate instiucting the com-
mittee to inquire into the expediency of abolish-
ing the present system of licensing Indian traders;
A report of the Secretary of the Inteiior, com-
municating a schedule of the claims of and awards
under the act of July 14, 1SG2, for the relief of
prcemptors on the home reservation of the Wm-
nebagoes m the blue earth region, in the State of
Minnesota;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior con-
cerning the claims of the confederate bands of Kas-
kaskia, Peoria, Piankeshaw,and Wea Indians;
A letter of the Secretary of the Interior in ic-
1-Uion to the appointment of an agent for the
llioway, Apache, and Comanche Indians; and
A metiiOiial of chiefs and delegates of the Clnli-
coine bund of Shawnee Indians.
