1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the compensation of black soldiers to that of the
white soldiers. I should like to know what de-
mand there is at the present time that we should
go behind that legislation simply because theie
are a few regiments who eniisted at an early
period and have fought bravely and are entitled
to all credit. I do not sec any " outrage" m the
case at all. I think the amendment will be a
matter of exact justice.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from California will not be adopted,
not on account of any particular reference to any
one regiment in the service, but because there is a
manifest injustice in it. I think the Treasury
of the United States can stand justice, and I do
not think that we do well in legislating any injus-
tice anywhere. If there is a manifest propriety
and justice that the colored soldiers should have
the same pay as the white soldiers, they should
have it. 1 was in favor of it when the bill on the
subject was before Congress a year or two ago,
and", with the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, I thought they should have that pay. If }
we. neglected it then, if it did not pass then, and
there is an opportunity now to retrieve that error,
why not let us do it ?
I can see very well why the confederates would
not recognize our colored soldiers: because we did
not recognizc them. lean see why they would not
exchange them: because we have never put them
on a level with our other soldiers. We ourselves
are measuiably responsible for that. I think it
commends itself strongly to us that we should
vote this appropriation m this bill. We should
give them the precise pay and place them in pre-
cisely the same position as white soldiers. Their
lives are as dear to them; their services are as val-
uable; at any rate they are as valuable in propor-
tion to the ability they have to render; and when
a man does all he can for the Government and the
country that is the measure of his ability with
regatd to it, and that is a reason why lie should
be put on 
IVi r. COWAN. The Senator will allow me to j
ask him whether he wowld bo willing to go back
and put all the white soldiers in the Army on the
same footing as to past pay, emoluments, and
bounties'
Mi. POMEROY. I would have all the white
soldiers on one footing. I would not make any
distinction between our soldiers. If, ata particu-
lar time, they all had so much, that should be the
law for the whole; and if at a particular time apart
of the foices of the United States had one pay and
a part another, that would be a icason why we
should change it. We should apply that principle
heie. We have enlisted these eoloied soldiers.
Some wei e enhsted under one order and some nn- !
der another; some with law and some without j
law. Now 1 say thoie is a manifest propriety m ;
paying them reasonably and paying them alike, i
and paying them from the date of their enlistment, j
making soldiers of them really, if we pretend to J
.call them so. Let us respect them and then they ;
will be respected abroad. Let us lespeet them j
and they will begin to respect themselves. But i
if we depress them, if wc put a stigma on them,
they will feel that they are not properly treated
arid respected.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the Sena-
tor from Kansas to say that passing this increase ;
of pay to the colored solders will cause the so- :
called confederate government to recognize rhem
and to treat in regard to them? Do 1 understand ]
him to say that, or to be of that opinion ? I rathei ;
think the passage of this bill will have no cffcct ,
upon that .subject at all. 1
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President, 1 think that |
in passing this act we shall do what we ought to
huv" clf>11^ in the beginning: we shall do what 1
think will lecognize these men as lull soldiers,
not half soldieis, not two thirds soldieis, hut really
su'ulieis.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Iwillaskmy fiiend whether
we shall not do that as fully and faitly by pass- ,
mg a law to give them the same pay from this
time forwaid as by going back aud giving it to
them fortbcii sfi\ice heietoforer Can we acton
what the confederates have done heretofoie?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 was replying to the aigu-
menf made by the Senator from California, that
the Tieasut y of the United States could not afford
to do justice; that it could not stand an act of jus-
tice to these men.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
mo, I did not lecognize that there was any neces-
sity for this act on the ground of justice at all;
and if the Senator will permit me to say so, neither
do 1 recognize the propriety of introducing the
question of sympathy or the disparity arising from
color in this discussion. I regard it as a simple
proposition involving money, and nothing more.
I think that, as a proposition involving money,
we should pay this increase from and after the
passage of this act. We have perfouned our con-
tracts up to this time. If the legislation of the
past was not wise, if it was not magnanimous, if
it was not in accordance with th^ Senator's opin-
ion of what the country could do, then, sir, that
has become history. We cannot correct H now.
We can vote the pay of these soldiers, it is true;
but wc cannot call back the act of disparity to the
extent that it was such.
I am not in favor of lugging these considera-
tions into the discussion of every proposition in-
volving the payment of money. The mode of
discussion pursued by the Senator from Kansas
is calculated to raise, as it does, this entire ques-
tion of the negro race. There is no difference of
opinion, I apprehend, between that Senatorand
myself on that subject; but i submit that there is
no necessity for its introduction here. This is a
mere question of whether we shall pay a given
amount of money to a curtain number of men with
whom we madea contract,and to whom we have
performed our part of it. The volunteers thaten-
listcd in the State of California have been paid five
dollms a month by the State to make up to them
the loss they suffer in being paid in legal-tender
notes of the United States. I nnght as well ask
that the Treasury of the United States should re-
fund that. I do wot see that sti ict justice demands
that this back pay should be voted. I do not see
that it invokes any considerations of humanity.
I admit iuily the rights of these colored soldiers.
I agree with the Senator from Maine that there
should he no difference recognized between sol-
diets of the United Slates, and we piopose fiom
and after the passage of this art that there shall
, be no such diffoence. 1 think that is the propel
' view of the question.
I Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 should like to ask
the Senator fiom California a question. In Jan-
uary, the Government accepted the first Kan-
sas eoloied regiment as organized in August.
They had fought, dulled, and labored from Au-
gust" to January. They were not paid by the
Government, at all for that service. Did not the
Government by accepting their services in Jan-
uary take upon themselves the moral obligation
at least to pay them for the services they had ren-
dered between August and January'
Mr. CONNESS. I believe we have made an
! appropriation to pay white soldiers who enlisted
in the State of Missouri, and fought the battles of
the counti v, without the authouty of the laws of
the United'Slates. I believe we have recognized
their services and paid them. If theSenator fiom
j Kansas desires to pay Kansas soldieis that en-
; teicd the seivioe And fought the battles of the
; country befote they were mustered in, let him
' make that proposition as a distinct one to Con-
0 less, and let it stand upon lis exact merits; but if
! you are going to legislate in regard to this question
| of the equal payment of all the soldieis of the
' United States, let it begin now.
Mr. 11AMSKY. J should like to inquire of the
chairman ot the Committee on Militaiy Allans
what number of colored troops there aie now in
the si.t \ ice, and what ehuige, ptobably or approx-
ij itnanly, 'his retrospective feature ol the bill will
^ inakt; upon tie- Tieasmyr
1 j Air. WILSON. 1 cannotgiveadefinilcanswer
1 to the Senator. 1 suppose, however, taking ah
: parts of the country, the men who are enlisted in
"! legiments already in the held, and who aie in de-
pots to cuter vegmv'uts, that \\e may ha\e now
J about forty-five or fifty thousand coioied troops.
1 suppose the number does not exceed fifty thou-
i sand. Most oi these troops have been raised dur-
i ing the lastMX or eight months. Wc did vciy
I little m r<<.sing eoloied troops pr<.vious to the lat-
, ur part of last somm^r.
| Mr. DOOLITYLE. Mr Pi cedent, I m-hevc
nothing can be clearer than that the Go\einment
should'carry out in good faith what it has prom-,
ised to soldieis in enlisting m the Army. If the
Government has in good faith made a promise to
soldiers who have enlisted in any*p&fticulisr>i<egii-
men t, whether in Massach usetts or ahy where else-,
that promise ought to be kept. I agree1 that jus-
tice demands that. We ought not to make a prom-
ise by which soldiersare induced to go into a regi-
ment and then deceive them when they go into that
regiment. That certainly is not just. Auhesame
time there are some considerations in--relation to
this retrospective legislation that should be con-
sidered . In my judgment, if we go into itwe shall
involve ourselves in very great difficulties* "We
shall not be able to go through with that kind of
legislation and do justice to white and black'sol-
diers in the Army. There arp a great many sol-
diers who have been in the Army almost three
years without any bounty whatever; who have
served simply for the common monthly wage#;
who have borne the heat and burden of the day,
and have gone through these terrible battles. We
have subsequently given large bounties tonew-re-
cnuts and to those that are reenhsted. If weua-
dertake to deal justly from the beginning, if {We
adopt this principle, we shall be called' upon-by a
power that Congress will not be able t.o resist, it
seems to me, which will demand for thx>se>old
veteran soldiers the same bounties that are given
to other recruits.
Aarain, sir, there is, I think, some difficulty
growing out of this very question of wages 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If theSenator will allow
mc a moment, I wish to reply to the question that
has been asked by the Senator from Minnesota
as to how much this provision will amount to.
If I figuie it right, considering that we- have fifty
thousand of these soldiers, and that they^have
been in the service six months, on an average,
it will amount to ^900,000*. and then the bounty
will he $500,000 moie. This retrospective pro-
vision will take out of the Treasuiy about a mil-
lion and a half at the lowest calculation.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bounty is not involved
in this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought it was. Then
it will be about a million dollars, supposing six
months to be the overage timo.
Mr. ANTHONY. • I understood the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs to say that
the average time was aboutfour months. Nearly
all of them have enlisted within the last six
months. Many of them arc not a month in the
service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Many of them are in the
service a year.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. In some of the States col-
ored troops enlisting into our armies are pre-
cisely m a similar condition to the white troops";
but i can very readily conceive in that section of
the country where it is probable we shall enlist
more colored men in our armies than anywhere
else, that they are not altogether situated the same
as white soldiers that are enlisting into our ar-
mies, and for this reason; 1 understand, practi-
cally, that as our armies advance into the coun-
try thickly settled with a colored po'pulation, they
advance, men, women, and children, to our lines.
The able-bodied man with his wife and children
comes within our lines. He is put into the Army,
and the women and childun in a great many in-
stances remain on our hands and are now receiv-
ing rations, as 1 undeistand, at the hands of the
Government. Now, is it doing exact and equal
justice between the two kinds of soldiers forus to
put the colored soldier into our Army and give htm
precisely the same pav as the white soldier, while
at the same time we are feeding his wife and his
children with rations issued from the quartermas-
ter's Depan meat, and our while soldiers must sup-
port their families, and support them out of their
wages >
This is a consideration that does not apply, I
agree, to all the Stales where these men may en-
list; but it does apply to certain localities and dis-
tricts. It would seem as if some kind of legisla-
tion ought to be made to r^ach that case. If we
are to pay them the same, wages as white tioops
and the Government is at the same time support-
ing theit wives and children, there ought to be
some account kepi and some deduction made of a
portion af their wagx-s. 1 know m my own State,
practically, this system is adopted to a very great
extent in our regiments. The white soldieis are
permuted to set apart a certain poition of their
wages to be sent home to theirfumilies,and when
the paymasters call upon our soldiers to pay them,
