1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2505:
I am in favor of the first part of the resolution;
I am opposed to the last part of the resolution, I
oppose it, first, because reciprocity between Can-
ada and the United States is the last remnant.of
the old one-sided Democratic policy of the United
States,always for the benefit of foreign nations and
against the United States.
In the next place I am opposed to it for a more
local reason, which is, that it keeps up a very
lucrative trade in coal against the interest of the
State of Maryland.
In the next place I am opposed to it for another
reason. The Canadas haveavailed themselves of
a freedom of legislation to modify their tariff so
as to make it injurious to us without in terms
violating the treaty.
It is impossible to prevent legislation of an
unfriendly character which will evade any treaty,
we can adopt, unless that treaty involvesabsolute
reciprocity, and embodies free trade to its fullest
extent. I need not go into an argument to prove
that a treaty at this time would be absolutely im-
possible; impossible for this reason—that we are
now a heavily taxed people; the Canadians are a
lightly taxed people; and any treaty of absolute
reciprocity would give the Canadians the benefit
of the difference between the taxes of Canada and
the United States. Under that state of circum-
stances any such treaty must be one sided—the
profits must all belong to Canada.
In the next place we are not only heavily taxed
now, but we shall continue so for the next gen-
eration, and probably for the next two or three
generations, and whether our financial ability will
be sufficient to bear us through this contest no
man can yet say. It is impossible that we can
make arrangements for free trade with Canada or
with any other country in the world by treaty
stipulations which are to bind our legislative dis-
rretion in so controlling ourselves as to render it
impossible for us to change our internal tax laws
from year to year as experience and the necessi-
ties of the time require. It is impossible that we
can so far take away the legislative discretion of
Congress as to render it impossible to adjust our
internal tax system as the public interest requires.
At this moment any gentleman on the Committee
of Ways and Means ^vill tell the House that they
have been seriously interfered with mtheadjust-
ment of the bill for internal taxes, and they will
be seriously interfered with in the adjustment of
the bill for the tariff, by the fact that there are
certain articles which are exempted from the
operation of our laws by the treaty; and with ref-
erence to our internal tax that there are certain
articles which being allowed to be broughtm from
the Canadas cannot be subjected to tax by the in-
ternal tax system without discriminating against
our own people and in favor of the Canadians.
This will enable us to go on and tax so far as our
interest requires that they should be subjected to
taxation. We show no hostile legislation; we
do not anticipate hostile legislation with Canada.
Each party will make the law to suit its own
convenience and interest, and so far as commerce
is mutually beneficial commerce will be left free.
The final consideration which controls my vote
is that a commercial treaty of this kind is a di-
rect invasion of our constitutional prerogative to
regulate commerce with foreign nations. It is in
dnect contravention of the power of Congress to
lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises It takes away from Congress its discre-
tion if the treaty is vaiid, and to that extent it
tends to transfer to the President and two thirds
of the Senate prerogatives which the Constitution
vests in Congress. Whatever power is vested
here is to be exercised according to our will and
according to our judgment, and not according to
the will and judgment of foreign nations; and in
my opinion we cannot abandon our discretion.
It is imprudent to permit the Executive to make
a treaty with foreign Powers which some ma-
jority here may abrogate as the supreme law of
the land and bring us into difficulty. Let every
department exercise its own prerogative. Let
Congress regulate commerce, and let the other
departments be confined to their proper spheres.
Mr. L1TTLEJOHN. Mr. Speaker, in times
like the present, when the people of the country
are overburdened with taxation to carry on an
internal warfare against wicked men, it becomes
us as wise statesmen to promote the prosperity of
the people by judicious legislation in every de-
partment, in agriculture, manufacture, and com-
merce, so that they may be enabled to bfcar these
heavy burdens. And therefore, sir, though in
feeble health, I could not permit the vote to be
taken on so important a question without occu-
pyingafew moments to protest against theabroga-
tion of this treaty, for in my judgment no great
system of trade and commerce should be hastily
or arbitrarily interrupted. I shall content myself
by a reference only to one or two great interests
which will greatly suffer if this resblution be
adopted. The. question was asked yesterday,
what have the railroads and canals to do with
this subject? I reply, much, very much, as re-
lates to .the prosperity of the Northwest and the
New England States, and the States of New
York and Pennsylvania.
The canals and railroads of Maryland, Penn-
sylvania, and New York are already taxed to
their full capacity. In the time of a pressure of
commerce, this period of the year when the pro-
duce of the West seeks a market, the railroads
and canals, all constructed upon our own soil,are
entirely inadequate to afford means for the trans-
portation of the produce of the West.
And, sir, what have the necessities of the case
brought upon the Northwest? The use of the
railroads which cross the peninsula of Canada, of
which there are four. The short railroad, side
by side With the Welland canal, has within four
years passed sixteen million bushels of grain, the
product of the Northwest, from Lake Erie into
Lake Ontario, for distribution m New York, New
England, and the Canadas. The Great Western
and the Grand Trunk railroads,with theCollings-
wood road, from Lake Huron to Toronto on Lake
Ontario, have also borne the property of the pro-
ducers of the West to a market, and 1 think 1 am
safe m saying that those products, taking the pork
and flour into consideration, aie equivalent to fif-
teen or twenty million bushels of wheat.
Abrogate this treaty and you effectually close
up these avenues, so far as the transportation of
western products is concerned, when destined
to one of our own ports on Lake Ontario; for it
becomes dutiable, every bushel and barrel, when
it avrives at an American port. Let' me give an
illustration: a vessel leaves Chicago with a cargo
of gram, and arrives at Port Colborne or Port Sa-
rina in Canada, and is there transferred to a rail-
road for transportation to Lake Ontario. It is
there placed in another bottom, cither American
or British, to be delivered at Oswego, for trans-
portation hence to New York by canal or rail-
roads to New York, or at Cape Vincent, hence
by rail to Rome and by the New York Central
to New Yoik, or at Ogdensburg, hence by rail to
Rouse's Point and the eastern States. And what
then? On its arrival at Oswego, Cape Vincent,
or Ogdensburg the collector would demand a duty
upon every barrel and every bushel of it.
Some gentlemen here say" No." There is no
law upon the statute-book of the nation that will
permit a collector to pass, duty free, property
which has broken bulk, and passed through the
territory of Canada, for the reason that it cannot
be identified. There are no means of identifying
it. If it is a cargo of wheat, it may be mixed hi
transitu with Canadian grain, or an entire cargo
of Canadian gram may be substituted. Hence,
when this property reaches the lower port it is
dutiable.
Abrogate this treaty, and I ask gentlemen of
the western States, if our means of transportation
upon our own soil are so utterly overtaxed and
burdened, what will you do with this surplus of
your products which has found an outlet hereto-
fore over the Canadian peninsula? Upon our
own soil a barrier exists to transit from the upper
to the low£r lakes, at the falls of Niagara. The
Canadians, by a liberal policy, have removed that
barrier by the construction of the Welland canal
and these railroads, and we are enjoying these
benefits to-day. The greater portion of these
western productions cross Canada by those canals
and railroads, to find a market within our own
territory m New England and New York.
I admit that this treaty does not work recipro-
cally throughout; but within the last ten years,
in addition to the use of Canadian railroads and
the St. Lawrence river, it has created an annual
trade of over fifty million dollars along that frontier
of two thousand miles. If you abrogate the treaty,
do you expect to derive a revenue by imposing a,
dutyonCanadian-produce that can by any-possi-
bility compare with the profit now enjoyed by
your citizens out of this trade? No, sir; not ^t
all. Men engage in trade for profit, and the profit
arising from the interchange of commodities be-
tween the two countries must be l&rge itpon'gn
aggregate amount of fifty millions of money.
; Is it wise at thistimeto interrupt so surrirpiriljr"
this great and profitable commerce? Can ittfc^
done without inflicting great' pecuniary injury'
upon the citizens who re&dfc fflong our entife
northern frontier?
It has been stated upon this floor that we havd **
sold less to the British provinces'than we: have'
purchased. Strike out of existence 1854', and
take the trade of the five years previous to*1854,
and you will find that we sold them some twenty-
four millions, if the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury is to be relied upon, more than we
purchased. Take the five years subsequent to -
1854 and you will find that it was $38*,000,000
as against $24,000,000 in the first five years. This
is the result of the trade, showing under the treaty
most favorable results.
Now, what is the interest of New York and
New England arid Pennsylvania upon this ques-
tion? Pennsylvania is pouring into the lap of
Canada the wealth of her soil, in tHe shape of
coal, duty free, and New England is supplying''
the Northwest through Canadian avenues with
her manufactures in exchange for its produce. It
is for the interest of New England that there
shall be a vast and mighty population upon these
western prairies at the earliest possible" day.
Every twenty thousand emigrants located in 1-owa
or Illinois or in any western State support a fac-
tory on the rocky soil of New England. New
York and the New England States are compelled
to carry on a trade with the West through the
mighty chain of lakes, over the Canadian rail-
roads and through the canals of Canada, because
our own Government has failed to remove the
barrier at Niagara falls by the construction of a
canal upon her own side.
Sir, I had hoped that this resolution would as-
sume theform of the appointment of commission-
ers to make more perfect the trade between the
two countries and not an abrogation of the treaty,
and I still hope that when it shall be brought to a
vote the abrogation feature will be stricken out
from the resolution and that it will stand adopted
appointing commissioners to render more perfect
a system of trade which has conferred so many
and such vast benefits upon the residents of the
northern frontier.
Mr. MORRILL. , Mr. Speaker, not a single
gentleman has addressed the House upon this
subject who has not admitted at the outset that the
treaty operates injuriously to the United States.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Sweat] has seen
fit to characterize the original proposition intro-
duced by me as unwise, narrow, and unstatesman-
hke. %I do not profess, sir, to have such broad,
statesmanlike, and wise views as the gentleman
who represents the city of Portland, who, by the
by, practically confines his views to the city lim-
its of Portland and not to his State, for I have m
my possession the resolution passed by that State
last year, which was almost unanimously passed,
in favor of the unconditional termination of tho
treaty. Therefore, if I have learned anything that
is unwise or narrow or unstatesmanlike, I have
learned it from Maine herself, and I appeal from
the gentleman to the people of his own State.
This year her Governor also recommended its ab-
logation. To be sure the resolution which was
passed then was a sort-of a mongrel thing asking
for its termination but presenting the "case very
much as it has been presented by the substitute
proposed by tho Committee on Commerce, and
perhaps borrowing the idea from it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the orginal proposition, as
introduced by me, is couched in the language
which has been used by this Government in like
cases for seventy years. There is nothing in it
that could justly give offense in any quarter. It
merely recites, according to the pi ovisions of the
treaty, ourwi&h that it should be terminated. It
does not even go upon the broad ground that
nothing further is to be done, for it contemplates
that there will be further legislation or negotia-
tion, as will be seen from these words:
Awl that the attention of the Government? of both coun-
tries may be directed to the adoption of all proper measures
