#84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
thai amount which is agreed upon is set apart for
the benefit of their families, and is sent home to
tie treasurer of our State for distribution among
their families. I suggest to the honorable chair-
man ofthe Committee on Military Affairs whether
there ought not to be some such legislation for the
peculiar localities and States where this system
joiost prevails.
My.attention has been called to this subjectfor
this reason: I am more particularly connected
with Indian affairs. A large number of refugee
Indians, on account of the war in the Indian ter-
ritory, fled into the State of Kansas. They fled
there in a most destitute condition. Out of these
refugee Indians, whoat one time numbered nearly
twelve thousand, as I was informed by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, some three or four
regiments of Indians have been raised and put into
oar service, and at the same time we are feed-
ing their wives and children as refugees on our
hands to this day in the territory of Kansas. Is
it possible that we shall be called upon to pay the
same amount of wages to these Indians serving
as soldiers as we pay our white troops, and at the
same time that we shall feed their wives and chil-
dren as refugees,.'
I agree with the Senator from Massachusetts
in the principle with which he sets out, and that
is to do justice between all the soldiers in the
service. My opinion is, he will do the best jus-
tice which is attainable by us by providing that
wherever the faith of the Government has been
.given to those enlisted under the authority of the
Department they shall receive what the Govern-
ment has promised. That legislation should have
reference to the future. It seems to me there
ought to be some provision in the bill requiring
some kind of an account to ho kept, if, ut the
same time that we place the able-bodied colored
men in the Army, their wives and children are
receiving rations from the quartermaster's depait-
ment. I do not know precisely the shape in which
it ought to be placed; but it may be a very mate-
rial item; for I understand that the feeding of
these refugee Indians on our hands in Kansas
costs now more than a thousand dollars a day,
and has-done so for a long time. I do not know
whether any one is prepared to state how many
there are of the persons denominated " contra-
bands," women and children, 111 the camps, who
have clustered around our armies and are fed on
Groyernment rations. I havenodoubt their num-
ber is very great, and that the dram 011 that de-
partment is very great. I simply call the atten-
tion of my honorable friend fioin Massachusetts
to this question.
Mr, FESSENDRN. I will inquire whether the
morning hour has not expired.
Mr. WILSON. Let us finish this resol ution.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to make a re-
mark before this question is disposed of.
Mr, FESSENDEN. We cannot get through
with it tins morning,
Mr, SUMNER. If the Senator will indulge
me a minute I wish to say a few words.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I will yield if the Senator
will renew the motion.
.Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me the Senator
from Wisconsin made an allusion which, if practi-
cally carried out, will perhaps be the solution of
the present question; for I cannot but think that
ihe difference of opinion here comes from Sena-
tors not beaiing in mind that there are different
classes of cases. It is well known that there are
two different statutes under which enlistments
have been made. The first is the original statute
of 1861, and the second is the .statute passed m
July, 1862, which the Senate will remember pro-
vides especially for the employment of persona of
African descent as laboreis or as soldiers, and it
proceeds to assign them ten dollars per mmith as
pay. It isobviousthatany enhstmentmade under
the statute of 1862 can entitle the party to nothing
more than the pay of ten dollars per month; but if ,
the enlistment has been bona fide made under the :!
previous statute of 1861, which contains no limit-
ation on the pay, und especially if at the nine of ,j
the enlistment there was an undursmndin0, on the ;i
part of those who enlisted that they wer^to Imve ^
the full pay allowed to soldiers in the Army ofthe j
United States, it seems to me the faith of the
Government is bound accordingly, '
I have gone into this distinction in order to re- j'
mark that there are obviously persons who have !!
enlisted under these two different statutes. ^ I sup-
pose that the larger part of the enlistments in Ten-
nessee and in the Southwest have been under the
second statute; and therefore none of those per-
sons can be entitled to more than the ten dollars.
But it cannot be doubted that there are enlistments
which, whether rightfully or not, were made under
the statute of 1861.
Since thisdebate has commenced I have received
a letter—it came with the mail which has been put
on our desks just now—from a sergeant in the
Massachusetts fifty-fourth regiment actually on
Monis island. The letter is dated in his camp,
and among other things it contains a copy of the
paper which these soldiers signed at the time of
theirenlistment, which, with the indulgence of the
Senate, I will read. It is brief:
" We, the undersigned, by our signatures hereto annexed,
do severally agtec to serve for a period of three years fiom
the date of being mustered into the United States service,
unless booucr du>chaiged, as volunteers from Massachusetts
in the force authorized by an act of Congress of the United
States, approved on the22d day of July, 1861, entitled 'An
act to authorize the employment o/ volumeeis to aid in en-
foicing the laws and piotectmg public property,'and we
severally agree to *eivc in such companies as the Governor
and commandcr-m-chicf may designate "
It seems to me that all who have signed that
paper, and in pursuance of it took the lisks of a
soldier of the United States—and we know how
gallantly they performed them under the lead of
that brave and ever-to-be-lamented officer who fell
on the parapet of Fort Wagner—have the faith of
this Government pledged to them that they shall
leceive the pay of a soldier, under the statute of
1861, before there had been any limitation on that
pay orany special provision with reference to per-
sons of Afitcan descent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There had been.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says there had
been at that time. He is right as to the existence
of the statute; but, in point of fact, the contract
was entered into under the statute of 1861.
Mr. FESSENDEN. it was a simple mistake
of the Governor.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says it was a
simple mistake of the Governor. Granted that
it was a mistake, the Governor of Massachusetts
has had the idea—and I must say I share it with
him—that under the statute of 1861 any person of
Aftiean descent might be enlisted and be entitled
to the same pay as a while soldier. There was
no limitation in the statute. There was no color
there. There was nothing Against the enlistment
of colored men under that statute except a blind
prejudice which we ought to forget. Governor
Andrew thought he was entitled to enlist them un-
der that statute. Hedid so, and as the represent-
ative of the Government of the United States he
pledged its faith to pay them the full pay of a sol-
dier under the statute of 1861.
1 know the impatience now, and that other
business waits; but I cannot take my seat with-
out making the suggestion that it seems to me
a line may be run between these two different
classes of cases, fust, those to whom the faith of
the Government is pledged directly or indirectly,
and even through mistake, if the Senator fiom
Maine pleases, and that other larger class to which
this faith is not pledged. ft seems to me if the
hill shall he amended in conformity with that dis-
tinction, we can all vote for it, and, indeed, there
will be no difference of opinion. j
I wish to see our coloied troops treated like j
white troops in every respect. But-I would not j
press this first principle by any retroactive propo- I
sition, unless where the taith of the Government !
is committed, and there 1 would not hesitate. The I
Trea'suiy can beat any additional burden better !
than the country can bear to do an injustice. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope now that the lax '
bill will be suffered to bu taken up. It is obvious '
that this lesoiution is not in a state that the Sen- !
ate can agree upon it, and it will lead to much !
longer debate, and then; is a necessity for passing ;
the tax bill to-day. I move that the Senate pro" i
cecd to the consideration of the revenue bill. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in j
the chair.) Itis moved by the Senator from Maine 1
that the further consideration of the joint resolu- !
tion now before the Senate be postponed until to-
morrow, and that the Senate ptoceed to the con- |
sideration of the bill (H. R. No 122) to mciease j
the internal revenue, and for other purposes. |
The motion was agreed to. |
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 122) to increase the internal revenue,
and for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of the Committee on Finance
to insert after the word " gallon," in line eleven
of section one, the following words:
And upon all liquois that may he distilled after the pass-
age ot this act. and sold or removed for consumption or
sale oil .uid alter the 1ft day of July next, and previous
to the 1st day of January next, seventy cents on each and
every gallon ; and on all liquors that may be distilled after
the passage of this act, and sold or lemoved for consump-
tion or sale on and after the 1st day of January next, eighty
cents on each and every gallon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark.)
Is it an amendment to the-amendment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is an amendment to
the text.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order unless it is an amendment to the amend-
ment now pending. It will be in order after going
through with the amendments ofthe committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The amendment that I
propose is not inconsistent with the amendments
of the committee, but ought to be considered, I
think, before the amendments proposed by the
committee. My amendment proposes to reduce
the tax from sixty to forty cents on the gallon,
which ought to be considered first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will allow the Chair to suggest that when the
amendment comes up in regard to the amount of
tax that may be in order as an amendment to that
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 suppose the Senator's
object is to move to reduce the sixty cents in the
eleventh line to forry cents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is my proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And if he succeeds in
thathewouidreduce the others* 1 suppose, to fifty
and sixty cents respectively.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
would aijree to that proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I would suggest to
him that if he has no objection to this clause as it
stands, and would not attempt to alter it, he may
as well let us act upon it, as t&at is the ordinary
course; but if he desires to reduce the sixty cent
duty to forty cents, and the others to fifty and sixty
cents respectively, his mode would be to move to
amend the amendment proposed by the committee
which is now under consideration by strikingout
the seventy cents and inserting fifty, and by strik-
ing out the eighty cents and inserting sixty, and he
can move afterwaids to reduce the sixty in the
eleventh line to forty; but if this amendment is
once adopted it will not be amendable, I suppose.
Therefore, if he proposes to amend this, he can do
it now, and he can amend the sixty after we have
gone through with Ihe amendments of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not choice about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Chair decides that
an amendment to the text is not now ni older
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to stiike
out the woid 4i seventy," where it occurs in the
amendment ofthe committee, and the word " eigh-
ty," where it occurs, and to inseit instead thereof
" forty," in each case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
proposes to amend the amendment of the commit-
tee in the manner suggested by him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator of course
can vote against the whole amendment after it has
been amended; but lie will excuse me for suggest-
ing that I presume that if he intends to insert
foity in the eleventh line, he ougiit not to pio-
pose to mseit the same sum in the fifteenth line.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 will state to the Sena-
tor that 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Indiana state Ins amendment to the
amendment again, and let it be repeated from the
desk. The Senate will then understand it.
Mr. HENDRiCKS. My amendment is to
strike outif seventy" and " eighty," where they
