1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507'
the provinces has created a balance againstus. In
one form or another this assertion has frequently
been made. The question he has raised is one of
easy solution, and needs nothing more than.a brief
examination of the statement of the Secretary of
the Treasury compiled from the duly authenti-
cated official records. The treaty went partially
into operation in 1854, extensive transactions
having that year been made, based upon the ex-
pectation that drawbacks would be, as I am told
they ultimately were, allowed. That was "the
year of the treaty—neither before nor after. Its
transactions were mixed. Therefore its trade
should be excluded from the statistics of com-,
merce in the periods before and after the treaty.
No full and fair inference can be drawn from that
year, as it belongs to neither epoch. In 3853, the
year'before the treaty, our imports from the prov-
inces were $7,550,718 and our exports to them
were $13,140,642; leaving a balance in our favor
of less than $6,000,000; and the change was so
great that in 1855, the year after the treaty took
effect, our exports increased to $27,806,020, being
more than double those of 1853. As these im-
ports in 1855 were $15,136,734, the balance in
our favor the year after the treaty was more than
$12,600,000; a larger amount than we either sold
to or bought from them with one exception, in any
year before the treaty. Yet it is at least implied
by the member from Maine that when we made
the treaty there was anrtnally a balance in our
favor, paid to us in gold, of about sixteen million
dollars; a sum larger by about three millions
than we ever sold to them in any year whatever
before the year when the treaty was made.
I deeply deplore the misrepresentations which
are current on this subject. Do they proceed
from a conscious and willful desire to mislead us
on a subject of so greatimportance? I hope not.
I am not willing to think they do. Few national
injuries are more pernicious than the perversion
of facts in the national councils, thus misleading
and betraying the people by poisoning one of the
fountains whence they derive their information.
There may be some—I trust they are not many
—in this House who do notsec that however pop-
ular this kind of betrayal may be for a time, it
not only inflicts an injury upon our pecuniary in-
terests and our honor, but, creating and cherishing
a habitual sense of national injury and wrong, leads
us in the end to such results as we are now ex-
periencing in the deadly struggle between the
different sections of this Union. I attribute no
unworthy motives to any one, but whoever wil!
examine the official records of our own Govern-
m'entwili find that my statements are accurate.
It was said by the honorable member—he re-
peated the remark several times—that the balance
of our trade with the provinces is against us. The
statement appears slightly modified in his remarks
as printed in the Globe, but is substantially re-
tained there. Did he mean during the last year
of which we have official information? it was
then nearly two millions in our favor. Did he
mean during the whole time since the treaty went
into operation? In that time it was more than
twenty-six millions in our favor. There is noth-
ing vague about this. There is no mystery in the
figures. There is no need of passion or decla-
mation. The solution is as easy as that of any
school-boy sum in arithmetic or of any ordinary
settlementofaccounts between individuals. I find
my data on the sixth page of the letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury in answer to the reso-
lution of this House on the 17th day of last De-
cember, asking for information as to the operations
of this treaty. We asked him for information,
and it is furnished to us. Shall we ignore it, and
substitute for it such conclusions as our several
fancies may suggest? We may m this way point
a paragraph or lend some illusory brilliance to a
speech; but this is not statesmanship. It d* es
not accord with our duty to the nation. The bal-
ance of gold on which so much stress has been
laid was not paid by us to the provinces but by
them to us. It amounted to $26,445,692. This
is the state of affairs as to which the honorable
member says he "would if necessary use force to
put an end to an alliance so injurious."
The subject has been treated as if there were
no difference between paying money for foreign
gewgaws or costly luxuries and for such aiti-
cles as are daily and hourly necessary to the
support of our Army and Navy, and for that
yet larger army—the industrial army—the.labor-
mg population, on whom the existence of the
Army and Navy and of all classes of society
must depend. With exceptions too trivial to be
worthy of notice, all our importations free under
the treaty are the plainest necessaries of life. It
is an outrage upon the best and wisest princi-
ples of modern political science to tax them.
They are an essential part of all that enables us
to pay taxes, and support either. Army or Navy
-—of all that makes us strong or prosperous either
in war or peace. * •
There is another consideration to be regarded
in connection with this balance of trade in rela-
tion to these colonies—a reason why thfs trade is
not identical in principle with many other trans-
actions, but is an exceptional case. I will illus-
trate the point by a familiar and practical exam-
ple. It is readily understood that if a merchant
or dealer goes over to Canada, and there buys
certain articles—say, for instance, a thousand bar-
rels of flour or five thousand bushels of wheat—
he does an act which, so far as it goes, creates a
balance against the United States, to be paid in
gold or its equivalent. But if he sends the flour
or wheat over American railroads or canals to
Boston orNew York, and thence has it reshipped
to England, France, Cuba, or elsewhere, he, by
his series of actions, gives freight and profit to
our inland carriers and Atlantic shippers, employs
a large number of our people in various occupa*
tions, and brings home at last the original outlay,
increased by the additional sum invested for
freight, storage, commissions, and labor of vari-
ous kinds, together with additional profitforhim-
self, all in the same precious metal or its equiva-
lent., Gentlemen who reason as the honorable
member has argued forget that this nation has
commercial dealings; and that in such a case as
1 have described, u is quite as just to complain of
the balance of trade being against us as it would
be for a merchant who has extensive transactions
in all parts of the world to complain of the farmer
or manufacturer from whom he buys more than
he sells to him. lie buys fiom one man for the
purpose of selling to another.
While the honorable member takes a narrow
and limited view of our commercial relations with
the provinces, he has gone a long way back in
his statements as to the colonial policy of Great
Britain. He quoted certain laws enacted by the
Government of that country a hundred and fifty
years ago, ordaining that none of the colonial
trade should be carried in any but British vessels.
Since the time to which he referred five genera-
tions of men, with their inventions, their experi-
ence, and their changes, have lived and died. The
folly of those laws was long ago demonstrated.
They were tried, found wanting, and have been
repealed. Even the colonial tariffs discriminated
in favo£ of British and colonial produce and man-
ufactures until 1843, when these discriminations
were abolished. The colonies now make their
own tariffs and tax Butish manufactures at high
rates, to encourage pioduction in their own ter-
ritory. For several years—for all the years, so far
as I know—since the treaty the trade of Canada
with the United States was greater not only than
with Great Britain, but than with all other coun-
tries but our own added together.
I wish to accept facts as I find them. Should
I do otherwise I should be unworthy of a place
in this House, and false in my duty to my coun-
try. Coming down as closely as I can to the
present time and to the special point named by
the honorable member, I find on reference to our
own reports on commerce and navigation that
during the last five years the entries and clear-
ances of tonnage employed in carrying on the
trade between the United States and the British
Noith American provinces have been aboutfifty
per cent, in favor of this country. They were
20,763,512 of United States tonnage, and 13,844,-
910 of foreign tonnage.
A very large increase in our exports to the
provinces, both of our own manufactures and agri-
cultural produce and of goods of foreign origin,
did result from the treaty, as was reasonably ex-
pected. Our domestic exports increased from
$7,404,087 in 1853 to #15,806,042 in 1655 and
§>22,714,697 in 1356, having doubled and trebled
in periods of one and two years respectively. Our
exports of goods of foreign oiigm wore $5,736,555
in 1853, being larger in that year than they had
ever been before. In 1855, the year next after
the treaty, they were $11,999,378, having doubted
in full accordance /with the natural terKlericy of
the treaty. Misstatements rest on the official
authority of our own Government* They can-
not be refuted. No attempt has been raarfe to
meet them. No notice was taken of them' by the5
honorable member or by any gentleman who teas!'
spoken in oppositionto the resolutions of tb&'Gotti*"
mittee on Commerce. . - I
A few more words as to this balance of trade.'
Before the treaty Canada admitted the cereals aadi
many other products-free of duty. Consequently'
we sold to her .although we. refused to buy frorrt
her, The refeult was that a large amount of these
articles went abroad through the S>t. Lawrence*
to the injury of our merchants, canals, railroads,
seaports, ocean shipping, and of all classes of'
our population. The year after the treaty the
trade by the St. Lawrence decreased to the amount
of $15,203,600, and so soon asthe routes and mar-
kets of the United States were opened the wh&le
was transferred to our carriers', for in the samo
time the trade to the United States increased'
$15,856,624, or from #24,1*71*0% to $40,837,73ft-
In this way a change was made in the fi balance of
trade," and that change was beneficial. J • ' •
Much has been said in this connection about
the Alabama and the Florida. I fully concur with
those who have condemned the outrages perpe-
trated by these vessels. The honorable memfcfer
spoke at .some length of the southerly" port of
Nassau. I am unable to discover in liis remarks-'
upon this subject any adequate reason for our in--*
junng ourselves by curtailing or destroying a
profitable trade with the colowesin North*Amei>
ica, still less why we should not endeavor to make
it more profitable than it is, and to place it on a
just and equitable basis. Ho discussed at one
time two subjects which have no proper or logical
connection with each other. All such inquiries
as I have been able to make, and a careful study
of a considerable portion of the organs of pro-
vincial opinion, from day to day, since the be-
ginning of the war, have led me to the result
that although, as must be the case in every coun-
try where freedom of thought and utterance pre-
vail, where men think.and speak for themselves,
some will be right and some will be wrong, (and
the various myids of individual colonists have
arrived at very different conclusions as to the
present war, some taking the side of the South,
some friendly to the North, and approving of the
course of the Administration, and some equally
friendly, but believing that a different policy
would have been more conducive to our interests,)
the flagrant expressions adverse to us, and which
sometimes obtain wide circulation,are the words
•only of individuals or cliques, and not of the vast
majority or masses of the people of these provinces
on whom it is proposed as retaliation to inflict
commercial injuries which will equally injure our
own people, before we have made any effort to re-
move those obstacles which some years after the
treaty took effect have prevented each nation from
reaping the full benefits which would naturally
have accrued from it. I have already,in my pre-
vious remarks, explained the operation of the in-
creased tariffs of Canada, especially of the tariff
of 1859. These enactments, which substituted
artificial restrictions for free and natural laws,
should not be mistaken for the principles or re-
sults to which they are in direct contradiction. I
am desirous of remedying the evils thus created.
It is argued that the treaty has deprived us of
revenue. During the last year the imports and
exports between the United States and Canada
of articles free under the treaty were nearly equal.
If we levy duties on their productions, they may do
the same on ours. This principle is a two-edged
sword. Or they may admit our products free of
duty as they did before the treaty, and thus be
the carriers of a considerable portion of our prod-
uce as well as of their own. When a revenue
was paid to our Government on Canadian pro-
ductions, the provincial railroads and means of
communication were imperfect, and its popula-
tion was comparatively scanty. By renewing
the duties we shall dnve away the trade and render
our people less able to pay taxes. The utmost
amount of revenue the Government can derive
from duties on colonial productions is inconsider-
able compared with the loss of commerce we shall
sustain, and the consequent loss of employment
