1532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
There being no objection, Thursday next was
fixed for that purpose.
WIBOff OF ALFRED H. LYON-
Mr. K-ASSON introduced a resolution, which
was mid, considered, and agreed to, instructing
ijje Committee on Invalid Pensions to inquire
whether a pension ought not to be allowed to the
widow of Alfred M. Lyon, of Dcs Moines, Iowa,
late a sutler in the Army of the United States,
who joined his regiment as a soldier in the cam-
paign against Vicks'burgv in the spring of 1863,
and was killed when fighting with the regiment at
Black river; with leave to report by bill or other-
wise,
COURTS IS WASHINGTON TJflttUITOKT.
Mr. WILSON introduced a bill concerning
th& courts and judicial districts of the Territory
of Washington; which was read a first arid sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
INT12R-STATJE COMMERCE.
Mr. WILSON also introduced a bill to regu-
late commerce among the several States; which
whs read a first and second time, and leferred to
the Committee on Commerce.
NORTHERN INDIAN SUPERINTEN'DENCY.
Mr. HCJBBARO, of Iowa, introduced a bill to
abolish the Northern Indian sunciintendency;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
NAVAL DICVOT ON THIS LAKES.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, introduced a res-
oltUiQijauLhouzuig I he President (the Senate con-
curring) to appoint a commission of three com-
petent officers of the topographical corps lo ex-
amine the different harbors on Luke Champlain,
with a view to select a proper site for a naval
depot,and toreportnt theeaihestnmej ami moved
the previous question on Ms adoption.
Mr, ARNOLD. I ask the gentl <;mau to in-
clude the other lake? m that lesolu'ion.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I have no ob-
jection to that.
Mr. GRIN NELL. I ask the gentleman to in-
elude theMississippi river. I think it is perfectly
proper that it should be included.
Mr, BROWN, of Wisconsin. That is a dif-
ferent object entirely. I will suppoj t any ievo-
lution which the gentleman from Jowa may offer
for thatpurpo.se. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SCilENCIv. There is no topographical
corps; it has been meiged into the engineer corps
of the Army.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I make it the
cugincci corps of the Army.
Mr. SCHENCK. If it weie open to debate 1
would say that there ought to be a naval officer
on (he board; but it is not open to debate, and 1
do not say this. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleisnm ingoing to have thiscommission appointed
1  uk him u  embrace Cairo, Illinois.
Mi. BROWN, of Wisconsin. 1 cannot do so,
because H is on a different subject.
Mr. WASfciBUUNK, of Illinois. A naval
dfpot is in contemplation at Cairo, Illinois.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I demand the
previous rjue.sdon.
The House divided on seconding the demand
for the prev ious question; and there were—ayes
50, noes HO.
I heSPEAK ER (no quorum having vote'd) or-
dered telh is; and appointed Messrs. Brown of
Wisconsin ami Washburne of Illinois.
The pievious question was seconded, the tellers
having; lepmttd — ayes se\enty-one, noes not
counted.
The main question was then ordered.
The lesohmon was referud to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
PAYMASTER GENERAL.
Mi*. McINDOE introduced a bill regulating: the
appointment of the Paymaster General; which
was lead a first and second time, and leferred to
the Committee un xMihtaiy Affairs.
CALIFORNIA TOST ROUTES,
Mr. COLE, of California, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Rcsohed, That the Committee on the Po^t Office and
Po«t Roads be iii&mieted to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing a mail route from San fiucna Ventura, m Cali-
fornia, via Revenna City and Big Meadows on the Mobnrc
river to the sink of the Mobare river; and thence to Fort
Mobare on the Colorado river; and thence to Fort Whip-
pie and Santa Fe, New Mexico.
NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PEREA presented memorials of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico in reference to teriitorial
matters; which were referred to the appropriate
committees, and ordered to be printed.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, introduced a bill
amend&tpry of the organic act of Washington Ter-
ritory;^SHiich was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Territories.
DEBTS OF THE STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the next business to'be
resolutions calling for information lying over
under the rule.
The first was a resolution submitted January
7th last by Mr. Blaine, directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to report the amount of debt in-
curred m the several States in their efforts in sup-
pressing the rebellion.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 understand the object of my
resolution is accomplished by a bill Before the
Committee of Ways and Means, and 1 ask it to
lie over.
It was ordered accordingly.
VAYMKNT IN COIN.
The next was a resolution submitted January
7th last by Mi\Scofield, requesting the Secretary
of the Treasuiy to inform this House whether,
under existing legislation, the seven-thirty Treas-
ury note« will he paid in com.
Mr. FENTON mo\ed tlmt the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee of Way5* and Atenns.
The motion was agreed to.
EVACUATION Of CUMDEJU-AND GAP.
The next was a resolution submitted on Jan-
uniy lKih la^t by Mr. Cox, directing the Secre-
tary of War to communicate to this House copies
of a communication from Brigadier General Gr.
W. Morgan to Adjutant General Thomas, duted
Mount Vernon, Ohio, June 6, 1^63, the same
being in reply to that portion of the official i epoi t
of iViajor General llalleok relative to the evacu-
ation of Cumhetland Gap.
The resolution was laid over.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
oidei to be resolutions wheie debate has arisen
and which were laid ovci undei the mle.
DICTIONARY 01? CONGRESS.
The fn st was a resolution submitted December
14th last by Mr. Deming, to print the regular num-
ber of copies of a woi k prepared by the librai inn,
entitled A Dictionary of the United States Con-
gress, for the use uf the members of the. House.
Mr. DEMJNG withdrew the resolution.
OBJECTS OF THE WAR.
The next was a resolution submitted by Mr.
Finck on December 14th last, declanng that the
present warslml! be waged withoutfeehngofmeie
resentment, oppression, or subjugation, but to de-
fend and maintain the suprema< y of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. FINClv. I have said all I desired to in
refeience to that resolution on Januai y 28th lust.
Mr. COX, I demand the previous question on
the adoption of the r< solution.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. COX. I at>k rn y colleague to withdraw the
motion to lay upon the table. Tins is the Crit-
tenden icsolution, which has been adopted by the
lii'iise once already.
Mr. ASHLEY. I withdraw my motion.'
Mr. WILSON rent-wed it.
Mr. COX. demanded the yens and nays.
The yeas and nays were oitiered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afiiimativc—yeas b'l, nays 04; as follows:
Y CAS—Messrs Al'ev. Aili-on, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John 1>, l .ihhvm, I5a\tei, Herman, lUame, Bout-
well, Hoyd, Bsooinall, William G. Btown, Auibio-'e W.
CJatk, Freeman Claike, <J"hh, Cnie, Huurv Winter
Davits, Thomas T. Davis*, Doming, I>iiggs", Dumom, Eek-
ley, Eliot, Farnswortb, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Giniuell,
H'i"!>y, Iloopor, Hotehkt^, A&ahei XV. IJubh.ud, John H.
Hubbard, JenckesTtfuiiaii, Ka^on. I-Ceilej, Ftam-ib W.
K«Hosa, Orlando Rrllogg, Loan, JLuviti, AlcEiide, Me-
Cluiir,"Samuel F. Milici, Moinll, Daniel Moim, Amos
M>ers, Leonard Myei'-s, Notion, Chailes CTNfill. Oith,
Patterson, Pike, Pomerov, Pi ice, William II. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, Edward U. Rolling Scln-nck, Sco-
liold, Shannon, Floan, Smith, Hjmihc;rs,^paiding, Starr,
Stevens, Tiiajer, Thouias. Up>on,Van Vallo'tibiugiu EU-
hu 13. WaMihmne, Wtlh<un B. Washburn, Whaiey, Wil-
ham>, Wilder, Wil>oti, Window, and Woodbndge—81.
NAYS—Me^r*. Jmne* C. Alien, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Ausjumus C. Baldwin,Fiance P- Bkur, Bli^s, James
S. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Cofttoth, Cox, (Cravens, Daw-
son, Denton, Eden, lildiidue. English, Fmck, Ganson,
Gtider, Hale, Harding, Ihuiington, Benjamin G. Harris,
Ileuick.Holmun, Pluhp Jolm ( n, William Johnson, Ker-
nan, Kui?,Knapp, Law, Lazear, Long,Marey, ftleAHister,
McUowcll, McKinney, Middleten, Jatnea R. Morris, Morri-
son, Nelson, Od^U, I'endletou, Peny, Pruyn, Samuel J.Ran-
dall, Robin-on, Rogfois, James S. liolhn^. Ro«s, Scott, John
B.Steele, William ft. Steele, StrousC, Stuart. Svveai, Voor-
hees, Wehctei. Wheeler. Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Winficld, and Fernando Wood—64.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, stated that Mr.
Brandegee, of Connecticut, who was on his way
back from Connecticut to Washington, had been
called back by information of the death of a near
relative.
Mr. GRINNELL stated that Mr. Yeaman was
confined to his room by indisposition.
Mr. BLAINE stated that Mr. Rice, of Maine,
on the vote to-day, as well as on the important
votes of Saturday, was paired off with Mr. Rad-
fokd.
Mr. WINDOM stated that Mr. Donnelly was
detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. THAYER stated that Mr. Stii.es was
paned off with Mr. Moorhead.
Mr. HOLM AN stated that Mr. EDGERTONwas
confmrd to his room by sickness.
Mr. Me,KINNEY stated that Mr. Noble was
detained fiom his seat by sickness.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded .
Mr. WILSON moved to rcconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed lo.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fgr.yct,
their Secretary, notified the Houno that the Sen-
ate, in the absence of the Vice President, had
chosen lion. Solomon Fo«tas President pro tem-
pore of the Senai^?.
Tiie SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired.
TAX BILL.
Air. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have the tax bill, now before
the Committee of Ways and Means, printed for
the use of the Committee of Ways and Means.
It is a long and veiy important bill, and a more
cateful examination can begiven itand with much
greater facility in print than in manuscupt. I
hone there be no objection.
Atr. PRUYN. Js that meioly for the use of
the committee?
fir. MORRILL. Yes.
Mr. PRUYN. I move to amend the motion
by adding that the usual number be printed for
the use of the House. There are many members
heie who desire to see it.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon that. It is quite unusual. The
bill is simply yet before the committee, not per-
fected, and not ready to be reported.
Mr. GANSON. Will this motion to print in-
volve any additional delay?
Mr. MORRILL. None at all. It will rather
facilitate the bill.
Mr. PRUYN. 1 will not insist upon my
amendment.
The motion to print for the use of the commit-
tee was agreed to.
LEAVE TO VOTE.
Mr. SMITH. I ask unanimous consent to
recoiil my vote upon the resolutions of Saturday
in reference to the gentleman from Maryland.
No objection being made, Mr. Smith recorded
his vote in the affirmative on both resolutions.
Mr^ NORTON. I was confined to my room
on Saturday by severe sickness, and i ask the
consent of tiie House to record my vote upon the
several resolutions of Saturday.
