THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
should be brought to the attention of Senators,
and then the committee would make up their
minds as to what position they would take upon
the subject. We had no doubt that they would
take a favorable view of the subject.
M'1- TEN EYCK. I feel called upon to say a
word after the quite astringent remarks of the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cohness] last evening
upon the course I had taken, and upon his appeal
to the Senator from Rhode Island just now to
make a statement when I was called upon to
make a statement. I am glad the Senator from
Rhode Island has made his statement.
The Senator from California expressed his pro-
found astonishment that I should have made the
statement I did last evening before the Senate.
That, I may be allowed to say, was a very un-
gracious return for what I may perhaps b.e led to
say is the truth, that had it not been for my rec-
ommendation his bill never could have seen day-
light this session before the Senate; but out of con-
sideration to the Senator who I myself had invited
to appear before the committee and make a state-
ment, and inasmuch as this was an important
measure, I agreed to allow it to be reported. I
wanted to have it examined. I was inclined fa-
vorably toward the bill. It is my impression
now that the bill ought to pass, and I expect to
give my vote for it, and did from the beginning;
but, according to the statement of certain persons,
it involved the question of the continuation of the
California steamship lines; it involved the raising
of the passage money to double the present
amount; and it involved a discontinuance of the
power on the part of steerage passengers to go
from the Atlantic coast to the golden coast of the
Pacific.
Whether that is so or not, I cannot eay; but it
was a matter of sufficient importance for this Sen-
ate to know something about, and it was the wish
of the committee that the subject should come be-
fore the Senate, and,according to my understand-
ing, should remain reported, and that wo would
act upon it at tlic next session. The Senator from
Rhode Island understands that.
Mr. SPRAGUii. I do not think that was the
lUKlcrstandinu'.
Jii'.TEN EYCK. I have understood the Sen-
ator to say what his understanding was. I'sim-
ply slate what mine was. We do not understand
it exactly alike;; but it comcs to about the same
thing. _
Having said this much, I have no objection to
the pctMM«vof this hill, and if it should be brought
befeiv the S< ato 1 shall vote for it.
Mr. OONNRSS. If the Senator took what I
said *!'•; being offensive to him, it gives mo great
to withdraw it. The only thing I shall
buy m advocacy of this bill after it shall be taken
up will be to cull for the reading of a single para-
graph of a letter from tho American consul at
A^innwall; and if the Senate then will not pass
the bill, 1 Hindi bo peifectly satisfied With what-
ever disposition they may make of it.
't in- <{U< sunn being put, there wcie, on a divis-
ion-—ayes 10 
;\I r. (.'ONJNKSS, I call for the yeas and nays.
The yea.-j and nays were ordered.
A11. WlL'SO;Y. Can 1 make a report from a
committee of eonfeirnco now?
Air. CONNIE. 1 hope the report will berc-
cuved pending tho vote.
The IHlEolDiNQ- OFFICER. There is a
motion pending, and no other business can be
entertained except by the unanimous consent of
the Senate. The Senator from Massachusetts
u*ks unanimous consent to make a report from a
committee oi conference. The Chair hears no
objection, and the report will be received.
AMENDMENT OF CONSCRIPTION LAW,
Mt. WILSON. The committee of conference
on ihe disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. R. jNo. 549) further to legulate and
piovitle fur the enrolling and calling out the na-
tional toi oes,and for other purposes, have agreed
upon a icfoit, which I will send to the desk and
ask to have lead.
Mr. H LNDUICKS. I suggest that the chair-
inu ! mak jig this report shall read it, and as he
tuch dause shall explain it so that the
Senate may know what it is. When the report
is tead m n lump by the Secretary we cannottell
much about it.
Mr. WILSON. The Secretary had better read
the report, and I wiii explain it when he gets
through,
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of tiT& two Houses on tlie bill (H. II. No. 549) to further
regulate and provide lor the enrolling ami calling out the
national forces, having met, after full and tree conference
have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their re-
spective Houses as follows:
1. TJiat the Senate do recede from its amendment to the
House bill, and agree to the said bill with the following
amendments*.
2. After the word "township" in line six of section
one, insert the words " ward of a city."
3. After the word "district" In the seventh line, section
one, insert the words "or of a county not sosubdivided-"
4. In tiie eighth and ninth lines of section one stoke
out the words "and substitute."
5. In the twelfth line, section one, strike out the word
"two" and insert "one."
6. In line thirteen, section one, strike out the word
"three" and insert the woid " two."
7. In line fifteen, secuon one, stake out the word "four"
and inseit " three."
8. In linn fifteen,section one, strike out llie word "half"
and insert the word "third."
9. In line seventeen, section one, strike out the word
"fourth" and insert the woid " third."
10. In the eighteenth line, section one, strike out the
word " fouith" and insert the word " third."
11. In hue twenty-one, section one, after the word
" none "strike out the words " to ins legal representatives,"
and inseit the words "to his mother, if she be a widow."
12. After the woid " representatives"m the twenty-sec-
ond line, section one,strike out the residue of said section.
13. In line two, section two, after the word " ward" in-
sert the words "ofa city."
14. In line foui, section two, strike out the word "sixty"
and insert the woid " lifty."
15. In line iive, section two, after the word " shall" in-
sert the word "immediatelyand that the House do agiee
to said sections as? amended.
16. Inline four, sectiontluee,afterthe word "rebellion"
insert the words " except the States of Arkansas, Tennes-
see, and Louisiana and that the House do agree to the
said section as amended.
17. In lines twelve and thntcen, section five, strike out
the word " knowingly."
18. In line eighteen, .section five, strike out the words
"and unconditionally."
It). In line eighteen, section live, after the woid " dis-
eluuged" iiiseit the woids " upon repayment of ait boun-
ties received."
110. In line nineteen, section five, after the word "offi-
cer" insert the woid " who."
Sii  In the same line alter the word " shall" insert the
wouh " knovMugly enlist any person under sixteen years
of .igc shall and that the lluuse doagree to said section
as amended.
in line ten, section six, strike out the word " fifty"
and inseit the vvouls " one hundred;" and the IIoikc do
agiee to wild section as amended.
"a\i. Add at the end ot s( ction eight the following woids :
"upon satisfactory proof of their ies-idcuce made to the
Secietary ofVVm and that the House do agiee to said
suction as amended.
111. In line four, fcccdon ten, strike out all ot Mid section
aftei the woid " the" and insert the following m lieu
* theieot: " the piovisions ot the seventeenth section of an
act approved Feb tinny 2-1,1861, entitled * An act to amend
an act entitled 4 An aet foi eniolling and calling out the
national foices, and foi other pui poses,'" approved March
3, J3G3;' and that the House agiee to said section as
amended.
Si3. Add the following as section eleven : "7?e it further
cnactcds That nothing cont.iim'd jn tin* act shall be eon-
Miued to alt<r or change ibe piovii-ions ot existing laws
relative to permitting persons liable to nulitaiy service to
furmsh&ubstitutes;" and both Hou-e^ngieetosaid amend-
ment. HENltY WILSON,
II. S. LANE,
ft. I).MORGAN,
Manage) s on the fmt of the Senate.
j. a. garfield,
N. H.saimiEKis;
Mum* as on the part oj the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 will ask the chairman of
the committee of conference to explain these
changes. We cannot well understand what are
material by the mere leading of the report.
Mr. WILSON. I will endeavor to explain
the mateiial points in tho report. Nearly all of
these changes were made in the House bill the
other night by the Senate. The first section
of the House bill provided for a bounty of §200
to any person who would enlist for one year;
§300 for two years, and $400 for three years. The
committee have changed that so as to give a
bounty of $100 to the man who enlists for one
year, $200 for two years, and $300 for three years.
Mi. JOHNSON. A reduction of §100 in each
year.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. In the next place
the original bill provided that a person who was
drafted should get no bounty, but if he obtained
a substitute the substitute should receive the
same bounty as though he had volunteered. The
bill as it originally stood then would discourage
1 personal service and encourage the procuiement
of substitutes. The committee struck out that
provision, so that volunteers only will get the
bounty and not substitutes.
Then the original bill provided that one half of
this bounty should be paid to the soldier at the
time of his being mustered into the service, one
fourth at the expiration of half his term of ser-
vice, and one fourth at the expiration of service.
The committee have changed that so that he will
receive one third of the bounty at the time of en-
listment, one third when half his time is out, and
one third at the expiration of his term of service.
We paid one fifth of our lastbounties at the time
of enlistment; now we propose to pay one third.
The House bill provided that we should pay one
half down, which seemed to look very much like
encouraging bounty-jumping.
Then "the last two lines of the first section of
the House bill are stricken out.
Mr. JOHNSON. What were they?
Mr. WILSON. I will read them:
And in case he is honorably discharged by reason of
wounds or sickness incuncd in the service in the line of
his duty, he shall receive full bounty.
It was believed that that clause would have a
disorganizing influence in the Army. There are
so many different complaints and forms of sick-
ness that may manifest themselves, that to pay a
full bounty in those cases would be furnishing an
inducement to men to attempt to get off in that
way; and the committee therefore struck out that
clause.
The House bill provided that the bounty to be
paid to the volunteer should, in case of his death
while in service, go to his widow, his children,
or to his legal representatives. This reportpro-
vides that it shall go to his widow, his children
if he have any, or his mother if she be a widow.
Mr. JOHNSON. And there stop?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. Then the second
section of the House bill allowed sixty days for
each district to fill up its quota by volunteering
prior to a draft. The Senate the other day made
it forty days. The committee report in favor of
making it fifty days, and after that time the Presi-
dent is to immediately order a draft, so that the
people may feel and know that there will be a
draft if the quota is not filled and that there will
be no further postponement.
The changes in the fifth section are immaterial,
merely correcting the form without changing the
sense.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should like to know
exactly how that section stands as reported by
the conference committee.
Mr. WILSON. It provides that minors under
sixteen years of age shall be discharged from the
service on the repayment of the bounties they
have received, and any officer who shall know-
ingly enlist any person under sixteen years of
age is to be dismissed the seivice. The section
stands substantially as it was amended by the
Senate the other day.
In the eighth line of the sixth section the word
" fifty" is stricken out and " one hundred" sub-
stituted, so that they may make a draft of one
hundred per cent, in addition to the number re-
quired to fill the quota of any district. Experi-
ence has shown that about fifty per cent, of the
men diafted are held. .By drafting one hundred
per cent, additional we shall avoid the necessity
of drafting oyer and ovei again to fill one call, and
save all that time and expense.
The eighth section of the House bill provided
for crediting all enlistments of seamen to the dis-
trict in which they reside. The committee retain
thatsectionwith this modification: in the seventh
line to insert "upon satisfactory proof of resi-
dence;" so that it throws the burden of proof
upon the community claiming to have credit for
seamen, and the proof is to be made satisfactory
to the War Department. If they cannot prove it
clearly they do not get any credit for them.
I shall now explain the action of the committee
on the third section of this bill allowing the en-
listment of men in States declared to be in rebel-
lion. The section as it originally came to us in
the House bill was as follows:
Sec. 3. JinAbe it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful tor the Executive of any of the States to semi reci inting
agents into any of the States declared to oe m reoelhon 16
reciuit volunteer under any call under the piow-ions of
this act, who shall be credited to the State, and to tho
respective subdivisions thereof, which may proeuto the
enlistment,
