2508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
to the laborer and profit to the merchant or capi-
talist.
Under a reciprocal system, instead of attempt-
ing to make money by restriction and injuries,
each will partake of those natural advantages
which have appropriately and eloquently been
termed " the gratuities of nature." Otherwise,
if a restrictive policy is mutually adopted, we
destroy the trade of such ports as Oswego and
Portland, and two or three men will be employed
to do the work of one.4 as in the case of compel-
ling the Canadians to carry sugar from Cuba to
Toronto round by way of the St. Lawrence in-
stead of carrying it ourselves for adequate remu-
neration to the benefit of our people through New
York,BoatOo, or Portland; or, in the case of coal,
compelling the people of each country to carry
this essential element of success from remote
mines, hundreds of miles from the places where it
is used. It is as necessary to the comfort and
maintenance of the poor as to the accumulations
and luxuries of the rich. It saves labor, enabling
one man, through the creation and application of
steam, to do the work of twenty. Thus it cre-
ates wealth and power, diffusing its beneficent
results through every department of society on
each side. It is a just illustration of the whole
subject. Let us placc no fetters upon these bene-
ficial exchanges, nor compel the people of either
country to a perpetual system of labor jn vain,
wdteting in circuitous Routes the labor and capi-
tal which might be piofitably expended. The
waste of labor is a waste of human beings and
of life.
As to smuggling, which it is said exists to a
great extent on our. frontier, I ask if it is likely
to be diminished by the increased duties created
by our own recent tanfls, or by entering upon a
system of commercial hostilities with the whole
population of the provinces and stimulating all
their sympathies in favor of the smuggler. Neither
we nor they are alone in the world, or can carry
out m all respects our own wishes and desires.
England and France, with a most expensive and
numerous coast-guard, were never able to prevent
smuggling except by mutual iibeiahty. Still loss
can we pievent it from countries which are so
near to us that a mcichant,may have one half of
his store in the United States and the other in the
provinces. Already two fine porta exiat in Can-
ada. All goods from the United States, from
Franc,e, Germany, England, and all other parts
of the world, are admitted free of any duty into
these ports, which arc not, as might be inferred
from their names, mere cities. One of them in
the Northeast extends, at the mouth of the St.
Lawrence, over a sea-coast twelve or fifteen hun-
dred miles incxtent. The other" free port" is in
the Northwest,and,under the name of Sault Ste.
Mario, includes practicality a coast on Lukes Hu-
ron and Superior and their islands of more than
one thousand miles in extent. Do those who op-
pose the appointment of commissioners and our
whole system of reciprocity think it is wise to reject
all approach to any unity of legislation between
ua and the provinces, and impel them to an ex-
tension of anything like this system of free ports,
whioh already extends over some twenty-live hun-
dred miles <>t coast, until it prevails over the re-
mainder of the pro vinces ? It is a case where each
Government can assist the other or injure it.
Various memorials from different parts of the
United States have been presented to Congress
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
They proceed from persons having distinct in-
terests and living, some of them on the western
and some ol them on the eastern extremity of-our
frontier. Although they all unite m requesting
modifications of the treaty, not one of them is m
favor of its unconditional abrogation. There is
no exception. The State of Maine in March last,
through its Legislature, passed resolutions decis-
ively m lavor of the appointment of commission-
ers to negotiate a more extended and impartial
system of commercial relations with the prov-
inces; and in my opinion scarcely any State in
the Union has a stronger interest in a liberal set-
tlement of this question.
After mature deliberation, the Committee on
Commerce believes that the appointment of com-
missioners on both sides to consult together as to
the course most conducive to our mutual interest,
combines more advantages than any other plan.
The treaty was made between the United Statesand
Great Britain, but as regards the management of j
financial affairs the colonies are independent of "
Great Britain. More than this, the British North
American colonies of Canada, New Brunswick,
Nova Scotia, Prince Edward's Island, and New-
foundland are commercially distinct and independ-
ent of each other, each placing the other provinces,
and the United States, Great Britain, France, and
other countries upon a footing ofequality as regards
importations. The subject involves on our side
an adjustmentof the interests of the eastern, cen-
tral, and western States—an earnestand full con-
sideration of the course best adapted to promote
manufactures, agriculture, and commerce, and the
removal of such restrictions as exist, by means of
the legislation of Canada, inconsistent with the
general expectations when the treaty was made.
No other plan can bring the parties whose inter-
ests are involved so closely and directly into com-
munication with each other, and its importance
demands the full and undivided attention of able
and comprehensive statesmen.
I will say in audition that the terms of the res-
olution do not seem to be fully understood. The
resolution contemplates that the notice shall be
given at the proper time unless in the interim a
convention shall have met and agreed upon a
treaty based upon the true principles of recipro-
city, and that whenever Great Britain shall indi-
cate a willingness to enter into negotiations for
that purpose, the President is authorized to ap-
point commissioners to ascertain on what terms
such a treaty can be made.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following j
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 407) authorizing the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service between
the United States and Brazil; and
An act (U. K. No. for the relief of the
citizens of Denver, in the Temtory of Colorado. j
RECXi'ROCITY TREATY ltliSt'MBfl.
The SPKAKlilt. The first question is upon j'
the amendment offeied by the gentleman fiom j
Illinois, [Mr. Arnoli ,] which will be reported
by the Clerk. ^ j
The amendment was i eported, and is as follows: j
Sti ike out u and required to give notiee to the Govern- ;
mont of the United Kingdom oi Cieat Biiiam .uul belaud |
ihat a i> the wish and intention ot the Government ot the j
United Struts of America to terminate the ft aid treaty at j
the end of twelve niomhi- fiom the expnauon often years j
fiom ihe tune when Hie said neary went into operation as
<'ifbr<\-nid, such notice to he given at the e.\ptMiion ot the j
Mild teim ot ten je,u-, to the end th.tf Urn s.nd treaty may j
be abrogated its mhhi as il can be done nnch'i the pious- 1
inns flirt oof, unless- a new convention shall betoie that
tunc l>e concluded in*! ween tie- twoGovj unions |>y vvIik h ;
die provblon^ shall he abioirated or t>o modined <e> to he i
mutually satisfactory to both CoveiumenW: and that the '
President ofihe United States be, and he is hereby, author- I
ized to appoint thiee eomiui^ioiioi-,, by and with the ad- ,
vico and conceal ot* the Senate, lor the revision of said [
tieaty, ami to confer with othet comnn-Moners duly an- I
tlioii/.ed therefor, win never n tdiall appear to be the wir-h (
of the. Government of Client Biitam to negotiate a new ,
treaty between the two Governments and the people of j
both eountiics, ba<u>d upon true principles of rceipiocity, :
ami toi the lemoval of existing ditlienltiessmd insert in ]
lieu theicot the following:
By and u nil the adviee and consent of the Senate, toap- ;
point three conmiNsiom rs to lonfei with prions duly '
authoiUed by Gicat Britain in that behalt.to negotiate a j
new treaty, baaed upon the true pnneiple- of leeipiocay >
between the uvoGoveinmentsand the peopleot both conn- ;
tuep, with the view of enlarging the hasirf ot the present 1
treaty, and tor the removal of custom ditheu!ne-<: Pro-
vided, That in ease no new treaty shall be agreed to by <
both Government, shea, in mi<.1i oa-e, the Pjendent H
hereby authorized, in hudi-eietion, to give the notice term- j
inatmg said neaty accoidsng to the provisions" iheieof. ,
Mr. ARNOLD demanded the yeas and nays ,
on tho amendment, and tellers upon the yeas and j
nays. |
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Chanlkr and j
Mr. Ames were appointed. |
The House divided; and the tellers reported— ;
ayes forty-three; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 97; as follows:
YKAS Messsr-. Jame> C. Allen, Aucona, Arnold,
Baiiy, John D. Baldwin. Jamer- fc*. Rtoun, William G.
Biow'n, Cobb. Cox, Ciavens, Thomas T. Davis, Denton,
j Donnelly, Eden, Edgeiton, Fldridge, lunek, Gridei, Gns-
I wold, Hall, Harrington, Chailes M. flam--, A'-aiiei^ VV.
S Hubbard, llutchms, William Johnson, Kalbfleasch, King,
! Knapp, liaaear, Lc Blond? Lutlejfdm, Marcy, McAHistei,
McDowell,Mclndoc, William H.Miller, JamesIi. Moms,
Morrison,Noble, Price, William H. Randall, Jame** S Kol-
Jinsj Ross, Sloan, John B. Steele, William G. skeeP, Utiles,
Strouse, Sweat, Tracy;, Voorhees, Wheeler, Joseph W.
White, and Windom—o4.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob B. Blair, BoutwelU Bnjd,
lirandegce. Brooks, Broomall,Clianler, Ambrose V\. Clark,
Freeman Claike, Cole, Creswell, Dawes, Dawson, Denning,
Dixon, Eckley, Eliot, English, Farnsworth, Fetuois, Fiank,
Ganson, Gai field, Gooch,Grinne\l, Hale, llaidmg, Iiolman,
Hooper, Hoicbkiss, togersoll, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Ju-
lian, Kas.^on, Kellev, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
Kerrian, Law, Loan, Long, Lonsyear, Mallory, McBnde,
McClurg, Middieton, SamuelF Miller,Moorhead, MomM,
Daniel Morris, Amos Mjers, Leonard Myeis, Nelson,
Charles O'Neill, Oith, Pauer&on, Ferham, Peiiy, Pike,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, liadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander
II. Rice, John H. Hiee, Robinson, Edward M. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofield, Wcott, Shannon, Smith, ^mithers. Ste-
vens, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkcuburgli, Wads-
worth, Ward, Elihu B. Wa^hburiie, William B. Wash-
burn, Webstei, Chilton A. White, Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son, Winfield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—97.
-So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DRIGGS stated that he was called out
a few moments since to see a wounded soldier,
and had paired olf with Mr. Bliss, who was still
absent.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE stated that he was paired
olf with Mr. Alley; that he would have voted
in the affirmative, while Mr. Alley would have
voted in the negative.
The question next recurred on the substitute
offered by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] for the resolution reported from the
Committee on Commerce.
The substitute is as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized, at his di&eietion, to give to the Gov-
ernment of Gieat Britain the notice icquiied by tho fifth
:irti<Me of the said reciprocity treaty of Hie otb oi June, A.
D. 1854, for the teumnauon of the same.
Mr. WAS£lBULlNE,of Illinois, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 74, nays 8^; as follows:
YP,AS—Messrs. Ailit-on, Ames, Baxter, Beamnn, Blaine,
Jaeob B. Blair, Bovd, Bi.mde-ree, Bioomaii, William G.
Blown. Ambrose W. Ciaik, <;ole,<,it>\veli, Uemy Winter
Davis, Dawes-, Denninr, Jv kley, Engh-h, FcotOci, Frank,
Gaitie'd. (i'lnnell, Hale, llolman. Hooper, Hotehkiss A'a-
hel W. iluiibaid, John il. ilubbaid. llullmrd, lmiursol),
JeneJccs, Julian. ICas>.on, Kelley, Francis \V7. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Loan, Long)eai.'McBnd^, McClurg, Samuel
K. Miller. IMoorhead, Moirill, Daniel Morris, Amo*. Myei.s
J.eonnrd Myers, Cimrlrrs O'Neill. Ortli, P<Uter-on, Pr'rham,
Pike, Pomerov. William U- Randall, John U. Rice, Edward
II. Rollins, tiVhenck, Scofield, Shannon, Smith, Snutb-
eis, Pp.ildmg, Stevens?'J'hayer, Tjacy, Upron,^Van N ai-
kenbnrgh, Wad^woith, EUhu B. Washbinne, William B.
Washburn, Webster, Whaley, William?, Wilder, and Wil-
son—14.
NAVS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Arnold. Baily,
An ustus C. Baldwin, John I). Baldwin, Bontwell, Biook-,
James S. Brown, Chanler, Cobb, Co\, Ciavens. Thomas
T. Davis, Daw^m, Dornson, Diaoji, Donnelly, ICden, Ed-
yorton, lOUhidge, Eliot. Fanwwoi tb, Finek, (.Jan-on, Gooeh,
Gilder, Grisavold, Hall, Hauling, liariington. Chailes M.
llan U, Hutciiins, Philip Jolin.-on, William Johnson, Kaib-
f!eiM*h,Keni<in,King, Knapp, Law, La/.eai, Le Blond, Lit-
tlo|olui,Lon'i. Malloiv, Marey, Me \ llntei, McDowell. Mc-
Indoe, 'Middleton, William H. Miller, Jauie> U. 3Ioins,
Slot i i^ou, Nelson, Noble, Pendleton, Perry, Price, Pruyn,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander 11. Ric-'\ Robm^oa,
James Itollins, Ro^s, Scott, Sloan, John 13. Steele, Wil
ham il. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Sweat, Thomas. Voorhees,
Wai d, Whpelci, Chilton A- White, Jo>eph W. White, Wiu-
dom, Wmlield, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—82.
So tho substitute was not agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative but that he was paired
olf with Mr. Alley.
Mr. DRIGGS stated that he should have voted
in the affirmative had he not been paired oil.
Mr. J. W  WHITE stated that Mr. McKin-
ney had gone to Fredericksburg to look after
some wounded soldiers.
Mr. FRANK stated that Mr. Marvin was de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. FARNSWURTH moved to rcconsidcr the
vote by which the amendment was rejected.
Air. SLOAN moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNS, oflllinois,demanded the
yeas and nays on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
' the affirmative—yeas 80, nays 74; as follows:
YEAri—James C. Allen, Aircomi, Arnold, naily,
i Augm-fiis C Baldwin, John 1"). Kaldvwn,Boutwell, Brarido-
. see, Biook<, Jame.s S. Brown, Chanler, Cobb, Cotl'roth,
Cox, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson. Denton, Di.xon, Don-
