1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nelly, Eden, Edgerton, Eldudge, Eliot, Pinek, Ganson,
Gooeh,Grider,Guswold, Hall, Harding, Harrington,Charles
M. Hams, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, William Johnson,
KaHirtelscli,Kernan,Kma:,Knapp,L aw,T. azPar,Le Blond,
Littlejohn, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McDowell, Mclndoe,
Middleton, William H.Miller, James R. Moru<?, Morrison,
.Nelson, Noble, Pendleton, Terry, Price, Prtiyn, Samuel J.
Randall, Alexander 11. Rice, llobmson, James S. Rollins,
Ross, Scott, Sloan, Spalding, John R. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles:, Strouse, Sweat, Thoma*, Ward, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Windom, Winfield,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison,Ames.Baxter,Beaman, Blaine,
Jacob 13. Blair, Boyd, BroomalJ, William G. Brown, Am-
biose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Colo, Creswell, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Deminsj, Eckley, English, Farns-
woith, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Grinnell, Hale, Holrnan,
Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
II ulburd. Ingersoll, Jcnckes, Jul mn, JCasson,Kelley, Francis
W. ICcHo??, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, McBride,
McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ns, Amos Myers, Leomud Myers, Charles O'Neill, Urth,
I Pattoison, Porham, Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Randall,
John II. Ricc, Edward II. Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shan-
non, Smith, Smithers,Stevens,Thayer,Tiacy,Upson, Van
Valkenbuigh, Wadswmth, Elihu B. Watrhburne, William
B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, and
Wilson—74.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question recurred on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move to lay the joint
resolution on the table. I think we had better
let the treaty run another year.
Mr. FENTON demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask that the joint resolu-
tion be reported.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report ihe
joint resolution, and also the preamble, as the
motion to lay the resolution on the table carries
the preamble with it.
The Clerk read the pieamble and resolution as
follows:
Whereas, undei the tieatymade by the United States
with Gioat Biitam, proclamation of which was made by
the President of the United States on the 11th of Septem-
ber, 1854, for the purpose of extending reciprocal trade
between the Briti-h Noith American eoiomes and the
United States, neaily all the ai tides which Canada has to
fell are admitted into the United States free of duty, while
heavy duties aie nowiniposed upon many ot those articles
which the people of the United States have to sell with
the intention of excluding: them from the Canadian mar-
kets; and whereas the President of the United States, in
the first ^es^ioii of the Tlmty-Sixth Conptc^ij, caused to
be submitted to the House of Repiesentatives an official
report setJim* foith the inequality and injustice existing in
our present inteicouise with Canada, &utivei>ive of the
title intent of the treaty, owing to the -ailwequent legisla-
tion of Canada; and whereas by the fifth aitielo ot the
treaty provision was made that it -should remain in force
for ten years tiom the date at which it>hould ;;o into op-
  eration, and further until the expiration of twelvemonths
after cither of the high conti acting paities should give no-
tice to the other of us wifh to terminate the same, each
of the lnph contacting parties being at liberty to give «uch
noticc to the other at Ihe end of the said term often years,
or at any time afterward.-; and wheieas by a tuither proc-
lamation lulled by the Piesident of the United Slates,
beating date the 16th day of March, it was declared
that the said treaty should go into effect and be observed
on the pait of the'United States; and whereas it is desir-
able that friendly lelations should be continued between
the United States and the British Noitii Ameiican piov-
lnees, and tiiat commercial intercourse should he hereaf-
ter earned on between them upon pnnciples teciprocally
beneficial and satisfaeinry to both parties : Theiefore,
Be }t resolved f>y the Senate und House of Representatives
of the United State* of America in Coupons assembled. That
the i'rc-ident ot the United States be, and he i> heieby, au-
thorized and requned to give notice to the Government of
the United Kmadom of'Great Bntam and Ireland that it is
the wish and intention of the Government ol the United
States of Amei ica to terminate the said treaty at the end of
twelve months ftotn the expiiation ot ten yeais from the
time when the said treaty went into operation as aforesaid,
fdich notice to be given at the txpuatiou of the said term of
ten veais, to the end tiiat the said treaty may be abrogated
as soon as it can be done under the piovisions thereol, un-
less a. new convention shall befote that time be concluded
between the two Government- by which the provisions sh.ill
be abrogated or so modified as to be mutually teatisl.iclory
to both Governments; and that the Piesidentof ihe United
Stales be, and he is heieby, authorised to appoint tlnee
comnu^ioijeis, bj and with the. advice and consent of Ihe
Senate, foi the revision of said trealy, and to confer with
other commissioneis duly aiithonzed therefor, whenevei it
shall appear to be the wish of the Government of Great
Bi nam to negotiate a new treaty between the two Govern-
ments and the people of both countries, based upou tiue
principles of recipiociiy, and for the leniovalot existing
ditfieuitiesi.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 7G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alison. Ame=, Baxter, Beaman, Boyd,
Bioomal!, Wiinam G. Brown, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Ciaveus,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Deming, Eckley, JJden,
English, PdiusworlhjGarfield, Grider,Grinnell, Hale, Hall",
Harrington, Chatles M. Harris, Hnlman, Hoopei, Asahel
W. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Philip Johnson, William
Julian, Ivaspon, Kelley, Fianeis W, Kellogg, King, Law,
Le Blond, Loan, Longvean McBiule, McClurg, Middleton,
Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Morrison, Amos Myers,
Leonard Myers, Chaile& O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Price,
William H. .Randall, Edward H. Rollins, Jame* S. Rollins,
Ross, Schenck, Shannon, Smith, Smithers, William G.
Steele. Stevens, Stiles, Strouse., Thayer, Tracy, jjJliliu B.
Wasbburne, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Williams,. Wil-
der, and Wilson—73. ' * , "
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John P. Baldwin, Blaine, Boutwell,
Braridegee, Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose
W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, CoftYoth, Thomas T. Davis,
D wet>, Dawson, Dixon, Db nelly, Edgerton', Eldridge,
Eliot, Fenton, Finck, Frank, Ganson, Gooch, Gn&wold,
Hotchkiss, John ,H. Hubbard, Hulbuid, Ilutchins, Jenckes,
Kal6fleisch, OrlanfeV) Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp. Lazear,
Littlejohn, Long, Mallory, Marcy, McAllister, McDowet,,
Mclndoe, William H. Miller, James It. Morris, Nelso ,
Noble, Pendleton, Perham, Perry, Pike, Pomeroy, Pruj-i,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice. John ff.
Rice, Scofield, Scott, Sloan, Spalding. John 1>. Steele,
Sweat, Thomas, Upson, Van Valkenhurgb, Wad* worth,
Ward, William B. Yva>hlmin, Whaley, Joseph W. White,
Windom, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—76.
So the House refused to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WARD demanded the previous question
on the preamble.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under the operation
thereof the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to postpone the joint
resolution till the second Tuesday in December
next.
Mr. WARD. Is that motion in order after the
previous question being seconded?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
called on the preamble, and exhausted itself.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question on the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. What would
be the effect of postponing the joint resolution?
Several Members. The effect would be to
postpone it. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It would bo postponed till
the second Tuesday in December.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. In the mean time
could action be taken on a new report from the
Committee on Commerce?
The SPEAKER. If the committee were called
again, it might leport another bill on the same
subject.
IVlr. STEVENS. Will not this joint resolu-
tion, if postponed, come up as a matter of course
next session ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up immediately
after the ship-canal bill, which has been post-
poned until the second Tuesday in December.
[Laugh ter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think that is a good
reason why this joint resolution should go over
to next session. 'If we postpone canal proposi-
tions, we had better also postpone propositions
in rcgaid to our trade and cmnmcice,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois,demanded the
yeas and nays on the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 77, nays 72; as follows:
Y12 AS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnoid; Baxter, Beaman,
Boyd, Biandegee, Bioomall, James S. Brown, William G.
Blown, Cobb, Cole,Co\, Craven.-*,Cieswell, Homy Winter
Davts, Denung, I2ekle>, Hden, Rldndge, English, Farns-
woith, Fiank, Garfield, Gunnell, Hah-, Hall, Charles M.
Uarri-s Hooper, Asahel W. ilubbard, ingcisolI. PhilipJohn-
don.WiJinim Johnson, Kelley, Fiauci  W. Kellogg, Orlando
Kellogg, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Littlejohn, Loan, Long-
ycar/McBiide, McCimg, Mclndoe, Moorhead, Morrill,
fhmiei Moiris, Moirison,'Amos Myers, Leonnrd Mjers
Chaiie- O'Neill, Orth, Pa'ttei-on, Pike, Price, William H.
Randall, John II. Rice, Edw aid 11. Rollins, Ross, Schenck,
Scoiield, Shannon. Smith, Smuhets, William G. Steele,
Steven-1, Stiles,Thayer. Tracy,Eldiu 1J. Wushbuine,Whee-
ler, Chilton A. White, Williams,Wilder, Wilson, and Win-
dom—177.
NAYS—Messr?. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John 1) Baldwin, Ctaine, Jacob B Blan. Bout-
well, 13rooks, Chanlei. Ambio&e W. Claik. Freeman Clarke,
Cofhofb, Thomas T. l)avi-<, Dawe-, Dawson, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Ldg< rton, Eliot, Fenton, Frank, Ganpon, Couch,
Gr (ier. Crissvoid, Hai(iing, Tlolman, IlotchkKs, Hulbuid,
Ilureliiii--, Jenckes, Juhnn, Ka!liflei*eh, Ka< on, Kernan,
King, Knapp, Eong, Malloi v,McAllister, MeDowell, Mid-
dleton. Samuel F. .Miller,William H. Miller, Janie- H -Mor-
ris, NeNon, Noble, Pendleton, Peiham, Peiry. Pouieioy,
Pruyn, Kadlord, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander II. Rue,
Scott, Sloan, Spalding. J'>hn B. Steelti, Sweat, Thomas,
I'pson, Van Valkenbingh, Wadsworth, Waul. William B.
Washburn, Webster^, Wfeatey, Jogeph W. White, Winfield,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—72., , : ■ - , ,
So the .joint revolution was postponed till .the
second Monday in Decenaber next. - • i -
Mr. STEVENS moved to .reco'risider tbe.^ote
by which thejoint resolution was postponed;; and
also moved to lay the motion to reco.asi"4er on the
table. v - >
The latter .motion was agreed to. ■ -• . . '
KENTUCKY COSTteKD ELEOTiO^;
Mr. SMITHERS. I desire to give notice to
the House th^t to-morrow,after thereadwig ofthe
Journal, I will ask the attention of the- House to
the consideration of the contested-election case, of
McHenry and Yeaman.
MMSSAGE FltOM THE SKNATB.
Amessagefrom the Senate, by Mr. McDonald,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of conference
on the Iowa land bill; and insisted on its amend-
ments to the Army appropriation bill, and agreed
to the conference asked for by the House.
' BUSINESS ON SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. SCHENCK. I m^ve to proceed to busi-
ness on th<3 Speaker's table., The special object
that I have in view is to get tho amendments-to
the bill to increase the pay of soldiers referred to
the Committee on Military AfTairs, with leave to
report at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSUL AT HONG KONG.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
tho Senate amendment to a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 63) to settle the account of James Keenan-,
late consul at Hong Kong, China.
The amendment was to insert after the word
" money" the words " in the Treasury;" so that
it will read, "out of anymoney in the Treasury."
The amendment was concurred m.
Mr. DAWSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment was concurred
in; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY Oi1 THE ARMY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendments to the amendments of the
House to the bill (S. No. 145) to equalize the pay
ol" soldiers of the United States Army.
The amendments were read.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the Senate
amendments be referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, with leave to report at any time;
and on that 1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the amendments
be printed.
U was so ordered.
PERUVIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 now move to go into the
Committee of the Whole, for the purpose of tak-
ing up the bill to provide for the payment of Pe-
ruvian claims, of which there isa necessity for the
immediate passage.
PUNISHMENT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
yield to enable me to ask the unanimous consent
ofthe House to present and have considered at
the time from the Military Committee a bill for
the punishment of guerrillas.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 must object to the report-
ing" of that bill from the Military Committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. J? that a bill
for the punishment of those guerrillas who shot
our wounded soldiers?
Mr. GARFIELD. It would include those.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I think no-
body has objected to the immediate consideration
of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Perin-
sylvania objected.
Mr. SCHENCK. Surely it cannot be possi-
ble that any member of this House has objected
to considering a bill to provide for punishing the
guerullas who are committing such mischief and
cranes, and murdering defenseless citizens and
