1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
zen anysvhere else, to propose that negotiations
diplomatic should be resorted to for the purpose
of settling: this controversy and closing this war,
atid restoring peace upon the basis that the gen-
tleman suggested in his speech upon this floor on
Saturday? Would lie be deemed a traitor ? No,
sir, certainly not; and it is only because there is
but little, prevalence of a sentiment of that kind,
which at the first thought gives it the appearance
of so much guilt upon the part of the gentlemen
who take exception to the giving of opinion in
debate.
I wish, as a matter of privilege, during the few
moments I may occupy upon this floor, for I have
no idea of consuming the whole hour allotted to
me, to explain the motives with which I have
acted, and which have also been the inducement
of friends who have acted with me, in what we
have done during the consideration of this sub-
ject. 1 voted against the resolution of yesterday
to ccnsurc the gentleman from Maryland, and 1
voted against his expulsion. I voted against it be-
cause, although I entirely disapproved of the sub-
stance and also of the manncrof the remarks which
he made in debate, I believed with reference to him,
as I do with reference to my colleague, that it was
not within thejurisdiction of this Ilouse, or within
the propriety of its action, if it weie technically
within its jui isdiction, to expel a member of this
House for the utterance of a sentiment, and such a
sentiment as he would be very likely, on account
of his associations and habits, to entertain as a
membcrof this House. He is the representative
of a slave State. lie declared himself to be a
slaveholder. I did not suppose he was imbued
with the antagonistsentimenis which characterize
some men in reference to the institution of nogto
sluveiy, I did not suppose that he found in it
that wickedness and infamy which its opposers
here are in the habit of imputing to it. i t would be
more natural to suppose otherwise. And when
he came here to express his sentiments and
opinions upon this floor, I did not expect them
to correspond with the sentiments of my colleague
from the Cleveland distnot, {Mr. Scalding J In
honest blood, but in a feat less and incautious
way, he gave expi ession to what he deemed to he
just and true. Admit him to be as badly mis-
taken about it as my colleague fiom the1 second
district of Ohio-—Cincinnati. I voted against the
resolution of censuie of the gentleman from
Maryland, not because 1 approved of his senti-
ments, but because I thought the resolution tndo-
duced by my colleague from south west Ohio, [ Mr.
SchencKjJ was in itself a violalion of the tubs,
and a breach of the privileges of this House.
If, ns I undeistand the rule-?, objection be
taken to words used by a member in debate, he
may be censuied. Such is the language of the
rule, and it is competent for the House, having
convicted him of the fact of a breach of pi ivilege
ill the use of improper language, language for-
hidden by the rules in debate, to censure him.
For what? For Ins act in violating the tules.
But my colleague [Mr. Schlnck] introduced a
resolution heie declaring the gentleman from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Harris] to be " an unworthy mem-
ber of thus House," and the conclusion is that
41 he is severely censured.M For what? Not for
violating the rules of the Hous< ; not for any .spe-
cific thing; but for being, charactei istieally, an
unworthy member of the House. 1 behove that j
if the question of oider had been raised, th e reso-
lution would not have been entertained, lus not
to be said it cannot be known how gentlemen on
this sale of the' House would have voted if the
request made by ihe gentleman lrom Indiana, and
concui red m by munyothei gentlemen, had been
gt anted, and the resolution had been so changed as
to include simply a c< nsureagainstthe gentleman
from Maiyland for the violation of older with
which he was charged. lint n was a vote ex-
acted on a wrong principle, unauthorized by the
rules of legislation here; and no gentleman could
vote rationally and consistently on the proposi- !
tion without voting in the negative. j
.Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 promised to be brief in i
therermuks that 1 wished to make, and as 1 think i
I hu\e expressed the substance of my thought on j
the subject before us, and have given the lea&on 1
why i cannot give my vote for the passage of the !
resolution now pending, for no other olknsethan •
the expression of an opinion which, as a citizen }
of what was and should be now a free Govern- 1
ment, my colleague had a right to introduce and
communicate to his fellows at his pleasure. He
exercised his light of free speech under the pro-
tection of the clear guarantee of the Constitution,
and to undertake to punish him for it is to ruth-
lessly assail the fundamental principles of Amer-
ican liberty.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I will occupy
the time of the House but a single moment. The
state of my health does not peimit me to make a
speech, and I should not trouble the House now,
had I not leai ned from some editorial remarks that
on Satin day last an effort was made by members
of this House to connect the position which I as-
sumed at the beginning of the session with the
position occupied by the member from Ohio, [Mr.
.Long.] i contended that the co ifederate States
had de facto seceded from this Union; that in doing
so they 1m\ u committed a gieat crime which should
be punished, not only by the extreme rights al-
lowable m all cases by the laws of war, but that
they had outlawed themselves fiom all protection
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States; that they had abrogated the laws and the
Constitution of the Union so far as they weie con-
cerned, so that they could invoke the protection
of neither to save them from the vengeance which
should be inflicted by the Union; that in addition
to the ordinary laws of belligerents, we ought to
confiscate all their propei ty so far as the leaders
were concerned; that we aught to take from them
their real and personal estate and treat them as a
foieign enemy subjugated by the arms of this na-
tion ; that i hey could claim no rights different from
those of a conqueied foreign enemy waging a most
unjust and ciuel war against the Government; and
that their rights were none other than were ac-
corded by the laws ofwai in its exucniest extent.
I contended that they had de facto—an is undeni-
ably tiue—commuted the ciime of secession; that
they stood in that attitude, tin icfore outlaws and
alu ns from the pioteclion of the Constitution and
the law s of this Goverimu nt, and that ihey could
invoke the aid ofneithei for theirpioteetion; and
then I went on to show the kind of punishment
which I believed an alien enemy, composed of
tiaitois, should receive; that they weie a belli-
geient occupying the position of a foreign nation
with i egard to their lights under the Constitution,
but woi.se than a foreign nation, because they
were composed of tiaitors to their Government,
and that tlx ir punishment should be pursued by
fit e and sword to ihei r utter subjugation . I ndeed ,
so much did 1 insist on extreme punishment In ing
awaided to them, that a ceiiain portion of this
House seemed to be stiuck with honor at the ex-
ti emity of the ventrance which I asked should be
visited on them. And yet I am told that a posi-
tion assumed m this House, that having by then-
own ciime become de Jacto a secession power—as
undoubtedly they ate—they shall be peimitted to
remain so without punishment, and that this Gov-
ernment shall extend to them the light hand of
fellowship, in the shape of negotiation, to with-
draw our armies and allow them to maintain (he
attitude which, through their great ciime, they
iiad acquired, is to be assimilated to the position
which i had assunnd. Gentlemen on this floor
have chosen to assimilate the two positions—the
position of oflVting to iccognize the lebelliou as
an independent power, as independent not only
dc facto but dc jure, and entering into a tieaty with
them as an independent nationality of light, and
the position which I ns.sumid.
XVI r. COX. With the permission of the gentle-
man I desne to say a word. I suppose he must
have referred to certain rematks which I made
hei6 upon Satuulay, though 1 do not know that
he does so
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not; for I havenotbeen
able to read the debates of this House. All that I
learned was from some editorial i emarks in a m.- ws-
papei. 1 h«\c notread the speech of any member.
Mr. COX. Allow me, then, to correct the gen-
tleman in lefeience to one conclusion which he
diaws. As the gentleman was unfot tunately not
piescnt on Satin day, I could not go as fully as i
would like to have done into the peculiar tenets
held by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania upon
this subject. Indeed, I was cautioned on Satur-
day not to go into the matter at ail in the absence
of the distinguished member. But, sir, we upon
this side of the House undertook upon Saturday
to run a parallel between the opinions of the dis-
tinguished member from Pennsylvania and the
opinions expressed by my colleague, and it was
simply this: we held here upon this side of the
House that my colleague was no better and no
worse than the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
because he took the identical piemises laid down
by the gentleman, although he may have drawn
different conclusions.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand—and asa mat-
ter of fairness I have inserted it into my remarks
made on Saturday—the very remarks made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania upon this subject,
in which he took the ground that the southern
States were a foreign nation.
Mr. STEVENS. I will excuse the gentleman
from Ohio from anything further,as I was not re-
ferring to him, and do not even know whether he
spoke at all on Saturday.
Mr. COX. The gentleman said he read it in
a paper.
Mi. STEVENS. I saw it in some editorial
remark that my position was likened to that of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long.]
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow me to
finish my remark, my colleague from Ohio, in
the very speech which is now declared to be ob-
noxious, himself based his argument upon what
he quoted from the speech of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, in which he declared these south-
em States to be an independent nation for certain
purposes—for the purposes of war and for the
pui poses of confiscation.
Mr. STEVENS. I will cxcuse the gentleman
from anything further.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will permit
me to finish my sentence.
Mr. STEVENS. I know perfectly well how
easy it is for the devil to undertake to quote
Scripture and pervert it. [Laughter, hisses, ap-
plause, and confusion on the floor and in the gal-
leries.]
Mr. COX. I have not misquoted the gentleman
nor perverted his remarks. I quoted him cor-
rectly. [Shouts of "Order!" from the Republican
side.] The gentleman from Pennsylvania charges
me with perversion, and I have the right to in-
tcirupt him.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not begun any per-
sonalities, and I will not yield to any.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Private
Secretary, notifying the House that he had ap-
ptoved and signed bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No 302) to amend section nine
of the act approved July 17, I8f>2, entiiled "An
act to define the pay and emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes;"
An act (H. II. No. 314) for the relief of Daniel
Wormer;
An act (H. R. No. 315) for the relief of Darius
S. Cole; and
An act (H. II. 3Nfo. 116)foi the relief ofWilliam
G. Brown.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OK A MEMBER AGAIN-.
Mr. COX. I now ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 object, unless the gentleman
will obey the rules.
Mr. COX. 1 have not asked any favor of the
gentleman fiom Iowa.
Ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. Docs the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yield?
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
excuse me. 1 have not said anything about him,
and do not intend to.
Now, Mr. Speaker, [ can easily understand
how it may have been that the gentleman from
Ohio, who made his speech on Saturday, [Mr.
Long,] took the position which { asserted, that
the confederate States were a belligerent de facto,
as everybody knows they aie; but instead of fol- '
lowing out what I inferred from that, that they
weie a helligeient through crime and treason, de-
serving to be punished by fire and sword and con-
fiscation, as alj traitors should be, I understand
him to have proposed that they should be admitted
as a power de jure, that their independence should
be acknowledged by a commission lrom this Gov*
ernmcnt. If 1 have been misinformed—for I have
nut read his speech—then my remarks are mis-
applied.
