2510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
wounded soldiers in the rear of our armies,
[Cries of 44 Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the bill,
and no debate is in order.
Mr. SCH'ENCK. I only want to be satisfied
["Order!"] and know if there is any gentleman
on this floor who will object to a bill for such
purposes. I therefore have asked thfe question.
[Cries of " Order!" from the Democratic side,
and confusion.] I want to know whose sym-
pathies run in that direction. [Shouts of " Or-
der!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania ob-
jects to the bill, and Yio debate is in order.
PERUVIAN CLAIMS.
Mr. 8TEVENS. I now renew the motion to
go into committee for the purpose of considering
.the Peruvian claims bill, and move to postpone
all prior special orders to enable the committee to
consider that bill.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STILES moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now ask for a vote on my
motion to go into committee.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pome-
noy in the chair,) and proceeded to the consid-
eration of Senate bill No. 65, to provide for the
payment of the claims of Peruvian citizens, under
the convention between the United States and
Peru of the 12th of January, 18G3.
The bill wnsre^d. It declares that for the pur-
pose of discharging the obligations of the United
States, under the convention with Peru, of the
12th of January last, there be paid to Stephen G.
Montano, or-to his legal representatives, in the
current money of the United States, the sum of
$43,782 38, and to Juan del Carmen Vermel, or
his legal representatives, the sum of $1,070, in
the silver money of the United States, or its
equivalent, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. COX. 1 move that the committcc rise and
report the bill to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
• The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeuoy reported that
the committee having, according to order, had the
state of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly Senate bill No. 65, relative to
Peruvian claims, had instructed him to report the
same back to the House without amendment, and
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The lull was then ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
hy which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to leconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OREGON UOMICSTJiAD LAW.
On motion of Mr. McKRIDE, by unanimous
consent, the Senate bill (No. 271) to amend an act
of Congress making donations to settlers on the
public land in Oregon, appioved September 27,
1850, and the octsamendatory thereto, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and seeond
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. -
PRINTING OF PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the hill which came from the Senate yes-
terday amending the Pacific railroad bill was or-
dered to be printed.
PUNISIIMKNT OF GUERRILLAS.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules to enable me to report a bill
from the Committee on Military Aftmis for the
punishment of sjuernlias?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not m order except on Monday.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ugain ask the unanimous
consent of the House for permission to report
that bill; and I ask that it may be read for inform-
ation.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. ANCONA. I object to the introduction
of that blil.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, who objects?
Mr. SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Ancona. >
Mr. ANCONA, I did object, find do not with-
draw it.
The SPEAKER. The bill, therefore, is not
before the House.
Mr. FENTON. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The House divided on the motion; and there
were—ayes 77, noes 24.
Mr. PRICE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. SMITH demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Smith and
Brooks were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twelve; a further count not being demanded.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was therefore agreed to; and the
House (at fifty-five minutes past three o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 27, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with. Nobody is listening
to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
reading of the Journal will be dispensed with, un-
less there be objection. The Chair hears none.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am requested to present
the memorial of I). W. Whitney, of New York,
praying that the expenses to which he 1ms been
subjected by his anest and prosecution before a
court-martial may be indemnified for. I move its
reference to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Mrs.
Fanny M. Smith, widow of the late General C.
V. Smith, praying for compensation for the ser-
vices of her late husband as a member of the mil-
itary board for the settlement of the California war
claims; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
KKPOHTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 244)
to guaranty to certain States, whose governments
have been usurped or overthrown, a lepublicai*
form of government, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. SHERMAN, fiom the Committee on Ag-
riculture, to whom was referred a bill (II. R. No.
411) to encourage immigration, reported it with
an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were leferred various petitions and memorials
piaying for the enactment of suitable laws for
the encouragement of immigration, asked to be
discharged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred a resolution
in&tiucting the committee to inquiie into the ex-
pediency of placing the professors of ethics, of
Spanish, and of drawing, at the Naval Academy,
on the same footing with the other professors,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, the subject having been enacted into a law.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee oil Claims,
to whom was referred a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 39) for the relief of Alexander Cross, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 81) amendatory of
the joint i'.'solution to increase temporarily the
duties on imports, approved April 29, 1864, to
report it, with an amendment. I should like very
much to take it up for consideration, but I sup-
pose I cannot ask for that at present.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will lead to debate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
293) to empower the Superannuated Fund Society
of the Maryland Annual Conference to hold prop-
erty in the District of Columbia, and to take a
devise under the will of the late William Doughty*,
Which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the
following bills of the Senate:
A bill (No. 65) to provide for the payment of
the claims of Peruvian citizens under the conven-
tion between the United States and Peru of the
12th of January, 1863; and
A bill (No. 248) in relation to franked matter.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the joint resolution of the House
(No. 63) to settle the account of James Keenan,
late consul at lloog Kong, China.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 493) for
the relief of William Brindie;in which it requested
the concurrtncc of the Senate.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Picsi-
dent of the United States had yesterday approved
and signed the followingactsaud joint lesolution:
An act (H. R. No. 15) to provide a temporary
government for the Temtory of Montana;
An act (H. R. No. 300) for the classification of
the clerks to paymasteis in the Navy, ami gradu-
ating their pay; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 74) referring
the claim of J. H. Clark &Co. to the Couif of
Claims.
VKTO POWER IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Temtot ies,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 285) to reg-
ulate the veto power in the Territory of Washing-
ton, have had the same under consideration, and
have directed me to report itback with an amend-
nientin the nature of a substitute. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to put the bill on its
passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. WADE. I do not suppose it is necessary
to read the original bill. The committee icport
a substitute foi it, which will explain itself.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If thcrfe be
no objection, the leading of the original bill will
be dispensed with.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause, and to insert the following in lieu thereof:
That every bill which -.hail have pn^ud the Lc^i&Iative
A-*s< mblyol Waf-lnrigton Teiiifoiy shall, before it become
a law, be pie«*ented to the Governoi. If Jte app>ove. he
shrill sign it; but if not, lie shall iciuin it, with Ins objec-
tion^, to that House in winch it shall have oiinitiated, who
shall enter the objections at laise upon then Journal, and
proceed to leeonsider it. If, ju'tcr such reconsideration,
two tbmN of that House shall a«ve to the bill, jt shall
be sent, together with the objections, to the oilier House,
bywlneh it^hall likewise be leeonsidered.and if approved
by twu thuds, ut that House it shall become a law. Hut
in all viieh ea-jes the votes of both Iloiweri shall be determ-
ined by vearfand nays, and the names ot the peisou< voting
loi and aganist the bill '-hull be entered on the Journal of
each House respectively. Ifunybill tduill not In: K'tuniod
by the Governor within live day- (Sundays excepted) alter
it shall have been pieseritud to bun, the same shall b« a
law, m like manner as jt be had signed it, unless the Le-
gislative AsMnnbly by their adjournment pi event its icturn,
m which ea^e it shall not be a law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will inquire of the honora-
ble Senator from Ohio whatisthe necessity for this
measure. What is the present state of the law?
Mr. WADE. The Governor and all the execu-
tive officers of that Territory have sent a tele-
graphic dispatch here stating that it is very ne-
cessary. The Delegate from that Territory also
says so. He says that a great many transient
people got into the Legislature without much re-
sponsibility, and thatthey are burdening the peo-
ple there with taxation, and lie thinks the Gov-
