18(34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3487
body that exercise shall be termed "counseling"
the Senate, I claim to have just as much right to
" counsel" the Senate, if that be counsel, as the
Senator from Maine, and I think he will m his
calmer moments concede to me that privilege. 1
do not piesume to counsel learned Senatoisolder
and more experienced and more able than myself,
ns I willingly concede the honorable Senator from
Maine to be.; and I think it is not exactly fair for
him to conceal what is really the question before
the Senate in an effort to charge what will be the
result of the conduct which he seemed to advo-
cate upon those who are trying to resist it.
What is the condition in which the Senator from
Maine has placed himself in the remarks he has
just made: Now that we have " got the rebel-
lion by the throat" by virtue of the army which
we have brought into the field without any such
law as that winch the Senator proposes to enact,
he will embarrass that army, he will weaken that
army, he will let go that hold on the throat of the
rebellion by substituting for intelligent white
soldiers the ignorant plantation negroes of the
South. Now that we have " got the rebellion by
the throat," now that it is in a condition to be
effectually extinguished, the Senator and those
who think with him will let go then- hold of the
efficient means which 1ms enabled us to get it by
the throat, and, in oider to keep his loyal people
(who will fight as long as there is a man and a
dollar left) at home, he will substitute in their
plare the ignorant South Carolina negro.
Sir, it strikes me, without meaning any offense
to the Senator from Maine, that if his speech had
been made against his own motion it would have
been much mote valuable than against the oppo-
sition which I have made to this motion. What
is that opposition? 1 appeal to the chairman of
the Military Committee, 1 appeal to the Senator
from Ma&sachusett.s who was chairman of the
committee of conference, to bear me witness that
it was the determination of the House of Repre-
sentatives so far as he was advised lo allow this
bill entirely to fail unless the section which is the
puncipal cause of diffeience between the Houses
was retained. In other words, those who repre-
sented this section were not sufficiently awakened
as to the importance of putting an enlightened
and intelligent soldierin the field and as to the in-
terests that aie at stake to go themselves, but
would only be willing that a draft shall be made
or enlistments shah be made upon the condition
that they shall substitute for their white citizens
the negroes of th« South. Who is it that is try-
ing to baffle every attempt of the Government to
maintain itself in this struggle? Is it the man
who contends for the intelligence and the patriot-
ism of the country as against the ignorance and
want of knowledge necessary to implant within
the bosom that patriotism which is essential if
we would conquer in this wai ? Is it he who
would fill our armies with the ignorant negroes
fiom the plantations of the South, or he who de-
sires that the honest, intelligent patriot whose
Government is to hp preserved should show his
patriotism and his devotion to the Government
by enlisting in the tanks of its Army?
It is such attempts as that which the Senator
has advocated this day that are baffling the efforts
of the Government to maintain its existence in
this struggle for its life. Grant's army to be
strengthened by South Carolina negroes, while
the citizens of Massachusetts and Maine icmain
at home engaged in manufacturing munitions of
warand taking the contracts of this Government.
That is the proposition which the Senatordesires
to detain the Senate here for the next thirty days
upon. Sir, if it be necessary to sustain this Gov-
ernment in this struggle I will not only remain
here thirty days but thirty years; and before I
will lend my aid to weaken the Government, to
baffle it in the effoit that it is making for its life,
and to paraiyze its hold on the tluoat of the re-
bellion by putting negroes instead of white men
in the armies, I will vote against adjournment as
long as I am able to vote.
My resistance to this motion was predicated on
what I believed to be a fact, and 1 have called on the
Senator from Massachusetts to corroborate me.
If I am wiong in this I would of course with-
draw opposition to this motion; but I understand
it to be so from gentlemen all around me; and I
ask if it is calculated to continue that patriotic
feehng which has animated the white people of
the western States and of other States that arc
opposed to this proposition by requiring them to
shoulder their own muskets and aliowinganother
section of this country to be relieved from the
performance of that duty and substitute in their
place an ignorant race, who, as the Senator from
Indiana has very properly said, must be for the
next year at leastasouice of weakness, who can-
not go, as was contemplated by the Senate in this
bill, into the ranks of the veterans in the field,
but who must he organized into separate regi-
ments by themselves and become disciplined and
made soldiers by time. That is the reason why
I opposed this proposition. I do not believe that
the adoption of such a proposition as this, with the
fifth section remaining, will strengthen the Army.
I believe it will weaken the Government in its
efforts. I think it would be far better for Con-
gress to adjourn without the adoption of any au<'h
law than to cnact a law with such a provision in
it. It is because I do not believe the negro to be
the equal of the white man as a soldier, nor in any
other relations that require intelligence and an ap-
preciation of the service in which they are engaged,
that I desire the law to remain as it is rather than
to have it so changed that white men shall be re-
lieved from military duty and negroes allowed to
take their place.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When I left the Senate a
short time ago, as I was nccessaiily called out,
all was calm as a summer morning. I come back
and find the Senate in a perfect tempest. Now,
Mr. President, I do not rise to make a speech,
but simply to say that 1 shall vote as a matter of
course for a committee of conference; it is neces-
sary ; it is the only way to get along with this
matter; but I hold in my hand a slight piece of
information which I believe to be correct, and
which, it seems to me, ought to put alittle differ-
ent phase on the state of affairs:
New York. July 2.—Gold opened to-day at 210 ; in an
hour went down to 205; almost immediately it tell to 200,
ami is now at 194."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to say that
the difference between the Senator fiom Virginia
and myself is this: I should like to see every
white man in the Army of the United States re-
turned to his family and his home, and his place
filled by a negro. 1 am not so devoted to, so
much the lover of the negro race that I would
permit them to remain at home enjoying its lux-
uries while white men arc called upon to defend
them. I should be glad to vote for a proposition
that would call out a million negro troops that
the white troops may be relieved from the dan-
gers and the fatigues of the Army; and I hope
that this Government will increase its energy,
and that the time will soon come when wc shall
be grappling with this rebellion with an nimy of
negroes sufficient to close it out. I do not believe
myself that God will be fuliy satisfied unless this
rebellion is closed out by the slaves, property in
which caused the rebellion. The object of this
bill is to relieve white men by negroes, and I
would be glad to see it adopted.
Mr. WILSON. No effort has been made to
reconsider the vote last taken, and I do not know
whether any will he; but I certainly hope that an
effort will be made at any late to save this bill.
As I said, we were told in committee by the gen-
tlemen who represented the House of Represent-
atives that the House had taken its position, that
they had put together the repeal of the commu-
tation clause and the reduction of the time and
the liberty to enlist men in the rebel States, and
they would not separate them, and that any at-
tempt to do so would be a defeat of the measure
by a decisive majority. It was then, and after
much time, that the committee representing the
sentiment of the Senate, whatever thou personal
opinions might be, consented to arrange this mat-
tei in the foim in which it has come in here—to
enlist men in the rebel States,exempting Tennes-
see, Ai kausas, and Louisiana. Now, sir, I will
simply say thai those who advocate this measure
do not do' if entirely to relieve white men from
doing their duty.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts perinii me?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONN ESS. If the Senator from Ohio will
withdraw his motion, I, having voted with the
majouty, will move to reconsider the vote that
has been had on this report, so that the dispute
may be ended. Will the Senator from Ohio with-
draw his motion pending that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I never "vfrill interpose to
prevent a majority of the Senate from doing what
it chooses ih a matter of this kind; and therefore
1 withdraw my motion with the understanding,
however, that I can renew it in case the Senator's
motion fails.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that a new conference
will be appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Ohio can only be withdrawn
by unanimous consent, the yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered on it.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays it it is desired to make a motion
to reconsider.
The PRESlDENTp-o tempore. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from California
can make his motion. It is a privileged motion.
The PR ESIDENT pro tempore. It can be en-
tered, but it is not privileged to be considered at
the present "time.
Mr. CONNESS. But I can move to postpone
the pending orders and take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks not. To postpone it would postpone the
bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I wish to propound
a question to the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONNESS. These questions only pro-
crastinate the discussion.
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas. There will be no dis-
cussion. I merely wish to ask whether itis likely
fiom the sentiments expressed by the committee
of conference of the House of Representatives
that if woappoint a new committee of conference
that House will recede from this proposition?
Mr. WILSON. 1 cannot tell of course what
the House will do; but I can say that the com-
mittee on the part of the House said that the House
had taken its position and there could be no doubt
of it, that the bill could not come within twenty-
five votes of being passed if this was abandoned.
Mr. Smitxiers, who introduced the bill origin-
ally, made this statement. It was sustained by
both his associates, although one of them was
decidedly opposed to the proposition. They said
that the two ideas had been coupled together in
the House and could not be separated. That was
the position taken. I cannot tell of course what
the House may do in the future.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask consent to make a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask for a vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call of
the roll will proceed on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If we vote down this
motion of the Senator from Ohio, will the motion
of the Senator fiom California be in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unquestion-
ably.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 desire now to enter the
notice of a motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is not
necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote in the negative,
with a view of giving the Senator from California
an opportunity to put his motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose that propo-
sition is defeated, the bill is lost.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that if a second
committee of conference be appointed they can
settle the matter in half .in hour.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio is lost is the bill lost?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion it is not. A motion may be enter-
tained to reconsider, and if that was adopted it
would be in order to agree to another conference.
Mr. CARLILE. Cannot I, by unanimous con-
sent, save time by withdrawing the call for the
yeas and nays :
The PRESIDENT pro tempcre. Itcanbedone
by unanimous eonseni.
'Mr. HENDERSON. I object to it.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I have the floor. I
^dve notice of a motion to reconsider. Now I
submit to the Chair whether, if I move to post-
pone the existing and previous orders and take
