1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2M1
ernor should have this power to counteract their
influence.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is there no veto power there
now?
Mr. WADE. None at all at present. This is
an exact copy of the veto power prescribed in the
Constitution of the United States for the President,
with the exception that that gives the President
.ten days within which to return bills, and this
bill gives the Governor but five, because the Legis-
lative Assembly is limited in its time.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
, INDEX TO TAX BILL.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I ask permission to lay
upon the table, with a view to have printed, an
index to the tax bill. 1 suppose it can be printed
by to-morrow, and I think it will afford great
convenience to gentlemen in the examination of
the bill. It has been prepared by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue. I move that it be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
OllMR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WADE. If there be no more reports, 1
will ask the Senate to take up the joint resolution
to amend the charter of the city of Washington.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Chair will now call
for resolutions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is entirely
under the contiol of the Senate. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now, with the permission
of the Senator from Ohio, I wish to offer a reso-
lution.
Mr. DAVIS. If the rest of us cannot have the
privilege of offering resolutions I shall object to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I presume the Senator can
have every privilege that 1 can have. I certainly
should not undertake to object to it.
Mr. DAVIS. Then will the Senator permit
me to call up n resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. That is a different proposi-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I object to the Senator's
resolution being received.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be entertained at this time.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution of inquiry:
Resolved, Tli.it the President of the United States he re-
quested to lut uish the Senate an account cuirent between
the [Tinted States and the united band of Wea, Peoria, Kas-
kaskia, and Piauktshaw Indians of Kansas, since date of
their last treat)', (tfUth of May, 1851,) showing the amount
and date of each remittance to said Jmlians underpaid
tieaty, and on what account each lemittance was made ;
also showing the date oi each investment of the proceeds
of the laud- of s-uid Indian* jn State stock-!, and amount of
intere&f, it any, on said stocks, the date ofinvcstmenf, and
the tune dining which interest was paid by the States 10-
&peeuv< ly owing said stocks, and what balance, if any, in
now in airear and due said Indians either on account of
interest on t-tocks or otherwise.
■ResoJi-crf/wrffter, That a similar account be furnished be-
tween the United States and Western Miamis ot Kansas.
Mr. DAVIS. I object.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the resolution cannot be considered to-
day.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to call up a resolution
that 1 offered on the 29th of March last.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a bill now before the
Senate. *
Mr. DAVIS. Well, I ask that that resolution
be now taken up.
Mr. WADE. I wish I could consent to that;
but I do not think that sh-uhi have puority over
a bill that there is a necessity ioi passing at once,
and which is now before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing to have the resolu-
tion acted upon without any debate.
Mr. WADE. That may be. i neveroffer one
that I am not perfectly willing to have so acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky moves that the Senate postpone all
prior orders and proceed to the consideration of
the resolution indicated by him.
Mr. WADE. I hope nut.
Mr. DAVIS. Is not that a debatable motion?
The PRESIDENTpro/empore. Undoubtedly,
to a certain extent, not involving the merits of the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. Exactly. I will ask for the
reading of the resolution. 11 will take but a min-
ute.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
and report to the Senate whether or not William Yocum,
a citizen of the United States, late a resident of Cairo, is
or not confined in tiie penitentiary of New York, situated
in Albany, or some other prison, by or under the sentence
of a military court, for which the said William Yocum has
received the full and unconditional pardon of the President
of the United States j and that the baid committee have
power to send for persons and papers. And that the cont-
mittee report to the Senate all of the facts in regard to the
charges against said Yocum, and the proceedings in his
trial, and all the facta in relation to such pretended pardoj>.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state a few facts why that
resolution should now be taken up and acted upon.
On the 4th of March last I presented a resolution
in relation to the same matter, which I will now
read, and which was passed by the Senate:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the charge
or chaiges, tin; sentence oi judgment, the proofs, and all
the papers and proceeding, including his pardon, con-
nected with the case of William Yocum, of the State of
Illinois, or of the State of Kentucky; and also if the said
Yocum is. now in prison, and if so, where, and for how long
a time.
That resolution was passed upon on the 4th of
March last. The President has not deigned to
take any notice of it. On the 29th of March I
offered the resolution now under consideration,
which I will read:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judicjaiy inquite
and ropon to the Senate whether or not William Yocum,
a citizen of the United States, late a resident of C.uio, is
or not confined in the penitentiary of New Yoik, situated
m Albany, oi some oihei prison, by and undei tin.: sentence
ot a military coutt, for which the said William Yocum has
received the full and unconditional pardon ot the President
of the United State-*; and that the said committee have
power to send loi poisons and papers.
I called that resolution up on several mornings,
and finally, on the 14th of April, the Senator from
-Masaaehusetta, the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, [Mr. Wilson,] offered the
following resolution, which was passed:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be dhected to re
poit to the Senate the papers in the case of William Yo-
euiri, now confined in the penitentiary at Albany, New
Yoik, together with the recoidof the court before winch
the said Yocum was tried and sentenced to imprisonment.
Mr. WADE. I will inquire whether this pro-
ceeding is in older. If it is, it is perfectly cer-
tain that any Senator can prevent the doing of
any business. The Senate have just determined
to take up for consideration the joint resolution
that 1 moved to take up. Now the Senator rises
and moves that that be supeiseded by taking up
a resolution, and proceeds to argue the question
whether his resolution shall supersede it or not.
If that is to be allowed another Senator can get
up with another proposition and argue against
him; and so it may go on. I cannot believe that
that course of proceeding is in ordei.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator state his point of older, whether it is to the
entertaining of the motion of the Senator from
Kentucky, or to the range of debate?
Mr. WADE. The range of debate. I hold
that even if he can make such a motion he can-
not debate it; but-I will submit to the decision of
the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the Senator is entitled to debate it
and show the reasons why it should be taken up,
but not to go into a general debate on the metits
of the question.
Mi. DAVIS. So I was admonished by the
Chair when I first rose, and so I will endeavor to
restrict myself in what I say. I am going to state
the reasons why this resolution should be taken
up, aftd I will do it in as short a time as I can. 1
piobably would not have occupied much more
time than has already been consumed if I had not
been inteirupted.
I repeat, sir, that on the 14th of April the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts offered the following
resolution; which passed the Senate without any
objection:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Wai be directed to re-
pot t to the Senate the paper- m the case of William \ <vum, j
mnv confined m the pointer,tiary at Albany, New York, j
together with the record of the court before which the t-aid j
Yocum was tiled and sentenced to imprisonment. j
It will be seen that the point in my resolution !
is that Yocum has received a full and uncondi- !
tional pardon for any offence, if he cothtaitted
any, from the President, and that, indelianee o'f
that pardon, he is now and has been sinfce thjtft
time held in imprisonment. T-htf resolution of-
feredby the Senator from Massachusetts evadefc
the true point in the cfese^ and th&t is, wjaBlfreh
there has been a pardon of William Yocani; tar8
whether he is stilt kept in infamous confinement
in defiance of that pardon. < s '•
Now, sir, on the 4th o£ March- last a restfhr-
tion, respectful in its terms, addressed to the
President of the United States, was? passed hf
the Senate, requesting him to give all the fatfts in
relation to this case. Nearly three months hawe
expired, and that resolution has not' received any
attention. Some six weeks afterwards, or nearly
so, one of the friends of the President in tlrifc
Chamber offered a resolution calling, not for the
papers in relation to the pardon of the offense, if
any was committed, by the President, but in rela-
tion to the sentence and charge originally. That
was directed to the Secretary of War, and he has
not answered it.
I have no doubt the fact is that Yocum cq'nrr-
mitted no offense against the law. He was sen-
tenced, neveithele'ss^ysa oourt-mprtiaJ to impris-
onment, and the President of the'United States',
in theexereiseof his constitutional pdwer, grant-
ed Iiim a full and unconditional pardon from the
snntenceand judgment of the court-martial. That
pardon was placed in the hands of the Secretary
of War. It was left in the hands of one of his
principal subordinate officers, and in defiance of
that pardon the Secretary of War still holds him
in prison, and does not ueign to answer the calls
of the Senate in relation to the facts of the case.
If that is not one of the most flagiant abuses of
power that ever occurred in this or any other
country 1 cannot comprehend the nature of the
matter. I think it makes an imperative case in
which the Senate ought to requue the matter to
be investigated by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on my mo-
tion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL (when his name was called)
said: By unanimous consent I should like to say
just one word. I intend to vote "against taking
up this resolution because* it interferes with the
matter now before the Senate, and interferes with
the business of the Senate; but I do think that
the respectful resolutions of the Senate should-be
answered by the officers of the Government, and
on another occasion 1 should so vote. 1 now vote
" nay."
The result was then announced—yeas 16, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew,Oarhle, Cowan, Davi", Dix-
on, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane ol Indiana, Lane of Kansas*,
MeJ)ini all, Powell, Ramsey, llieIiaidsoii,&anl buiy, Sher-
man, and Willey—16.
NAYS—Messis. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Fe^'-cnden,
Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hums, Moigan, Mor-
al], Sumner,Ten fiyek, Tiumbull, Van Wmkle, Wade,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
ARSRNT—Me^sis. Kiown, Coliamer,Conness Doolit-
tle, Hardin?, Henderson, Hicks, Howard, Howe, NesimtlJ,
I'omero}, Kiddie, Sprague, and Wright—14.
So the motion was not agreed to.
VOTING IN WASHINGTON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 57) to amend the charter of the city of
Washington; the pending question being on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Sumner to insert
at the end ot the resolution the following proviso:
Provided, That there shall be no exclusion of any person
fiom the legister on account of color.
Mr. SUMNER. I was interrupted yesterday
by other business beingcalled up while 1 was un-
dertaking to reply to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade.] I did not propose to make any exten-
sive reply.
It is with poin that I differ from my friends.
But with me there is no choice. Here is a meas-
ure which opens the whole question of suffrage
m the national capital, and assumes the form of
an amendment to the charter of the city of Wash-
ington. It provides that certain persons shall be
registered, including even persons who cannot
speak English, but in positive terms it continues
and keeps alive the old rule founded on color. Now,
sir, 1 cannot sanction any such rule directly or
indirectly.
