1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
488
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this proposition.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask if there is anything
contained in that branch of the section which
would prevent the full effect of the amendmefit
which I wish to make in the last proviso to the
section, and that is that twenty cents additional
tax shall be levied upon the liquors on hand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thisamcndment has ref-
erence to the liquors to be distilled hereafter, after
. the passage of the bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next reserved amendment was the amend-
ment striking out the following proviso to the first
section:
'Prodded further, That all f=piiits on hand for sale,
whether distilled ptior to the date of this act or not, shall
be subject to the ratussof duly piovidcd by this act from and
after the 10th day of Jnnii.n y, l?fi4; except that spirits which
have hern nheady taxed under the law approved July 1,
1862, Phall not hear more than the additional or increased
tax ptovided for by this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in this amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to amend that pro-
viso so as to make it read:
Shall be subject to a rate of duty of twenty cents per gallon
in addition to that imposed by the law of July 1,1862.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will hardly
accomplish his purpose by that. There are two
classesof liquoraffected by the proviso as it stands
in the House bill: one class which has paid no
duty at all, and another which has paid a duty
of twenty cents a gallon; and the proviso is that
the same rate of duty on that which has paid no
tax shall be imposed as is imposed by this bill,
and upon that which has already paid twenty
cents, only enough to make it equal.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Peuhnps I can accomplish
my purpose by proposing to strike out the word
" the" after the word (i than," in the fortieth line,
and inserting "twenty cents per gallon," and
striking out the words " provided for by this act,"
in the forty-first line; so as to read:
Except tnat spirits which have been aheady taxed under
the law apptoved July 1,1662, shall not bear more than
twenty eent^ per gallon additional or increased tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me make another
suggestion to the Senator. He will see that we
have altered the previous provision by making a
grade of duties. This proviso was drawn before
that was so altered:
That all t-pii its on hand for sale, whether distilled prim
to the date of this act or not, shall be subject to the lates of
duty piovided by this act from and after the 12th day of
January, 1864.
Is it to be subject to all of them, to the sixty cent
tax, the seventy cent tax, and the eighty cent tax,
or which of them?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have not myself exam-
ined very critically the whole language of this
section, 1 confess. This bill is being passed very
rapidly through the Senate. My purpose is 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senatoi fiom Wis-
consin will allow me, I desire to suggest an
amendment which perhaps will accomplish his
purpose. It is to change the proviso so as to read
as follows:
Provided further, That ail spirits on hand for vale, whether
distilled pi tor to the date of this act or not, shall hf {subject
to a tax of twentv cents on each and cver.v gallon ttom and
aftei the 10th day of January, 1861, m addition to the tax
already imposed undei the law appioved July 1, 1862.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That would cover it.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
twenty cents 
Mr. TRUMBULL.
Mr. FESSENDEN.
Then it puts a tax of
On that on hand.
On that on hand which
was made before the passage of the first act, and
forty cents on that which was made after.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh,no.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly. There may
be an amount on hand which has paid no tax
at all, and another amount on hand which has
already paid twenty cents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Twenty cents in addition
to the tax imposed by the old law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But twenty cents in ad-
dition to the tax imposed by that law •
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would make forty cents
on all of it, would it not? Twenty cents was im-
posed by the prior law. Now if you put on
twenty cents more it makes fotty.
Mr. COWAN. But there is whisky that was
not taxed by the prior bill, and to that the Sena-
tor from Maine alludes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But it is subject to pay,
is it not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notatall,because it was
manufactured before the first law was passed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It may be that it would
require a little more time in order to draw a pro-
viso so as to put it precisely in proper shape to
reach the liquor which is on hand; but the point
at which I aim is to impose a tax upon the liquor
on hand, which has been purchased undoubtedly
with a view to the rise which would be the result
of the tax about to be laid by Congress upon that
article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me suggest that the
bill may be laid aside for a few moments till the
Senator can draw his proviso.
Mr. DOOI^ITTLE. Let it go over until to-
morrow.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; I want to finish the
bill to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin will allow me to suggest to him that lie will
find it extremely difficult to frame any amend-
ment to this bill without a careful study of the
whole subject-matter. I may state that I myself
have been in favor of a moderate tax upon the
spirits on hand, and a graduated tax on those to
be manufactured in the future; but it is impossi-
ble to frame an amendment to this bill to cairy
out that idea without applying your amendment
to three or four different sections of the bill. For
instance, if the Senator should propose a tax upon
the spirits on hand he must propose a correspond-
ing tax on the imported liquors now in this coun-
try that have already paid a duty at the custom-
house. That duty is imposed in another section
of the bill which has been amended by the Senate.
It will be necessary to change this bill in many
important particulars, in several sections, to cariy
out the Senator's idea. I state to him the diffi-
culty in the way of doing that now. If the bill
is changed, if the Senate should agree to tax the
liquor on hand, it would be much wiser to recom-
mit the bill with instructions. It is impossible
now in the Senate Chamber to frame the neces-
sary amendments in carefully selected language.
I did not intend to say a word on this bill; 1
intended to follow the committee, and let the mat-
ter go over for future consideration upon the dis-
agreement between the two Houses. If the House
of Representatives shall insist on its proposition
to tax spirits on hand, the question will again
come before us in some form, and we can then
propose a modified tax on the spmts on hand, if
the Senate shall think it advisable. I think it
would be much wiser for us to agree to the report
of the Committee on Finance, and let the subject
be disposed of in that way.
Mi. DOOLITTLE. I am not precisely pre-
paied to allow this thing to go by default. It is
true the sense of the Senate was expressed on the
vote winch was taken on this subject, and ex-
pressed pretty decidedly against standing on the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives
in this respect; but upon the question whether
there should or should not be some portion of this
tax put upon the liquor which is in the hands of
speculators who purchased it in view of this very
legislation, the Senate has not cxpiessed its opin-
ion. It seems to me that it would be just that
some additional duty should be laid upon them.
I do not care m what shape the thing is placed,
whether in the shape of a motion to lecommif.
with instructions, or a test vote on some proposi-
tion now before the Senate.
Mi. COWAN. Make your proposition in the
shape of a motion to iccommit.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will at the suggestion
of my friend from Ohio and other Senators move
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Finance,
with instructions to so amend it as to provide for
an additional tax of twenty cents pet gallon on
the liquors on hand in addition to what has al-
ready been imposed; and on that point I desire to
submit a single remaik to the Senate; I shall de-
tain them but a moment. 1 have received a com-
munication from a firm who I believe aie the
greatest distillers in the State of Wisconsin, in
which they say:
" Devu £iu • We take th<1 liberty of 'addressing you on
the niattei ofuxiny distilled spun?, a& the action ot Con-
giCoa will dlli.et u-mateuailj. We ate di.uiiler& using thrco
hundred bushels of grain per day? and under the presenj
law taxing spirits twenty cents per gallon we pay about
two hundred and ten dollars per day.
" If under the new Jaw now beloje Congress spirits on
hand are not taxed, We must stop our works whenever
law goes into operation, as we shall not be able, to compete
with speculator who have large quantities on hand in an-
ticipation of the increased tax. ' ' '
'•We are feeding about two hundred and fifty head ofeat-
tle which will not be mfor market till May next, and if we
stop our works we must sell our cattlc, half fattened as they
are, at great loss; and if a prospective tax Is laid upon all
spirits manufactured after some future day, say May 1
1664, then tho&e who have large stocks ou hand will suffer
no los<?.
"We think it unfair for Congress to ruin us-by altering the
law. The law can be changed and we left unharmed, and
by the same means the revenue enhanced. If the distillers
are ruined we cannot pay any more revenue,and the spec-
ulators who have the spirits stored make the profit instead
of the Government."
This is a letter from gentlemen interested in
this legislation, and it must go for what it is worth.
It is their decided opinion, they being distillers
running their distilleries, purchasing corn, making
it into whisky, and selling it, and then putting
the proceeds hack again into the purchase of gram
for manufacture again into whisky, that if the law
goes into effect as it now stands before the Senate,
the distillers themselves will be broken down in
competition with the speculators who have large
stocks of liquor on hand. I do not profess to un-
derstand, this question very well. There may be,
perhaps, insuperable objections to this view, but
I am not quite satisfied to allow the matter to go
by default without an effort at least to put some-
thing of a tax upon the liquor on hand, and there-
fore I make the motion as a test question of the
sense of the Senate whether there shall be a tax
put upon the liquor on hand.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think lean explain this
matter very readily. We had a whole room-full
of distillers before us from all sections of the coun-
try, and they were unanimous in the opinion that
if we put the proposed tax upon the liquor on
hand it would ruin them. These gentlemen write
that if you do not put it on, it will ruin them.
Now, what is the explanation? It is a very sim-
ple one.
A large portion of the distillers through the
Northwest, in contemplation of this action of Con-
gress, and especially the proposition to tax liquors
on hand, have for the time broken down in their
credit. Nobody will lend them anything. The
banks will not lend to them; the commission mer-
chants in New York will not advance to them.;
and they are, as they say, and as 1 can readily
suppose, in a very uncomfortable situation about
it. If they have to pay such an enormous in-
creased tax, the inference drawn by moneyed men
is that it must stop their works. But the distill-
ers as a general rule have a considerable quantity
on hand themselves that they have not been able
to send forward during the winter, and they say
that if you put the tax on what may be made
hereafter and leave them the profits to be made on
| what they have on hand and on what they may
; make before the bill shall pass, they can get
through, because that will bring up their credit.
There aie, however, some few distillers in the
country—and this firm in Wisconsin may be in
that condition—who have disposed of all their
whisky at a high profit, have got rid of it, and
have none on hand. The way they will be ruined
will be that in case we put a tax on the liquor
on hand they will not have a dollar to pay while
everybody else will, and they can undersell the
market! That is the simple secret of it, because
there is no way in which you can talk of their
i! being ruined by a duty on the liquor on hand if
i they have not got any! How is it going to
i hurt them? They say because the speculators
| have got so much; but there are very few specu-
i lators who can sell it at any less pi ice, and all
1 those who have liquor to sell derive an ad van t-
{ aye from it. That is the simple fact. Some
few m the country have been fortunate enough, if
it may be considered fortunate, to dispose of all
they had and make their profit. Now, if you
will just put the tax on all that is on hand it will
not touch that which they have sent to market
and disposed of, and leaving them to manufacture
anew they can sell at a much lessprice than those
who are now in the market. That is the expla-
"tlr! TRUMBULL. I think I can explain to
the Senator from Maine how persons could be
j injuied by putting this tax exclusively upon the
