THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO0E.
July 2.
up for consideration the bill that was before the
Senate when this report was made, I cannot then J
abandon the consideration of that bill and move
to rcconsider the last vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion not. When the bill comes before
the Senate again the pending question will be the
motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will not consume the
time of the Senate. I have satquietly and voted.
I sincerely hope the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio may carry, and a new committee of
conference may be had on this bill. There are
some features m the bill thatl desire to see in the
enrollment of troops hereafter, but I do not regard
it as a matter of very serious importance if the
whole bill be defeated; and if some features be re-
tained in it I think we ought to resist it to the
death; it ought to be opposed and it will be op-
posed; but if we can have a fair committee of con-
ference on the proposition I think the objection-
able features may be stricken out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 think that for the dis-
patch of business arid for the best administration
of this disputed question a new committee of con-
ference should be organized. I am not going to
discuss this thins, hut evidently thatcourse is le-
qnired for the dispatch of business,
Mr. ANTHONY. I want to know how to
vote.
That is no
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.
question of Older for the Chan.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 cannot, take better ad-
vice than of the Chair. If this motion be de-
feated I untlerstand the motion of the Senator
from California will bo in order. If that motion
shall be defeated will it then bo competent to
move for n new committee of conference?
The I'ItlW I DENTpro tempore. No doubt of it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mi. ANTHONY, lam mire Senators around
me have voled under a misapprehension.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is debate in oitler?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, it is not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I appeal to the Senator
from JiiiJi:tn.i 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I objcct. This is an im-
portant fjuestion.
l\li . ANTHONY. This is the first time I ever
knew the Senator from Indiana to be guilty of
discourtesy in this body.
The result was announced—yeas 26, nays 8;
as follows:
VE \s~ -lli'wi-i. liut'Ioileu'. Clark, ('owan, I):ivik, Don-
It!{|<', I'tinf, Fo-tn, Hah', H.urn, Uf-mU'rviij llomhiek?,
iiicK-, How f, Johnson, fjiiuf1 <>! Itidinna, Lam* ol KatinK,
l'omt«ioy, i'owHl, lt;un*oy, Sam
>]<•!, T  ii flu'k. TuuubuU, Van Winkle, \V:uli*, Wilkinson,
and Willcv—'2S.
NA V Anlhony, Carlilc, Chandler, Conner,
If.ulan, Muiijaiu ^uubbniy, and Wihon—
AU-iPA'T — Mt^sr.s Ihown, Coll.vmti, ih\<m, I-Vkmmi-
dt'ii, (Ji ihh--\ Harding. How.uri, Mori ill, N ('smith, Ku'htu'd-
sou, Kiddio, Sprayue, and VVuylit—'13.
So it was
Rrivlvai, That the yptiatc fuithcr unison its nmowl-
nifist dKujiml to by the? Houm: of Kcpruseniativcvs, and
a-iv loi a 1'urilict contWeih-M*.
On motion ofMr. SHERMAN, and by unan-
imous consent, the Pi esident pro tempore was au-
tliotized to appoint the committee on the part of
tin* .Senate.
Mr. 1/l^NDRICKS. I desire to make a report
from a commiUtM; of conference.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator wait one
moment? 1 ask now whether the motion it* not
pending to take up House bill No. 510.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoie. The motion
is pending, and the yeas unci nays have been or-
dered on it.
Mr. C0NNE8S. Pending that I have no ob-
jfciion to the report of the confeience committee
ni-in^ made.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
Wiii icceive the report.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The committee of confer-
mee mi Senate hill No. 339 have instructed me
to .submit the following report: ^
The C( nuimt''e of coplciciu'e on Uie disagreeing votes of
tiiotwo lioux-oii tii' luli \o to repeal a joint
icsolution entitled '•Joint (.•-.oiutMii in giant additional
rooms to the Agricultural L>e|>.u uncut," and Tor oth'-r pur-
poses. having met, aiicr mil ami tiec Cwinorrncj have
iccoinfii'-nti to then itj-jpeet-
i^rp^d to 11'CMiiuji'jjui and d<>
/>• fioti^-' a- follow-!:
ThM tlie Senate* nveck* .'Vojk-ijioir ;
[i^agu < xin-nt to the
amendment of the House, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: insert in lieu of said amendment
of the Hou^e the following:
" Sec. — And be itfuilher enacted, That the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture is authorized-to rent suitable rooms
for the accommodation of Ins office, and to make necessary
improvements ; and to pay the rent of the same, for one
vear, the sum of ($3,500 is"hereby appiopriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
videdy Such rooms shall not bfe rented lor a period longer
than tbioe years.and the House agree to the same.
JAMES HARLAN,
THOMAS A.HENDRICKS,
JOHN SHERMAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate*
E. 13. YVASHBURNE,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
Managers on the part of the I'lousc-
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the #j00,000 appropria-
tion in the bill ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Instead of #100,000 being
appropriated to build a house, $3,500 a year is
appropriated to fit up and rent a house for three
years.
The report was concurred in.
RECESS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until seven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERCOURSE WITH DISLOYAL STATES.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for a vote on taking
up House bill No. 510.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust there will be no
objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I wish to make a report.
Mr. CONNESS. Reports from conference
committees are always in order,
Mr. MORRILL. I made a mistake. A Sen-
ate bill has been returned from the House of Rcp-
lesenutives with a slight amendment, which 1
wish to have acted on.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection.
Mr. MORRlLLl I move concurrence in the
amendment of the House of Representatives to
the bill (S. No. 232) in addition to the seveial
acts concerning1 commercial intercourse between
loyal and msunectionary States, and to provide
for the collection of captured and abandoned
property, and the prevention of fraud in States?
declared m insurrection.
The amendment of the House was, on page 3,
section five, lino four, to strike out 14 or shall bo
in danger of their raids."
The amendment was concurred in.
MESSAGE 3TU0M THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the llmtse of Representatives had further insisted
upon its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate to the joint resolution of the Hou-e (No.
li) :n relation to the claim of Carmack & Ram-
say, asked a further conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. William Windom of Minnesota,
Mr. E. Vj. Washburne of Illinois, and Mr. Rufus
P. Spalding of Ohio, managers at the same on its
part.
AMENDMENT OF CONSCRIPTION LAW.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
announce the appointment of the second commit-
tee of conference on House bill No. 549
Mr. FOSTER. 1 move that the vote of the
Senate agreeing to a new committee of conference
on the enrollment bill be reconsidered. I voted
with the majority.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to know
whether that motion, being an independent mo-
tion, can intervene so as to cut off my colleague
on the subject under consideration. I ask it as a
question of order. There should be some law in
the Senate on these matters.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not
intcifcre with the motion of the Senator's col-
league. The question js on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Morfsr?!. Autlion>, Chandler, Clark, Cornices,
FcfsemJeu, Foot, Foster, Ilaiian, Harris, Lane of Indiana,
L.mo of Kan.-vis, Moi^an, Mori ill, Pomeroy, Ram-'ey,
irhHi. Smnner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, CarliK Davis, Doolittle,
Henderson. Hendricks, I-Iicks, Howe, Johnson, McDougail,
Powell,Riddle, Saulsbury,Spiague,Ten Eyek, Trumbull,
and Willev—^
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon,
Grimes, Hale, Harding,- Howard, Nesmith, Richardson,
Van Winkle, and Wright—12.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] that the Senate insist on its
amendment, and ask for another conference.
Mr. CON NESS. Will the Senator withdraw
that motion ? , .
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing to
do so in order to allow the Senator to try his
motion to reconsider, if it is in my power.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chains
of opinion the Senator may withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. CONNESS. I now renew my motion to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
conference committee was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say that in mak-
ing this motion I make it subordinating my own
judgment to what I believe to be a high public
necessity. I believe that no greater error or mis-
take has been committed in the acts for the or-
ganization of the armies than in the introduction
of the condition that is in contest here now, and
I make this motion fearing the consequences; but
it is stated here on good authority, and it is un-
doubtedly true, that the other House is dwin-
dling away and will be without a quorum perhaps
at six o'clock this evening. Therefore it becomes
my duty to make this motion and sustain it by
my vote.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know that I un-
derstand this proposition correctly, but if I am
cortect one difference between the Senate and
House of Representatives is that the House in-
sist on the provision in this bill that the loyal
States may go into certain other States and enlist
colored soldiers.
Mr. WILSON. Anybody.
Mr. WILKINSON. It means that. I have
heretofore opposed it for the reason that 1 thon^l t
the Government of the United States should ti-
list them as soldiers of the United States and t'jve
no State tiie particular credit fur doing it, but 1.1
all the States have the credit upon their quotas.
As, however, the Government seems to be veiy
backward in uomir it  and inasmuch as i would
rather Sfv black su'diers enter into this* contest
than to have all our white men annihilated befous
tin- war shall be over, I will yield my own private
f. clings and vote for this motion to reconsider.
I would rather that the Suites of New England
and theState of New York, and the great wealthy
States of the East should cause this element to
be mustered into the service of the country than
not to have it mustered in at all. That is my
view. I am willing, as the representative of a
western State without the means perhaps to in-
duce this element to enlist into its service and fill
out its own quota, to waive all sueh objections
rather than not to have this very able and efficient
element mustered into the service of the United
States. The Senator from Virginia seamed to
think that itwas very desirable that the intelligent
white young men of this country should be butch-
ered off m detail upon the battle-field rather than
to have the colored men of the country take any
part in this conflict. I disagree entirely with that
honorable Senator.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator allow me
to correct him? The Senator certainly misun-
derstood me. 1 understand that the law now au-
thorizes the employment of negroes in the Army.
What I object to and what I expect to object to
is to relieving the white population of certain
States from furnishing their quota to the Army
by authorizing them to employ negro troops,not
that I desire them to be slaughtered. 1 think I
sympathize as much with every soldier killed in
battle as the Senator from Minnesota; but I do
not think we shall strengthen our Army or save
the lives of our white soldiers by sustaining them
alone with negro troops. If I am wrong in this
it is an error of jndsment.
Mr. WILKINSON. We do notcxpect to sus-
tain the waralone with negro troops, but I suppose
that every negro who enters info the aervice takes
