490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
whisky produced hereafter. There are in my
State large manufactories of whisky, and to tax
the whisky on hand the same amount that you <lo
that which may be hereafter produced would oper-
ate very injuriously upon them. They live at a
considerable distance from the market, and they
necessarily have oil hand a quantity of whisky,
whether they have been manufacturing more than
ordinarily or not in consequence of the expecta-
tion that an increased tax would be laid upon
whisky. It takes some thirty, forty, fifty, or sixty
days at this season of the year to transport their
whisky from the place where it is manufactured
to the markets of the East. They have, there-
fore, a large amount on hand; and if you tax that
whisky forty cents a gallon you break them up;
they cannot pay the tax; and hencel voted against
placing the same tax upon whisky on hand as
upon that which should be manufactured here-
after. I thought the operation of it would be un-
just and unequal, although I was aware that per-
sons have been speculating out of what they
supposed might be the legislation of the country,
and I was aware that the manufacturers of whisky-
had been running their manufactories to the srreat-
est extent, in order to have on hand a large amount
which should supply the market for a long time,
andupon which they would not have to pay this
additional duty. But still! can see, and I think I
can explain to the Senator from Maine, how not
laying any tax at all upon the whisky on hand is
tO'Operate against the manufacturers in some in-
stances.
The manufacture of whisky is not carried 011
by itself. All the manufacturers of whisky feed
large numbers of cattle and hogs. That is a part
of the business carried on by them. They have
got these cattle and hogs on hand. Now, what
will be the result if you levy a tax on the future
production of whisky oY sixty cents a gallon and
no tax on that which is now on hand, which I un-
derstand is a very large quantity' The Senator
from Maine knows much better than I do how
long it will supply tile country, hut I have been
told it would supply the country for six months,
and some say even longer than that. The man-
ufacturer cannotenter into competition with those
persons who have the whisky on liami, and pay
sixty cents a gallon tax on it when they have paid
only twenty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it help him any if
you make him pay twenty cents on what lie has
got on hand himself?
Mr. rRUMBULL. Sdppose lie has none 011
hand, or if he has but a small quantity 011 hand,
I submit to the Senator that by puttmga tax upon
that on hand, and making it equal with the other,
he may be able to continue the running of his
manufactory and go 011 with his business. Now,
is it just to allow these persons who had more can-
Hal, the large distillers, it yon please, who have
been able to accumulate a large stock, and to an-
ticipate what they supposed might be the legisla-
tion of the country, to supply the country for
months and months without paying any tax nt
all, or only the twenty cents which they have paid,
and require a man who has sold his whisky as he
manufactured it to pay sixty cents on all thatsh all
be manufactured hereafter ? I know the Senator '
asks, will it help him to have others pay? Sup- i
pose I were to reply to that in this way: if you
do not raise the tax on whisky at all what would
be the condition of these whisky dealers who are
complaining? They say they will be ruined.
They come here and they say they will all be
ruined if you impose this tax upon the whisky
on hand. What would be their condition if vou
j tax the future production of whisky at
all. *hey would be exactly in the same condi-
tion that they would be in if you put the sixty
cents on all of them. It is precisely the same
thing. They would be ruined then. The amount
ot it is that they want you to tax (and that is why
they are so willing to have a heavy tax put on
hereafter) the future production of whisky, and I
they would be glad to have you tax it one dollar |
or five dollars a gallon. That is the reason they !
are ready to have a very high tax put upon the li
future manufacture of the article, because they 1
have got a quantity on hand that is to make their ;
foitune. hut if you are not to raise the tax ct 1
all these men tell you they will be ruined Thev
may not say that, but the Senate will see the of- '
feet upon them would be precisely the same as it
is if you put the additional tax of forty cents on,
because then they would all stand on the same
footing, nil paying si\'ty cents a gallon, or now,
as the law stands, all paying twenty cents a gal-
lon. The only difference possible would be that
it would require perhaps more capital. Having
to pay an additional tax, it would require some
increased capital; but it is only in that respect that
I can see that their condition would be any dif-
ferent from what it would be if you leave them
precisely where they were.
I think the fair way of doing this is to adopt
the proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin.
I think the men who have undertaken to specu-
late in whisky and take advantage of the antici-
pated legislation of the country will make money
enough if they are required to pay twenty cents
additional tax, that is forty cents on the gallon
altogether, ami let those who manufacture whisky
hereafter nay sixty cents. I think that would be
as near doing justice as we can get at it. I would
not tax the whisky on hand to the same extent
that 1 would that mnnufacturrd hereafter; but I
am willing to divide it and impose a lax of twenty
cenis upon the whisky which has already paid
twenty, forty cents upon that which has paid
nothing, and sixty cents, seventy cents, and eighty
cents, according to the grades provided by tho bill,
on that which shall be manufactuied hereafter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 do not think there is
any soundness in the argument which has been
submitted by gentlemen in favor of a tax upon
liquor 011 hand. The bill as introduced by the
Committee 011 Finance proposes to tax all liquors
distilled after tho passage of the act according to
certain rates. Under it the distillers can come in
competition with those who now hold whisky, and
can prevent them from making that vast amount
of^money which I anticipate they may make.
There is another reason why a duty should not
be laid upon liquor on hand. Every interest in
the country wants stable legislation. It is de-
sti uctive to business when you have put one tax
on an article to put an additional tax on the same
article. It unsettles trade find is a ruinous oper-
ation. Now, 1 shall notsay here Lhat these spec-
ulalois will nol make a great, deal of money in
this case. Why, sir, they will make money out.
of'iiny legislation that we may have which changes
in any particular what we have done heretofore.
For these reasons I have supported and intend
to sustain the report made by the Committee 011
Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In 111 oving to recommit
this bill with instructions, I did not intend to make
the instructions so definite as to raise any particu-
lar question upon the exact amount of tax to be
levied. 1 want the principle, and it is upon that
that I ask for the sense of the Senate; and 1 will
therefore modify my motion as to the instructions,
by instructing the committee to report a bill which
shall levy a duty upon liquors 011 hand, not spe-
cifying the particular amount of duty.
Mr. POWELL. J cannot concur in the mo-
tion of the Senator from Wisconsin. I am veiy j
confident that, the distilleis in this countiy do not '
desire a tax to be imposed upon the whisky on !
hand, f do not tliink it is wise or politic to tax !
the whisky on hand, and 1 am not sure that it '
would not be an act of bad faith on the part of j
the Government if it were to do so. By our legis- I
lation heretofore we have imposed what was re- !
garded as a very heavy tax on whisky.' Per-
sons throughout the country engaged in that !
branch of business have conducted their opera- !
tions with a view to the existing law. They have I
paid the tax upon the larger portion of the whisky i
011 hand; and I ask is it just, is it proper, is it '
keeping faith with these people to make them !
pay another tax upon that article upon which I
they have already paid the tax imposed by law? ]
It would be justas proper to cause each and every i
individual in tho community to pay an additional ;
tax upon ins income as to pay an additional tax !
upon whisky. Under the law 1 suppose that I
every gentleman in this Chamber has been called j
upon by the assessois in his region of country i
and has paid his income tax to the collector, i
Should we not think it bad faith if by any law ;
now proposed we were to be reassessed and made
to pay an additional tax upon that income? J
Lut the honorable Senator from Wisconsin lias j
read a letter from a distiller who says it will ruin ,1
his business if this tax is not imposed upon the 1
whisky on hand but is simply imposed upon that
heieafter to be made. I have had very large in-
tercourse and correspondence with gentlemen en-
gaged in the manufacture of whisky. My own
k&ate is very largely interested m it, and the States
immediately ad joining, Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio,
are very hugely interested in this matter of the
manufacture of whisky. I have within the last
week seen some dozen'or more gentlemen engaged
in the business, and all the distillers with whom
I have talked and with whom I have corresponded
say to me that if whisky is taxed, " let that which
is to be made in the future be taxed, let us know
what we are about, and do not tax that which is
on hand."
I held a conversation with thiee very intelligent
gentlemen from the State of Illinois, engaged m
this business, who called at my lodgings the day
before yesterday. They are men of sense, men
of much practical experience, who have been evi-
dently thrifty in their business. They told me by
all means resist the tax upon whisky on hand, for
they said," if you lay a tax upon that on hand you
will ruin us; we shall lmvetostop our business;"
and they assigned to me what were very conclu-
sive reasons fortheiropinion. They said that in
consequence of their distance from market they
have a large quantity of whisky in transitu, they
have a great deal on hand, and if this increased
tax is imposed upon that it will destroy the profit
they would otherwise make upon it; and the profit
they make upon that, surrounded as they are, is
the only thing that will save them from bank-
ruptcy and from ruin. They told me that they had
laid in large quantities of grain at very high figures;
that the contemplated action of Congress,and the
passage of this bill in the other House, had re-
duced the pi ice of corn some fifteen or twenty cents
a bushel m the West, and consequently they had
paid twenty cents a bushel more for their corn than
they could now get it for; and 111 consequence of
having to pay such high prices for the stocks of
giain tliey lntve on hand, which they are to work
up, the passage of this bill would be very onerous
upon them. There is scarecly a distiller in the
West engaged largely in this business who has not
more or less whisky 011 hand in his still-house and
1 ill transitu. If you do not impose a tax upon that
they wdl derive a profit from that whisky on which
the Government has already laid a tax, and on
which in most instances it has collected the tax.
I do not think that wc should strike down these
persons.
1 venture to say that the case of the distiller
who wrote to the Senator from Wisconsin is an
exceptional case. I know that 1 have received no
such correspondence, and I know that a large
number of distillers have called upon me, know-
ing that my State was interested in this matter,
and they say to me precisely what the Senator
from Maine, the chairman of thecommittee, says
they said to him in his committee room. In fact
some of the gentlemen that have conveised with me
I told me they had already been before that com-
mittee.
This is an interest of very great magnitude ill
the western country. It will affect these people
there more seriously than any other. In a word,
it-will affect the great corn-growing States; it will
aitect-the State of Ohio, the State of Indiana, the
State of Illinois, the State of Kentucky, and the
State of Missouri more than any other States in
the Union. The very fact of Congress mdicatingan
intention to make them pay such a heavy tax on
whisky has already, so these gentlemen from Illi-
nois told me, thrown down the price of corn about
twenty cents on the bushel. So you not only
strike the whisky-maker but you strike every
small farmer who raises a bushel of corn to «e!l
and lam very happy to say that in the matter of
rising that cereal thore are very few people in
the States I have mentioned that have not more
than one bushel of corn to sell. They produced
hea.vily of that article for sale.
So far, then, as the report of the committee in-
dicates a desire not to tax the whisky on hand,
I hearti y and fully concur with them. I have
110 doubt that they have acted wisely, circum-
spectly, and piudently in that matter. It is the
only thing that will save the distiller. Take one
of those heavy establishments now that has a
good deal of whisky on hand, lay this additional
tax upon it, and require them to work up their
very .arge stocks of grain, when that grain, they
