2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27.
.. Bat it is said that in pressing my amendment
■ the original proposition may be lost. This I shall
regret much, very much; for I desire its passage
sincerely. But 1 can see no reason why any dis-
crimination of color should be made in the bill,
or in. our proceedings. If white persons are kept
oat of their rights, so are colored persons; and I
would ask my friend, from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
which has been kept out the longest? I am for
scouring the rights of both, to the end that we
may have.at last in the national capital equality
Mtfore ike law.
, We are shocked daily by the report of outrages
.upon colored persons. In Tennessee a colored
woman has been murdered under the lash. Near
Fortress Monroe another colored woman has been
cruelly treated under the lash. This must be
stopped. But I know no way so effective as to
set an example of justice and humanity on our
part. If we sanction slave-hunting, if we disre-
gard the rights of colored persons, if we treat them
as inferior in rights, why, sir, there are others
who will follow our example, and add, also, a
vindictive cruelly.
Therefore, in insisting upon the rights of col-
ored persons here, I insist upon their rights
everywhere. Nor do 1 see how I can abandon
their rights here without abandoning them every-
where. We are Senators of the United States,
bound to consider the whole country m all its
extent, and to do nothing here which shall do
mischief elsewhere. Especially are we held not
to yield to any local pressure, or to any imagined
local interests, and thus forget the cause of justice.
It is vain to say that this measure is temporary;
for, in plain terms, it undertakes to amend the
charter of Washington. It is vain to say, also,
that there is another bill now on your Calendar
which undertakes to regulate thu< whole ques-
tion. Who cai) R{,y that this bill will become a
law? Ay, sir, who can say that, in the hunied
hours of these closing days of the session, the
"bill will even bo considered again? And yet on
these grounds we are asked tn abandon the pres-
ent assertion of the rights of coloied persons.
Jjiit, if the bill m question can pass, when it con-
fers these lights, so also can the present measure.
If it be practical to assert these i ights on one bill, j
it is equally practical to assert them on another
bill, where such assertion is germane. it only
remains that Senators should stand firm.
For myself, 1 will not sanction an injustice; nor
will I miss any opportunity of asserting the rights
of an oppressed race. I may be alone; but, to the
extentof my powers, I moan to be right. Adopt-
ing againthe language of General Grunt, " I pro-
pose to tight it out on this line, if it take all sum-
mer. ,5
Mr. CONNESS. I have no speech to make.
I hope we shall come to a vote on tins resolution,
which has been pending ho long, and diwpose of it.
The morning hour has been consumed now for
three or four days in its consideration, and I am
very anxious to call up another bill.
Mr. MORRILL, I shall vote against the
amendment of my friend fiom Massachusetts;
and, after the icmarks he has made, I feel called
upon u> ^ive the leasons why. This lesolution
comes from the Committee on the D^tnct of Co-
lumbia. It will be remembered that some fonr
weeks ago the same committee repoited a bill
regulating the right, of suffrage in this District,
which is full and impartial, it does not make
color an exclusion. It fixes the condition upon
which the right of suffrage shall bo exercised m
this District entirely independent of color. It
puts the right of the colored man to vote upon
precisely the same conditions that it puts those
of every other man. I suppose that bill to be en-
tirely satisfactoiy to the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. He has had the assurance of
that committee that at the earliest practicable mo-
ment they intend to urge it upon the considera-
tion of the {Senate. It regulates the whole ques-
tion of suffrage in this District. But that Senator
knows as we all know that there are many tilings
that are practicable here, and some things are im-
practicable. Some things may be done, and other
things cannot be done; and no Senator knows
better than the honorable Senator that this is pre-
cisely one of those things which at this moment
cannot be done.
I disagree with the honorable Senator when he
tells the Senate that this joint resolution covers
the whole question of suffrage. I do not so un-
derstand it. It is simply a provision providing
against frauds and to facilitate elections; and ltis
introduced with reference to the coming election
that is to come off on the 1st of next month. It
is only designed to be temporaryin itseffectupon
this District. The committee believed that this
was so simple a proposition that it would not di-
videthe Senate; that this at least might be done;
that nobody would object to it; that it was prac-
ticable to do this; and not waiving the purpose of
the committee to urge the other qufestion when
the opportune time comes and it is practicable to
do it, the committee deemed it their duty to do
this. This much is practicable to be done; this
■much we can do; and we thought the Senate
would not probably divide on it. The only prac-
tical question now for anybody to consider is
whether we will do the thing which we can do,
and which all admit ought to be done, or whether
we shall fail to do that because we cannot, at this
moment, do precisely what we desire to do, but
what we know we cannot do. Now, as a ques-
tion of practical statesmanship, I submit to my
honorable friend whether it is not the part of wis-
dom to say we will do this now, and we will con-
sider the other question when it comes up. 1 con-
ceive that that is all there is in tins question. For
that reason I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding at the end of it, " and who have
borne arms m the military service of the United
States, and have been honorably discharged there-
from;" and the word " person," in the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, should
be changed to " persons" to make it congruous.
I desire to record my vote on this amendment to
the amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The ytMs and nays were oideied; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 2G, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS —''V[e?.>r-. Aniliony, ('handlei, Cl.nk, Collamer,
Cornices, f}ivHi, Poor, Ko.-aer, Grimes Utile,
II.i) lan, If.u i is Lane of' i mliana, Lanr of Knihiis,
.Woman, Mmull, I'otneioj, Uaiu-'ev, Sheinun, Ten Evek,
Ti n inUn!!, Wade, Willi \, ami YVii>on-~ 2(3
\A\ S - ,We-M >. I'.ifekalevv, Oailile, Cowan, T)avis
Hemlock;-", McDouimH. Jewell, RtebatiNon, SauNbury,
Sinnnei. Van V\ inkle, .tin] Wilkit^on—12.
—Moms. iJiown, DooljttW, llaidimr, Hender-
son, J] ieks 1km aid. JJowe,Nohiiiitli, Riddle, Spiaj,'ue,aiid
Wi ijjlit—11.
So the amendment to 'the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. Is it in order now to move to
amend the amendment as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. W ILL CSV. I move to strike out all after
the woid " piovided" and insert:
However, That no Midi ie idcnt who is entitled to vote
eNewhem ^hnll he entitled oi allowed to vote umlei ami by
value <>l this H'fOluuou.
Mr. WADE. 1 hope that amendment will not
be agreed to. I am not going to argue it, for
theie is not lime for that.
Mr. WILLRY. I do not propose to go into
the question of negro suffrage on this bill. It is
sufficient for me to state that there is a bill amend-
ing the charter or proposing to amend the charter
o( the city of Washington m all respects, giving
the city an entirely new charter, and which pro-
poses to iegulate the right of sutfi age among other
fhmgs. It is in the leeol lection of the Senate, too,
that several Senators have laid on the table vari-
ous amendments to that bill which have been
oidered to he printed, so that when that bill comes
up, which we ore assured will in due lime come,
the whole matter can be considered, wheie it ought
to be considered, m a biil amending the whole char-
ter of the city of Washington.
Now, sir, it seems to me utteily incongruous
and improper to be fighting on this little lino all
summei. Why, sii, U is the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that is hanging on to the tail and the
tip end of the tail of slavery whenever he can get
hold of it. That biil will come tip fairly and prop-
erly upon the bill tn which it is proposed to amend
the entire charter of the city of Washington.
The amendment which i have just offered is
designed to meet a practical difficulty. For illus-
tration:! did understand that the Secretary of the
Treasury, during the last gubernatorial election in
Ohio, took the advice of counsel whether he had
aright to go home and vote in Ohio, and being
advised that he had such light, did godiome und
vote. Now, shall the Secretary of the Tieasury
be allowed, having been a resident here for more
than twelve months, to vote in the city of Wash-
ington-also? HoV many are there in the same
condition, and yet under this resolution as it now
stands these transient passengers, temporary res-
idents, will be allowed not only to cast votes at
home in their own States, but also to vote in the
city of Washington. It is with a view to meet
that difficulty that I propose this amendment, as
well as to get rid of the other difficulty and post-
pone the consideration of negro suffrage until that
question comes up properly.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from West Vir-
ginia uses in his amendment the words " entitled
to vote." Who is to determine whether these
men are entitled to vote? The judges of election
or eaeh man foi himself? If he would change his
amendment so as to say that any man who has
voted or offered to vote in any other place within
the year preceding shall not be entitled to vote
here, I would not object.
Mr. WILLEY. I have no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. But it leaves it open to the con-
struction of every man that happens to be the
judge of an election, as 1 understand.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
must call up the order of the day at this hour.
" Mr. WILLEY. On reflection I will not ac-
cept the amendment of the Senator fiom Iowa,
because there may be many men who have not
offered to vote in the States that are still entitled
to vote there. «
The PRESIDENT protempoie. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the order of the
day.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the chairman of the
Finance Committee and the gentleman having
charge of this bill together, to cease the discussion
on it and let us come to a vote. It consumes the
morning hour day after day, and business of more
consequence is kept back by it. Let us vote.
Mr. WADE. If we offered the ten command-
ments here, theio would be a thousand proposi-
tions to amend, probably, and debates oil them,
and the final vote would be very uncertain. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CONNESS. So it will be as long as we
debate. Let us have a vote.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the pending question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. I'he tax bill
is now pioperly before the Senate, and the read-
ing will proceed.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask that it be temporarily
laid over to see if we can get a vote on this joint
resolution. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is another amend-
ment to be offered, I see.
Mr. DAVIS. I have an amendment to offer to
the preceding joint resolution. I do not propose
to debate it, but I have an amendment to offer.
iMr.FESsJliiNDEtf. Tli en I must insist on the
regular order.
HE ADMISSION OF REBEL STATES.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution. I do not wish it acted on now;
I proposed to offer it half an hour ago, but it was
then objected to:
RcsolccJ, That a State pietondine to secede fiotn the
Union and battlunr ayanM the national Government to
maintain this. pftenMon iriu^t be regarded as a lebel relate,
f-ulijeet 10 niiiii.ny occupation, ami without title to repre-
M'utalion "ii tin?- floor until it iia> been leadmitfed by a vote
of both IIoum'*. oi Consire.-:; and tin: Senate will decline to
enteiiain any npphcntion fiom any such rebel State until
alter such vote of both Houses 01 Congress.
I wish to have it lie on the table to be referred
to the committee to which we shall eventually
refer the credentials of the claimant from Ar-
kansas.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The resolu-
tion will he over.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, ay m Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert the word and " before " a,"
m the twelfth line of the one hundred and fifteenth
section, and m the fourteenth, fifteenth, and six-
teenth lines of thatsectiou to strike out the words
" and not exceeding §25,000; und a duty of ten
