1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
491
having purchased it some time back, was worth
twenty cents a bushel more than it is now, and
all the stock in their pens will have to be turned
out unfattened. That will be the result, and it
will work very serious injury to the great grain-
growing interests of the country. The groweis
of rye, the growers of corn, and of ev.ery other
grain that is distilled into whisky will be the suf-
ferers. I hope the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin will not prevail, and that the Senate
will adhere to the position of the Committee on
Finance on this question.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, to recommit
this bill now with instructions to levy a tax upon
liquors on hand js to change totally and entirely
the principle which is involved in the original
law to which this is an amendment, as well as the
amendment itself.
There are two kinds of taxation. The first is
taxation upon property already in possession, in
enjoyment. 1 suppose there is no principle bet-
ter settled than that if a Government resorts to
that kind of taxation the taxation must be equal;
it must bo uniform; and it must bo upon the
property of all citizens. When did a Govern-
ment single out a certain class of its citizens and
tax their property while the property of other
citizens was exempt? Let us suppose, for in-
stance, that one man has a thousand barrels of
whisky and another man has a thousand barrels
of flour; both in possession; both bought and paid
for; both being to them the same as any other prop-
erty. The Government proposes to tax the man
owning the whisky $5,000 if you please, or in
this case it would be a great deal more, almost
asking him to pay for it over again. Has he not
a right to inquire, " Did you tax my neighbor's
flou.-?" "Oh, no." "Why?" " Because yours
is whisky." " Well," lie replies, " suppose it
is. Is it not a lawful article of commerce? Is
there anything to forbid me from buying it and
selling it? If there is 1 should like to know it.
Otherwise, I should like to know why I am sin-
gled out to bear the burdens of the Government
and my neighbor to escape them."
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. COWAN. One moment, if the Senator
pleases. I shall be through directly.
The principle involved in this bill is a different
one. It is whathas been called in the books indirect
taxation; that is, it proposes to tax nothing that
anybody has now on hand, but something they
are going to get hereafter; and therefore they have
the option, if they do not want to pay the tax
they need not get the article. We propose to tax
liquor which is hereafter to be made. The man
who does not like to pay the tax need not make
whisky. As it is admitted pretty generally that
the tax falls on theconsumer, if the consumer does
not like to pay the tax he need not drink the
whisky. That is the principle which pervades
this bill all through, I think, with perhaps a sin-
gle exception in the article of cotton. The cotton
on hand is taxed, and I think improperly. How-
ever, I have no quarrel to make about that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That has been stricken
out.
Mr. COWAN. I have no quarrel to make
upon that.
Mr. President, in my opinion, to levy a tax upon
the whisky on hand m this country would be to-
tally impracticable, utterly impossible. It would
require you to quadruple the number of your of-
ficers, and it would require you to make domicil-
iary visits into a thousand houses where you only
enter one now; and let ine say further, into a
thousand of the most dangerous houses in the
country for the peace of the country. Is the Uni-
ted States officer to visit the grog-shop where there
is a barrel upon the tap and say to the owner,
" You must pay fortius overagain?" The owner
may say, " I cannot; it is all the capital I have.
Everything 1 have m the world is in that barrel,
and out of that barrel I expect to make my liv-
ing." Arc you to go to the cross-roads m the
same way? Are you to follow this commodity
everywhere wherever it is to be found for sale,
even in the smallest quantities? because that is
what is contemplated if this bill should be recom-
mitted.
I think the Senate is not prepared to do that.
T do not think the country is piepured to do u.
Certainly the dominant party in the country ought
not to be prepared to do it, because its effect in a
political point of view cannot now be estimated;
and I am not so very certain that it was not in-
troduced in the first place in the other House with
a view to that effect.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand the honorable
member from Wisconsin to desire the vote to be
taken on the proposition he submits to be a test
vote. I propose, therefore, very briefly to state
why it is that I shall vote against the instructions
which he proposes.
I am in favor of the amendment reported by
the Committee on Finance as far as this particu-
lar question is concerned; and in what I am about
to say I shall not stop to inquire (because in the
view in which it presents itself to my mind I deem
it immaterial) what effect upon individual interest
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Finance will have. My vote is governed entirely
by what I believe to be a sound principle. I do
not question the constitutional power to levy this
tax; I mean to levy a tax on the quantity on
hand. My objection is founded entirely on what
I believe to be a principle of sound and enlight-
ened policy; and so thinking, my impression is
that every departure from it must he more or less
dangerous.
The original tax itself, as has been stated by
the honorable member from Pennsylvania, is an
excise. It is not a tax upon anything on hand.
It is a tax upon what is hereafter to be manufac-
tured. It is therefore in the nature of a license
which Congress have piovided shall be paid for
by him who thinks proper to manufacture whisky.
You have levied, thoiefore, in your antecedent
legislation a tax of twenty cents upon the gallon,
notupon the whisky that was on hand at the time
you levied the tax, but upon the whisky that
should thereafter be manufactured. In other
words, you say to the distiller or whoever thinks
proper to engage in distilling, " You are at lib-
erty to distill and to sell what you distill if you
will pay to us twenty cents upon each gallon you
make and sell." You do not tax him for the
making, in order to render your tax effectual
you require that there shall be a sale as well as a
manufacture. You tell him, therefore, that if he
makes and sells he shall pay, not for the privilege
of making, but for the piivilege of selling, twenty
cents.
Now, it will readily be perceived, as I think,
unless I am very grossly mistaken, that this is
holding out an inducement to every one in the
country who thinks proper to embarkin that par-
ticular en tei prise to engage in it. He engages in
it, therefore, on the faith of that promise, that if
he does make and docs sell, he shall be at liberty
to sell if lie will pay you twenty cents. He makes
all his arrangements accordingly. He abandons
any antecedent business in which he may have
been engaged and engages in this, supposing that
it will he more advantageous to him. He enters
mto all the engagements which are necessary to
enable him to "carry on advantageously this new
business in which, at your instance, he is about
to cmbaik. He buys property; he borrows
money. He makes, in a word, all his business
transactions to suit the business in which he is
about to engage; and now you say that after he
has thus manufactured in this business his million
gallons of whisky, having done it upon yourlaith
that he should be at liberty to sell it, for twenty
cents per gallon, he shall not be at liberty to sell
unless he pays you forty ceflts.
I think everybody will see that so far as such
a tax will opeuUe on the quantity in the hands of
the oiiginal distiller it will be clearly unfair. It
might be ruinous to him. You imagine, and per-
haps it is true as far as the particular article is
concerned, that he might be able to bear the ad-
ditional twenty cents or sixty cents and still make
a profit; but he might not be able to bear it. No-
body can tell whether he will be able to bear it.
IJut'whetlier he is able to hear it or not is not,
in my judgment, a fit inquiry. If he can make
a huge profit out of the nidteiial which he has
manufdUuied upon the faith of your prom use
he is entitled to it. He has a right to say, " I
would not have engaged in the manufacture at
all but for you. 1 saw that I would be able, or
thought I would be able to make a successful
matter of it upon paying you twenty cents; and
now, when I have run the risk, for there is al-
ways more or less risk, of changing my business
and embarking largely in this new business, you
come in and say I must pay you forty cent's
more." As far as my reading has gone (and upon
this particular question it has been by no means
extensive) I do not think lean be mistaken when
I say, as was said by the chairman of-the Com-
mittee on Finance, that there is no instance in
England in which an additional excise has been
levied upon an article manufactured under an an-
tecedent excise, and for the reason the chairman
stated; and to which I have just briefly referred.
Now, it may be that these dealers into whose
hands large amounts of this whisky have come,
subject only to a tax of twenty cents, may make
a very large profit. As I have said, they have a
right to have a large profit. The United States
are not the losers. It does not escape taxation,
but it cscapes the taxation of an additional excise.
It goes into the property of the distiller, if he has
on hand what he has manufactured, or it goes
into the mass of the property of him who has
purchased from the distiller,and is liable t<*gen-
eial taxation. You may get at him by your in-
come tax. Every other tax he pays except this
additional tax, and he disputes not the constitu-
tional right, but your right in principle to mulct
him with an additional tax, not for manufacturing
more whisky, but for the privilege of selling what
he has already manufactured and paid for.
Mr. President, a case not exactly analogous ex-
cept perhaps in principle has been decided by the
Supreme Court. You levy aduty upon imports.
The State of Maryland undertook to provide that
no man should be at liberty to sell the original
package in which the goods were imported with-
out taking out a license. The importers contested
the constitutionality of that act, and the Supreme
Court sanctioned their objection. Upon what
ground? Upon this ground: that that tax of it-
self was a tax which authorized the importer to
dispose of the article, and over it the State had no
control at all; and the principle necessarily, as I
think, goes to the extent of denying to Congress
the authority to increase any imposts upon that
which has come m underan existingimpost. That
would be a violation of what is a contract as be-
tween the Government and the importer. The
Government says to the importer, "Import your
dry goods, or your brandies, or your wines in
tierces, or in hogsheads, or in barrels, and upon
yourpaying so much to the Government you shall
be at liberty to sell them." The State steps in
and says, " Over all transactions within the State,
all contracts within the State, all sales made within
the State, you are subject to our jurisdiction, and
we say that you shall not sell them unless you
will pay to us a license foefor selling; or,looking
to the act of Congress alone, you are authorized
to sell as against the Government upon paying
the amount levied by the act of Congress." The
Supreme Court said, No; the Government has the
exclusive control over imposts, and the Govern-
ment therefore has aright in levying itsimposts to
say to the importer, " If you will pay the amount
charged as imposts you shall sell not only as
against us, but as against every State in the Union,
what you have thus imported."
What difference in principle between that case
and the case before us can there be? You have
told these distillers, Distill your whisky and pay
us twenty cents and you may sell it. The Gov-
ernment says to the importer, Import your goods
in the original package, or in the tierce, or in the
bane!, and you shall sell it. If in the last case it
became in the nature of a contract between the
importer and the Government, over which the
States had no control, why is it that in this case
it is not quasi a contract between the United States
and the distiller who has manufactured the arti-
cle, that if he pays the twenty cents required to
authorize him to sell he shall not be required to
pay any other tax upon that article for that pur-
pose?
The principle may be illustrated by imagining
other things. Suppose the enterprising shoe-
makers of Massachusetts were told by an act
passed last year, as they were, "You may man-
ufacture boots and shoes and you may sell them
if you will pay us so much a pair."
Mr. COLLAMER. Three per cent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Three per cent. Would it
not be obviously unjust to say to them or those
of them that now have large amounts of stock on
hand, or to those who have purchased from them*-.
