THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED FylrOH^C.^U^srWAEriN^ON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 4, 1864.
New Series No. 219.
the place of one white man,oratleastevery three
negroes will take the place of two white mten. 1
am, therefore, willing to waive my own personal
feelings in this matter and go for the proposition
of the Senator from California.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
, resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Ciaik, Conncss,
Fe^ciidfn, Foot, Fo.-tnr, Harris, Lano of Indiana, Lane
ot Kama-*, Moigan, Mornll, Poineroy, Ramsey, Sunnier,
Wade, Wilkinson, ami Wilson—18.
NAYS—Mosrs.. Buckaiew, c.uhle, Cowan. Davis, Doo-
iittle, Harlan, Henderson, Hemluekb, Howo, McDou«.ill,
Powell, Riddle. SauUbury, Sherman,Trumbull, Van Win-
kle, and Willey—17.
ABSENT — Me^r-s. P.iown, CoUamer, Dixon, Grimes,
Hale, Harding, flicks, Howard, Johnson, Nesrmth, Ilieh-
aidbon, Spi«ij;uo,Ten Eyck, and Wright—14.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Tiie PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) Thequestion now recurs on agree-
ing to the report of tjie committee of confeience.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I am convinced in my own mind
that if the second committee of conference had
been accorded by the Senate as asked by the
Senator from Ohio, it would result simply in ex-
punging from the bill the feature that authorized
the Governors of certain States to send their
emissaries into certain rebel States for the pur-
pose of enlisting negroes to be substituted m place
of their own white population. I have no idutx
that the House of Representatives would have
jeopardized this bill on that issue, and I believe
that another committee of conference organized
by the order of the two Houses would at once
be able to agree on that simple modification in the
measure, so that in that shape it might readily be
passed. We have been told again and again,es-
pecially by gentlemen fiom the North, and from
Massachusetts particularly, thatevery negro owes
his fealty to the Government of the United States
as much so as a white man. If that principle be
tiue, let it be faithfully and honestly executed:
enlist the negro or recruit him to fill his own
place, and recruit the white man to fill his
place, so as to execute harmoniously the new
principles in relation to this matter that the pres-
ent war has brought on.
I have understood, at least it has been pro-
claimed a thousand times, that Massachusetts is
opposed to the slave trade, that all of the North is
opposed to the slave trade; they are opposed to re-
opening the trade in Africans. Well, what is this
but teopening the trade in Africans in another
form ? The whole fact is that Massachusetts and
the New England States, where there is a laige ac-
cumulation of money and capita! and where heavy
bounties can be offered for substitutes, want to
shield theirown white population from thestorm
of battle and just go into the southern rebel States
and buy negioes, the blood and bones and life of
negioes, to place them in tiie front of battle in order
to keep the white men of the New England States
from being exposed to such danger. The measure
as it passed the Senate an^i went to the House of
Representatives nuthoiized the President of the
United States to send recruiting officers into the
southern rebel States to recruit negroes on account
of the United States at large.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator is mistaken in
that.
Mr. DAYIS. If I am mistaken, the Senator
Will coneet me
Mr. WILSON. Many other Senators are
mistaken on some points of the bill. That was
ti vote passed here and sent down to the other
House, but it was found theie was a mistake in
it. It was sent for and brought back, and then
Mr. Grimes moved a bill, which was the first
section of the original lull reported by the Sena-
tor from New Yoik, [Mr. Moroan,] with the
thud section put on by Judge Collamer, and
that was all th>Te wes before the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. If the second committee of con-
ference asked for by the Senator from Ohio had
been granted, 1 have no doubt that feature would
be introduced into the report of the second com-
219
mittee of conference. That feature would be just
and reasonable on the principles which the ma-
jority ot the Senate have assumed and laid down.
With t^at feature added to this bill by the report
of a second committee of conference, the Presi-
dent of the United States would send his recruit-
ing officers; he would select those recruiting offi-
cers from Massachusetts, if you please, and I
reckon none would have been more vigilant or
more active or more successful in the work of re-
cruiting negroes in the rebel States. He would
send these active, effective, energetic New Eng-
land recruiting officers into the rebel States to re-
cruit negroes at large, and those negroes when
recruited would be credited upon the account of
the United States at large and not of any partic-
ular State, and that ought to be the case.
If the rebel States are to be gone into for the
purpose of raising a military force to fill up our
armies, that military force ought not to be cred-
ited to Massachusetts nor Maine nor any other
State whatever. It of right, and according to the
principle of obedience and loyalty to the Govern-
ment, ought to be credited to the rebel State from
whence they were recruited; but that not being
done, the next most obviously just principle cer-
tainly is to give the benefit of these recruited ne-
groes in the rebel States to the United Statesmen-
eialiy.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to my friend from
Kentucky to allow the time to be extended a while
so that we may have this vote before the recess
takes place. Let us extend it, say, until fifteen
minutes before five. I move that the peuod for
the recess be extended.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 think we had betterrecon-
sider the vote for a recess,and sitnghton. That
will be best.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
motion ordering a recess.
The motion was agreed to. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agieemg to the report of the committee of
conference.
Mr. DAYIS. Mr. President, I protest against
this feature in the bill and upon just and suffi-
cient consideration. 1 maintain that the noith-
ern white man should not be allowed to go into
the rebel States and recruit a negro and mak< 
that negro his substitute in the Army of the United
States. If the negro owes fealty to the United
States Government and is bound to render ail of
his service to sustain and support that Govern-
ment, let him do it on his own account; regard
him as a man fronvwhom allegiance and service
to his Government are due; do not ft eat him
as a freedman or as a quasi slave, and permit
northern white freemen to go into the rebel States
and there recuut negroes to exempt them fiorrf
the same military seivice rendered by white men
in the northwestern States and the other Slates
who are notable to pay the bounties necessaty
to obtain such substitutes.
1 hope, Mr. President, that this report of the
committee of conference will not be accepted, that
it will be rejected, and that another committee of
confluence will be raised, and if that other com-
mittee of conference shall not agiee iri expunging
this feature from the bill that is certainly objec-
tionable to a majority of the Senate, it will then
be time enough for i he Senate to sacrifice the pi in-
ciple in the bill for which it has so long and so
persistently contended.
Mr. FOSTER. I do notpropose to debate this
bill at any length; but 1 \*/ant to say a woid in
reply to a suggestion that has been made so often
that 1 do not know but that somebody by and by
will get to believe it is true; and that is that the
New England State s arc desirous of shielding their
men in this war, and want the report of the com-
mittee of conference to be agreed to in oider that
they nuiy go into the rebel States and piocure ne-
groes to flight their battles for them.
Mr. DAVIS. My honorable friend will allow
me to say that I did not intend to make any in-
timation of that kind in relation to any other State
than Massachusetts. 1 think that that State by
their repieseotatives on this floor have evinced
beyond ail question that that is their purpose in
which they are persevering so strenuously.
Mr. FOSTER. Of course I do not speak for
the State of Massachusetts when she has twogen-
tlemen here so much more competent than 1 am
to speak for her; hut the honorable Senator's
phraseology he will allow me to say was a little
unfortunate, for he used over and over again the
term "the New England States."
* Mr. WILSON. With the permission of the
Senator from Connecticut, I wiil simply say what
I have said before, that we believe it would weaken
the enemy to enlist the loyal white men and the
black men in the rebel States and put them into
the armies of the United States, and we can en-
list through State agency ten men or one hun-
dred men where the Government of the United
States in the ordinary course can enlist one. I
have no disposition to shield the people of Mas-
sachusetts from their full share in the duties of
this war; and for the Army and for the Navy no
State has sent more men, unless perhaps one or
two of the western States, and not more than two
or three of them to the utmost extent, taking both
Army and Navy together; and in the field what
States have suffered more? Of thirty-three regi-
ments in the army of the Potomac engaged in the
recent battles, twenty-three have lost their com-
manders and more than half their men. Five new
legiments passed through here theotherday,four
in General Burnside's corps and one regiment of
sixteen hundred men of heavy artillery who have
gone into action, and they have lost more than
two thirds of the men they carried into those ac-
tions, and a very large share of their officers.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator from
Connecticut permit me to ask a question of the
Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. It is whether the same agents
in this business of recruiting negroes in the South
would not be as active and successful in the ser-
vice of the United States as they would be in the
service of Massachusetts?
Mr. WILSON. 1 will simply say that some
of these vety men and the first troops laised in
the rebel States we raised in the first place by
raismg$GO,000 in Massachusetts and sending Ma-
jor Stearns into the rebel States to organize them;
and for these men Massachusetts has never got
any credit, but our people did it in order to begin
the work that they believe will break down this
rebellion. I will say further in regard to it that
while men will contribute money, of course they
will do it more for themselves. I do not say that
we are unselfish about it, but I say the great mo-
tive is to teet men to break down the lebellion.
Mr. FOSTER. After the explanation of the
Senator fiom Kentucky, my remaiks will bo
shoiter even than I intended them to be at first,
and i intended them to be very short. I wish to
say, however, that so far as the feeling of the
State of Connecticut is concerned in this matter, I
think she agrees most heartily in the policy of
going into these States for th# purpose of recruit-
ing tiie Army. She does riot do it with any view
to herself personally, for it so happens that she
has furmshe.d so many men more than have been
calh d for, that if there be now an additional call
of three hundred thousand men, she will not be
called upon to furnish over two hundred, if she
will indeed so many. I believe on a full adjust-
ment of the men furnished from the State three
hundred thousand men may be called and we shall
not be asked to furnish a single man. We are in
advance to such an extent that such a force may
be ealh'd for and we have our men in the field, so
that Connecticut certainly is not claiming that
this pohey be puisued out of any legald to her
own citizens personally. She has put in the field
and has m the field nearly if not quite four thou-
sand more than have been called for from her.
One word only in regard to the policy. It is
said, the honoiable Senator from Indiana said,
that the evil was illustrated by what occurred at
a former stage of the war when different States
