492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
"You shall not sell them unless you pay six per
cent. 01- twelve per cent, or any other amount
we think proper to impose?" because, as the
Senate will see, if you have the right to increase
this tax to twenty cents or forty cents you have
'the right to increase it to any amount. The re-
sult will be,as I think, that the mercantile public,
the trading public, in whose success the interest
of the United States is so intimately connected,
will never be able to know where they are, whether
they are safe or not in engaging in any enterprise;
because if it is to be subject to your right by legis-
lation to interfere with its beneficial employment
you may interfere to the extent of ruining them.
Every man, therefore, will say to himself, It is
better that I should cease altogether to rely upon
your legislation than to engage in business on the
faith of that legislation.
Mr. President, it is for these reasons, there-
fore, entirely, and without inquiring whether in
the particular condition of the country the adop-
tion„of the amendment proposed by the commit-
tee or its rejection will benefit or injure any par-
ticular class of citizens for the time, that I cannot
agree to the proposition made by the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. GRIMES. The friends of the report of
the Committee on Finance have finally taken ref-
uge where I had no doubt they would when this
discussion began, behind some constitutional ob-
structions which they think stand in the way. The
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] insist-
ed upon it that this is class legislation that is pro-
posed by theamendment of the Senator from Wis-
consin; and he wanted to know whether or not
it was possible that any gentleman believed it to
be constitutional to select out a particular class of
citizens and impose a tax upon them. Who but
the Senator from Pennsylvania could have im-
agined that there was any class legislation heie'
We do not select any class of individuals. That
is not the proposition of the Senator from Wis-
consin; hut it is to tax a species of property which
we all admit it is competent for Congress to tax
under certain circumstances. That property may
bc^ in the hands of different classes of individuals.
The Senator said also it would be exceedingly
improper for Congress to tax this species of prop-
erty unless it taxed all other kinds of property
equally. Why, sir, is that the case? Aiewenot
in the habit of taxing some particular species of
property and not taxing others? Do we not re-
quire some kinds of manufacturers to pay a tax
and not require it of others? Is not this also the
case in the States? Do they not in some States
tax some kinds of ieal estate and exempt others?
In my State we exempt sheep from taxation, be-
cause we desire to encourage the production of
Sheep. No doubt they may exempt other kinds
of property in other States. But here is a kind
of property that we regard as a luxury, and there
are some of us who propose to tax it much heavier
than we are in the habit of taxing other kinds of
properly; and the committee's own report is based
upon the verv principle contained 111 the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
A good deal has been said hereabout distillers
appearing before the Committee on Finance,and
making representations also to individual mem-
bers of the Senate. It should be borne in mind
that there arc two classes of distillers. There is
one class of distilleis who unite in themselves
two characters, distillers and speculators; and
there is another class who are puiely distillers.
The latter class have not been before Congress.
The gentlemen who are speculator as well as
distillers very likely have been. But let nie in-
form the Senate what lia.s been my infoimation
011 this subject from a State that is one of the
corn-producing States, and has a gieut manydis-
tilleis. I have never yet received the first com-
munication tram uny man who was at all con-
nected with the whisky trade who has expressed
the slightest indwposilion to the imposition of
some tax on the amount of whisky on hand, but
1 have received divers and sundry letters from
distillers who were in favor of it. i
Mr. President, I suppose the real purpose we
should seek to attain is the interest of the Gov-
ernment; what will pay the largest amount of
taxation with the least amount of injury to the
business of the country. I think the chairman
of the Committee on Finance in his statement to
us yesterday did not tell us how much he sup-
posed would be derived from the tax on whisky
during the next six months if his ideas and the
ideas of the .committee were carried out on this
subject. If he did, I wish ho would repeat the
statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not. Of course I
did not know. The Senator will recollect, how-
ever, thatoll the whisky on hand except that man-
ufactured before the passage of the act pays twenty
cents. How much there is of it 1 do not know.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand from those who
profess to be pretty thoroughly acquainted with
the subject, and who"are not at all interested, al-
though the distillers and the speculators in liquors
about here will tell a different story doubtless,that
there is a vast amount of this article on hand; that
in anticipation of the imposition of this tax by
Congress all the distilleries have been run to their
highest possible capacity,and that there is hardly
a vacant storeroom in Cincinnati, or St. Louis, or
Chicago, or in any of the smaller classes of towns
throughout the Northwest that is not chock-full
of whisky, most of it having passed actually out
of the hands of the distilleis and now being held
by speculators. If that be so and we do not put
any tax at all upon the amount already distilled
I suppose we shall bo m about the condition we
were in when we passed our last tax upon whisky.
I recollect that the lesultsdid not correspond with
the statement tlmt had been furnished to the Com-
mittee on Finance by the Treasury Department
by several millions; 1 do not remember how much.
If we want to get money into the Treasury, if
that is what weareabout, it seems to me weshould
impose some tax on the whisky on hand. I do
not pretend to say how much it should be-. I am
willing to tiust the Committee on Finance to in-
vestigate the subject and report how much they
think the interests of the country require it should
be taxed; but 1 think that a tax can he imposed
on this article without any violation of the Con-
stitution, with great advantage to the Govern-
ment, and without the sacrifice of any private in-
terests.
The Senator from Pennsylvania told us that he
did not think the dominant, party ought to be in
favorof this pioposition of tlx; Senator from Wis-
consin. I am not going to allow my conduct here
to be influenced by any such appeals as that; but
if I were influenced by any such thing, one of the
last votes I would give would be against the prop-
osition of the Senator from Wisconsin; for 1 be-
lieve the vast majority of the people will imagine,
whatever may be the fact, that we may have pos-
sibly been influenced in our votes in behalf of the
speculators rather than in behalf of the men who-
raise the corn and who manufacture it into whisky
at home. But, sir, 1 am not to be affected by any
such appeal as that from the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. I am going to vote for the proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin because 1 believe
that the best interests of the Treasury will be con-
served by it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, in speaking of the distillers m his neigh-
borhood, 1 have no doubt spoke of the situation
of distillers who have large quantities of whisky
on hand. The statement made by the Senator from !
Iowa has correctly shown the distinction between j
distillei s who are simply distillers, who purchase j
the gram and manufacture it into whisky and put i
it upon the market for sale as a regular business, |
and those who buy up large quantities of liquor !
for purposes of speculation. I agree also with ;
the Senator from Kentucky that stability m legis- ;
lation is necessary so far as it is attainable; but ■
we know very well that stability in ourlegislation .
Oil the subject of taxation during this gjeat war
is an impossibility. Our legislation of "necessity !
is unstable. The purpose which it seems to me
we should have ill view is to make that very insta- '
bility which the necessities of the times force upon j
us weigh with as little injustice as possible upon !:
the various inteiests of the country. ;
Now, my first proposition is this: that a tax, i|
ifitbe practicable to be laid, which reaches evei y >
gallon of whisky now in existence, is the most j:
just and equal tax that can be imposed upon it; j!
because it laises the price of the article in the 'j
hands of the distiller, or in the handsof the pur-
chaser. Whoever has (lie whisky on hand is !|
benefited by the legislation, so far as the raising i
of the price of the article on "hand is concerned, l!
Mr. FESSENDEN. Unless he bought it be- II
fore the price was raised on account of the tax,
he is out of pocket.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How is he injured ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking about
that. You say lie is benefited.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. When we undertake to
benefit the Government by our legislation, and
that is our purpose, we should undertake to ben-
efit the Government with as little injury as pos-
sible to the individual. I do not say we are to
legislate for the purpose of benefiting either the
manufacturer or the holder of the spirits on hand;
but we should injuie neither if we can but shape
our legislation so as to accomplish thatpurpose.
Now, sir, what are the facts? A very intelli-
gent gentleman conversing with me on this sub-
ject estimated the annual consumption of spirits
at eighty million gallons. There are now about
forty million onhand. Thereis six months'con-
sumption of the country'oil hand now in the hands
of these distillers and speculators who have manu-
factured it for the purpose of holding it, or in the
hands of those who purchased it for the purpose
of holding it for speculation What is a lax of
twenty cents a gallon on four million gallons? It
is $8,000,000. You put that into the Treasury
substantially if you tax the liquor on hand. If
you do not tax the liquor on hand you do notget
the §8,000,000. It does not injuie the distillers,
because the very tax we put on the iiquoi raises
the price of liquor usually more than the amount
of the tax. Why, sir, you cannot go into a drug
store to buy anything that contains alcohol but
they put on it more than three times the amount
of the additional tax on any article which they
offer for sale.
But my honorable friend from Maryland says
that theie is a principle involved which would be
violated by this kind of legislation. I do not so
understand it. I understand that we can put a
tax on sales as well as a tax on manufactures, and
this bill can be so framed that this additional tax
shall be levied on the sales of the whisky which
is now on baud. If our legislation in times like
these was stable or likely to'be stable there would
be perhaps great force in an appeal that might be
made in behalf of the bona fide pui chaser; but, sir,
it does not apply with any force here, because it
lias been known with just as much certainty as
anything which has not occurred can be known,
that upon this article of liquor an additional tax
was to be levied, and these distillers have manu-
factured and hold up this article on hand for the
purpose of defrauding the Government, for it
amounts to that. I use it in Lhe sense in which a
pei son may be said to do an act in fraud of the
law or in fraud of the Government, as we say of
a monopoly; for 1 have been informed there have
been large companies formed to monopolize the
liquor on hand. Knowing, as they did, to a moral
certainty that this very legislation must takeplace,
that theie must be an additional tax laid on liquor,
it seems to me they cannot appeal to us that we
are inflicting a wrong and an injustice on them
when by our legislation we propose to levy an
equal tax on all the liquor on hand, winch will
raise the price of all the liquors m the hands of
speculators as well as in the hands of the manu-
factuiers and everybody else, and put them on a
footing of equality. If you allow the six months'
supply of liquor which is now on hand of forty
million gallons to escape from taxation, you will
get no revenue to the Government for six months
to come, and these men will take the whole of this
revenue to themselves.
I do not know any reason why we cannot tax
this species of property as well as we can tax
hoises. I suppose theieis no doubt that we mio-ht
levy a tax on all the horses of the country, who-
ever owns them at the [.resent time, or that we
could levy a tax on the sale of horses. We must
make it uniform, apply it to everybody and all
sections of the country. So we can put a tax on
the sale of liquor, and not violate'any cousiitu-
tional provision, nor, as it seems to me, violate
any vested rights or any good faith on our part.
We tax carriages. Everybody who has a car-
riage worth more than twoliundred dollars lias to
pay a ceitam tax under the laws as tliey now ex-
ist I do not see the injustice of the imposition
of tins mx which is expressed by my friend from
AJaryland, ltsvcms to me to be the fairer way
to tax this property m the hands of all alike.
Mr. HOWE. The question which is now under
