1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 1],
for him and for tb« cofonfry-t^reconcil*, if it he- i
possible, that declaration th'eri solemnly made l)y
Ills recorded vote, with his belief now announced!
that the .rebellion cannot be put down, and that
there remains nothing for us bat to lecognizcthat
insurrectionary pretended government and to ac-
cent it as one of the nationalities of the world.
If#remaining ciause ofthatsercond resolution
was likewise carried by the unanimous consentof
tire; House. Gentlemen upon the other side af-
ffectedto believe that " the causes of the rebel-
lion" were not what I plainly intended—slavery
and the slave power, and the slave influence in
ihik country; and so we united, they construing
th$ language of the resolution in one way, and I
land all the- Union members here in another. By
that motion, then, perhaps nothing was taken.
Under such a subterfuge gentlemen escaped the
issue I presented.
Rut there remained another resolution, the third
and last of the series:
• u Resolved, That in tins struggle which is going on for the
saving of ouf enimliy and tree Government, there h ho
ttfiiddlo ground on which anv good citizen or iiiio patriot
er n stand; nuntiaiity, or uidillerenco, or anything *«hoitof
a hearty suppoit of the, Government, being a cume where
the question is between loyalty and treason."
'• That resolution also passed this House by a
ilnanimous vote. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] was not present,
and some who were present did not vole; but one
hundred nnd nine, being all that did vote upon
the question, recorded their names iu the affirma-
tive. Again there was not one negative. My
colleague, whose case we have now before us, was
here. He had voted on the previous resolution
but declined to answer upon tins. With some
fifteen other gentleman upon that side of the
House he prefened to dodge the issue, and they
avoided being brought to a test whethw they be-
lieved in Much middle ground or not. Upon this
middle ground, upon whichit was agreed no pah lot
or true man can stand, the gentleman lVom New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] selects his uncer-
tain footing. It is the dark, oozy, unwholesome
ftoil, between the solid eaith on either side, over
which unclassified copperheads do cteep, nnd
mark then- .slimy and doubtful track.
But what iiSMimnce have wo that the member
from New York is going to occupy hereafter and
consistently even the ground he has assumed to-
day ? H*' says he rs no disnnionist. 1 fe declares
against the war; he is forcompromise; for nego-
tiation With rebels; for peace to be acquired in
that way. Yet unlike my colleague [Mr. Long J
he would not think of giving up' the integrity of
the Union. But wh.Uaro his'antecedenls? Where
Stood he at the beginning nnd after the beginning
of this gieat struggle lor the life of I lie nation ? !
will turn a«id« here for a monu nt to consider as
one of the remarkable passages in the speech of
Vny colleague [Mr. Long] the account he lias
sought to impose upon the country of the com-
mencement of the war; and then I will see if we
can find what, position was in that eatlier day
taken by the gentleman from New Yoik.
My colleague [M r. Long] in the speech for the
Utterance of which lie is now held to account be-
fore the House; has said that hostilities against
•tlm Government of the United States did not com-
mence until after the inauguration of President
Lincoln. Me duehues that those hostilities wore
brought on by the desueof (he President of the
United States; and ihe country being di.uvu into
,Uby a trick thy wnr proceeded and from ihatpomt
has been progressing. That I may not he sup-
posed to misrepresent his language! will read
from the report of his speech us I have it now be-
foie me; m
*• A«eci et meeting of the Governors of a nmnhrr of State*
was footi after hold in this city. A schi mo was dov^td
and a vcf.>eI sent out, under pretense of Jnr'ii«!nii" prov'tb- '
jona to the unops  with Major Anderson in FoitVainier. !
On anis'ion m Charlatan Uatboi the people o{ that eity '
fired upon the fort. The telegraph bote the hows to this ^
city, and on us first mention to the President iu* exclaimed" j
'I hnew they would do it;' which to my mind is conclusive !
ihut it way intended expre--ly soi that pmpooe. Seventy- !
five thousand men were immediately calied foi ; \y,n was
inaugurated ; twenty days were given the nismgents to lay
down their ai in- ; an addition u five hundred thousand men
wore M oii .--all d foi; ho-iiiiti"s commenced ''
That, Mr. Sneaker, professes to be history;
and yet t more ^ross, more unwat ran'ahlo, bolder
jtcrvei^ion and misivpreVientation of facts was
never perhaps presented to the public car. Hos-
tilities ''omuienecd ' When 5 Aftf r Mr, Lincoln
was inaugurated, he says, and not until then;
after relief had been sent to the garrison at Fort.
Sumter; after relief had been sent there for the
very purposeof provoking hostilities; after troops
had been called out time and again to put down
the insurgents. Now, is it not well known that
before Mr. Lincoln, by inauguration, became the
President of the United States, as early as in the
December previous,our own western steamboats
were attacked and our travel and commercc inter-
rupted and stopped by batteries planted for that
purpose on the banks of the Mississippi river by
order of the rebel Governor of one of the rebel
Stales? Is it not known to all that in January,
1861, an ocean steamer, the Star of the West,
bearing our flag, was fired upon as she entered
the harbor of Charleston and compelled to turn
and put to sea, as from a hostile port. And yet,
my colleague here, in the face of these and other
notorious facts, as I have heard others equally
reckless elsewhere, dares, for the sake of putting
his own Government m the wiong, to aver that
not the traitor rebels but our own authorities in-
augurated civil war; fixing its commencement
months after these events had transpired.
Hut to return. I said I would refer to this with
a view to the former position of the gentleman
from NewYork, [Mr. Fernando Wood.] When-
ever and however hostilities commenced, where
then was he, and what was his relation to the
gieat tebellious movement by which was sought
to be destroyed the integrity and unity of his
country?
"When our difficulties with the South were ripen-
ing into war, when hostilities were actually com-
menced, when it was not known how far disaf-
fection might extend throughout the se\ oral States
of this Union, there was a mayor of New York
who proposed that that city should secede from
the Government of the United States, and setup
lor itself as a " free city," on the patiern ofinde-
pendent political communities of that soi t known
on the Kuionean continent.
Mr. FKRNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPKA li.HR jiro tempo) c. Docs the gentle-
man from Ohio yield to the gentleman from Now
\'oi k ?
Mr. SCMKNCK. I cannot be interrupted, sir,
but will continue as the gentleman insisted on
doing when others sought to inteirupt him.
Not that alone, sir; the same mayor of New
York, altei lebcihon was ah cady rampant, when
boxes filled with arms were stopped by tin; loyal
city authoi ities on the wharves or New York, and
not p< rimtted to go South, that weapons might be
put into the hands of those infernal scoundrels
who were seeking to overthrow the Government
and tiie country; that same mavor, on being tel-
egraphed to, leplied that he regretted lie had no
power over the matter, oi he would gladly prevent
any inteiference with such transmission of these
munitions of war.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SCIIKNCK. Yes, i know that that has
bet n denied here, a shoi t time ago, by that gen-
tleman on this floor, and without heanng hmi
now, I give him the benefit of that denial. But
he shall also have the benefit of the positive proof
produced and published widely m the papers of
New Yoilc a few days afterwards, nailing upon
him (he falsity of the denial which he presented
lO this House.
Mr. FHliNANDO WOOD, Mr. Speaker  
Mi. SOUUNCK. i am not to be interrupted
by that member.
Air. FERNANDO WOOD, The gentleman
states what is false.
Mr. SCHENCiv, I have met icbels before,
when they had something moi e than tongues With
which to contend, and i am not to be interrupted
or put down hy the member from Nt w York. As
that gentleman has entertained the House by the
reading of some precious extracts, [ propose also
to send something to the Clerk's desk to be read.
U is an extract-from a paper recently published
in "ins own city.
The Clerk read, as follows:
'•Mr. l>\_RjiANPO Wood lias the effrontery to dentin
the lloii-;?, that while maun oi New Yoik lie sent a dis-
patch to Georgia le^r^n nmtiiaf arm* intended i.u mat Htate
had been stopped in New Yoik, lie ineiied that ln< dis-
patch relaied to mesc handle ou'y. line uie the di-patcho,
Mii.i.r.Doi:viT,!,R. January --it. I Ml.
To hi« Hoooi Mayoi Wooi,
!•< it tine that any arae5 nit aided fur find consigned to
the gtate of Georgia have been sei'/.ed by pubiie authorities
in Ndw York? Youranswer is important to usand to New
York. Answer at ouec. It. TOOMDS. •
" To this the mayor returned the following answei:
Hon. Robert Toombs, Mdicdgeviiic, Georgia:
In leply to vour dispatch I regret to ^ay Hint arms in-
tended for and consigned to the State of Georgia have been
seized by the police of this State, hut that the city of New
York should in no way be made responsible for the outrage.
As mayor 1 have no authority over the police. If I had
the power I should summarily punish the authois of this
illegal and unjustifiable seizuie of private ptopeuv.
b J FERNANDO WOOD.
" Now wiiat excuse will Mr. Wood have to offer to the
House?" A
Mr. SCHENCK. That will do. I will ask
the question myself; ask it, too, under the light
of the further fact that six days before that at-
tempt to give comfort to rebels in arms, Georgia
had solemnly declared her secession from the
Union, and set herself up by that solemn act in
open rebellion. It was an " outrage" not to send
arms, and he is no war Democrat! Sir, he is a
wai Democrat, but what kind of a war Democrat?
His "war Democracy "consists in an indorsement
of a war by his fellow-rioters, led forward under
the influence of his teachings in NewYork, wUo
foully and cruelly murdered, among others, even
one of the officers of your noble Army wlnle wear-
ing the national uniform!
Oh, no; probably he slunk away in the midstof
that not. Probably he was not seen in the &treet.
Probably he held no weapon in his hand and ap-
plied no torch to any dwelling. But who does
not know that it was the uniform teachings of him
and his school that roused that angry, that unre-
flecting, that ignoiant populace into deeds of vio-
lence, of ruin, of rapine, of murder, in which it
indulged?
And now he standshere talkingsmoothlyabout
peace, and about being no war Democrat!
Hut, sir, i have another reminiscence for him.
There was a time when he was a war Democrat
—ay, and a war Democrat of the true stripe, too—
not a war against defenseless women and children
in the streets of New York. After he had pro-
posed the secession of the city of New York, after
lie regretted that he could not help Geoigia with
arms, he became, about the 17th or 18th of April,
1861, alarmed by the roused indignation and
swelling voices of a then whole, united loyal peo-
ple, and met and addressed that people at their
great meeting in Union square. And there he
pledged himself to assembled thousands that he
was for the war, and was for the Union. I ap-
prehend he found it convenient to have it under-
stood then that he was a war Democrat, just like
those whom he now denounces around him.
Perhaps he will deny this too. Let him. Hap-
pening to be present in New York, and invited,
1 spoke on that occasion—you may call it honor
or dishonor, as you will—fiom the same stand
with him to those assembled thousands, I had
no acquaintance with him, but i stood near him
while he was thus delivering himself and making
those loyal pledges and avowals.
i say, theieforc, that I do not know what kind
of a war Democrat he may be hereafter, whether
he will be against his own people and the Gov-
ernment of the United States, as he is now, or
against the insurgents, as he was then. His
piesent profession is to be neither, but to crawl
along on the border between the two and try '
neutrality, which has never yet been attempted
by any State or people that it has not proved their
curse and ruin. But, sir, he would propose terms
of peace, and that peace he would offer to those
who scorn lum. lie would propose terms of
peace to those who will extend to him no hand
of welcome at his coming. But still he will press
upon his sou them friends his good offices, rein ctant
as they may be.
Sir, lie sings this siren song of peace for the ef-
fect he hopes it may have at home. I ask him
again, what mode of seeking peace is that except
to crawl prostrate to the feet of insurgents in arms
and say to them, " Do with us as you will, tear
fiom the flag of our glorious Union half its gleam-
ing stripes, blot out as many of those stars as you
can reach and extinguish, only join us a^am thai
you may help us to save the Democratic party,
: so that we may hereafter, as heretofore, enjoy
j power and the offices together. For these we will
j so humble ourselves as none of God's creatures
| ever humbled themselves before.55 [Laughter.]
! Mr. Speaker, the member from NewYork 1ms
