3490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
in the Union were authorized to procure arms
and the United States would pay the States who
thus procured them, making of course competi-
tion in the market for arms and laising the price,
and the conscquence here he thought' would be
the same; by going into these States seeking re-
cruits, different States offering different bounties,
competition would raise the price so that there
would be large amounts of money expended, and
the rich States, as he seemed to indicate, would
get the men and the poorer States would not. I
submit to him that it' that policy in regard to arms
could be tried in the rebel forces to-day, it would
be excellent policy, and the honorable Senator
from Indiana would say so. Suppose we could
get into General Robeit E. Lee's army to-day
and purchase arms, would tt not by all means be
well, even although we paid two or three prices
for them? If we could disarm the soldiers of that
army by purchasing those arms would it be worth
while to higgle about the price? if the different
States could go there and get them, would not the
United States pay the expenses and pay the bills,
although by sending ddferent States we made the
competition great and made the prices high?
Should we not weaken and disband the army
of the enemy if we succeeded in the measure ?
Clearly we should.
The same thing will occur now if we go into
the rebel States and take able-bodied men out of
those States. It is true we do not take them di-
rectly from the rebel army, but we take them
under such circumstances that we weaken the
enemy almost as much as though we took the
men directly out of the rebel seivice. We take
the men who are engaged in raising the bread and
meat which supply that aimy; and if we take
away those men wo take awuy the foundation on
which this rebellion rests. If the men who aie
now engaged in procuring the food, the provis-
ions, for the ai my maintained by the rebels now
in the field are taken away, we destroy thaturmy
almost as entirely as though we took the muskets
out of their hands, their aitillery, their swords,
their bayonets, all from them. We take their
lives when we take the means whereby they live.
This policy does it; and although Yankees are
charged generally with being somewhat greedy,
and looking to make a good bargain, I, a thor-
oughbred Yankee and proud of my ojigin, am
not disposed very much to stand on the price it
may cost us to put soldiets in the field when we
take the men whoare themselves the life-blood of
this rebellion. I am willing to pay large bounties.
Why ? These men, the ho notable Senator says,
are not equal to intelligent white men. Grant it;
but when we take a man from the rebel ranks,
although he may not be equal to one of ours, we
take from the enemy one at the same time. If lie
bo equal to ourselves, we get two men. For every
one man that is thus obtained we get two by a
law of mathematics. For every man half equal
to an intelligent white man we get a full man, as
counted against the rebels.
Onder these circumstances I think it is policy
to send all the loyal States and all the agents of
those Slates into these rebel States and deplete
them if possible, get eveiy man that can be got,
and pay the highest bounties that will tempt the
men to go. We can suucely lay out out money
better. I trust, Mr. President, we shall accede
to the leport of the committee of conference, and
that we shall have no further trouble on this
question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There would be force in
the argument of the Senator who has just taken
his seat were it not for one difficulty, that we
cannot go within the lines of the enemy to re-
cruit. If Massachusetts or the Senator's own
Slate sends agents down to North Carolina or
South Carohnaor any other State in insurrection,
they will have to stop in their operations within
the territory which is occupied by the Union
army; and the negroes that are employed within
that scope of country, if employed in industrial
pursuits under the presentpolicy of the Treasury
Department, if it amounts to a policy at all, are
engaged m supplying the Union Army instead of
the lebel army. It is the negroes within the
rebel lines that feed the rebel aimy; and if the
Treasuiy Department policy rises to the dignity
of a policy at all, as I have said, the negioes em-
ployed by f be Union men within the Union lines
are employed to feed the Union Army. Now the
Senator's argument stopsjust at the line dividing
the two forces. If he could carry his agents as
he carries his argument, beyond that line, there
would be force in it; but inasmuch as he cannot
go within the enemy's lines where the negroes
are employed in raising pioducts to feed the
rebel army, the argument falls short of convincing
any person, I should think.
Mr. President, I do not intend to occupy the
time of the Senate in discussing this measure. It
is not a measure to strengthen the Army. It is
a measure to allow certain favored States, (which
in the House of Representatives will not allow
the bill to pass, and which say to the Senate it
shall not pass except they are heard according
10 their particular wish,) instead of furnishing
white soldiers, to furnish negro mercenaries to
fill up their places in the Army, mercenaries that
for a year, according to the admission in debate
of the Senator from Massachusetts, will not he
valuable to the public service. When a man is
enrolled in Massachusetts he is allowed under the
provisions of this bill to stay at home to make
Ins profits in contracts and manufacturing pur-
suits, and in his stead the agent of his State goes
to North Carolina or South Carolina and brings
a negro and hands him over to General Grant,
and General Grant can make no use of him. Can
he place that negro alongside of a veteian5 lie
cannot do it without producing revolution in
General Grant's army, I undertake to say. You
may force the negroes into the cars m the Dis-
trict of Columbia, into personal and social equal-
ity with white men; but there is one thing you
cannot do, if I properly appreciate the courage,
gallantry, and valor ot the white race that now
compose the Army: you cannot place the negro
in the same tent to sleep and eat with the white
soldier; you cannot place him alongside the white
soldier m the regiments without a revolution in
your Army. Is the Senator from Connecticut
willing to risk it ? Is he willing to risk taking the
raw recruit from a South Cat olina plantation with
his peculiar habits as a slave? Js he willing to
risk a revolution in the Army by placing these
negro recruits in veteran legiments? It'cannot
be done; but you can bring the white soldier
from Connecticut and put him alongside the
while soldier in the Army, and the next day that
white soldier is equal to a veteran and is valuable
to General Grant.
This is not a proposition to strengthen the
Army; it is a proposmon lo weaken the Army
and to make a very large portion of the lurce un-
available to the generals that aie now m thefield.
You say that for a year (he white men of Con-
necticut and Massachusetts may remain at home
if they will only supply to the army of General
Grant a negro. You lake a valuable man from
the seivice, a man timi you have all stud owed
service lo the country, a man that ought not to
be allowed to pay money, but you allow him to
pay a tfegro. With $300, as experience has
shown, you can procure a volunteer for a year;
you can have a white man; but this policy is, in-
stead of allowing the white men of the North to
pay their money which up to this time has fur-
nished volunteois, they shall pay the negroes in
their stead and hand them over, though they are
not valuable to the service, not strengthening Gen-
eral Giant in his campaign against Richmond, is
tins not plain? What Senator can question it?
I think the eastern States, and I call upon Sen-
ators to witness that I have not made sectional
arguments on this question, have had advantages
enough already. They had the commutation
when they were drafted, and each ยฃ>300 under
tins bill, as I undeistand it, will stand as part of
their quota up to this time. When ยง300 have
been paid in tiie eastern States where the draft,
has been enforced that stands as the discharge
i of a man; but in Indiana and the western States
where the diaft has not been enforced, where it
was not needed to be enforced, where men came
up and volunteered, you require that the men
shall respond, and how? Do you say that we
have an equal privilege m going down the liver
and securing negroes to pay the commutation
j with the negro instead of j>300? I say no, for
; your bill excludes Tomiessue; ltexdudesAikan-
| sas; it excludes Louisiana, and leaves us alone
i the northern portion ol Alabama, and where are
; we to go? When the young farmer oi Indiana
i is dratted where is he to go for ins negro? It I
is very easy for Massachusetts to send down the
coast and land in North or South Carolina or in
the occupied portions of Florida, if there be any
now occupied, and there to buy up negroes and
come up to General Grant and tell him, 45 We pay
you for our white men with these negroefe; use
them,"
1 say this bill is not right, and it is not as effi-
cient for the Government as the old law. The
old law brings men or it bungs money. If it
brings money that brings a volunteer. As the
Secretary said in his report to Congress last win-
ter, the commutation money had been used to
procure volunteers. Now I a .Ik Senatois how
they can say that we oppose the Government. I
oppose paying a commutation in negioes if we
aie not allowed in the Northwest to pay a com-
mutation in money. The right policy is, as I
believe, to encourage volunteering, and the last
policy is to pay off m a negro instead of money
or instead of a soldier.
Mr. President, I am not responsible for this
measure, nor is the Senate. The Senate said the
other day by a very large vote that this was not
right. What new argument has shown that it is
right? What statement of facts not known to
the Senate before has convinced us that it is right?
By thiee votes to one the Senate the other day
said they would not sanction such a proposition;
and now the Senator from Massachusetts tells the
Senate that the bill is lost, and why? Because
Massachusetts in the House of Representatives
will not vote for it; because Massachusetts in the
House of Representatives says, "Wewill pay off
for our white men in negroes,or the bill shall not
pass," and Senators turn around against their
judgment and yield to the dictation of the other
House under such circumstances. Foronc,l do
not propose to do it. If the other House* chooses
to defeat the bill, if Massachusetts in the other
House chooscs to defeat it, let her take the re-
sponsibility. I do not think there is any public
lossin its defeat; f do not think the Army wiii be
weakened by it; 1 do not look for the filling up
of the Army under this bill; but I look for fan
when Massachusetts agents get up from South
Carolina with their field hands and bring them to
General Grant in new regiments already organ-
ized and tell him to take Richmond with those
legimen ts.
Senatois know that he cannot use them effi-
ciently. They know, and it is admitted by the
chairman, who is very conversant with this sub-
ject, ihat even white men for the first months of
their enlistment are not valuable; they do not know
how to fight; they do not know how to take care
of themselves in war. Theyaregood to make a
charge. Everybody says they are desperate in
a charge; but m the deliberate and long fight, and
in the strategic movements that are necessary,
they are not the valuable soldiers that the veterans
are. But on the other hand let these agents bring
their field hands up from South Carolina and hand
them not organized into regiments over to Gen-
eral Grant and tell him to incorporate them into
the old regiments; it would be an interesting spec-
tacle about that period of time. It cannot be done.
This bill is not right. If Senators choose they
may pass it, and get down before the other House,
for the chairman of the committee says n must
be so, because the House will not agree to what
the Senate thinks is right. Be it so. It is an af-
firmative pioposmon. It is commutation in ne-
groes. The Senate says, "No commutation in
money," and the House says, "We will agree
to that, but we will have commutation in ne-
groes."
Mr. C0NNESS. That is a gain.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not a bit of gain. You
leave a valuable man in Massachusetts who could
be placed in a veteran regiment and is equal to a
veteran, and you bring a man into the fluid in his
stead that is not his equal or half his equal, as the
Senator must know. If you organize ihem in
new regiments you know they are not valuable,
and you cannot put them in with the veterans, as
the Senator said the other day in debate was the
useful mode of incorporating new men. That is
what was the purpose, he said, of an eatly draft,
not tor the new regiments but to fill up tho old
ones. That is what want. Pie says ; hey ,u*e
skeletons now, and he wants to putflesh upon the
skeleton, but how? Not by black flesh. You
cannot do it. You will disorganize, you will dis-
