1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
tracts a portion only, and generally a very modeiatc por-
tion, of the addition made to the fortune of an individual,
so that every one lias a much stioirger inducement to in-
vite than penalty to deter accumulation, if a person had
to pay 200f. more in taxes upon evoiy addition M' i,000f.
to his revenue, still he would multiply lus enjoyments in a
larger ratio than his sacrifices."
I have'read these passages simply by way of
giving the testimony of an eminent authority on
this question when viewed in the light of princi-
ple, and I come back again to what-1 said at the
beginning, that in our country at this moment,
according to the best of my inquiries, the tax that
is proposed by the Housft of Representatives and
which our committee proposes to strike out would
not be very productive, and I have reason to be-
lieve that it would be odious. I do not think that
we shall accomplish enough by it to pay for what
it will cost.
Mr. DAVIS. The first remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts in relation to
this subject indicated t§ my mind thatheintended
to vote against the amendment proposed by the
committee and to adhere to the proposition of the
House of Reffresentatives. I received that enun-
ciation of what I deemed to be his position witli
a good deal of pleasure. Itis so seldom thatthat
honorable Senator is right, that when he gets into
that neighborhood it seems to me he ought to be
a little more constant in sticking to it.
The honorable Senator's second speech was *
entirely against his first position. He has now
come forward with a third speech and a most em-
inent authority that reasons the subject philo-
sophically and with great force in favor of his first
position and against the amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance, and foran adherene.H
to the proposition as it came from the other House.
I was sorry to hear the honorable Senator say that
he intended to vote against his speech and against
the principles of his speech, and especially against
the high authority from which lie read.
It seems to my mind that the reasoning of that
French author upon this subject is absolutely con-
clusive. Jn relation to taxes and the payment of
debts something like this general principle is rec-
ognized in the system of all the States and the
United States: that'men shall pay according to
• their ability to pay; that a bare, stinted subsist-
ence, that which is necessary to hold body and
soul together, to use a homely but expressive
phrase, shall not be taxed, nor shall it be charged
with the payment of a debt, even in the form of
execution or of attachment. Hence there is a
modicum of property, I believe, in the systems of
all the States, exempt from attachment and execu-
tion. The same principle of graduation is recog-
nized in relation to taxes,and is, with general in-
distinctness, I think, acted upon in all the systems,
whether State or national, that impose taxes; and
it is that taxes shall be imposed according to the
ability of men to pay. .
The honorable Senator from Maryland says that
this graduation of incomes for "the purposes of tax-
ation was recognized in England. It has been rec-
ognized in the legislation of Congress also. It
was incorporated in the former bill, and in that
bill incomes under, $600 were not subject to he
taxed at all, as they are not proposed to be taxed
in the pending act. The former biii subjected in-
comes between $600 and #10,000 per annum, if I
recollect aright, to three per cent., and 1 believe
that that is enough tax to impose upon small in-
comes. Why are incomes under $600 all exempt
from taxation? It is simply upon the ground of
the absolute necessity of those incomes for the
subsistence of the father of a family and the mem-
bers of the family. Does not that recognize the
principle against which gentlemen debate, that
taxes upon incomes shall not be arithmetically
pqual ? That is not the principle of legislation on
the subject, but the principal is a general, vague
recognition of the idea that taxes shall be paid ac-
cording to the ability of persons to pay.
Now, sir, which is mostable to pay—an income
between $600 and $10,000, five per cent., or an
excess of income above $25,000 to pay a rate of
ten per cent.? Every man's income to tjie amount
of $600 is exempt. In thatpointof view the pro-
vision is equal and uniform upon all income. In-
comes between $600 and $10,000 are by this bill
subject to a tax of five per cent. A duty of seven
and a half per cent, is proposed by the House of
Representatives on the excess over $10,000 and
not exceeding $25,000, and a duty of ten per cent.
on the excess over g25,000. The effect of the
amendment of the Committee on Finance is to
exempt incomes above $25,000 from the increased
taxation. It is apparent to every one that $25,000
is as much as any man ought to require for his
annual support.as a general rule; that any in-
come above §25,000 is in excess and redundant,
and that there is no necessity and no just and
wise political economy that ought to operate upon
Congress to induce it to protect by its legislation
in war times the t-xcess of income in any man's
case above $25,000.
The honorable Senator from Illinois placed the
subject in another aspect that struck me forcibly.
He said truly that the poor men do the figh^jng
in the war. Will any gehtleman point to me a
single millionaire or a man in the United States
whose income is above $23,000 that has gone to
the field?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can'point the Senator
to one, and who fell in the field; and that is Gen-
eral Wadsworth.
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; and he went into the
field with two epaulets on his shoulders.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator will pardon me.
I know men who went in as privates and who
served as privates who were worth over a milliop
dollars.
Mr. DAVIS. They were eminently praise-
worthy; but I imagine the number is very few.
Mr. FOSTER. Because there are very few
who have that amount of money.
Mr. DAVIS. They are exceptional eases.
Mr. HOWE. As my friend is in quest of in-
formation, antl I am devoted to the educational
interest, let me tell him an instance. The Pay-
master General informed me—I" think it was about
two years ago, when our finances were a little
ieduced—that a piivate from the State of Con-
necticut called in and lent the Government forty-
odd thousand dollars to pay some arrearages.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That, I suppose, is the
same case that was mentioned by the Senator
from Connecticut.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know.
Mr. FOSTER. Not the one.
Mr. DAVIS. There are miracles in this time
of national trouble and of war, but they are very
few. The idea that millionaires and men whose
incomes exceed $25,000 as a general rule go into
the camp is not supposable. There may be some
exceptional cases; but if they go into camp at all
it is not by shouldeung the musket, unless in very
rare cases. They do not send their sons there as
a general rule unless the sons go with epaulets
upon their shoulders.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Sewator is very much
mistaken. In New England a great many of the
sons of the richest men have gone in as privates.
Mr. DAVIS. ^All honorable praise to them.
Such men us those do not want #25,000 and up-
wards of income exempted fiom the three addi-
tional per cent, of taxation.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit me
to state 
Mr. DAVIS. I have called up, I believe,the
whole bee-hive. [Laughter.]
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend permit me
to state another case where a distinguished citi-
zen, and 1 have no doubt a man of great fortune,
went into the battle-field, as has been stated pos-
itively to me, with a musket on his shoulder—
the case of Hon. Garrett Davis Of Kentucky?
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAvIS. Mr. President, I went in with-
out asking a dollar of pay.
Mr. CONNESS. Deserving the more honor
for that.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentlemen will give- me
an income of $25,000, they shall not only have
ten per cent, upon the excess above $25,000 but
the whole of it. [Laughter.]
The gentlemen who have such enormous estates
and whose estates and personal rights are pro-
tected by the Governmentand by its continuance,
m this tune of war onghUnot to grudge a-tax on
the excess above an annual income of $25,000 to
go to save the life of the nation, over which we
have heard so many lucubrations.
No, Mr. President, my principle has always
been, and is now, that all that is due from a man
in the payment of debts, and especially in the.
payment of taxes for the protection which his Gov-
ernment gives to him and to his property, ought
to be assessed upon the general principle of abil-
ity to pay. He that owns most ismosiable to pay.
He that owns most is mostTargely protected. £Ee
thathas an income above $25,Q00 is infinitely more
able to pay than the man who has an income offrom
six hundrtedto a thousand dollars. The one might
part with all thatexces^withoutany injustice tQ his
family, without any injustice to himself, and,the
other is taxed when the tax is a charge upon the
actual comforts and wants of those whom itis his ^
duty to maintain and support. I hope myself that
the amendment offered by the Committee on Fi-
nance will not beadopted. 1 think,onthecontrary,
that there ought to be a proposition to strike out
"five" and restore the tax of "three" per cent.%
upon incomes between $600 and $10,000.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,*
resulted:
YEAS — Mess%f. #nthony, 'Chandler, Clark, Collrtmer,
Cowan, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Ilairis, Howe, Johnson,
Moigan, Morrill, Porneroy, Powell, Sherman, Sprague,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wiliey—22.
NAYS — Messrs. Carlile, Conness, Davis, Doolittlc,
Gtirnes, I-Iailan, Hendricks, Howard, Lane of Indiana,
,Laue of Kansas, Nesmith, Ramsey, Trumbull, Wilkinson,
'and Wilson—15.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Dixon, Hale,
Harding, Henderson, Hicks, McDougall, Richardson, Kid- *
die, Saulsbury, and Wrigltt—12.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read 4he next amendment of the
committed, in section one hundred and fifteen, line
twenty-three, to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That only one deduction of $600 shall be made
from the aggregate incomes of ali the members of any one
family composed of parent and minor children, or husband
and wife, exeppt in cases where such separate ineome shall
be derived from the separate and individual gains or labors
of the wife oi child; and the deduction in such cases made
shall be allowed only upon the Income ol the head of family.
And to insert:
Jlnd provided further, That net profits realized by galea
of property upon investments made within the year, for
which Income is estimated, shall he chargeable as income;
and losses on sales of property purchased within the year,
for which income is estimated, shall be deducted from the
income of such year.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for a division of the
question, i desire to have a separate vote on
striking put the provilo in the bill as it came to
us from the House of Representatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) Then the question will be on striking
out that proviso.
Mr. SHERMAN. I. hope that proviso will
not be stricken out. It was intended to prevent
frauds that were perpetrated under the old act; and
I think if Senators will read it they will agree that it
should be retained. The'-object was to prevent
the head of a family from dividing up his income
among his wife and children, and thus covering
his whole income by the exemption. I was not
present in the Committee on Finance when the
proviso was stricken out, but I am informed by
the chairman of the committee that it was deemed
better to strike it out because there was no reason
for making the discrimination. I think lean see
a very obvious reason. The purpose of the ex-
emption of $600 is to provide enough of food and
the absolute necessaries of life for the head of a
family free from taxation; but where the different
members of a family have each separate property
all derived from the same source, 1 do not see why
the same exemption should extend to all of them.
If the wife has a separate and independent prop-
erty, she is entitled to the deduction of $000 under
the language of the proviso as it now reads; and
where the property of the child is derived from
the labor of the child he is entitled to the exemp-
tion of $600. But suppose the income of the child
is derived by inheritance, not from his labor or
even by a gift from the father; why should the
exception be made in favor of that child who is
actually supporting the father? I am told that
under the old law there were many cases where the
heads of families scattered their property among
their children and thus made the exception of
$600 to cover an income of $6,000. The purposev
of the proviso as it stands is to prevent that abuse.
Mr, WILSON. I shall vote against striking
out this proviso if we are to retain this exemption.
I am against this $600 exemption. I regard the
whole thing as a cover under which the great mass
of the income of the country protects itself from
taxation. 1 believe two thirds of the incomes of
the country are under $600. Men who own prop-
erty worth thousands ofdollarsgetexempted under
