1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3491
rupt the Army by the policy. It cannot be done.
It is not right, in my judgment.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say to the
Senator from Indiana that Massachusetts has
three regiments of colored men in the field besides
a brigade raised through the money and influence
of Massachusetts for which she never had any
credit whatever, and which were never counted
to her quota. I hardly think Massachusetts will
raise enough men in all the rebel States to keep
full the three regiments of colored troops she has
raised and the veteran troops now in the field.
She will hardly raise enough in Carolina and in
Florida to fill up the. ranks of the fifty-fourth
regiment that has been decimated in those States.
It is proposed to put the men raised there m the
old regiments, but I have not an idea that she can
raise one man in twenty.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the Senator if un-
der this bill Massachusetts will not be entitled
to that credit. Is not the bill so framed as to give
her that credit?
Mr. WILSON. For the men that she raises
now.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Has the Senatorfrom
Indiana forgotten that when under the old bill
$300 commutation is paid the Government can
take that$300,and pay colored soldiers? It is no
change in the principle at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee
of confeience, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Mospi?. Anthony. Clmurller, Clark, Conner,
Fev-ondi'i). Foot, Foslei, liaie, JLnne of Kansas, Morgan,
Moiull, Pomeios, Kainooy,Sumuei, Van Winkle. Wade,
Wdkin-on. and WiL-on—18.
Huckalfw, Carhle, Davis, Doolittle,
Ii.itinn, Il.tn !•?, Ilei.deiMni, Ilendi icki>, Howe, Lane oi In-
diana, McEouguli, I'owll, Riddle, SauUbuiy, Shciman,
Tnnnhull. and Wiliej —17.
ABSENT—Biown, Collamei, Cowan, Dixon,
Gi lilies. Il.mh.ig, 111c ks, llowatil, Johnson. Ncsrmtli, Rich-
auron,Spia;_'u<>, Ten Eyck, aiid'Wnyht—14.
So the report was concurred in.
PASSENGERS ON STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up House bill
No. 244.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe there is a pending
question which was passed over by unanimous
consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on the motion of the Senator from
California to take up House bill No. 510, upon
which motion the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. CONNESS. I think I can withdraw the
call for the yeas and nays, and the Senate will
take up the bill now. it will save time.
The PRESi DENTp'o tempore. The call may
be wiihdtawn by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 510) further to reg-
ulate the carnageoi passengers in steamships and
other vessels.
Mr. HENDRICKS. With the permission of
the Senator from California, I wish to move that
the Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. This will not take long.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendnwnt.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no desire to detain the
Senate in connection with this bill; but I hav  a
letter ftnirt oui consul at Aspinwail on the subject
which I will ask to have read.
Several Senators. No. Let us pass the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senate is disposed to
pass the bill without having anything read, I have
no objection.
Tile bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
It E C 0~\"STHUCT10N BILL.
Mr. WADE. 1 move to take up House bill
No. 244.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take a recess
until seven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That motion
is not in oider while another motion is pending,
except bv unammousconsent. Is there objection?
Mr. WADE. I object.
The motion of Mr. Wade was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the action of
the House of Representatives disagreeing to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No,
244) to guaranty to certain States whose govern-
ments have been usurped or overthrown a repub-
lican fotm of government.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate recede
from its amendment and agree to the bill of the
House.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator
from Ohio to allow us to move now that we take
a recess, and come back at half past seven. I
move that we take a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is now past live
o'clock, and I thmk it would be better that we
should take a recess and have an hour or so of
interval.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senator from California thatthat
motion can be entertained only by unanimous
consent, and consent being refused it is not de-
bate bio.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am aware of it, but I
make the suggestion to the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the motion that the Senate take a re-
cess ?
Mr. SUMNER, and Mr. LANE of Kansas,
objected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot be
debated.
Mr. POMEROY. Is the bill of the Senator
from Ohio up?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr.POMEROY. Then by unanimous consent
we can take up the concurrent resolution and
agiee to adjourn to-night at some time. ["No,
no."] There is objection made. Then we will
take tins vote first.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. So soon as this bill
is concurrcd in I propose to move an adjourn-
ment l esohition.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I move to suspend prior
oI'deis and that the Senate take a recess until
half pa^t seven o'clock. ["Seven."] I will say
seven o'clock.
The motion was notagierdto; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noea 16.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
rectus on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
that the Senate recede from itsamendment to the
bill before (he Senate.
Mr. SAULSBtTRY. task for the yeas and
nays on th.it motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, K'xuited—yeas 18, nays 14; as follows:
VISAS—lit t-M-. Anthony, Chandler, Clruk, Conner,
Poor, IJailan, iJaiu^ Howe, Lane oi' Kansas, Moigan,
iVi'iH-iov. i; iiii?>nv, Shcinian, fc>pingm>, Sumner, Wade,
Wilknii-oti, and VViKon—lb.
i\'AV S — Buekaiew, Caihlc, Davis, Doolittle,
Ilctid'-! !-oii, i fi'ixh i"!{ 4, Lane ot Indiana, MeDuugaJI, Pow-
ell, Riddle. SauNhury, Ten K>ck, Tiuinbull, and Van
Winkle-J4
ABSICNI'—."Me--1^. Brown, Oollamer, Cowan, Dixon,
Fcwiuien, IV-trr, Gi j me*, Hale, Haul iny, U ick^, limvaid,
Ji/im-on, .Mtnull, Nonuui, Itichaidjron, Willey, and
WiiL'iit—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move to take
up the concutrent resolution from the House of
Representatives on the subject of the final ad-
j ournmenf.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope not. I do not think
the time has come to decide that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it has.
Mr. HENDERSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
- Mr. SHERMAN. The concurrent resolution
which the Senatorfrom Kansas calls up proposes
to adjourn on Monday at twelve o'clock. I do
not know of anything1 that we cannot dispose of
m that time. We have the evening before us.
Ncaily all the important bills of the session are
I either disposed of or m committees of conference,
and it is necessary to fix a future time for ad-
journment in order to allow the clerks to enroll
the bill. «I will state that all the appropriation
bills are passed; theenroliment bill is now passed
so far as the Senate is concerned; and if the Heuse
agrees to the report of tlie committee of confer-
ence that will be disposed of. There is rro bill
that I am aware of of any veiy great ithportfince
yet to be acted upon, unless it may be probably
one or two bills that may come from the House
of Representatives that we can dispose of to-
night. I see no reason Why we may not fix the
hour of adjournment, at noon on Monday-
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bnckalow,Cnrnie,Ctavk, Davis, Foster,
Hale, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Pomcroy, Powell, Riddle, Saulsbary,
Sherman, riprauuc, Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Van Wiukl«.
Wilkinson, and Willey— 35.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conner, Doolit-
tie, Fessenden, Foot, Hailan, Harris, McOougall. Morgan,
Morrill, llamsoy, Sumner, Wade, and VViI-on—15.
ABSENT—Mossis. Brown, Collamei, Cowan, Dixon, *
Hauling, ihek-, Howaid, Giimes, Johnson, Nesmitli, Rich-
ardson, and Wright—12.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
proceeded to consider the folio wing resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate eoncurung,) That the President
of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives adjoin n then i elective Houses for the present ses-
sion on Thuiaday, the 30th instant,at twelve o'clock me-
tidian.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. At the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, I
move that the further consideration of the reso-
lution he postponed until nine o'clock to-night,
and be made the special order for that hour.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask aques-
tion, being somewhat ignorantabout these things,
and yet thinking I have some knowledge. That
resolution has been exhausted and is not the sub-
ject of action, as Thursday the 30th of June has
passed.
Mr. POMEROY. It can bo changed to Mon-
day.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I say it is not the subject
of amend ment
Mr. SHERMAN. "We can put in a day that
has not passed.
The PRESIDENT;)?-!? tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
The motion was agreed to.
KJSCKSS.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe in a motion ofthis
kind the question first in order is on the longest
time named. I will therefore move that the Sen-
ate take n H'cess until half past' seven o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thequestion
wiii first l>e puton the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, ]>. m.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message fiom the President of the United
States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate of the Gth ultimo, a report from the
Secretary of State upon the subject of the African
slave trade, with accompanying papers; which
was oidered to he on the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFKKIL12D.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and refeirod as indicated
below:
A hill (No. 94) for the relief of Isaac R. Dil-
lor—to the Committee on Chums.
A bill (No. 194) for the relief of half-breeds
and mixed-bloods of the Winnebago tribe of In-
dians—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 337) for the relief of the adminis-
trator of W. W, Russell, late paymast<r in the
marine corps—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 384) for the relief of C. P. John-
son, of Alabama—to the Committee on Claims.
A hill (No. 458) for th<  relief of George Mowry
—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 479) for the relief of John Warren
& Son—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 489) for the leiief of D. McV,
Stuart—to the Committee on Claims,
