1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been occupying the time of the House with the
reading of a groat number of extracts to show the
position of certain men ptior to this war, or about
the time of its commencement. Some of these ex-
tracts are attributed to abolitionists, some to men
of other parlies, but he sitings them ail together,
seeking thereby, if he can, to fill his magazine
with weapons ot assault against the Government
and against this side of the Chamber.
I did not listen, to much that was read. I care
little for it for the purposes of this argument.
But I did observe in the course of that reading
that when it happened in two or three instances
that he gave what purported to be the sentiments
or declarations of certain members of this body
now here present, those extracts were promptly
denounced as forgeries, indorsed though they
were by the reputable member from New Yotk.
It is not unlikely that these spurious specimens
indicate the character of the whole collection.
But, sir, I am not here to defend any man. I
am not here to inquire whether this man or the
other was an abolitionist, a Democrat, a Whig,
or a Republican, or what may have been their
utterances, prudent or imprudent, wise or unwise,
patriotic or unpatriotic, on any other or former
occasion; wlfether they were right or wrong then;
that has all gone by. Men might very widely
differ and differently express themselves on the
eve of such a convulsion. They might widely
differ, too, as to whatcourse was most expedient
to be piusued in oider to avert the gieat calamity
of war from the land.
Three years? have now gone by. We are in the
midst of that war. Armies are confronting ar-
mies; bayonets are crossed with bayonets. The
arguments now to be used and the only argu-
ments-to be used are the incisive, cutting reason-
ings of the sword, the sharp-pointed remark of
the bayonet, the knock-down conclusion of the
butsting bombshell. It is in the midst of such
fierce and piactiea! debate as this that the gentle-
man fi om New Yot k pomes forwaid and pioposes
to yield to the airogant and insolent demands of
pameide icbels, beating in his hands as prece-
<ii nts h is collect ion of extracts, genui ne or other-
wise, culled from what may have been wuttcu in
other times and under other circumstances. If
he made those quotations for any purpose at all
it would only have been to show that others had
stood upon Ins gtound. But the difference of
occasion is as wide as heaven from hell. Admit
that those men were wiong, admit that they were
all at fault in proposing, if they did do so, any-
such expedients. It only follows that they did
not then as now understand the (rue character of
our people, or the power of.se 1 f-p reservation which
rests in our Gov ei nmeut. What parallel is there
between such hesitation then and the concessions
which would be made by this man here now upon
thisflooi, and almost m the vety presence of the
public enemy ?
Mr. Speaker, 1 can understand how, in the
Revolution, when the.se States, then colonies,
broke a way from the mother country, many a man
who was attached to monarchical institutions, or
fearful of i uahing upon the untried experiments of
a new form of government to be leached thiough
(he honois of war, mt^ht have shrunk back and
beeii a Toiy of that day.
But how, after the better part of a century lias
gon.-1 by, and tins gieat Government, under the
Constitution adopted at the close of that .Revolu-
tion, ba.< gone on piospei tug and to prosper, when
it has made us mailt high on the roll of nations,
and the hopej; of a woild have clusteied around
it, how any on<> with tins histoi y and tnwmph be-
fore hint can to-day doubt or distrust or bargain
away his country's nationality, is more than I can
compseiu-nd. 1 -declare, sir, that in my opinion
the worst Tory of the Revolution way a patriot
and a gentleman compared with a copperhcad of
J8G4, [Applause.]
Mr. Speaker, we are, as I have stated, in the
piesenco of the enemy. Every man in this Union
is to-day, in one sense, a citizen soldier. Our
people ace either in the lines of the Union Aimy
in front facing and fighting the foe, or they are
in the rear stuving by every means possible to
strengthen and advance the common cause.
I repeat, every man is a citizen soldier; and wo
who are here no less so than otheis. Now, when
a soldier is marching with the Army toward the .
enemy, or holding his place in line of battle ready
to meet the onset or to make the charge, if that
soldier—and I beg pardon of our honest, brave
fellows in the field for even making such a sup-
position—if that soldier, instead of attending to
his stern and given purpose, to the consideration
how he shall best acquit himself in the deadly
struggle before him, and to the duty which lies
present there for him to do, should turn to his
comrades about him, saying to one, " We can-
not beat the enemy;" to another, " We had bet-
ter lay down our arms;" to another, "Ourcause
is wrong; we never can conquer;" and to an-
other, '* Let us demand of our commanding offi-
cer to stop shedding blood, and have a truce be-
tween the two armies"—if a soldier at such a
time should talk thus in the ranks, \tfhat would
yon do with him? You would shoot him!
And is a citizen soldier who undertakes to breed
distraction in the country, who claims that we
cannot put down the rebellion, who insists that
the rebellion, in his view, is altogether right and
justifiable, who would compromise, who would
temporize, who would have his Government de-
based to the condition of begging peace from in-
singents, is ho less deserving of execration and
punishment? Though we may not execute such
a man on theappropnategallowserected for crim-
inals, yet, thank God, there is a gibbet of public
opinion where we can hang him high as 1-Iaman
and hold him there, the-scorn of all nations and
of the woild. [Applause.]
A few woids now more duectly to the levolu-
tion before the House. I wish i had as much
strength—having just risen fiom a sick-bed—as
I have desn e to go on a little further with this ex-
amination.
The lesolution pioposes the expulsion of a
member of this House. It pioposes expulsion
for the use of language in debate upon thislloor.
The first objection taken to this resolution is
that its passage would be a dangerous interfer-
ence with the libei ty of speech. You must not
abridge the fieedom of debate in these Halls, de-
voted to the discussion ot gieat interests upon the
right adjustment of which the future prosperity
of our country depends.
And, sir, there is something plausible in that
objection. Fieedom of speech in a fiee Govern-
ment is indeed important; and the full privilege of
fearless and umestrained debate is nowhere more
important than in these Halls of legislation, where
weare meeting and settling the gravest and deep-
est questions. This pi mciple was not overlooked,
we aie to believe, by the ialhetsvvho framed our
national Constitution. Yet the gentleman from '
Kentucky, [Mi. Mallort,] who quoted the Con-
stitution yesterday on this point, most strangely
omitted a material and significant portion of the
clause which he cited, lie rose m his place and
called solemnly upon the country—called upon
you and called upon this House—to witness that
here wasan attempt to muzzlea Repiesenutive of
the people, and that, too, in violation of our or-
ganic, law, which m vci y to tins pi ov ides that " no
membci shell be questioned for any speech or
debate m either House." Surprised at such as-
set hon, I took occasion then to remind him that
that was by no means all the Constitution saya
upon that subject. In treating of the powets of
Congress, it piovided, among other things, that
Sen a to i s and Repiesentali ves
kl Shrill in .ill ease*, <> wpt ti eu^on. felony, and bieach of
tiie pear r, he puvileyed nom at ii'ftduung their attendance
at th" i.e--Ion of thco ie>'p<>cliv« IJou-e-., and in gomjr to
and ictin iiuiy nom t!i • -ame; mid iat any speech oi de-
bate in f'ilhei Unlike, they shall not be qtieotumed in any
otkci j/lutc."
Ah, sir, " in any other place." While the fiam-
eis of this sacied instrument weie taking care
jealously to proteetand hedge around this freedom
of debate so that the Representatives of the peo-
ple might be left to speak feailessly and without
i'avor here on ail subjects and free from any lia-
bility to be called to account for such speech else-
where, they with equal wisdom took care to put
in a condition that each House w<-s expected to
see to and preserve its own punty a> d character.
The Houfre was to lake cate that there should be
nothing said or done here, here above all other
places, which should be prejudicial to good order
or inimical to the liberties of this country; noth-
ing which might tend to give up or abandon or
break down the very Government itself. 1 do
not wonder that gentlemen engaged in the,
perate cause of defending, treasonable utterances
on this floor should be unwilling to quotd ^th^
whole language of the ConstitiUion* but alioulcl
garble, clip,iravestjMtvah& keep out of view that
which was put there by wise foresight to meet
exactly such cases as this in hand.
But gentlemen make another defense. They say
the words of my colleague were not treasftnabie
utterances. In one sense they are right. Treason
is defined by Jaw and by the Constitution. It
consists not in language, but in certain overt acts,
and it can be proved only by certain measure and
degrees of testimony. Butitdoesnat necessarily
follow that when you-are arraigning a. member
for language improper to be used> or acts improp-
er to be done, upon'tius floor, you must try him
only as if by the strict forms and rules of law>in
a judicial court. I can conceive many instances
in which offense might be given here, requiring
the intervention of the House and calling for its
severest punishment, where there has been noth-
ing even savoring of treason, A member might
make an indecent exposure of his person; be
might use language so ptofarie and obscene and
offensive in character as to require that heshould
be instantly expelled, and no more a*nd no longer
be permitted to remain as one of our body, and
yet not be guilty of treason or of any other crime
defined by the statutes of the country.
I nm not, therefore, in supporting this resolu-
tion, dtiven to the necessity of taking the ground
that treason has been committed. And when 1
say that the language used was treasonable, I
mean to be understood in this qualified sense, that
while there may not have been a crime commit-
ted for which he might be held to account before
the other uibutials of the country, yet such words
being uttered here and at this particular time,fla-
grante bctlo, with the rebel force at our very doors,
they become m their tendency and effect encour-
agement to the rebellion and an instigation to the
enemies of the nation to go on in their attempts
to overthrow it.
Now, §nr, I was not present when my colleague
[Mr. Long] delivered his speech. 1 was in my
room, unable by reason of illness to be in my
place. But I have a full, official, and authorized
report of that speech; and to satisfy me that he
deserves the heavy punishment proposed, I do
not need to look any further than to passages in
it which stiike my eye now as 1 hold it here in
my hand. I will read:
'•Mi. Ciuuiinan, I have deemed it pioper thus to advert to
the charges of < ncouKigemeni to the confederates fo re-
peatedly made upon this floor,end ianum iceurtoUiecon-
sideration of the Cftion. Can the Union bo restored by
war? I answer most imhe<itaun<riy and delibeiately, No.
never; ' war i* final, eternal separation.' "
Again, in speaking of the remarks of the gen-
tleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and in
trying to ally those opinions to his—with what
want of success the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has most triumphantly shown—he says:
"The confederate tftate<ni*e out of the Union, occupy
iii'j lite puMUon ot at! independent Power fuito, have
bii'-n acknowledged as a beiliycrent both by foreign natmrH
ami our own Government, maintained their deeJaiatnm of
ndcrvi; !<u three ye;w-  by loice of ante-, and thai;
the war has. eat nssundet all the ligaments mul.ibiogatedal!
the obligations that bound them muter the Constitution
Here, sir, I propose to make one single remark
in reference to my own view of this subject—of
the rights of these speeding States and of the peo-
ple of those States. 1 belong to that class of the-
orists—fot we ail have theories on these subjects
—who believe that the rebels by their insurrec-
tion and making war on their Government have
foifcited, if we choose to enforce that forfeiture,
all then lights as citizens of this country,and yet
have not released ihems< Ives fiom a single one of
their obligations. And I hold, therefore, that we
must press litem with fire and sword in order to
bung them back again into subjection fo the law
of the land, and to then places as good and law-
abiding citizens, as if they were foreigners; and at
the same time we have the right, because they are
not foreigners and have not rid themselves of their
obligations under the C institution, to treat them
as traitors under the, law. In other words—to
use a homely figure—we pursue them with a
double-barreled gun. We may shoot them as bel-
ligerents, or we may shoot them as traitors. They
are subjects, on the one hand, for the sword, be-
cause they have themselvps taken thq sword and
