1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
discussion before the Senate is one perhaps that
I have had as much difficulty about as tiny one,
arising on this biil. If I couid discover anv way
of collecting: a large revenue by taxation without
injuring anybody I should certainly adopt that
method.
Mr. COLLAMER. And get a patent for it.
Mr. HOWE. If I was the discoverer I cer-
tainly should apply for a patent. I have not
made any such discovery as yet. It is very cer-
tain that whether you do or do not tax the stock
of whiskies now in the possession of different
parties throughout the United States, you will do
somebody an injury and a wrong.
It is assumed here in the argument,as I under-
stand it, that the class who are to be injured by
omitting to tax the stock on hand is the distil-
lers. 1 think that is a mistake. Undoubtedly a
portion of the distillers will be injured by that
omission; but if we can trust to the distillers them-
selves, so far as their testimony has been adduced
before the committee, we ought to believe that as
a class the distillers aregoing to be injured by im-
posing the tax upon the stock on hand; for I be-
lieve every member of the committee will bear
witness to the truth of what I say, that the great
bulk of the testimony, the weight of the testi-
mony, so far as it comes from the distillers, is,
that they are to be injured. I know very well it
is going to be an injury to the individual distiller
who has no liquors on hand but proposes to man-
ufacture hereafter, that the purchasers who now
hold the liquois he has made m the last six months
shall be allowed to sell them in the same markets
to which he must apply hereafter without the im-
position of this tax, whereas every gallon he man-
ufactures hereafter must go into the same market
and compete with them subject to this tax of forty
cents additional. It is an injury to that individual.
But there are two or three other considerations
that must be taken into account, one of which is
that almost every distiller, and evei y western dis-
tiller, must have a quantity of liquor on hand. It
takes tliem about thirty or forty days to send the
product of their distilleries from Illinois and In-
diana to the eastern maikets and dispose of it.
They have therefore about thirty oi forty days'
product necessarily on hand. So far they are in-
terested in having the tax kept off.
But almost every manufacturer in the country
is using other capital than his own.* Distillers
are no exception to this re mm k. Thegieatbulk
of them, if I may judge of the character of their
business by what they say of it themselves, are
enabled to go on with their business mainly
through the facilities furnished them by commis-
sion merchants. When they are unable to draw
on their commission merchants or their consignees
they are unable to go on with their manufactures.
Whatever blow you strike, therefore, which crip-
ples the consignees of this article and disables
them from furnishing these facilities to the dis-
tillers, is a direct injury to the distilleis. Take
away ftom them these facilities and they ran no
longer manufacture. How much this considera-
tion influences the great body of these manufac-
turers I am unable to say. That it has great
weight with them is ceitainly very evident to
every one who has conversed with them. If we
were to pass upon this measure with sole reference
to the interests of the distillers, unless we havo
been deceived by their testimony 1 should be in-
clined to think that their interests required us to
withhold the tax from the stock on hand and not
to impose it.
But they are not the only class. "What is the
influence of this tax upon the commission mer-
chant him self, or upon that class of our community
—as legitimate a class as any other, and as much
entitled to protection; at all events, as much enti-
tled to be exempt from direct wrong and injury ?
What do you say of them ? They clo not own
any hquois. They have been receiving liquors
from the distillers, and advancing them money.
The market in anticipation of this legislation has
been steadily advancing, and they have been in-
creasing their advances to the distillers in view of
the imposition of this tax. Before there was any
talk about the imposition of this tax, and when
liquors were worth sixty-five cents in New Yoik,
they would peihaps advance sixty cents. When
they came up to seventy-five cents they would
probably advance seventy cents. Now the com-
mission merchants have large stocks of liquor
on their hands on which they have advanced to
the distillers a large portion of the tax that you
now propose to impose. What do you say ?
Make them pay over again to the Government?
How are they to be reimbursed?
The market to-day is ruled by the fact that you
are about tro put on this tax, and they have ad-
vanced this tax to their consignors. Since this
legislation has been talked of whisky has been
sold in New York for ninety-five cents. It will
not be worth over a dollar or a dollar and five cents
when this law has passed. Is it just to make
them pay this over again? They may have a
remedy against their consignors, but not one in
ten of the consignors will be able to meet it.
But there is another class. There is a class of
manufacturers, of chemists, and mechanics, who
are using these spirits in their business for vari-
ous chemical and mechanical purposes. They
have to buy from week to week, and every one of
them has got more or less on hand. They have
bought in the market when prices wereestablishcd
by this very legislation that you propose. They
bought sixty days ago for sixty-iive cents. They
have bought within three weeks at ninety-five
cents, bought for their business, not to sell but to
use.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him, the bill proposes to tax only
that which' is to be sold. " On hand for sale" is
the language of the bill.
Mr. HOWE. The proposition is to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Finance for the pur-
pose of imposing a tax upon the liquors on hand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. For sale.
Mr. HOWE. No; I do not understand such
to be the instructions; and undei a provision to
impose a tax only on that which is sold as liquor
you will find it very difficult practically to dis-
tinguish between the liquor which is to be sold
as liquor and that which is to be sold for mechan-
ical or other purposes, a&er it has entered into
combination with other articles and has been used
for other purposes.
It is, as 1 said before, very difficult, and I think
I may say it is impossible to enact a measure of
this kind without injurmgsomebody. Nowwhat
is the benefit to be derived from it? My col-
league has assumed that there are, now on hand
foity million gallons. We have heard a great
many estimates on that point. The result to winch
my own mind has been duven by all these state-
ments is, that 1 do not know how much liquor
there is on band. That is as near as I can come
to the thing. I have no doubt there is a good
deal; and 1 am willing to compromise on that
proposition, that there is a good deal of liquor on
hand. I am lathei incieduhms about the quan-
tity coming up quite as high as my colleague
states; and I am altogether incredulous as to your
being able to ivah:?<' ^8,000,000 by imposing a tax
of twenty cents a gallon on that stock provided
H does reach forty millions, for the reason that
it is an article that may be put out of the reach
of the assessor so readily; and for these very
reasons that 1 have stated it seems to me injudi-
cious. It will not be put out of the way by the
honest man who is willing to pay taxes rather
tlian smuggle ot to be. It will be put out of the
reach of the assessor by the dishonest man who
would lather lie or smuggle than pay taxes; and
we know lemarkably well that there are men of
that class in all communities.
What is to be the result of this? The legisla-
ture deciees a specific tax upon a specific aiticle
of propel ty, niespective of the locality where it
is, the maiket in which it is, or what it is worth
where it is, and deciees the collection of it. Hon-
est men come forward and pay it, and can only
sell at a loss or by imposing that additional tax
upon the article. Dishonest men do not pay the
tax, and biintr their whisky upon the market at a
cost of from forty to sixty cents, as the Crtse may
be, less than the honest man is able to sell his at.
I do not believe, wlun the community sees such
an operation of any law, that they will be entirely
satisfied with it. I think we must all concede that
gieat dissatisfaction will giow out of it.
Then again, the expense should be considered.
You must have special machinery to reach this
article and collect this tax, and theexpense of it
would be very considerable. I will not slop to
estimate the amount in figures. Great expense
would have to be incurred; and I do not think it
is worth the while of this legislature to establish
a precedent which seems to me objectionable in
itself, to impose a tax which is in violation of
every principle which has heretofore guided us in
the imposition of taxes for the chance of gelling
an inconsiderable revenue at a very extravagant
cost and to the dissatisfaction of a great portion
of the community. I think we had better forego
the experiment; and so 1 vote to strike out that
clause of the bill as it came from the House; and
for these reasons I shall vote against the propo-
sition of my colleague.
Mr. HARLAN. I differ with those who main-
tain that this bill proposes a license for the sale of
whisky. Jf it were a license tQ the seller that
liccnse ought to be paid every time the commod-
ity is sold. No man under this law is required to
pay a per cent, for the sale. If so, each man who
sells it ought to pay the per cent. If a tax has
been paid on the commodity once it may be sold
five huhflred times afterwards without any addi-
tional charge. It is therefore manifest to my mind
that it is a tax levied on the thing itself.
If this be true it seems to me to be an absurd-
ity to argue thattheGovernmenthasnot the right
to levy a second tax; or, in other words, that there
is an implied contract between the Government
and the party who has paid a tax once thatitshall
not be taxed a second time. I have not in ffty
limited -reading ever read of such a principle in
constitutional law, that if an article shall have
once been taxed by a Government it may not be
taxed a second time. That this clearly was not
contemplated by those who framed the original
law to which this is proposed as an amendment
I think will be manifest by examining it in detail.
• I observe a tax levied on carriages Kept for use.
Is it a tax levied on the use of the cairiage, or a
tax levied on the thing itself? If it be a tax levied
on the use of the carriage, and there is an implied
contract that if this tax shall be once paid and the
license taken out it cannot be changed without
violating the plighted faith of the Government,
then you never can change the rate of tax on car-
riages that have once been taxed.
If, then, it be a tax levied on the thing itself
there can be no violation of principle in taxingthe
whisky that is now held by those who may have
once paid a light tax; and since itis manifestfrom
the argument we have heard here to-day that the
difference between the cost of the commodity un-
der the present tax when bought of the distiller,
and the cost of the commodity under the tax that
is here proposed will go into the pocket of those
who now hold the article or into the Treasury of
the United States, it seems to me it is a very plain
proposition for the Finance Committee to decide
the direction in which this money shall go.
A tax is now levied of twenty cents on a gallon
of spirits. The chairman of the Committee on
Finance tells us that that is a tax to be paid by
the consumer on the liquor. A distiller distills a
gallon of liquor the next day after this amend-
ment to the revenue law shall have become a law,
and then you levy a tax ofsixty cents. The party
who has paid the twenty cents has an advantage
of forty cents in the original cost of the commodity.
If the price should go up so as to enable the dis-
tiller to sell his liquor distilled the next day, then
the holder of that bought previously will clear
forty cents a gallon unless you tax the liquor in
his hands. Itheiefore see no violation of prin-
ciple in levying this tax. It is a mere question as
to who shall receive the additional forty cents, the
Government of the United States or those who
nre now holding distilled spirits. I therefore can
have no difficulty in voting for the resolution to
recommit the bill with instructions to report an
amendment to levy a tax of twenty cents, winch
is one halfof the proposed increase on liquor here-
after to be distilled, on liquor now on hand.
Mr. HENDR.ICKS. I am sure that the Sen-
ator from Iowa would not do any injustice to any
, interest in the countiy; but the view which he
takes I think would produce that result. He dis-
cusses this question as if the rise in the price of
liquor had all taken place since it has been in the
; h-ands ofthcpreseutholders. That is not the case.
1 Liquor had a price last summer and fall; and
' when it came to be understood in the trading cir-
| o.les that there was to be an additional tax proba-
! blv imposed by this Congress itcommenced to rise.
It went up in the hands of one man one or two
I cents. He sold. It then went up in the hands of
