494
THE, CQNGrllESSIONAL GLOBE.
B'ebraary 4,
that holder two or three cents, find be sold, unttt
finally it came to be in the hands of the present
holder at a rate of near ninety-five cents a gallon.
Perhaps the advance in his hands has not been
more than one or two or three cents. Now the
proposition of the Senator is that he, for the bene-
fit of the Government, shall lose the entire forty
cents.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire of the Senator
if the price of spirits has not been going down in
the same way since this bill has been pending in
the House, after it became known that probably a
tax would be levied on the spirits on hand?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The market price has
gone down, but there have been no sales.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that is the case;
that it has somewhat fallensince the action of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inquire, then, if the loss
is not being distributed in precisely the same .way
as the increase of price was distributed ?• #
Mr. HENDRICKS. But it has fallen into the
hands of men who gave much above the present
price for it; for instance-, the man who purchased
liquor at ninety or ninety-three cents, and then
Congress proposed to tax that article which had
already paid Us tux, and it fell in his hands. Is
that an argument why the tax should be imposed?
If^thc statement of the Senator was exactly cor-
rect there would be much force in his argument.
If the question were really whether the holder
should make a profit of twenty cents or the Gov-
ernment should make a revenue of twenty cunts
a gallon there would be much force in his state-
ment*, but the question is whether the Govern- I
ment shall refrain from taxing when by taxing 1
they make the holder lose from fifteen to twenty
cents on each gallon. Certainly the sense of right
on the part of the Senator will not sustain that.
The Senator from Wisconsin, who has made the
present proposition, read to the Senate a letter j
from a distiller in his State, and the Senator from
Iowa [Mr. Grimes] stated that he has several
letters from distillers in the State of Iowa, all
urging (hat the tax shall be imposed upon the
article now in market. Those two Senators rep-
resent a liquor interest of less than one million
gallons. The Statu of Indiana produces annually
about eight million gallons; the StrUe of Ohio
about fifteen millions, and the State of Illinois
about fifteen millions. In those three States
newly forty million gallons are produced. I
have seen representatives of the distilling interest
of those three States since this question has been
before the Senate, and I have not known one of
them to be in favor of imposing this tax.
I cannot see how it is that such large interests
in those three States should all be opposed to the
tax on the article now on hand and the distilleis
in the two States of Iowa and Wisconsin should
be in favor of it. I choose to be governed by the
wishes of the largest class. I think I know that
interest, and the gentlemen with whom I have
conversed are not of the class described by the
Senator from Iowa. They mc not speculators.
They are gentlemen engaged in good faith in the
business, and upon whone wotd I would rely as
soon as 1 would upon i he word of any other busi- '
ness men in the community. I know that this ;
large interest in Indiana, Ohio, and Illinois is op- :
posed to the tax proposed upon the article now ;
in market. !
If is not necessary to discuss the principle fur- !
ther. That has been so clearly stated by the Sen- 1
ator from Maryland, it seems to me, that it can- I
not be answered. I listened with much interest :
for an answer to that argument, but I have not
heard it. This article now in market has paid :
us tax. The men who produced it paid for the I
right to produce it and sell it, and whether it be 1
in their hands or in the hands of purchase! s fiom 1
them it matters not. They have the faith of the
Government, as I think, that it shall not be taxed '
further. i
There is another interest largely involved in
this. Of course the distillers of Indiana, Illinois,
and Ohio are notable to keep on hand large quan-
tities for a great length of time, and the course of
business is that they ship their whisky to New
Yoik or some other important commercial point ;
to some consignee. That consignee advances as
largely us it is safe for him to advance on the ship-
ment being made, and the money is received by the
distiller togoon with his operations. In the mean ;
time the whisky is finding its way over the rail-
roads and canals and lakes to the important com-
mercial points. Within the last month large ad-
vances have been made upon the price that has
been given to whisky by the proposed tax upon
that which was hereafter to be produced. The
consignees have made the advances upon the late
rates. If we tax that which is now approaching
market or that which is now on hand we strike
down the interest of the consignee unless he can
get his money back again from the persons who
have made the shipments. Certainly we do not
wish to disturb trade in this way. The interests
of the Government do not require it. I think the
present and tfie futuie interest of this Government
require that we should promote stability and se-
curity in trade.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. This is the
last question on this bill, and it is very important
to get through with it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is not at all likely
that we can get through with the bill to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes,itis. This is the last
question to be considered, and it will not proba-
bly be debated any further. Gentlemen have dis-
cussed it very fully.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] to
recommit the bill with instructions to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POWELL. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Davis] is absent from the Senate in
consequence of indisposition.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 14,
nays 29; as follows: ^
YEAS—Me^rs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Doolittle,
Fohioi, Crimes, Hauling, Harlan, Howard, Moinll, Ram-
sey, Siteimaii, SpiMgue, .uid Trumbull—It.
NAYS—Messrs. Ruekalow, Onrhlo, (Jlaik, Collamer,
Conner, Cownn, Dixon, Fes<enden, Hale, Ilatiis, Ileu-
deirfou, llendneks, Uielo, Howe, Johnson, Lane oi Indi-
ana. f-iiiue of Kuiw\-i, Moi«an, Not-mirh, Pomeioj, Powell,
liicliaidson, Kiddie, H n rrmei, Ten Eye k. Van Winkle, Wade,
Wiliey, and Wikon—29.
So the motion to recommit was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recms on concuningin the Senate with the amend-
ment made in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say to the Sen-
ate that I will ask them to go into executive ses-
sion for the simple purpose of entering a privi-
leged motion.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 have just such a purpose
also, and I hope the Senate will go into executive
session.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
question before the Senate. The Senator from
Wisconsin moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Several Senators. Put the other question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
puts the questions in the order in which they are
moved. The second question is not in older until
the first is witluiwiwn or acted upon.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
withdraw my motion for the purpose of allowing
i the other motion to be made.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
J for an executive session is withdrawn,
j Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Now I move that
! when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
: meet on Monday next.
| Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the chair-
\ man of the Committee un Military Affairs has
■ business of much importance that should be acted
■ upon. if that is not so, he can state it to the Senate.
; Mr WILSON. I think we ought to meet to-
morrow. We have measures enough to oceupy
i our attention. The Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Carlile] is entitled to the floor to speak on an
impoitant question, and I think we had better
meet to-morrow. At any rate I should like to
take up and pass the joint resolution in regard to
the pay of colored troops, and get it out of the
way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We want information
about that before we pass it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope we shall meet to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On that motion I will
ask for the yeas and nays. ["Oh, no."] I will
withdraw the call.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-five, noes not counted.
executive session.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now I move that we go
into executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive busi-
ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.    
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 4, 3864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by
the Chaplain,Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
establishment of arsenals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, introduced a
bill in addition to an act for the establishment of
certain arsenals; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
ordered to be printed, and made the special order
for the XUh proximo,.and from day to day until
disposed of.
GRADE OF NAVAL OFFICERS. •
Mr. SCIiENCK introduced the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the House of Representatives the report
of the advisoiy board appointed under ihe act of July 16,
186-2,{t to establish and equalize the grades of line officers
of the United States Navy," together with the injunctions
given to said board, and also all documentary and other
testimony submitted to or examined by the board, and all
memorials, piotests, or other papers from officers of the
Navy not recommended for promotion, oi from otheis in
their behalf, relating to or in any way connected with the
proceedings or report of said boaid.
WASHINGTON JUSTICES' COURTS.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported a
bill to establish justices' courts in the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time,ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
PENITENTIARY IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STEELE, of New York, from the same
committee, also reported back House bill No.
169, authorizing the construction of a penitentiary,
jail, and house of correction in and for the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was ordered to be printed,
and recommitted to the same committee.
UNITED STATES REGISTER.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
llcsohcd. That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
he authorized and required to pure hasp one thousand copies
of the United States Register for 1S6I, as published by J.
Ii. Distni ncll, at a price not to exceed lifiy cents a copy, and
chaise the t-auio to the contingent fund, being for the use of
the membeis and officeis of the House.
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
FRANCIS CHARLES WEEKLY.
♦ Mr. THOMAS introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
lLc~-olvcd, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
hMiueu d to inquue into the expediency of gi-antiug a pen-
