2516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
k wholly and entirely. I intend to move, when
the proper time com^s, to tax all incomes under
$600 or $2,000 three per cent. I think the ratio
adopted here based on sound principles, and I
shall vote against'striking out this proviso on that
ground.
This bill, as it now stands to-day, will exempt
nearly-all the farmers of the country from paying
any income tax. The most independent portion
of the community in this country are exempted
from paying any tax at all under this bill. No
man can be more independent than the man who
has got a good farm well stocked, and an income
,of less than $600 after supporting his family. If
0 the exemption was confined to persons who had
no property and exempted the mere product of
e their labor necessary to support their families,
that would be a fair consideration; but as it stands
to-day two thirds of all the in&rcws in this coun-
try are exempted under the provisions of this
bill, I believe great frauds are perpetrated under
this exemption as it now stands; that wealthy
persons divide their property among their wives
and children, and thus get exempted from tax-
under this $600 clause. 1 am opposed, however,
• to striking out this proviso if that exemption
clause is to be retained.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have nothing to say in
regard to that matter. the exemption would
apply to independent farmers I think rtiey ought
not to be excepted. Where it applies to a man's
manual labor I think he ought not to be taxed.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator if he does
not believe thatundertl^at exemption whole farm-
ing townships in the country will not pay a far-
thmg„of revenue ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe so. They will
cover it up. I will state to the Senate that the
most fruitful source of revenue in England, whore
the income tax is reduced to a system, is the
small incomes between <£100 and <£150. That
classof incomes yield an aggregate to the British
Government greater than any other class of in-
comes. The amount of revenue derived from in-
comes between <£100 and nt'ISOiu England in 1857
was <£'682,229.
Mi. GRIMES. Do they tux incomes below
Mr. SHERMAN. Yen,sir; but only in ucer-
tain class of cases. The amount of revenue de-
rived in the year 1S57 in England from incomes
under <£100 a year was only <£(>6,336. They ex-
empt all incomes derived from tmujual labor, I
understand, but they tax all other incomes below
•£100. No other classification of income there
above <£|50 yields anything like as much as that
between eClQO and <£150. The nearest approach
to it is the class of incomes between <£200 and
<£300, where the difference is <£100instead of .£50,
which yielded in 1857^510,576. I have no doubt,
therefore, that if you could remove this exception
of $600, if it is possible to do so without injustice,
you would probably increase your income tax
more than in any other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tim Chair de-
shea to make aword of explanation. TheChuir
has entertained this as a separate and distinct
proposition simply to strike out the first proviso
which hus been in ad. If, however, the intent of
the committee was to strike out and inseit, that
is a separate and distinct proposition arid is indi-
visible, and it is not in the province of the Chair
to allow a division of the question.
Mr. FESSEN1 >EN. The committee did not
inti iid it as one amendment. It is plain and clear
as it is. The trouble is that the clerks where they
find one amendment to msertaud another to strike
out make them pails of one amendmen t, and thus
mingle together two subjects which are totally
distinct. I hope they will not trouble us in that
way when they come to arrange the amendments
to this lull.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then will be on striking out the pioviso commen-
cing in the twenty-third line of the one hundred
and fifteenth section. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are totally distinct
tilings. In the repoit that was made by the com-
mittee one amendment was to strike out these
words and the next amendment to inseit others.
They are distinct m their nature,and intended to
be so. 1 hope when the clerks come to fix this
bill they wiitnot undertake to accommodate them*
selvesin drafting it, but will put it just as the com-
mittee have reported it. Otherwise they will make
agreat deal of difficulty,
Now, sir, the question whether the $600 ex-
emption shall be stricken out of the bill or not is
one totally distinct from this particular clause,
and has nothing to do with it except this: that if
that is stricken out this would follow as a mat-
ter of course. The reason why the committee
thought it best to strike out this proviso' was that
it is so indeterminable. The Commissioner of
Internal Revenue was before the committee, and
suggested as an alteration that the words " or
child" should be stricken out, leaving it to apply
to the wife alotfe; that it was difficult to execute
and would be found attended with a great deal of
difficulty in practice, and in fact lead to fiauds.
The idea was not to prevent frauds, as supposed
by the honorable Senator from Ohio; and perhaps,
had he been with us at the time this clause was
under discussion lie might have been convinced
by the long discussion and examination that took
place bfcfore the committee in relation to it. It
will be noticed that the concluding clause of the
proviso is in these words:
And the (Muctiorun snr*ii ca^es made .«UaJlbe allowed
only upon the income of the head of inintly.
• Suppose the head of a family has no pioperty,
but hia wife has an income: the icsult will be that
no deduction is allowed. There arc numerous
cases of thatdescription. Suppose the head of a
family has no income and his child has: then the
child would get no deduction, because it is to be
made in all cases on the income of the head of the
family. The Senator on reexamining the pro-
vision will see that he has not examined it with
minuteness and care.
Mr. SHERMAN. That mjght be obviated by
saying that it should be deducted fiom the high-
est income.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That might be very dif-
ficult to ascertain. Those cases might occur very
frequently. Hut take the case of thechild; sup-
pose the child has an income and the father has
an income also. The father nevertheless has to
suppoit the child and pay his expenses, lie is
not exempted fiom the obligation that is upon
him to support his child until he attains his ma-
jority. The obligation, therefoie, is that the piop-
ei ty of the child accumulates and theie is to be
no benefit to the parent derived from it. lie
must pay the expenses of the child without any
income, compaiaiively, and without any deduc-
tion, so far as he is concerned.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, by the laws of OlTio we provide for that very
case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We are not legislating
for Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know, but I am speaking
of the general principles of the luw. We provide
that where the child has property and the paient
none, the courts may make an allowance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tha.t might be whore the
child has property and the paient has none; but
suppose the parent has propel ty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then he is bound to sup-
poi t the child.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly lysis bound to
suppoit the ehild, and the deduction is made from
his pioperty and not from the child's. So it is
with the wife. He is bound to support the wife.
She may have property and he may have prop-
erly. The same rule would hold precisely. He
must pay all the expenses, and hedenves no ben-
efit so fur as the law is concerned. With regaid
to minor children he could not do it because he is
[ bound to account lor everything.
|l There were so many innate difficulties about
;j the clause itself and its execution that on constd-
| eration and examination the committee came to
[ the conclusion to strike it all out. There may be
Jj eases of fiaud possibly arising from this exemp-
li lion, but they cannot be very numerous. They
'j may arise under every clause of this bill. You
: i cannot prevent them mail cases. If the assessors
i{ aie "Vigilant, watchful, and careful in the execu-
I; tion of the law they will undoubtedly prevent the
;! most of them. They can look into these things
;j and see how the matter is. They have power to
put men under oath, and in "all cases they must
render their accounts under oath, as we have
•amended the bill, m all cases, and explain the
whole matter from rbegmning to end. They arc
I subject to examination and cross-examination;
they must testify; they must answer questions;
and if the assessors do their duty they can in
most cases get at the real state of the facts with
regard to it.
Looking at the whole clause as it stood and the
difficulties that weie about it in the view of the
Commissioner himself and the difficulties that we,
as a committee, had on examining it, in attempt-
ing to reduce it to a shape that would make it ef-
fective and operative withoutproducinginjustice,
the committee camtfto the conclusion on the whole
that it was best to lea^e the statute as it stood
originally and strike out this clause. If the Sen-
ate shall be of a different opinion it is all the
same to the committee. The committee on full
examination had nodoubtthatitshould be stricken
out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.' The question
now is on insei ting the following words at the end
of section one hundred and fifteen:
JlnJ provided Jtnfhcr, That net profits realized by ^ales
of piopcity upon investments made wit#m the year, for
which income h estimated,shall he chaigeahle a:-income;
and losses on -salf ^ of propojty pntciiased witlnn the year,
for which income h estimated, shall be deducted from the
income of Mich year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps I ought to make
an explanation of that particular clause. There
is a good deal of difficulty about it. The Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] called my
attention to it. It was first started in the House
of Representatives.
That amendment originated in the fact that the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue has ruled that
where a man bought an estate, for instance, land,
no matter at what distance of time, say twenty
years ago, for a given sum, and held it for the
twenty years and sold it in any given year, say
for instance this year, he must account for, as in-
come of the year, making all due allowance for
taxes, interest, occ., the amount that he sold it for
over and above what he gave for it originally.
Mr. JOHNSON. Although he had not re-
ceived it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If he sold if, that is to
say, if the honorable Senator from Maryland in-
vested a certain portion of his property in real
estate twenty years ago and held it until this year,
and this year sold itat an advance, all the increase
m price, making these deductions, must be con-
sidered as income for this year. The thing itself
was manifestly wrong, because it is capital, and
it is capital as it accumulates from year to year.
M r. JOHNSON. Has it been so construed un-
dei the old law ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was the construc-
tion the Commissioner put upon it in writing.
Our difficulty was to fix any ratio of income. If
anything could be considered as income m such
case, it is the increase of value for the year. If,
for instance, you buy property one year and hold
it, and by last year's accumulation on it it became
so much"more valuable, that might be considered
as income when you sold it; but how could you
tell very readily what that was ? The committee,
therefoie, in considering the question and looking
into the difficulties that suirounded it, came to
the conclusion that the only mode in which it
could be arranged—and it should certainly bp
fixed in some way—was to provide that if a per-
son sells property of any sort within the year,
you may estimate the increased value, what he
made upon the transaction, as income; but cer-
tainly n should not apply to purchases existing
befoie we ever thought of passing an income tax
or'internal levenue tax. We fixed it in that
way, coming to the conclusion that that was the
only reasonable mode m which to fix it, and trust-
ing that if the House differed with us in opinion
they would enable us to establish some other rule
that would be better than ours.
The amendment was agreecf to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixteen, line six,-after the word "in-
come" to strike out the words " has been," and
to inseit "is or should be;" in line ten, to strike
out the words {{ as an officer,"and to insert " for
seivices;" in line thirteen, to stukeout the word
" sum," and to insert " rate,"and aftei the word
" dollars" to insert the words " per annum;" in
line fifteen, after the woid "any," to strike out
the words, " bank, trust company, savings insti-
tution, insurance, railroad, canal, turnpike, canal
