1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of liberty; it is the hope of freedom. Give us
free speech; give us a free press; give us a free
ballot-box, and we will stand all else and respond
to every call made- upon us. Seek to strike these
down, and the last hope of the country will go
down in blood and darkness.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman 
Mr. VOORHEES. No, sir. No, sir.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I only wish to
say that the gentleman misunderstood the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck.1
Mr. VOORHEES. I decline to yield.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from Ohio
did not say {< Be silent."
Mr. VOORHEES. This may be as good a
time as any to attempt to silence the representa-
tives of the Democratic party.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mycolieag ne never said it.
.Mr. VOORHEES. Thegentleman from Ohio
is not in command of this department, [laughter.]
Sir, I desire and intend to discuss this great ques-
tion in a proper temper. I have laid down the
reasons why 1 do not feel myself called upon to
vote to expel any man from this House for the dec-
orous expression of a political opinion. Neither
will I vote to censiue him for such an act. Let
me state this issue clearly and properly. I hold
that the rules of the House protect its decorum, its
personal relations, and, whether men are gentle-
men or not, enforce a strict regard for gentlemen
in whose presence they are and with whom they
associate, i hold thai a man observing those rules
has a right under the Constitution to'express his
political sentiments with the utmost freedom.
This is all I understand the gentleman from
Ohio has done. You ask me to expel him. Is
he my Representative? Am I responsible for
him? Are you? Another people-sent him hero.
With that people I leave him. He is their mouth-
piece. What is this Government? A represent-
ative Government means the voice of the people
speaking here by every member upon this floor.
The voice of your people of New York speaks
through you, [to Mr. Fernando Wood;] and the
voice of the constituents of my friend from Cin-
cinnati speaks through him. The peopleare here
in their majest}', speaking through their Repre-
sentatives. Ask your people to make war upon
the people of my district, and we will meet you
at the threshold. Let any Representatives seek
to silence the Representative whom my constit-
uents send here, and it is their insult as well as
mine. The principle of representation is imme-
diately destroyed by such a course. A large por-
tion of the American people, perhaps a majority,
are at once disfranchised. Their voice is hushed
in the halls of legislation, and they are simply
allowed the poor privilege of paying taxes and
fighting at the bidding of a master.
Sir, I do not expect to agree with every man's
sentiments, but is that a cause for me to sock to
purge this House of all contrary opinion ? Is that
acemseforme to arraign men for the political
scaffold? Is that a cause for me to follow in the
wake of a modern Robespierre on a small scale in
intellect and on a large scale in venom—the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck]—who says
men should be shot, on account of their opin-
ions? I know nothing in the character, nothing
in the civil or military career, including his
movement on Vienna, which gives him the right
to assume superiority over the members on this
side of the House. I listened to his low talk
about copperheads creeping out of their holes. It
was not language becoming the place where he
stands; it was becoming the precincts rather of
a bar-room political gathering. Indeed, to judge
from his allusions to Gulliver's travels, he would
be more at home there than he is in the society
of gentlemen. Sir, lie volunteers this assault on
this side of the House. We have not sought it.
Every man who has served with me in Congress
knows that 1 dislike and avoid personal contro-
versy with my peers on this floor. But the tenor
and tone of the remarks of the gentleman from
Ohio seem to invite, to challenge, to provoke un-
pleasant controversy. So far as I am concerned
and those who sit around me, we respond with
definnce.
Mr. Speaker, the general principles which I
have thrown out on the subject of freedom of de-
bate apply to every person. I am discussing now
not merely the right of a Democrat on this floor;
I am discussing the right of every Republican on
this floor. I go further. I am discussing the
right of the humblest citizen of America, the right
to escape the galling yoke of tyranny and op-
pression; the last right, what Mr. Webster prop-
erly called a home-bred right, a fireside privilege,
on the extreme boundary of which he declared
he stood, and which should not be called in ques-
tion anywhere. We are asked to strike that
down. Run your mind's eye back over the his-
tory of the world. The dark spirit of bigotry and
intolerance once chained down Galileo for saying
that the world moved, laid him on the damp floor
of a dungeon, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] would do with his political opponents.
Opinion was divided. Some said that Galileo was
right; some said he was wrong. So it will be as
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long.] But
while he lay in his festering irons on the floor of
the dungeon, he exclaimed to himself, "The
world still moves." Chaining his person did not
chain his thought, could not control his opinion,
nor contradict the fact which he had discovered.
Thought is boundless, eternal, and cannot be
chained nor controlled. You are making a vain
attempt. You are committing a sacrilege against
the divinity of human nature. You invade the
very holy of holies wfth unclean feet, the in-
most recpsses of man's nobility, the right to think
for himself. You are actuated by the same fell
spirit which a few years ago struck down men
because they worshiped God according to the dic-
tates of their own consciences, because they wor-
shiped Him with a crucifix of their Saviour in
their hands. It is the same murderous and pro-
scriptive spiiit which in Puritan New England
whipped, scourged, branded, and seared men and
women of the Ctuaker persuasion. It is the same
infamous and damnable spirit which has stamped
undying, condign, loathing, and abhorrence for
all succeeding ages, on all the names that were
ever connected uyth an attempt to crush the free-
dom of thought and the freedom of speech.
But, sir, let me go a little further in this con-
nection. I have a kind regard for the Speaker of
this House, [Mr. Colfax.] Nothing but per-
sonal kindness and acts of personal courtesy have
ever passed between him and me. I regret ex-
ceedingly, however, that he has placed himself in
the attitude of public accuser on this occasion. I
think on a short review of the antecedents of his
own political history he will come to the conclu-
sion that I did when 1 heard lie had fathered tin's
prosecution, this accusation—I thought that a little
charity would well become him, a little of the
kindliness of his natural nature, if I may be al-
lowed to use a tautological expression. I remem-
ber that kit a time when this country was all at
peace, when it was moving on a happy, almost
unruflled sea, a piratical craft was suddenly
launched on the political waters by one Hinton
Rowan Helper, who, it' I am not mistaken, now
holds office as consul to Buenos Ayres under the
Administration you so much love. His book of
infamous notoriety, recommended assassination,
recommended cowardly muider, recommended
that slaveholders be killed by strychnine admin-
istered by their slaves, recommended the torch to
the roof and the knife to the throat of men, women,
and children, declared total exterminating war
against slaveholders in express terms. If any-
body disputes this I have the book here to convince
them. 1 lamented, I bowed my head with grief,
when that incendiary book appeared with some
sixty-eight names of the Republican members of
this House appended,and the name of the present
distinguished Speaker at the head of the entire
list. It was recommended by these signers as a
work of very great public merit, and approved for
general circulation. But I would not expel him
for that. No, I would not even censure him for
that, except to differ with him as one member may
differ from another. I would argue the question
with him. I would tell him that lie gave his name
in a time of profound peace for war; that when
the smoke and carnage of battle were not ascend-
ing, when the sky was clear and the sun was
shining, he gave his voice for stiife and desolation
—for the war of John Biown—of servile insurrec-
tion; not an honorable war, not a civilized war,
but a war of murder, of barbarism, of the sly ughter
of women and children in their beds. Such wivs
the voice of the present Speaker of the House at
that time.
The same gentleman now cannot tolerate t1b$r
gentleman from Ohio; no, he cannot tolerate t&e,,
gentleman from Ohio. His virtuous,.pure,
stained patriotism is shocked; and he rushes from*
his Speaker's chair, springs to the floor, before^
anybody else can get in a resolution, wiRi-thea^'
peara'nee of saying, 1 cannot' be held aoy lon-
ger; this thing will not do.1" And yet this in iiitf,"
gentleman whose voice was for dishonorable
when the country was in a condition of profound
peace 1 The gentlemansI am sure^will notcom-,
plain atthis little episode in hjg politicallustory*.
Those who are swift to accuse should not com-
plain if their own deeds make retort upon them.
I would be the last man to throw my colleague's*
'record in his face but for the spirit he has shown
here.
Sir, let him compare faith and works upon th^,
subject of the Union, upon the subject of peace,
upon the subject of fraterfiity, upon the subject
of the preservation of our Government, with the-
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long*.] and he wi|l,
have no ground to hurl the first stone. The ad-
monition of the Saviour comes with peculiar foreft,
to an indorser of the Helper book, to an inciter
of riot, blood, war, and disunion. Let him tha£"
is without sin cast the first stone atthegentlemaij
from Ohio for daring to express his sentiment#.-
upon this floor. If that injunction had been
obeyed, my colleague would have stayed his
hand, and remained in the Speaker's chair.
But let me inquire a little further in regard to
the light of my colleague to deal harshly with the
political frailties of his fellow-members. This Hall
was a few evenings ago given up to the great Eng-
lish abolitionist and disunionist, George Thomp-^
son. I do not know whether the Speaker -pre-,
sided on that occasion, as he did upon a former
. occasion of a somewhat similar character, but X
have no doubt he gave the light of his handsome,
his amiable, and most beneficent countenance.,
Still he cannot endure that the gentlemen from
Ohio and Maryland should have their utterances
upon this floor from their own seats, whatever
they may be. My distinguished colleague, the
Speaker, says they were for disunion. For the
sake of the argument, suppose they were. Let us
see what kind of company the gentleman himself
keeps; let us see who it was to whom he gaveakl
and encouragement in his work of destruction
and career of infamy. I hold in my hand the
resolutions of the American Anti-Slavery Society >
passed some time about the year 1850, and two of
them read as follows:
"Resolved, That while we would cxpie&s our deep grat*
itude to alt those earnest men and women who find time
and stiength annd their labors in behalf of British reform
to study, understand, and protest against AmciLcan sia-
very, to give us their sympathy and aid by mumficentcon-
tributions, and uy holding our Union up to the con-
tempt in KurokEjWC fee] it would not be invidious to
mention William and Mary Hovvitt, Henry Vincent, and
j George Thompson, as tho?e to whose untiring advocacy
i our cause is especially indebted in this country, as well as
i foi the hold it has gained on the heart* of the British people.
! '<RcsoUccL That the disctimiuating sence of justice, the
| sreadiast devntedrnvs the generous munificence, the un-
S tmnyzeal, tlie industry,skill, taste.and genius with which
i Biitish abolmoiiifatfe have cooperated with Uo for th© ex-
! unction of slavery, command our gratitude. From the
: ubohuoni&tjj (if England, tfcoiland, and Itcland, we have
jeerived icncwed fturf increasing a>s uianocs and pjoots of
' then constant and enlightened zeal in behalf ot the Arapr-
I ic.nt slave. Liberal gilts from ail of these countries, fail—
• mg behind none of the most bounteous of tormer years,
' helped to till the scanty tieasury of the edavc."
! Cluster round him you men of the latter day.
j Your love of the Union is a modern invention.
{ It comes to you late m life. It is a thing intended
1 to deceive. Yuu may as well stand by your old
I disunion colors. Rally, I say, round this Eng-
| lish standaul-bearer of the American abolitionists
of the American Anti-Slavery Society, who holds
up our Union to the contempt and derision of •
Europe, and receives public thanks for it.
Oh! how would the authority and power which
these men now invoke roll back upon them if it
were proposed to punish them for their disunion
principles! But t would not punish them for
even that expie&sion of their sentiments. JSotat
all. If you want a monarchy, you have the eight
to say so. If you want disunion, say so, and
discuss it like men. Truth is never afraid when
l"ft. free.. Error is never a dangerous element
when truth is left free to combat it. So I say to
you here, what you have to say, say it; but do
hotenjoy your rightthus to speak your sentiments
and then meanly deny to others the same right.
