1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3493
Constitution of the Republic, and read the lessons
of its commentators, and has heard the law as it
has been expounded from the most conservative
to the most latitudiimriaii that can justify legis-
lation of this kind. If this can be done, if .this
legislation can be justified by the text of the Con-
stitution or by its fair construction, we may em-
brace within the power of the concentrated Gov-
ernment all the powers now being exercised by
the several States themselves; we can aggregate
all their powers; we make a perfectly centralized
Government, and lose all the force and vitality
that may be expressed 011 my coast by my people
in disposing of their institutions and home regu-
lations advancing the progress of learning there—■
things that call out the force and action of the
people upon subjects in which they are imme-
diately concerned. We have established colleges,
we have established universities, we have estab-
lished academies of science on the coast of the
Pacific. This attempt at aggregating all power
in the General Government tends to destroy the
positive exercise ofthe power of local institutions.
That was a thing well known to our fathers when
they framed our institutions and when they sub-
divided us into States and conferred upon the
Federal Government only the powers granted by
the Constitution, preserving other powers to the
States themselves.
Mr. DOOLlTTL«E. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will yield for a moment, I wish to ask the
courtesy ofthe Senate to take up a bill which has
come from the House of Representatives in rela-
tion to certain half-breeds of the Winnebago tribe
of Indians, which we can dispose of without dis-
cussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall dispose of
this bill. 1 will only make one remark upon it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will state to my hon-
orable friend from Massachusetts that the bill to
which I refer has come from the House ol Rep-
resenlativcs, and unless it is passed immediately
these half-breeds may be crowded out of their
lands.
Mr. SUMNER.. I sympathize with the Sena-
tor, but let us act upon this question first. I will
only make one word of reply.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. It. will create discussion.
Mr. SCJMNER. I will only make one word
of reply, which i hope will be satisfactory.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I believe 1 am entitled
to the floor. I yielded to the Senator from Wis-
consin temporarily for a moment.
Mr. President, these gi eat questions of immense
magnitude seem like trifling tilings to many, and
Senators, Representatives, and citizens have al-
most forgotten to consider the weightand gravity
of the principles involved in propositions like
this. It may be true on the part of the Senator
from Massachusetts that he has considered these
things and proposes to aggregate in the central
Government all the powers of Government, and
he undertakes to present tins and other conter-
minous tilings as a policy, so as to wipe out the
lines ofthe States and make one grand empire.
That may be his policy. I have seen itindicated
from various quarters. It is revolutionary. It
is a trampling down upon the organic law that
lies at the foundation of the Government. It is
the establishment of a new policy foreign to our
fundamental law.
Now, sir, while I would go as far as he who
would go furthest to promote the objects the Sen-
ator proposes with the names that he presents, I
say I have not the right to promote such a cor-
poration; he has not the right to promote such a
corporation; and if it leceived the form of law
by the assent of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, and the sign-manual of the Presi-
dent, it would be no law, for the reason that it
would not be consistent with the fundamental
law under which we have undertaken to live, and
which we have sworn to support.
Mr. SUMNER. The answer is very simple.
I have in my hand the Statutes at Large contain-
in0" what was done by the last Congress. Heie
is^'An act to incdrporate the National Academy
of Sciences," appro\ed March 3, 1863, setting
forth the names of eminent, not to say illusti lous
men of science in our country, and constituting
those gentlemen as an Academy of Sciences, it
will be remembered by Senators that that vei y
Academy during this winter met in this building;
that one or more of our committee-rooms were
set apart for them; and 1 know there were many
Senators and gentlemen of the other House who
took a great interest in their meetings. This
Academy is devoted to the_ cultivation of the
sciences properly so called.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. There may be some ques-
tions about which the Senator and myself may
not understand each other exactly. Of course we
have the right to incorporate an institution in the
District of Columbia that is local to the District
by virtue of our general powers of legislation over
it, but that is not within the sphere of this legis-
lation as f understand.
Mr. SUMNER. The act of Congress t<T whieh
I have referred is general in its terms; it is not
limited to the District; it is a national act to create
a National Academy; and the bill now before the
Senate simply proposes to apply the same prin-
ciple to gentlemen engaged m the cultivation of
literatuie and art, and also to gentlemen engaged
in the cultivation of history and those sciences
which ore connected with morals and govern-
ment. In selecting those names I have followed
mainly the usage of France, which is the country
which has most excelled in academies of this
kind. I believe the precedent to which I have re-
ferred is sufficient. I do not think there can be
any constitutional objection, and 1 am sure that
the association if once organized would give op-
portunities of activity and of influence which
would be important to the liteiature of the coun-
try. I hope there will be no question about it.
Mr. HALE. I think, at tins stage of the ses-
sion—and 1 am sorry to make the remarks I do—
it is a little too late to be engaged in making a
close corporation of mutual admirers—and it seems
to me this bill is nothing more nor less—while
there are bills that relate to the publicservice that
demand tlite attention of Congress. I hold in my
hand a bill about which the Naval Committee
have been besought by the Secretary of the Navy.
He informs us that at this moment our Navy,
which now must consist in a great degree ot en-
gineers and gunners, for those are the men that
manage your steam vessels of war, is in such a
situation that the engineers are sending in their
resignations in great numbers, and that they hold
them there by mere force, and he asks lor some
relief to that corps. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have reported a bill, and they think it is
due to the subject, to the Senate, and to the coun-
try that they should lay it before the Senate, and
the Senate can act their pleasure upon it. I move to
postpone this and all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up House bill No. 534, to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to provide for the educa-
tion of naval constructors and steam engineers,
and for other purposes.
Mr. SUMNER. This bill that I have pre-
sented, as 1 have said, is one which simply con-
cerns the literature, art, and science of the country.
It has nothing to do with politics or slavery; and
I should like to make a personal request 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There is 110 chance of its
passing the House of Representatives. What
then is the use of taking up time with it here?
Mr. SUMNER. The other act passed the Sen-
ate under precisely the same circumstances.
Mr HALE. Oh, 110.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. JOHNSON. Js debate in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It is, to a limited extent. On a
question of the order of business the merits ot the
question are not open for discussion; but the rea-
sons, briefly assigned, why the one measure should
be postponed and the other preferred are in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to make an appeal
to my friend from New Hampshire to allow me
to introduce a bill. I shall vote for the postpone-
ment of the measure now before the Senate in
order to enable me to introduce a bill to provide
for an appropriation for the Washington aque-
duct which by mistake or misapprehension be-
tween the two blanches failed. It is absolutely
necessary that the bill should be presented and
considered at once in order that it may go to the
House of Representatives. It is agreed to, 1 be-
lieve, 011 all hands. The chairman of the com-
mittee of conference on the civil appropriation
bill, winch contained this provision, tells me that
it was not the design of the committee that the
appropriation should fail; but as a matter of fact
it has failed, and there is no appropriation either
for repairs or to pay up the deficiencies.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question"
is on the motion of the Senator from NeDv Hamp-
shire.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the Senator will al-
low me to take up th'is bill.
Mr. HALE. Let this come up first.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Maine'
can take up his bill after this is disposed of. I
desire to say that I have had frequent communi-
cations with the Department upon the absolute
necessity of an increase of the pay of the engi-
neers. I am informed by the-Navy Department
that a very large portion of the engineers now in
the service are held there by force, because the
Department has refused to accept their resigna-
tions. Their services are in so much demand
without the Navy that they are constantly re-
signing; and their pay now is less, considerably
less, than that of the mechanics who work on
the engines in the vessels.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
order is postponed; arid the bill indicated by the
Senator from New Hampshire is before the Senate.
washington aqueduct.
Mr. MORRILL. I now appeal to the Senator
from New Hampshire, as that is a House bill
and when passed here will be disposed of, to aHow
me to present this bill for the consideration ofthe
Senate at the present time. It will not take five
minutes. .
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let us go on with the bill
before us. it will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine asks the unanimous consent of the
Senate tointroducea bill without previous notice.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 348) to provide for the
supervision, repairs, liabilities, and completion of
the Washington aqueduct; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask for its present consid-
eration. .
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It appropriates #150,000 for the purpose of
constructing the dam of solid masonry across the
Maryland branch of the Potomac river near the
Great Falls, and for constructing the conduit
around the receiving reservoir and for paying ex-
isting liabilities and expenses for engineering, su-
perintendence, and repairs of the work.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
carmack and 1ums1sy.
Mr. WADE. I am directed by the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 11) in
relation to the claim of Carmaclc <fc Ramsey, to
report that the committee having met, after full
and free conference have been unable to agree;
and further that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the joint resolution.
I am further directed to move the indefinite post-
ponement of the resolution.
the PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on concurring in the report of the
committee of conference, which proposes to dis-
charge the committee fiom the further considera-
tion of the subject.
The report was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio now moves the indefinite postponement
of the joint resolution.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator agree simply
to postpone it to the next session of Congress?
Mr. WADE. Oh, no; let it be postponed in-
definitely.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask leave to offer a joint reso-
lution of which no previous notice has been given,
which will lead to no debate,and which, I think,
will meet the unanimous assent of the Senate.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. There are now
two questions undisposed of: one is thebill which
was taken up on the motion of the Senator from
New Hampshire,'and the other is the motion of
the Senator from Ohio to indefinitely postpone
