1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
navigation, or slackwater," and to insert," cor-
poration or joint stock;" in line nineteen, to strike
out the word " railroad," and insert "corpora-
tion or joint stock;" in line twenty, to strike out
the word " be,"and to insert " have been," and
after the word " and" tifinsert the words, " the
tax;" and in line twenty, afterthe word " said,"
to strike out the words," banks, trust companies,
savings institutions, insurance, railroad, panal,
turnpike, canal navigation, or slackwater," and
insert " corporation or joint stock*," so that it
will read:
Sec. 116. And be it further enacted, That in estimating
the animal gains, profits, or income of any person, all other
national, State, and municipal taxes other than income
lawfully assessed within the year upon the property or
souices of income of any person, as aforesaid, (rom which
said annual gains, profits, or income is or should be de-
rived, -shall be deducted, in addition to$600, from the gains,
profits, or income of the person whohas actually paid the
same; whether owner, tenant, or mortgagoi; also the sal-
ary or pay received for services in the civil, military, naval,
or other service of the United States, including Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates in Congress, above the
rate of §600 per annum ; and there also shall be deducted
the income derived from divideuds on shares m the capital
stock of any corporation or joint stock company, and the
Interest on any bonds or otherevidences of indebtedness of
any corporation or joint stock company, which shall have
been assessed and paid by said coiporations ot joint stock
companies, as hereinafter provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixteen, line twenty-five,after the word
" family " to strike out the words " not exceeding
$200. The anuual rental value," and to insert
"and the rental value;" in line twenty-seven, after
the word " homestead," to strike out the words
" in excess of $200;" in line twenty-nine,after the
word " shall," to insert the word " not;" and in
line thirty, afterthe word " person," to strike out
the words " for each ye§,r;" so that the clause will
read:
Also the amount paid ^y any person for the rent of the
homestead used or occupied by himself or his family, and
the rental value of any homestead used or occupied by any
person or by his family, in his own right or in the light of
Iiis wife, shall not he included and asse«-<ed as part of the
income of such person.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I'feel bound to explain
an amendment of that importance to the Senate
and the views which the committee had in rela-
tion.-to it. it makes an important change of the
House bill. According to the old law every man
wasallowed his homestead; that is to say5ius rent-
al value was not to be considered as income if he
owned it; if he hired the house, the amount which
he paid for rent was to be allowed. The committee
oftheHousc, however, in framing this bill adopted
a new rule; and that was to allow $200 to each per-
son for that purpose and make him account for
the residue. The matter occasioned very consid-
erable discussion in the Committee on Finance,
and the comtp-ittee came to the conclusion thatfit
was impossible to carry out that provision with-
out making a very odious discrimination especi-
ally between town and country. Inasmuch as it
depended upon the rent, k would have no sort of
connection with the cost of a man's house ori-
ginally but merely upon the renttfl value, and the
rental value would depend in a very great degree
upon the plAce where it happened to be located.
Thus it would be impossible to make it equal in
any way. It would impose a burden upon cer-
tain men who happened to live in a city, from
which meu living in the country where rents are
low, comparatively nothing, would be exempted
entirely. The committee thought the safer and
better principle would be to allow every man, as
the old law did, the rental value of his house,
whether he owned it himself or in right of his wife
or anybody else, or rented it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and sixteen, line forty-six, after the^word
" year" to insert tins following:
And all companies, whether incorporated or partnership,
other than the companies specified In section one hundred
and nineteen of tins act, shall pay the tax on income herein
ptovided on all gams and piofits, whetherdivided orothei-
wise.
The*amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section one hundred and sixteen the following
proviso:
Provide^-That in ca^es where.the salary or other
comp' nsanon pmd to any person in the employment or
koi vice of the United States shall not ■exceed Hie rate of
$600 per annum, or shall be by fees, or uncertain or iireg-
ular in amount or in the time during which the same
shall have accrued or been earned, such salary or other
compensation shall be included in estimating the annual
gains, piofits, or income of the person to whom the same
shall have been paid, in cuch manner as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, under the direction of the Secretaiy
of the Treasury, may prescribe; and in all cases where
such salary or other compensation shall have been heietO-
fore omitted from the list or return of the annuaj gains,
piofits, or income of the person receiving the same, and,
v# income tpx has been deducted or withheld therefrom,
it shall be competent for the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, under like direction, to cause the list or return
thereof to be made and the income tax thereon to be as-
sessed and collected in the same manner and to the same
extent as if the salary or other income so received hadbeea
properly listed and returned foi taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the sixty-fifth line the
word "the" should be inserted before the word
" amount," so as to read, " uncertain or irregular
in the amount."
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. That word will
be inserted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any member
of the Committee on Finance present except the
Senator from California, [Mr. Conness,] and.I do
not know whether he remembers it; but I am in-
clined to believe that the last clause of that amend-
ment was not agreed to by the committee; atany
rate it never was agreed to by me, I know. I ob-
jected to it at the time. The Senate will notice
that this amendment provides where an uncertain
salary or fees paid do not amount to $600 of them-
selves, they shall be taken intoconsideration with
the-other income of the present year if the whole
amount to more than $'600, so that the peison may
be charged upon the excess. That is all right.
That is an amendment suggested by the Com-
missioner in order to cover certain cases which
ought to be covered. The last clause, commen-
cing after the word " prescube" in the seventy?
first line authorizes the Commissioner to look up
the cases of the last year and have the like pro-
ceedings with regard to them. That is .a princi-
ple which if brought to my attention at the time
I should not have agreed to. It reads in this way:
And in all cases where such salary or other compensa-
tion shall hiivo been heretof'oie omitted liom the list or re-
turn of the annual gains, profit, or income of the person
receiving the same, and no income tax has been deducted
or withheld therelrom, It shall be competent lor the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, und'u like direction, to
cause the INt or icturn thereof tobe made and the income
tax theieon to be assessed and collected in the same man-
ner and to the same extent at. if the salary or other income
so received had been propeily lifted and returned for taxa-
tion.
If we omitted certain things in the law of last
year by which certain peisons escaped taxation,
1 do not think we are now authorized to go back
and insist that the Commissioner shall have the
right to say what should have been the tax last
year, and attach it to this provision. I think the
principle is a bad one.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was the omission an omis-
sion of the law itself?
Mr. EJESSENDEN. Yes, sir; the omission
was in the law itself. This amendment is intended
to remedy that omission in the future. 1 will
therefore take the liberty—I suppose the Sena-
tor from California, who is the only member of
the committee present, will agree to it—to move
to amend the amendment by striking out all after
the word "prescribe" in the seventy-first line, in
the words that I have just read.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and seventeen, line nineteen, to strike out
the word "general" befote the word "provisions,"
and in line thirty-eight to strike out the words
" as aforesaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and nineteen, line seven,after the word "in-
land" to insert the words "insurance company,
either;" and inline eight, after the word "mu-
tual," to strike out the words " insurance com-
pany;" so that it will read:
Skc. 119. And be it further enacted, That there shall be
levied and collected a duty of five per cent, on all dividend-?
in «crip oi money thereafter deelaieri due, and whenever
the same shall be pa} able, to stockholders, policy-holder,
or depositor-, as pait of the earnings, income, or gains ot
any bank, tm<t company, savings institution, and of any
file, marine, life, inland insurance company, either stock
or mutual, undei whatever name ot siv 1c known or called,
in the United Slate-*, See. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in_seetion one hun-
dren and nineteen, after the following-proviso—
Provided. That the duty upon the dividends of life in-
surance companies shall not be deettt-id due or to be col-
lected until such dividends shall be payable by «ucii com-
panies—
To add the following words:
Nor shall the portion of premiums returned by mutual tlffe
insurance companies to their policy-holder^ be considered
as dividends or profits under this aet.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in sectibn one hun-
dred and twenty-one, line forty-three, to* strike
out the word "general" before the word " pro-
visions."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and twenty-three, line six, after the word
" passing" to strike out the words " from any per-
son who may die," and in line seven, after i,he
word " act" to ifisert Jjke words " from any per-
son;" so that it will read:
Sec. 123. And_be it further enacted, That any person or
persons having in charge or trust, as administrators, execu-
tors, or trustees, any legacies or distributive shares arising
from personal property, where the whole amount of sueh
personal property, as aforesaid, shall exceed tiw* hum* of
f1,000 in actual vaijte passing after the passage of this net
ftom any person possessed of such property, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and twenty-three, line twenty, after the
word " at" to strike out the words ""and after."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChair will *
state that there are several«propo«itions of amend-
ment of this kind in this section, mere verbal cor-
rections, striking out the words "and after, " and
those amendments will be regarded as agreed to,if
there be no objection, without any further formal
notice.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and twenty-four, line six, to strike out the
word " paying" and insert " payment;'.' in line
seven to strike out the words " distributing any
portion thereof" and inserting the word "dis-
tribution;" and in line fifteen to strike out the
word " property" and insert legacy or distrib-
utive share."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and forty-two, line three, to strike out the
word "successor" anttinsert "succession."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and forty-six, line three, to strike out the
word " their" and to insert the word " his;"^nd
in line seventeen to strike out the word "or"
after the word "assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and forty-eight, line four, before the word
"assistant" to strike out the words "assessor
or;" so that it will read:
Sec. 148. -And beit further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for any party, liable to pay duty in respect of his suc-
> cession, who shall be dissatisfied with the a&f-e&sment of
the assistant assessor, within thirty days after the date of
such assessment, to appeal to the assessor, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one hun-
dred and fifty, line one, after the word "that"
to insert " all laws in force at the time of the pas-
sage of this act m relation to stamp duties shall
continue m force until the 1st day of July, 1864,
and;" in line four to strike out the words " the
1st day of July, 18G4," and to insett the words
"that day;" and in line twelve, after the word
" for" to insert " whom or for;" so that the sec-
tion will read:
Sec. 150. And he it further enacted, That all laws tn
force at the time of the passage of this aet in relation tfr
stamp duties §hall continue in force until the 1st day of
July, 1864, and on and after that day there shall he levied,
collected, and paid for and in respect of the several instru-
inentsj-matters, and things mentioned and described in the
schedule (marked B) hereunto annexed, or furor in respect
of the vellum, parchment, or paper upon which such in-
struments, matters, or things, or any of them, shall be
written or primed, by any peison or persons, or party who
shall make, sign, or issue the same, or for whom or for
whose use or benefit the same shall be made, signed, or
! issued, the >.everal duties or sums of money set down in
' tunues agam-t the same, respectively, oi otherwise speei-
, ffod or f et foith in the said schedule.  
'! The amendment was agreed to.
