THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
if)g, without those accumulations, already has run
up to #1,250,000 a year, and it is becoming alarm-
'"fir. POMEFtDY. I am aware that there may
be a difference of opinion among gentlemen on this
floor not only as to the expediency of publishing
the correspondence, but as to its value when pub-
lished. Thatquestion I do notproposc to discuss
here. Bull do say, and repeat,that the only ques-
tion before the House now is whether any addi-
tional number whatever of this work shall be print-
ed for the use of the State Department. If the
House say there ought not to be any printed I
will submit cheerfully to that decision,
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I move the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE,ofIi!inois. I ask thegen-
tleman from NewYork to withdraw the demand for
the previous question, in order that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania may be
brought before the House. I think it is a fair prop-
osition. I think it is but just and proper that we
should give up the number of copies which belong
to us to the Secretary ofState. I am sorry that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pomeroy] has
soughttochange theissue before the House. The
objection to print this very large number ofextra
copies is made, not from disrespect to the Secretary
ofState, or from want of confidence in Ins distin-
guished ability, or from any indisposition to give
him the benefit of a full and fair hearing before the
country and before the world. I fully recognize
the value of this correspondence. Butitis a ques-
tion how far wo are willing to go in increasing these
enormous printing expenses. The cost of these
ten thousand copies must be enormous. It would
amount to a very large sum, and make an addi-
tional charge upon an already overburdened
Treasury. This is my ground of objection.
Mr. STEVENS, if the gentleman will with-
draw the demand for the previous question, I will
move theamendment which I have indicated, and
take the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. Since the question was
propounded to me as to the expense of this edition,
I have learned from the printer, who is here and
who has made an estimate, that it will be about
seventeen thousand dollars.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me to test the sense of the House on the question,
I move as an amendment that two thousand copies
of those already ordered by the House bo trans-
ferred to the Department of State.
Mr- A. W. CLARK. I dcclinc to yield for
that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. May I be allowed
to make a single observation ?
There was no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of'Maryland. It seems tome,
Mr. Speaker, that common respect for the judg-
ment of the gentleman who is considered woithy
to be intrusted with the foreign cmrespondents*
of tins Government ought to carry this Mouse to
the extent of allowing him to have as many copies
of a document as he deems necessary for the pur-
pose of stating our case to the nations of the
world. If the House mean to higgle over the
small sum of ten, fifteen, twenty, thirty, fifiy, or
a hundred thousanddollars, required in the plead-
ing of our cause before the nations of Europe, let
it do so. For my part I trust that the gentleman
at tin- head of the Committee on Printing will ac-
cept no amendment, and let the House express
its judgment on the worth of the diplomatic cor-
respondence abroad.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. SPALDING called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 17; as follows:
YEAH— Mes^s. James C. Allen, William J. Allen. AI-
lev, Allison, Amos. Aticona, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley,
JJaily, Aujju.-aus C. Baldwin, John i). Baldwin, Baxter,
Beam.m, Jacob B. Blair, lJIiss, Blow, Boyd, William G.
Brown, Chruiler, Amlno^e W. Clark. Cobb. Cole, Cox,
Cravens, Cie&wcll, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T.
Uavis, Dawson, Denung, Denm«on, Donnelly, Eden,
Edgerton, Bldridire, Eliot, Finck, PranU, Gan?on, Cooeli,
Griimell, Hall, Harrmston, Hernck, Ihsjby, Hooper, Ama-
bel W\ Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard, Hullmrd, Hutenu4?,
Jencfce , William Johnson, Kalbtleiselu Kasson, Kelley,
Francj* W. Kcllogtr. Oiiando Kelloss, Kernan, Ki:;^, Le
Blond, Long. Loii^year, Marvin, McAlhstei, MoBride,
McClurg, Melndoe, MeKiuney, Middieton, {Samuel 1<\
Miller, Mooriieail, Daniel Moirfe, James It. Morns, Amos
Alcxwiiler If. Eic-n, John II. Rico, Robinson, Rogers, fc<l
ward ii. Rollins, Bchcnck. Scofield.Scott,Slianiiiin,Sloan
Smith, Smitheis, John B. Steele, Stiles, Stiouse, Smalt,
Whayer, Tlimnaa, Trafji, Upson. Van Valkenhiugll, Wil-
liam B Washburn, Webster, Whnley, Wheeler, Joseph
W. White, Windom, Wmfleld, and Yearoan—118.
NAY.S—Messrs. Boutwell, Biandegee, Brooks, Broom-
ail, Dawes, Briggs, Fariibwoitil. Gnder, FlolmJll, Julian,
McDowell, Spalding, Stevens,, Klihu B. VVa-Jiburno, Chil-
ton A. White. William^, and Wilson—17.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THIS SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Poknev,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Senate
had passed a bill to establish a uniform system
of ambulances in the Army of the United States;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
UNITED STATES REGISTER AGAIN.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. The gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] withdraws his ob-
jection to my resolution for the purchase of one
thousand copies oftheUnited States Register for
1864, provided that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Piinting. I agree to that reference.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
received and referred accordingly.
BOUNTIES.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of the following res-
olution, submitted yesterday by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kellogg:]
Raolceii, That Hie Committee on Military Affans be ie~
quested to iiifimie into the expediency ol'piovhlmg by law
for bounties to be paid t<> nich voiiiuti cid as ic^iii.trly un-
lisfed into tin: regiment first called nut bj The Pi^-ulent lor
two yeais, and weie lionoiablydUtharjjodlrom the scmce
vvlib fcueh lejjhncnts, ami beforetUo cwpnationot twoyeais,
and ibai they leport by bill 01 otheiwi-e.
The pending amendment, moved I>y thegcntle-
mau from Indiana, [Mr. IIoi.man,] is to stiike
out the wo ids " lequested to inquire into the ex-
pediency of," and insert " directed to report a
bill."
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw that amendment,
and move the following as a substitute foi the res-
olution:
That the Committee nn Militaiv Allans be in-tmcted to
inquire into the expediency of leportm:: a bill piovulinj;
forp.ij ins to the pnvate soldiei-«\\ ho enlisted loi two veal's,
and who'iuvr served lor that tcun and been ljonoiahli <h->
chained, the bounly ol ^ 1(K), and foi pa\ ni<; to said -oldkms
who enlisted I'm tin ft* j oai- or lor liic wai, and who ha\ <•
been iiouoiahly di-chaujod before a set vice of two vear-:
tor d mainlines ut fit tied ni (he <ei vice attei enlistment, (loi
otbci cause-, than wound.-* larivcd m battle, wlueh have
Ix't'u piuvided foi,) an atnoiml ol the boiuitv of $10(1 pio-
poiti{ natr to the tunc of actual ^crvioe, and apply the -attic
pi niciplc to lhe soldiers who enlisted tor two j ears, and be-
loic the tinm ol sciviee were in like niannci di.^cltarg(,d.
Mr. ICKLLOGG, of New Yoik, doraunded.tho
previous question.
Tiie previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
]\J r. SCII KNCK. 1 ask the gen f Ionian to amend
his substitute, so as to request the committee to
inquire into the expediency of re porting; such a bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. i would do so without hesi-
i tation if thete were any prospect of the Cummit-
| tee on Military Affairs reporting on the subject.
I U was arnoii^; the earliest matters referred to that
! committee, and so fur there has been no leport.
! Mr. SCHENCK. We will report on thatsub-
; ject as soon as we can get the floor to report on
anything. A bill has been refened to the com-
' mitteo embodying those things, which will be re-
1 ported on.
! Mr. HOLMAN. When?
! Mr. yCHEiNCIv. So soon as wc cat) get an
1 opportunity.
I Mr. HOLMAN. Then 1 modify my substitute
( so as to make it a request instead of duection.
I The substitute, as modified, was .then adopted.
; CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
| The regular order of business being1 called for,
1 the House pioceeded to the consideration of the
'joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) to amend "An
; act to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and
rebellion, to seize and confiscate the property of
rebels,and for other purposes,"approved July 17,
1862> on wluc.h the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Woodbridge] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I had not
intended to occupy the time of the House in dis-
cussing the subject now under consideration, but
as the debate has assumed proportions which I
did not anticipate, and as I am a member of the
committee which leported the joint resolution, it
is due to myself, briefly as I may, to express the
views which control my action. I shall treat the
confiscation act, so far as legislation is concerned,
as "res adjwlicata." Thp various questions arising
under it, upon which the best minds of the last
Congress honestly differed, will doubtless, when
the proper occasion arises, receive a judicial pon-
struction from the highest legal tribunal m the
land.
Admitting confiscation to be the settled policy
of the country, and the confiscation act to be the
law of the land, 1 shall direct my remarks to the
point as to how far the property of the rebels may
be taken under it, and whether there is any con-
stitutional objection to enforcing its provisions to
the extent claimed by its friends.
Respecting the rebellious States, two extreme
grounds seem to have been taken. First, that
they are still in the Union, with all their former
rights not impaired, but temporarily suspended
by violence and wicked rebellion, and that upon
its suppression all these rights again vest. Sec-
ond, that they are out of the Union, having for-
feited, by solemn renunciation of their obligations
to the Federal Government and war upon it, all
claim to the rights and privileges accorded to them
by the Constitution, and hence are to be treated
as alien enemies. I confess, sir, that with my
present views, I am inclined as between the two
to adopt the first position, with important modifi-
cations.
I am accustomed to listen to the distinguished
and experienced gentleman from Pennsylvania
with the gieatest "interest, and always distrust
myself when I differ from him; but, sir, when we
admit the rebellious States to be belligerents and
alien enemies, the war assumes an aspect and is
controlled by laws and principles which I do not
propose to extend to rebels in arms. As alien
enemies they are to be treated under the law of
nations, and no municipal regulation or law of
ours can affect their status either as to person or
property; or m other words it can neither add to
nor detiact from their i ights as established by the
law of nations. When we concede them to be
alum enemies, we concede the tei i itory which they
occupy to be alien territory. By force of arms
we may occupy it, but by occupancy wc do not
divest the title to the realty except so far as itmay
rest in the public. Suppose we were at war with
Great Britain, and marched our armies into Can-
ada. By -the law of nations we may occupy and
use their lauds for the convenience and comfort of
our armies, or we may use or take away, subject
to our own municipal regulations, whatever per-
sonalty we may capture; hut could we divest un-
dei the law of nations the title to the realty? I
think not; and hence if we treat the rebels as alien
enemies the confiscation act is unnecessary,
j Are the jebels alien enemies? If the rebellious
! States are tie jure out of the. Union, they may be.
) If the rebellious States are within the Union, they
cannot be. The position of the South, so far as
the chaiacterof the war is concerned, depends, in
my judgment, upon the solution of a single ques-
tion. Can a State, either by an oidinance of seces-
sion oi by ihe uprising of the people, take itself
out of the Union? I do not consider it necessary
to discuss this point to loyal and intelligentgentle-
nn'i). Upon the other hand, if we adopt the view-
that the rebellious Slates have not dissolved their
allegiance to and connection with the Union, then
a confiscation law is not only wise hut may be
legally enforced. Treat the tebels as inbels", and
the war as a rebellion, and the confiscation actas
a municipal regulation is effective, and effective
upon the ground that it operates upon the prop-
erty of those who have wickedly renounced and
opposed by arms the Government to which they
owe allegiance. Treat them asahen enemies,and
the war as a contest between nations, and the ele-
ment of allegiance drops out, and the law of na-
tions alone is applicable to the conflict. -The mu-
nicipal regulations of neither one side or the other
