THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
"Tile Speaker, however, is doubtless satisfied
with the political company he keeps, and I liave
n'oright to complain. If George Thompson, of
England, and Wendell Phillips, of Ameuca, sui'.
Ms tttStes, he is only accountable for that sort of
patriotism to those who sent him here. If he
wishes to hug- to his bosom these two unrighteous
monsters of disunion and civil war it is no con-
cern of mine. And, indeed, it may meet with
Warm approval in northern' Indiana. It may be
that he is correctly representing his constituents.
I differ from him widely, and in doing so 1 am
perfectly sure that I property represent the prin-
ciples of the district in which I live. Aecoiding
to the views of the Speaker, however, the people
who sent rt)e here are somewhat old-fashioned in
their ideas. They live in a beautiful and fruitful
country. They are settled in one of the oldest
and richest portions of our great State. The old
men were familiar with Harrison and Taylor,
who both fought Indians on the fertile banks of
the Wabash and both died in the mansion of
Presidents. They have seen the country prosper
and become great under the old Constitution and
principles of the fathers. They do not think that
you can improve the work of 1789. They do not
think that Abraham Lincoln can make a better
Government than the one which suited George
Washington. They are content with what they
have. You think you can do better than Jeffer-
son, Hancock, Madison, and Adams. The people
I represent do not think you can. If they are to
choose between forms of government they would
take that of Washington instead of that of Lin-
coln.
Sir, I too hold, and shall to the last, to the
Constitution of my fathers. Its great piineiples
sustain me while standing here in the face of a
tyrannical, insolent majority, clingmg, like a mar-
iner utsea with hope almost lied, at times in despair
for "my country, distracted with t lie darkness
overhead and the storm around, still clinging to
and willing to perish on that Constitution, un-
changed in letter and spiut, believing ilint it will
better restoie this Union, if duly admimsieiid,
than any other instiumuiit which the wisdom of
man can give this downtrodden people.
You cannot come to me with your charges
about the war. 1 have done my duly. No dol-
lar of money has been paid out to feed and clothe
the soldiers foi which I have not voted, unless
detained by sickness from my seat. I did not
want ibis war, it is true. 1 thought it might have
been and ought to have been avoided. 1 think
to-day that peaceful remedies will belter restoie
the Union than the prosreution of wai under our
present Administration. Hut while wean; in war
I stand by the soldu;r in the held. Thi; domi-
neering gentleman from the third district of Ohm
[Mr. Schenck] cannot say as much. 1 will now
attend to him lor a few moments.
Mr. Spanker, ! will send to the Clerk's desk
to be read a curious paper which shows how the
gentleman IVom the. Dayton distuct gave aid and
comfort to the enemy m time of war ai a foimei
_ period of our history. How violent was that
gentleman a while ago! How unspniing his de-
nunciation*! How fieiccly he glaietl upon this
side of the House ! If he had the power t<> wieak
the wishes that were inflaming his soul he would
have waged a moie dangerous war upon us here
than he has ever been able to wage upon the
enemy in the field. How savagely he menaced
this side of the House! Aid and comfoit to the
enemy! 1 will prove the gentleman himself guilty
of that crime by his own statements.
You say that speaking against war gives aid
and comfort to the enemy. You say that voting
against supplies gives aid and comfort to the
enemy-. I will send to (he Clerk's desk a series of
resolutions offered by the gentleman from Ohio in
1847,one month before the glorious battle of Buena
Vista was fought, one month, sir, [to Mr. Cra-
vens] before you and othergallantgentlcmen upon
this floor charged the enemy thiough a hail of
death on that field, a battle-field which gave a Presi-
dent to the Republic.
jU will be seen that whether or not the gentle-
man from Ohio had a Mexican face, he had a
Mexican heart at that lime in his breast. He was
then on the side of the enemies of the country.
He offered resolutions to withdraw our A rmy fi oni
Mexico, to be torn, harassed, and scourged by
the enemy hanging upon its rear. W e were fight-
ing i\ foreign Power ihen. Are the southern
people worse than a foieign people? Will you
wage a more relentless war upon them than upon
foreigners? Are Mexicans better than the peo-
ple of" Virginia, Tennessee, Louisiana, and the
other southern States? At the expense of being
declared disloyal, I say that I would be willing
to take them buck into my fraternal embrace un-
der the terms of the old Constitution. Ay, sir,
gladly and fondly. I would rather make peace
with them than with the filthy, broken, fragment-
ary, diluted race of Mexicans. I ask the Clerk
to lend the resolutions.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"Resoltcd by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Con stress assembled, Tliat, in
Older to teimiiiatettiK war unhappily exi-ting between Hie
United States and Mexico, with due regard lollie riglltd and
national oxibtonce ami independence of tin- two republics,
and with a view to bring about an honorable peace, the
Presidentorttie United Stale"be requested to withdrawal!
tioopfj and miht.uy ibices of tliu United Viatel, now west of
the Rio (iianile in Mexico to the pa*t Mdo of that river.
'' That all volunteer now in the service ot the united
states be <Ji;-charged, taking due. eaie, in the oidcr of di->-
charjrc, that provision bo made lor the return of ai! :-ueh
volunteer to their icspucuve homes*, or to the States in
which they were musteied into the hervice of the Govern-
ment-
" That the Pi evident ho requested and advi&ed to keep all,
or such portion as he may deem nece.s-aryforthatpurposc,
ot the regular Army under his command, along oi near the
western trontier ot the United totntos, piepaied to repel or
prevent any encroachment or depredation by Mexican citi-
zens or soldier*, on the territory, propeity,or people ofthife
Union, while any question 01 controversy-dial! remain un-
tuHfled between the (*oveimncnts of Mexico and the United
States: Provided, That tlustdiall nolbeeons-tiued to mean
that the Pirsidentis advifed against iewimn  possession of
the disputed countrj between the we tein limit of the^t.ue
ot Texas and the ilio Grande, until Mich time as a treaty
settling a definitive boundary line between the United status
and Mexico shall be concluded between the iw<> Govern-
ment-, it the President, in discretion, fdiull deem that
t*ueh eon tinned toicible possesion of that deputed territojy
will tend to promote the making of such tie.ity.
u That tiie Pio-uhint be advi>( d and lequested to prose-
cute the cMstinK wai ayau^t the Uuvermm-.itot Mexico by
olleetuallv blockading oi M-i/Jng and letaining, with eveiy
ptoper security, the haibuis, p< iof <*ntry, and custom
houses ot Mexico, on the Gull ot Mexieoand on the Pacific
coiist ol that eouutiy ; audio hold ihc-^tuno until s-uch time
as a tieaty ot peace may be made and ratified between the
Governments oi Mexico and the United State*, establishing
a peimanent boundary line between the teriitories ot the
two countries, liquidating and adjusting, and paying or
seeut ing to bo paid, <ill jlist indemnities loi «poliauons com-
mitted by Mexico or her citizens upon the petsonsoi prop-
ntv ol the citizens of the United State*, and settling all
oilier questions or causes of controveisy between the two
GovcrnriM nt*.
<kThat duties shall ho levied uponeood*, \vaic.«,and mer-
chandise impoited into Mexico, at the poitsot eutiy and
custom-house-, ili.it may he held in poss< -non !>} tlu; author-
ities o! the United State*, at the Ktnie rate and collcclvd
in like mauuei a* such dulie-. am levied and collected lor
the fine being at the custom-houses o! the United Slates,
and thi pioc erd-of duties, so collected in Mexico, shall
con-titute and b<- madea!nnd,lo be held a---remit} against
Mexico until she Miall .njiee to and conclude a treaty a«
atoresiud.
"That no further ineiea^r of the piesenl it pillar Army of
the United Slate* shall be made by enlistment oi otherwise;
hut, as hist as the teims of enlistment oi soidn-rs now m
sui vice may expue, the, Aimy shall b<; induced until it is
brought 10 the number that was in scrviec on the Utdayol
January, 1M7.
'> ,'lnd he it fiDlho icvoh rrf, T4ut it is against the policj
and intcic*-1 of this Government to wage a war for the con-
quest ol tei i itoiy, and then; should not he acquired, by any
treaty to be negotiated and concluded between the Govern-
ments of flic Unit, d State? and Mexico, any tei ritory wh.it-
cvet additional tothetemioiv now b mg legally and properly
within the piesent limits ot the United Stnte«, 01 within
the houndaiv ol any now existing State of this Union.
ki*#nd bt it/u)therrcsoh<ul, That no application of any
money appinpnated, or to be appiopri.ited, by actol this
Congies.-, for cauynig on the existing wai with Mexico, oi
tor increasing, sirengthcinng, oi in any way supplying the
militaiy or naval deienses or lorces ot this Government,
shall be made, nor is any expenditure theieot nuthnuxed,
except such application and etpemiituie he hUicily m ac-
coi dance with tiie declaration and piovjsion* of these ics-
oluttons,"
Mr. VOORIIEES. Tlio House lias hoard the
resolutions timt 1 have sent up to be icatl. I have
simply to say in regard to them that if members
upon this side of the House are traitors m con-
sequence of ihcir opinions antagonistic lo tiie
present war, the gentleman lrom Ohio was a trai-
tor in January, 1847, when lie iuttoduced these
resolutions. If there is aid andeoinfoit to the
rebels in arms in the position of any gentleman
here, then theie was aid and comfort thrice over to
the Mexicans in the icsolutions just read. Every
Mcxtcan lancor that murdered our wotnuled men
hailed tho name of the ^eniicman from Ohioas his
ftiend. Every guerrilla that preyed upon our
ij ttainx, struck down and mutdered weak escorts,
if cut off supplies from out starving solditTss hailed
the gentleman from Ohio as a coworker vviih him in
expelling tiie American Army from Mexico. The.
Mexicans were working to get our Army out of
their country, and the gentleman from Ohio was
wot king to the same end.
Sir, Ohio seems unfortunate. If the gentleman
whom you seek to expel [Mr. Long] be unfaithful
to his country in time of wai, lie has very illus-
ti ious precedents in the foimcr history of his State.
Her voice has been heard in the other branch of
Congress in to es forever memorable. Aid ami-
comfort to the enemy 1 Corwin stands high With
this Administration. He is very properly a min-
ister to Mexico. Fie invoked the soldiers of Santa.
Anna to murder our gallant troops and lay them
in hospitable graves in a foreign land. Io the
very best of their ability they obeyed his bloody
instructions.
Such wAs the position of these distinguished
friends of the Administration from Ohio duringji
war with a foieign foe—Mr. Corwin in the Sen-
ate, and the gentleman from the Dayton district
[Mr. Schenck] in the House. They were co-
operating together. By voice and by vote they
were encouraging the Mexicans to fight, and to
fight on; and while our troops were met in front by
Mexicans, they were assailed tn the rear by these
distinguished allies. ' By the last resolution just
read at tiie desk no money was to be paid to our
troops except in accordance with the provisions
of those resolutions; that is,upon condition that
they should be withdrawn irons the enemy's
country. No pay was to be given them while
they were there. The meanest vote that any man,
in my judgment, ever gave is a vote to stop the
rations of°the soldier. It matters not whether
the war be right or wrong, the soldier must be
paid. To starve him is no statesmanlike plan by
which to slop an unjust war. Yet that was pre-
cisely the vote given by the gentleman from Ohio
who now delivers a lectuic to the House upon
the subject of American patiiotism. There^ it
siands recorded. There is a Nemesis of polities
which comes back to avenge injustice and in-
iquity. It comes now to torment and plague the
gentleman from Ohio. It avenges the wrong and
outrage which he seeks to inilict upon his col-
league; it comes now in the face of the soldiers
of This war, and tells them that the gentleman
fiomOhiu would leave them to beggary and want
if he should become dissatisfied with this war as
he was with the war against Mexico. What
man has done man will do again.
Sir, I acccpt no lecturc upon the subject of pa-
triotism from such a source. But at the same
time I freely admit that the gentleman from Ohio
had the right, the moral,legal, and politicahight,
to introduce the resoluiionsin regard to the Mex-
ican war if they embraced his sentiments. I would
have neither expelled nor censured him for his
action. They were wrong in my judgment, but
if they were right in his then he was tight m of-
feiing them. I am for toleuition m ail matters of
opinion. We cannot all think alike. God did
not make us so. Yon remember the parable,
sometimes thought to be taken from Scripture,
but said to have been uttered by Benjamin Frank-
lin, on this great question of freedom of opinion.
Aram was sitting one evening at the door of his
lent when a wayfaring man came by. Aramin-
Mted him to go in and sup with him. The way-
fam did so. Aram asked him to bless before he
btoke biead. The wayfarer said no, that was
not his way of thinking. Immediately A mm
xiiose ni wrath, took his stick and bent the stran-
ger, wounding and b  ujsmg him, and di iving him
fiom the shelter of his roof. In the silent watches
of the night, however, the voire of God came to
Aiam, asking him," Where is the stranger?"
"Why," said Aram, " I asked him to biess and
return thanks before he pat took of bread, and he
refused, so I drove him hence." " But," said the
voice of the Almighty, " I have borne with that
man, I have known his opinions, I have allowed
him to live; 1 have never beaten him and sent him
forth into the wilderness. Go, Aram, and find
the victim of your miserable conduct, bung him
back, and pour oil into his wounds, feed him, and
lay him on your best bed, and take care.of him
until he is well."
Such is the voice of Divinity in favor of free-
dom of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of
private conscience. 1 implore gentlemen not to
attempt to stnke it down. Let tiie error, if error
