1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
il bo, exist so long as truth is left free to combat
it. in the beginning of time these two principles
were made. They have walked the earth together
ever since. They have roamed the earth for six
thousand years. Tiuth and error have been com-
bating on fields of reason, on battle-fields, every-
where. You of the abolition party go backtimty
years to the beginning of your own organization.
What was it you then most warmly contended
for? What but the right, the immortal right, to
speak your sentiments, to denounce your polit-
ical accusers, and to stand before the world as free-
men? Suppose this "gag-law, this instrument of
tyrants, this odious relic of barbarism, again re-
vived in this Hall, had been applied to some men
now sitting around met
I protest before the living God that 1 never knew
a man wearing the shape of man whom I would
notstand by and protectin his right of free speech
were he to utter his sentiments 111 a decorous and
becoming manner. Your party inscribed every-
where on its banners " free speech." Deny it
to-day if you dare. Trample itin the dust. Spit
upon it and despise it, if you will. The world
will despise you when you do the act. History
wili rake up the deed and preserve it, and the his-
torian will despise you as he writes it down. Pos-
terity wili despise this day in all the calendar of
time as the one on which liberty was murdered
in the Capitol. The heart and judgment of the
world will execrate you for the deed, just as it to-
day execrates the memory of the bloody monster
Robespierre, just as it recalls the memory of Marat
to cuisu it, just as it recalls the form of St. Just
to loathe him. There arc your models. Go back
fui ther. Nero was an eaily founder of your school
of politics. Some one man, 1 suppose, is to do
all the thinking here. So Nero thought. So the
blood-stained monsters of the French Revolution
thought. So the odious tyrannical bigots of the
English revolution of J640 thought. These arc
your examples. 1 implore you to discard them.
Walk out m the light of liberty, and appeal to
the people. Teii thern you will trust them. What
a commentary on the intelligence of the people!
You will not allow the gentleman from Ohio to
speak. Perhaps next you will not allow mo to
speak, other gentlemen from Ohio, the gentleman
from New York, and others aiound me. Why?
Arc you afraid you cannot meet us in aigumcnt?
Are you afraid the people will not be just and
true? Arc you afraid they will not have intelli-
gence enough to see that you are rsghtand we are
wrong5 Arc you afraid they have not virtue enough
to follow the right and to discaid the wrong?
You must believe they have not that intelligence,
or that they will not be true to their own judg-
ment, or you would ho willing to trust them to
discriminate between right and wrong. Sir, 1
trust, the people, j challenge you before that gi eat
tnbunal. I am willing to stand or fall by us de-
cision, and always have been. If you crush me
before the American people, before that tribunal
where free speech has fuli sway, 1 will go down
without a murmur. If [can drive you from place
and power in the same arena by the same means,
if you arc honest men you will submit also with-
out complaint.
Rut if you think because you have the power
to-day that you can gag me, that you can tic my
tongue, that you can deny to me the right to speak,
then woo to this nation. When you undertake
to carry that purpose into effect, the day of doom
will be upon us. It cannot be done; you know
itcannot be done withoutaconfiagration thatshall
light up the veiy arches of the sky from ocean
to ocean. Are you ready for this issue ? Do you
want it? If you do, it can be made by the ex-
pulsion of the gentleman from Ohio. This will
no longer be an Ameiican Congiess. We will be
chained slaves, and the next question to determ-
ine will be whether as men of honor we can re-
main and wear the yoke.
Sir, this is a painful theme to me. I feel moie
of sorrow than of anger over such an issue. Let
me appeal to the sense of justice which I know
animates some breasts on the other side of the
Cham be i. Let us not misundei stand ea* h othes.
Let us deal with each other as honest men,sUiv~
ingfor a common purpose—th<"> restoration of our
unhappy country. You may have your views of
what policy is most conducive to that end; you
have the right to your opinions; I have the right
to mine; but bccause of this difference of opinion
in regard' to ^accomplishing the same object, by
all that we hold dear in the present, and by all
our hopes of the future, let us not cut each other's
throats and precipitate strife and violence here and
all over the land. The civilized world would cry
shame upon such a scene, and the latest genera-
tions of our posterity will heap reproaches on our
memory.
Mr. ORTH obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me in reference to some per-
sonal points.
Mr. ORTH. Certainly. -
Mr. ROBINSON. I object unless the gentle-
man from Indiana yields unconditionally.
Mr. ORTH. I yield unconditionally to the gen-
tleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. I thank my friend from In-
diana for his courtesy m yielding me the floor.
As I have said, Mr. Speaker, I asked it for the
purpose of noticing one or two matteis purely
personal which have made a part of the remarks
of the gentleman who has just taken his seat.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a point of order.'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. State it.
Mr. ROBINSON. It, is this: the gentleman
from Ohio cannot make two speeches on the same
point.
Mr. SCHENCK. The point of order comes
too late.
Mr. ROBINSON. Let me make my statement.
The gentleman from Ohio cannot speak again
until other gentlemen who have not spoken have
been heard. I raise the point under the rules
against the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SCHENCK. That would have been a
good objection, but not a liberal one, if made in
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chairover-
rules the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I was not
present during the first poition of the remarks of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Vookhees.]
I understand, however, thatin the course of those
remarks he took exception to language which lie
imputed to me anil which ho denounced as dicta-
torial and offensive. Ills statement, as it is re-
ported to me, was that he undettook to get the
floor while I was speaking, and that I said to
him, "Be silent." Thegentleman strangely mis-
understood me. i was not even aware that, tie
had made any attempt to get the floor. Possibly,
as 1 am a Imle near-sighted, that may account
for it.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I have been labor-
ing under a mistake. 1 understood the gentleman j
to say, Ijf silent. " j
Mr. SCHENCK. I did not say so. j
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I misunderstood the
gentleman. His word on that point is sufficient. •
Mr. SCHENCK. I usfd no surli language j
towaid any one, nor did 1 dneetany remark to i
the gentleman from Indiana. My refeienee was j
to the gentleman ft om Ne w Yoi k, [M i. Eerxando
Wood,] who sought to intenupt me but who had
not peimitted any one to interrupt lum. When
lie tose more than once during my lemftrks I de-
clined to yield,and on one occasion said "notyet."
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say that I at-
tempted three or four times to inform the gentle-
man from Indiana that what he said was not ac-
cording to the fact, and he utteily lelused to allow
me. ,
Mr.VOORHEES. I was not aware of the pur-
pose for which the gentleman rose. The cries of
order around me prevented mo hearing him.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is past. The gentle-
man from Indiana later in Jus speech, and in that
portion of it winch I did hear, in order to prove
that I had been at a former time adverse to my
country's interests and guilty of a want of pa-
tiiotism, icfened to certain resolutions found of
record offered and moved in this House dining
the war with Mexico. I think he said that 1 of-
fered those resolutions. Yeiy idccly, but L hud
almostoi quite foigotten them until reminded now
by then reproduction. They present a somewhat
long and elaborate scrips of propositions, and i
hope gentlemen'listened to them as they were
read at the Clerk's desk. They appear to have
been very carefullv framed—well drawn, indeed,
though I say it myself. It was many years ago, j
and f wastherefoic much youngci than 1 am now ; '
and L mtist confess' I feel rather 0ro«4.of
formance. , ^ \ " s
Weil, it is thought by the gentleman .front
diana that I did something then li-ke that w.hicjj !&.-
now charged against my colleague, [MivLosfe^
Sir, I admit that I never believed tiie-M exieut*.
wur ought-to have been brought.on as it.wug*
nor that the cause assigned for it by the theuPft^r
ideotand his southern party was sufficient, m* £h«:
Uuc one. But vvheu in.it 1 .thought it should bs<:
fought through. Therefore I v.oted for all appro*,
priations of men and money to carry-on that war
—all that were considered necessary for thaB pur-
pose by the war-directing power.
These resolutions which have been .read em-
bodied a plan by which I proposed to bring hos~.
tilities to a favorable close. The proposition I*,
made was in brief to withdraw our troops to this,
side of the river; to retain as many in the field us
were necessary, and to post them ajong the bor-
ders to prevent incursions or depredations by the,
enemy; to blockade strictly the ports of Mexico;
to seize all her custom-houses, both on the Gulf
and Pacific coasts; to raise money enough from,
import duties to pay expenses and all our just
claims against her; and to hold also what wa 
thus seized until a treaty should be concluded set-
tling satisfactorily the boundary line between us.,
I still think it was a reasonable proposition—w
good way to bring the war to a profitable end,,
it was my plan foi conducting and closing the
war. Thai was all. And tbeie might well be dif-
ferences of opinion as to the best mode of doing
that and " conquering a peace." I hope the gen-
tleman will incorporate the whole of the resolu-
tions as they were lead into his speech. I think
they will constitute the best part of it.
j f the gentlemen on the other side of the House,
if any gentleman anywhere, can find any parallel
between that and the refusal to furnish men and
money to carry on a war to put down an organ-
ized band of traitors who aie seeking to overthrow
their country, they aie welcome to the benefit of
the discovery. To my mind the cases arc totally
and utterly different. 1 was opposed to going
into that war, but being in it, 1 desired to con-
duct it to the best advantage to my country. But,
God help me, 1 hope I shall never be found en-
listing on the side of domestic traitors or encour->
ngmg them m their nefarious, horrible attempt to
destroy the integrity of our nation.
Now, sir, theie is another matter to which I am
told the gentleman rcfencd. While 1 was outof
the Hall ho made some allusion to my conduetin
the affair of Vienna, a military event which oc-
curred a.t an early period of this war. I desire to
know of him what his criticism was upon that
movement, and I ask him for the reason that
there has been a great deal of misrepresentation
indulged in in reference to that matter in public
punts and by various peisons winch I have not
hoietofore e\< r thoughtit proper for me to notice,
because they weie never repeated or indorsed by
anybody in my presence.
Mr.VOORHEES. I do imt know that I am
competent to ciiticisea military movement at all.
I simply said, and I repeat it now as neatly as I
recollect the language, that I knew of nothing in
the character of the gentleman from Ohio, either
public or private, either in a civil or military ca-
pacity, not even including his iniiitary«achieve-
ment at Vicuna, which gave him a right to crack
his whip as n satrap over this side of the House.
Mi. SCHENCK. What was that military
achievement at Vienna to which rhe gentleman
refers obviously with a design to make it a slur
and a disparagement? I am determined to know
if I can from an authentic and responsible souice
what is averred in regard to that affair that i may
speak of the facts.
Mr. VOORHEES. I have lepeated as nearly
as 1 can the language which 1 used. It may not
be exactly what 1 said, but the substance was
that I did not know of anything, even including
that affair, that gave the gentleman the right to
older me to be silent, or to stifle the full and free
• •xpreasion of his peers upon the floor of this
House. As to the details of that affair, I know
nothing except as 1 saw it desci ibed in the news-
papers as a case of disaster. If the details arc
desired by the gentleman fiom Ohio, he doubtless
can give them better than I can.
Mi. SCHENCK. All that relates to the dic-
tatorial character of my remark*, which the g-n-
