1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOgE.
was placed in his capacity and integrity. This
claim was sent to him, not to report upon, but to
determine, and upon his award the amount was
to be paitl out of the Treasury. He went out of
office before he decided it. His successor, Gov-
ernor Medill, took it up and decided that the
parties were not entitled to receive anything.
Mr. WADE. I understand all about that.
Mr. Medill availed himself of the technicality,
perhaps, of the opinion of the Attorney*General,
but did not go into the equities of the case and
did not investigate it. Mr. Taylor, the present
Comptroller, is as honest a man as any court we
have got, and as capable of making an investi-
gation of this kind as any court m the country,
and will be as likely to make a report that will
be equitable and just between the Government
and these claimants as anybody else.
The reason that induccs me to insist upon the
indefinite postponement of this joint resolution
and permit the Comptroller to go on with it is this:
the Comptroller being as competent as anybody
to determine it, a very large amount of evidence
having been taken before him, the case having
been adjudicated for some seven, eight, or nine
years, it seems to me that to turn around upon
these claimants now and tell them to go into a
court to commence a new suit on this subject
would not be treating them fairly. I think we
should postpone this resolution and let the Comp-
troller go on with his investigation until he gets
through. I hope, therefore, that we shall post-
pone it and leave the matter in his hands. He is
just as competent to decide it as any court to
which you could refer it. I think that will be
much more just, right,and equitable to the claim-
ants. Aftei selecting a tribunal to make this in-
vestigation, and after the parties have proceeded
a long time befote him, now to turn them over to a
new tribunal I do not think would be right or just.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Carl ile. Chandler, Clark, Foot,
Hale. Ham-, Hicks, MeDuugail, Moigan, Pomeroy, llairi-
f^ey, Sherman. Spiasuo, Sumiior,TenEyck,TiumbuI[. Van
Winkle, YVfuli', Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—li£.
NAYS—Me^-rs. liuckalew, (Jonuess, Davis, Hendricks,
Lam1 of Indiana, Powell. JLviddlo, and San^bmy—8.
AOSCNT—iMessis, Diown, Cuilamer, Cowan, Dixon,
Doohttlc, Fe^enden, Fotri, Gurnet, Raiding, llarlan,
IJeiujoison, [Jowaid, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
Moiii.II, Nesimth,Richardson,and Wiight—19.
So the joint resolution was indefinitely post-
poned.
ENCOURAGEMENT OF IMMIGRATION.
Mr. HALE. Let the bill that is regularly
before the Senate be read.
Mr. Ill DDL 15. I ask the Senator from New
Hampshire to allow the joint resolution that I
have sent to the Chairto be taken up. Itwilllead
to no debate and will not take a minute of time.
The P PvESi DENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware desires the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution indicated by him. Is there any objec-
tion? * *
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT^™tempore. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered.
Mi. McDOUGALL. I move to postpone all
piior orders to take up a resolution that I will
indicate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before that is done I hope
the Senator will allow me to make a report from
a committee of conference.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be received, if there be no objection.
The Secretaiy read it, as follows:
The committee or confidence on the di->a^;eein2 votes of
the two Hou-e- on the amendments to the hill (H. R. No.
413").to eueoinajre immisution, having met, after fall and
tieo eonfouMice have a^ieed to ircommend and do leeom-
nvnd to then ie-p'.cuve llou&eo as follows :
Thev iecomm''iid that the Senate leecde fiom their
amen Jmeih, and agK'e to the bill ot the IIohm: with the fol-
low in;' ninemirneiiN:
;5tnk<_ our «>1 said bill section thiee and add at the end of
section foui th" jollowtng: •• unless &uch immigrant shall
voiuntaitlv lenounce, under oath, In* allegiance to the
eontiuv ot hi-5 hitth and rieel.ne his Intention to become a
cit.scen of the United State-."
And stake out all of section mi of said bill, and the
House a«iee to the *anie. J0 nN SHERMAN,
II. 15. ANTHONY,
Manager!) on the pat t of the Sonata.
k R. U. WAc?IJBURNU,
WILLIAM WINDU.U,
Managers on the purl oj the Hjw>c.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the result
of the conference was to leave the bill about as it
passed the Senate, with very little alteration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that report, i do not think the Govern-
ment of the United States have any power over
the subject.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but two
Senators rising to second the call.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had further insisted
upon its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (No. 406) supple-
mentary to an act entitled "An act to grant pen-
sions," approved July 14, 1862, asked a further
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Sidney
Periiam of Maine, Mr. Moses F. ODELLofNew
York, and Mr. Epuraim R. Eckley of Ohio,
managers at the same on its part*
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had further insisted upon its
amendments to the bill of the Senate (No. 138)
to regulate proceedings in cases between landlord
and tenant in the District of Columbia, asked a
further conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
James F. Wilson of Iowa, Mr. Thomas T. Da-
vis of New York, and Mr. Ezra Wheeler of
Wisconsin, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the repoi t of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 511) to
piovide for the more speedy punishment of guer-
rillas, and for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills andjoint resolution; which
w6re thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore:
A bill (II. R. No. 4G0) for the relief of the
estate of Hon. John L. Robinson, late United
States marshal fur the district of Indiana;
A bill (II. R. No. 5G4) for the relief of Eliza
Cass Woodbridge; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to settle and pay the
claim of Anthony Sweeting, late pilot of the Uni-
ted States steamer Juniata.
MONARCHICAL GOVERNMENTS IN AMERICA.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on postponing the bill before the Senate,
House bill No. 534, to proceed to the considera-
tion of the resolution indicated by the Senator
from California, which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Thar the people of the United States can never
regard wnh indifference ilie attempt of any European power
to overthiow by force, oi to supplant by fiaud, the institu-
tions of any lepuhlicau Government on the western con-
tinent; and that thev will view with extreme jealousy, as
menacing to the people and independence ol their own
counuy, ihe efious ot any such Powei to obtain any foot-
holds lor monaichical Governments sustained by loieign
lniluuiy foiee in neat pioxnnity to the United States.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Scnatov from Cal-
iforniaallow mc to appeal to him ? if we are go-
ing to have any steam navy at all we must pass
the bill, and it must go to the House of Repre-
sentatives, becausc we propose to offer some
amendments to it. I hope he will allow the bill
to be passed. I do not believe it will give rise to
five minutes' debate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is now since January
last that I have sought to express some opmums
that I have to the Senate, and which I thought
of value to the Seriate by way of counsel. I
have not b. en allowed the opportunity. I have
quietly and modestly bided my time until the
Senate is about to adjourn. I am not going to
occupy any great length of time. I am not in the
habit of doing it without it is for some special ob-
ligation. If, however, the Senator from Rhode
Island says that this bill is a matter that can be
disposed of in a few minutes, I will agree to al-
low this resolution to pass by informally for a
brief tune, 1 reserving my right to my place on
the floor. I do not wish to interrupt the course
of business, but I do wish to express my opinion.
Mr. SUMNER. I will inquire of the Senator
if the resolution which he no w proposes to take
up is not one which has already been referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations. r "9
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will answer. -J li$4
occasion to refer one resolution to the Committee
on Foreign Relations which they buried five fa-
thoms deep, and deeper. I have two resolutions
on the table that have never been put into the
tomb of the Capulets; and this is one of them. I
have not made a speech, or what you call a speech,
on the floor of the Senate during this long session
of Congress. I have desired to express my opin-
ions upon what I call the gravest thing next to"
this war that is presented for the consideration
of the Senate, the Government, and the American
people. 1 now ask the opportunity to present
some few remarks. I have been circumscrihed,
circumbounded, surrounded by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, it is true; but as 1 stand now,
I am independent of that power, and I cau appeal
to the just sense of my fellow Senators to allow
me the simple privilege of saying what i think
upon what 1 as a Senator believe to be a grave
subject worthy of public consideration.
SEAMEN OF WRECKED VESSELS.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to make a report from a committee of
conference.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived and read, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendment to the bill (S. No.
2*16) for the relief of seamen and others, not otfieers, borne
on the books of vessels wieeked or lost in the naval ser-
vice, have met, and after a full and free conference have
agreed to recommend and do lecornmend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the House
to said bill, with the lollovving amendments, namely:
In line four of section one, strike out the word *'ofliceis."
In the same line between the words "others" and
u borne" insert the words " not officers."
Jn line four of section two, strike out the word "offi-
ceia" where it fust occurs.
In the same line between the words "others" and " on"
insert the woids '• not officers."
In section two, between the words " person" in the
nineteenth hne and "employed" in the tvveulictli line
insert the following woids: " not an officer."
fn line two of section three, strike out the word "offi-
cer" where it fiist oecuis.
In line three of section three, between the words "per-
son" and "such" insert the following words: u not an
oflieei."
That the House concur in the above amendments to their
amendment to said bill.
JOHN" P. HALE,
J. B. HENDERSON,
ALEXANDER RAMSEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
ALEXANDER H. RICE,
JOHN A. GRISWOLD,
WILLIAM D. KELLEY.
Jl/anagcrs on the fart of the House,
The report was concurred in.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 194) for the benefit of half-breeds and mixed-
bloods of the Winnebago tribe oflndians, reported
it without amendment.
MONARCHICAL GOVERNMENTS IN AMERICA.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that prior orders be
postponed, and that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of House joint resolution No. 32.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 believe 1 have the floor.
The PRESIDEN'fpro tempore. The Chains
of opinion that the Senator from California is en-
titled to the floor, he having yielded it temporarily
merely for the purpose of receiving a report from
a committee of conference.
Mr. HARRIS. I supposed the Senator had
got through.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was willing to yield to
the ordinary formal business.
Mr. HARRIS. This is a short resolution that
I want to get through.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order; and
that is, that the Senator from California can only
state the reasons why his resolution should be
taken up, but cannot discuss the resolution itself
on a motion to take up.
Th'' PRESlDENTpro tempore. No such ques-
tion of oider can as yet be raised, because the Sen-
ator has not commenced his speech.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 'I certainly cannot un-
dertake to discuss the subjcct-matter I propose to
