1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25lf
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let .me explain it. It
is all part of the same subject-matter.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 was going to say that
inasmuch as the judgment of the Senate on this
very question maybe reached when we come to
that proviso, I am willing to withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I may just as well ex-
plain it now. We may ai^well meet the matter
in one place as in another; because if you leave
in those words " or subsequent" in that proviso,
you will effect the same thing.
This amendment was inserted on very great
consideration, and it was done by the light of the
experience of England on the subject. No pen-
alties that you impose will protect the revenue
with reference to stamp duties. In Jhe first place,
it is nobody's interest to enforce them, and it is
impossible almost to enforce the great multitude
•of them that would occur. You must therefore
liitve some sharp, short, and decisive argument
to apply to every man to induce him not to at-
tempt to defrayd the revenue in this way. The
Senator supposes he might reach it by providing
that the instrument shall not be used until it has
been stamped; but I should like to ask him what
proportion of the instruments upon which you
provide here for a stamp duty ever come into a
court of justice? Not one, I suppose, in a mil-
lion, and thequestion, therefore, would not arise.'
Take the infinity of bank checks that are drawn,
and it is very seldom that you ever hoar of one
of them in a court of justice. The same is true
of notes and great numbers of papers of different
descriptions. Once in awhile you have a litiga-
tion upon one, and upon that you get your stamp
duty; but what would become of the nine hun-
dred and ninety-nine thousand? Many of them
perhaps would be stamped; but you hold out
nothing but a penalty which it is not anybody's
interest to look up and enforce; and thousands
and thousands of men probably would pay no
sort of-attention to the lawrequiringa stamp, es-
pecially when they find that there was another
provision in the law that if they are compelled
to'appear in a court of justice they can then put
on their stamp.
The result of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Indiana would be that you would
materially lessen the revenue from stamps. I do
not believe you would get one half the revenue
that you otherwise would from that source,such
would become the looseness of practice under the
law. Great Britain tried it and found that every-
thing in the shape of penalty utterly failed; that
the only jisay was to render the instrument invalid
unless it had the stamp.
When we passed a similar law two years ago,
the same argument was raised, the same fears were
entertained. In practice there has been found to
be no difficulty, for the simple reason that up to
the present time we have provided against all such
troubles in the first place by putting the time for
the law to go into execution far ahead, and we
have relieved it here by making all instruments
good, or rather declaring that none of them shall
be invalid for the Want of a stamp, up to some
time after the passage of this act; I think up to
the 1st day of July.
That saves all this. All you want and all you
ever wanted in regard to it is to give abundance
of time to have the law properly understood by
the community; and then if men choose to omit
it they may take the consequences or we may from
time to time remedy it. But if we take away this
fear which hangs over men in regard to their in-
struments, in my judgment the stamp duties will
not produce one half of what they would produce
under other Circumstances. Men are very care-
ful now when they take papers to look after the
stamp. The man who gives a paper has to stamp
it himself, and it is the interest of the individual
who receives it in theordinary course of business
to see that the stamp is on the paper when he
takes it. By adding this provision rendering the
instrument invalid in case it is not stamped, we
have an additional inducement to vigilance on the
part of the person who takes the paper to see
that it is properly stamped. The mere fear of the
penalty which now exists has no great effect.
Senators can understand very well how men, if
the thing was suffered to pass by, might not put
on stamps. If that wa*done and the paper were j
circulated in the community, how many men do !
you suppose would be prosecuted to recover the
fifty dollars or the $100 penalty? Probably not
one in a thousand. I am so well satisfied of it
that I really should almost feel inclined to.abandon
the stamp duty entirely unless this provision be
made. *
Mr. COLLAMER. I believe this to be the
first attempt under this Government to render
these papers void for want of a stamp. I am safe
in saying that this is the first time it has ever
been attempted to render deeds of conveyance
void for the want of a stamp. We have i-n each'
of our States a system of registry of title 
Mr. FESSENDEN. We made them void by
the act of two years ago for want,of the stamp.
Mr. COLLAMER. When I say that this is
the first time we have attempted it, I mean that
during thi& war is the first time. I have heard
much of it since we passed the law of two years
ago. It gave me much trouble at that time, and
it has given me much more since. I was about
remarking that our system of registering titles in
this country has been regarded as of very great
value. It is to be observed that under this pro-
vision if in the line of a man's title there is a
deed which happens to be without a stamp, his
title is gone. Suppose I own a piece of land,
that I purchase it and receive for it a deed duly
stamped. The record shows the regular line of
deeds from the original proprietor of the land
down to my grantor. I see that he has a title of
record. If 1 am to be subject to be defeated of
my title by its being-shown that one of the deeds
in the line was withouT a stamp, our registry sys-
tem is good for nothing. 1 see that the other
House has put in this bill a provision that a deed
shall not be recorded unless it is stamped. That
is no security. Our Supreme Court have decided
over and over again that any law of Congress di-
recting the duty of a State officeris void.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend answer
whether the Supreme Court has ever decided that
a law of Congress prohibiting a State officer from
doing a certain thing is void ?
Mr. COLLAMER. The court has said that
he is under no obligation to regard your law,
Mr. FESSENDEN. That he is not under
obligation to do an set that Congress orders; but
that is a very different question from saying that
he has a right to do an act which Congress pro-
hibits. That has never been decided.
Mr. COLLAMER. This provision of the law
is totally without sanction; there is no penalty if
the officer does record the deed without a stamp
being on it. The State law compels him to re-
cord a deed if it is authenticated agreeably to the
laws of the State. The law of one State, for in-
stance, requires that it shall be a sealed instru-
ment; that it shall be acknowledged; that it shall
be witnessed by two'witnesses. When whatever
the State makes necessary for the authentication
of the paper has been complied with, and it is pre-
sented to the register to be recorded, he is obliged
to recoul it under very severe penalties injposed
by the State law. There is nothing in this bill
which attempts to interfere with that, or proposes
to punish the officer if he records a deed not
stamped. The provision here, then, furnishes no
security.
Besides, the provision being that it shall not be
recorded without a stamp, the effect is at once to
raise the presumption that if a deed is recorded it
is stamped, while the fact may be entirely other-
wise; and a mail is therefore subjected to the
hazard of having it shown by parole testimony
that his deed was not stamped; and though it is
recorded, which would imply that it was stamped,
because the law says that if not sAamped it shall
not be recorded, yet on us being shown in point
of faet that it was not stamped, his title is gone.
The truth is that the undertaking to put into
operation this idea of producing an effect upon
third persons by unstamped papers will not do.
I say nothing now about the topic of which the
Senator has spoken, in regard to which I do not
entirely agree with him, in relation to negotiable
paper; but in regard to matters which affectthird
persons, the question is entirely different. The
Senator says that if a note isgiven by one man to
another, you want to make it as much the interest
of him who gives as of him who takes the note to
have it stamped. I will' say nothing now about
the great injustice and inequality of a provision
which declares thai if I take a note of flOO un-
stamped I shall lose it, and that if m)j neighbor
takes one for $10,000 without a stamp he shall
lose the whole $10,000. The thing is perfectly
monstrous. But there is this saving clause about
that; it is a man's own fault; lie sees the paper
and he can see whether it is sfimped or not; he
is not obliged to take it without a stamp; and
there the thing is confined in its operation to the
parties to the paper. But when you come to "
deeds of conveyance of land, it is entirely a dif-.
ferent thing; they relate to the interests of persons
who are not parties to the deed. Nor will it do
to say that you will give a man the right to come
into court afterwards, when a subsequent owner
gets into a dispute about the ownership of the
land, and he wishes to show his title, to stamp the
deeds then. He cannot get them to stamp. It
is entirely^ different affair in this country from
England, where the title deeds may pass with the
sale and the purchaser holds them and can see
what they are. We do not do that here. All we
do when we undertake to show a man's title to a
piece of.land by the record, is to produce office
copies from the record duly, certified. As to get-
ting all the deeds in the line of title all the way
through into court for the purpose of stamping
them, the thing is utterly impossible.
Nor can an example of this kind be drawn from
Great Britain, where a totally different state of
thingsexists. Indeed,it is noUtrue that deeds are
there declared void for want of a stamp. I am
convinced of the utter impracticability of getting
along with a provision declaring deeds inoperative
and void unless they are stamped. Such a policy
cannot be adapted to our registry system so as to
preserve that system as having any value. It so
appears to me; and I have prepared some amend-
ments with aview to thatwhich will perhaps sat-
isfy the chairman of the committee. i cannot but
,say that I very much doubt the expediency of
declaring any of these papers void for want of a
stamp.
We have had in this country two or three
different stamp acts. Our first stamp act was
in 1797. Notes were required by that act to be
stamped, but were not declared void without a
stamp; but it was enacted that tliey should not
be ^iven in evidence until they were: stflmped.
That I believe is the English law. That act did
not include deeds of land. It pro\ ided for ••stump-
ing paper, vellum, &c., for certain instruments,
and forbade under penalties any person writing
such an instrument on unstamped paper. PnfU'r
was stamped for the different kinds of instru-
ments.
Afterwards there was a provision as to bills pay-
able abroad not stamped. They were not declared
void, but a heavy penalty was put upon passing
them. Subsequently an act was passed that al-
lowed those instruments to be stamped that had
notbeen stamped. Upon paying ten dollars to ihe
collector he would stamp them, which ton dollais
went to the United States; and there was a sub-
sequent law also extending the tune of getting
-them stamped.
In 1813 we had another stamp act, and it Was
confined to notes discounted in the banks; and
the banks, instead of buying stamped paper were
allowed to commute at one half per cent, on their
annual dividends, which tliey did. None of those
papers were declared void for want of a stamp;
but it was provided that they should not be given
in evidence or be available in court until they were
stamped; but by paying the stamp duty and two
dollars to the collector, he gave his receipt upon
the pappr, and that was agood stiftnp. That was
the way the law stood.
There was nothing in those laws which ex-
tended to the case of deeds of conveyance of land;
and itseems to me that the difficulty which aiises
in relation to our registry system cannot possibly
be avoided unless some amendment is made. 1
think the penalty imposed by declaring the paper
void is so exceedingly unequal that it does not
commend itself to our acceptance. The Senator
tells us that it is now proposed that in the case of
all instruments heretofore executed the parties
may go and get them stamped, or may stamp them
in court, and that we may hereafter pass laws
from time to time to help the holders of unstamped
instruments. Is not that a very questionable
power ? If I give a note without a stamp that is
void, and that the law declares to be void—the law
not merely saying that it cannot be given in evi-
