15U
THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
tSematt has already admitted he misunderstood,
has-been before disposed of. But the gentleman's
allusion to the achievement at Vienna he now
refuses to explain with that ingenious boldness
with which he usually expresses himselfupon-all
subjects. It is all idle to pretend that it was not
intended as a sneer and a slur. The same attack
on me has been ventured by one or two other
members of this House, but not here; and this
is the first time that anybody has ever done it in
my presence or where there was an opportunity
to reply or correct.
I wish now, once for all, to speak of this matter
myself; and the House will excuse the egotism
which the circumstances force upon me.
Early in the war, in June, 1861, happening to
be the first brigadier general of volunteers ordered
across the Potomac, I proceeded with my bri-
gade under those orders to a point where I estab-
lished my camp on the Loudoun and Hampshire
railroad, south of this city, and a few miles above
Alexandria.
Brigadier General Daniel Tyler, of Connecticut,
Boon afterwards arrived and encamped in the same
neighborhood. He was ordered a few days after-
wards, by our commanding general, to procecd
with a force of four hundred men up the railroad,
in a train of cars, and did so, extending his re-
connoissance not only to, but some distance be-
yond,Vienna. The next day, or the second day
after, i was directed to send, by similar convey-
ance, one of my regiments up the road to go as
far as that point, picketing the line of road by
leaving companies at intervals along it, and after-
wards to establish the regiment at a crossing on
the road to Fall's Church some seven miles be-
low Vienna. A train was sent to me for that
purpose from Alexandria. When the cars arrived
at my camp, the colonel commanding the rcgi-
m«nt (the first Ohio volunteer infantry) which 1
had detailed for that service not having returned
from this city, where he was for the day on leave
of absence, though he subsequently overtook us
on the road, I took myself the command of the
regiment and pmceeded on the duty.
When we slowly approached Vienna, having
then still tlnei! or perhaps four companies remain-
ing, we found n laigely superior foree of the rebels
had taken position at a bend of the railroad, who
deliveied their lire on us with three pieces of ar-
tillery, They were brought there piobably from
Oentreville, in consequence of the alaiin given by
the expedition of ihe day before.
The enemy's force was subsequently ascer-
tained to consist of two regiments of infantiy, a
body of cavalry, and thice pieces of artillery.
At that time we had neither artillery nor e.avaliy
attached to our Union brigades, liy the rebel fire,
although at firat it was believed and was reported
that the loss was greater, the casualties proved to
be ei«ht killed and lour wounded, two of them
mortally. None of us, officers or men, had ever
been under fire before. But [ had no reason to
complain of the conduetofany. Our troops were
ordow'd from the ears, rallied, formed, and after-
wards, the night then coming on, fell slowly back,
marching along the railroad to the point or cross-
ing sis or seven in ilea below, which we afterwards
continued to hold. All the wounded butoneweie
brought away. So far as my conduct in that mat
tor i« concerned, it is not for me to comment upon
it. riie 'House, \ hope, will pardon me for re-
lating, however, thatthe noble and venerable Gen-
eral ftVott (ook occasion kindly to say to me, a
day or two afterwards, when. I was at his head-
quartern; "My friend, I consider you woilha
hundred per cent, more than before this occurred.
\ou have now learned how you can stand under
fire."
As to the further allusion of the gentleman from
Indiana to my military career, 1 have nothing to
say. According as I had opportunity, I did what
I could; and whatever i did is of record. Itdoes
not become me to speak of my conduct or my ca-
pacity. That belongs to others. I will say tins
much only, that while I have been so fortunate as
to receive the commendations of all mycommand-
mg officers—of Scott, of McDowell, of Rose-
crans, of Fremont, of Pope, of every general un-
der whom i have served in the field,"it will not
concern me much to find that I have not secured
the approbation of those who assail me, either in
their ignotance or maliciously, with only misrep- i
reservation, falsehood, or slang. 1
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (at five
o'clock, p. fii.) I move that the Hpuse do now
adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state to the House
that it was my intention and hope that the House
might come to a vote on the resolution this even-
ing; but as it is the manifest desire of the House
to adjourn now, and as we have resolved to ad-
journ from to-morrow till Thursday, I shall feel
it my duty to ask the House about three o'clock
to-morrow to come to a vote.
Mr.-^OX. I will say to my friend from Indi-
ana that the vote cannot be taken at that time.
Mr. COLFAX. Then, Mr. Speaker, I hope
the House will remain in session. That is why
I wanted now to have an understanding.
Mr. COX. The House may do as it pleases.
I only say to the gentleman that the vote cannot
be taken at the time he suggests.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it the pur-
pose of the gentleman from Indiana to proceed
with the discussion to-night?
Mr. COLFAX. As the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] has given notice in language that
seemed like a threat that the House shall not come
to a vote at three o'clock to-morrow, and as the
desire of tho House is evidently foraction, I hope
the House will remain in session. Our soldiers
in the field are fighting the enemy nightand day,
and we ought to be willing to sit and do our duty
here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
there can be an understanding as to when the
vote may be taken without any unpleasant feel-
ing on the subject.
Mr. COX. I want to say to gentlemen on the
other side of the House that in my remark there
was no threat made or intended. My remark was
predicated on the fact that there are at least a
dozen gentlemen on this side of the House who
desire to debate the matter more thoroughly than
it has been debated. It is a matter of such an ex-
traordinary character that the Speaker himself,
my honorable friend, knows that it requites more
than an ordinary discussion. It is the greatest
question we can have. It would be better to have
Nome time fixed for the future of this discussion,
and not compel us to stay here at night.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois* I think the
House can come to an agreement as to when the
vote shall be taken without any ill-feeling. I pro-
pone that the entire of to-morrow shall be devoted
to tho discussion of this question, and that on
Thuisdny morning, when every member can be
present, we nIjmII take the vote.
Mi. VOORU EES. Thus is a question that has
Ix-en thrust on this side of the House. It is one
of t hose questions that do not come up in ordinary
legislation. We will make no terms, so far as I
am concerned, about when a vote shall be taken,
i apprehend, however, in good faith, that when
every gentleman on this side has said what he
desires to say on the great principles involved a
vote may then be had.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ORTII. Mr. Speaker, it was not my in-
tention, until after I heard the remarks of my col-
league iVofh the Terre Haute district, [Mr. Voor-
hees,] to take any part in the discussion upon the
resolution now under consideration. As one of
the new members of this House I have felt that
that was at least a becoming modesty in being a
silent participator in our proceedings; but there
aie times when silence would be criminal. I have
the honorof re|uesenting, in part,a State that has
felt a peculiar inteiestm this war, and which has
responded with alacrity to every demand which
has ever been made upon her patriotism. For
years Indiana has been compelled to submit to a
slanderous charge brought against her brave sol-
diers for alleged misconduct upon the bloody field
of Buena Vista. That charge originated with the
chief of traitors, Jeff*. Davis; and when this re-
bellion was inaugurated by him and his cocon-
spirators, the people of Indiana, in addition to their
devotion to our Government, and their desire to
maintain its integrity and supremacy, felt that
now the hour had come when shecouhi vindicate
her fair fame, and wipe out in blood the foul slan-
der which had thus been attempted to be fastened
upon her.
What son of Indiana, proud of horprestige and
high destiny, will ever forget the scene witnessed
by thousands of our people, when the gallant
eleventh regiment under command of Colonel
(now General) Wallace were drawn up in front
of the State capitol to receive their national colors
on the eve of their departure for the field of con-
flict? Those colors were reseived, and that entire
regiment upon bended knee, imploring the divine
protection of Almighty God, vowed tn His pres-
ence that they would defend .that flag, and that in
every conflict with the enemy they would remember
Buena Vista. Such has been the feelingand senti-
ment of ail our Indiana soldiers; and knowing this*
I would be derelict in my duty to that State and
her brave soldiery did I not rise here and meet
the issue which has been tendered by the votes
of my Democratic colleagues since this discus-
sion has commenced.
The position of my colleague from Terre Haute
is well understood here, and by the country at
large. Whatever other merit or demerit may be
attached to his action here or elsewhere, in ref-
erence to thia war and all the questions growifcg
out of it, he is at least entitled to the creditof con-
sistency. On the 10th day of April, 1861, while
the guns of an insurgent foe were preparing to
open upon Fort Sumter, and the eyes of all Ameri-
can people were turned toward Major Anderson
and the soldiers under him, my colleague attended
a meeting of those who sympathize with him at
the village of Greencastle in our State. He ad-
dressed that meeting, as we were told by the pub-
lished proceedings, in a speech of " thrilling elo-
quence" for an hour and a half. That meeting
adopted this resolution:
" Resofred, That as citizens we shall be always prepared
to defend Indiana, or our sister States, from 'foreign ag-
gresfion or domestic violencewe acknowledge this to
he a duty to the cause of well-iegulated liberty, and claims
of our eouutiy ; but we deny the right of the Geneia! or
State Government to embroil us or our fcllow-eitlzens ia
intestine war or internal strife with the people of the co-
States ot this Union; and having time and again watned
the members of the party now in power of the fatal tend- ,
ency of their insane course, and implored them to abandon
the stubborn and unwise policy of anti-slavery agitation,
we here t< ke for our motto,i Not one dollar and not om
man trom Indiana with which to subjugate the South and-
maugurato civil war.'"
Mr. Speaker, that may be regarded as the ini-
tial point in the course of my colleague in regard
to the conduct of this war. And, sir, the records
of Congress and the records of the political can-
vasses in my own State, and the State of Ohio in
the last canvass,will bear meoutwhen Isaythat
he, at least, has been consistent in all his con-
duct, public and private, with the sentiments
enunciated at that meeting. 1 do not desire to
quairel with that gentleman. I know the issues
that were made in my own State during the dark
hours of 1862, when he and my other colleague
and myself were returned as members to this
House, i know that in his own district that is-
sue was not made^but elsewhere throughout the
entire length and Breadth of the State of Indiana,
the issue was made by the Democratic party that
they were in favor of a more vigorous prosecu-
tion of the war. Their position was that this Ad-
ministration would never bring the war to a close,
because it did not prosecute it with sufficient
vigor, with that vigor which would be the con-
sequence of the success of the Democratic party.
Now, then, upon the record, which we all un-
derstand in Indiana, and which my Democratic
colleagues upon this floor will not controvert, I
desire to meet them. The feeling in favor of a
vigorous prosecution of the war was not then con-
fined to what gentlemen are pleased to style the
" black Republican party" in Indiana. It was a
feeling which pervaded all classes and all parties
in that State.
Now, sir, with that feeling animating the peo-
ple of Indiana, we find in the canvass of 1862 the
people of that State sending seven Democratic
members to this House and four Union men-
seven and four,reversing the delegation asitthen
stood. Every one of these gentlemen, with the
single exception of my colleague from the Terre
Haute district,came here, sent by the Democratic
party, pledged to a vigorous prosecution of the
war then in progress. They were in favor of a
more vigorous prosecution of the war. That was
the position assumed by the Democratic party in
1862, in a State which occupies the nohie position
of never having failed to respond to the calls of
the President on every occasion.
Mr. SPALDIiNGr. With the consent of the.
