mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
$ence>but that it is absolutely void—and a man
holds that note for two or three years, and then
comes to Congress arid gets a law by which he
rftay stamp it and make it good, is not that a very
questionablesort of legislation ? If it was a void
note under the la'fr of the land when it was made
and delivered, I do not see how it can grow good
without the man's consent.
  Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask the
; honorable Senator from Vermont a question.
Suppose it,was a deed in a chain of title the va-
lidity of which had been tested in court and the
real .estate, recovered on the ground that the title
was defective in consequence of a deed having
had no stamp upon it, what would be the effect
then of your coming in with a law afterwards
declaring the deed valid ?
- Mr. COLLAMER. I fancy, Mr. President,
that there is a great deal of difference between
papers made between the pat U«s, and affecting
them only, and those affecting the interests of
third persons. Tt'ke the case of a man who lends
me u sum of money and takes my note for $100
unstamped. By andby he wants his money fiom
me. Ho has got my note. I tell him it is un-
stamped and good for nothing. Then he says, " I
want the money I lent you," and lie can prove
that he lent me the money for the note. If he
sues me for money loaned and advanced by him,
I might perhaps show that I gave him a note for
it, and that might be a defense to such a geneial
action; but suppose lie comes into court and says,
"Yes, you gave me the note, but it ts good for
nothing, ir, is void by the law, <ind now I want the
money that I lent you," I ask the Senator from
Illinois whether he doubts the power to recover
that; does he not believe rhat could be recovered ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it could be ie-
coveied us a dei i.
Mr. COLLAMER. But. now take the case of
land, {couuact for a piece of laud, and 1 pay.
for it, perhaps, in other property—1 may have
paid for it in other land—and the man gives me a
d«-ed which is not stamped. Can 1 iccover that
land of him? Moatcieuily I cannot. There w.u>
no legal conveyance of ii; 1 never got it. There
is clearly a great deal of diiTeienee between the
two caSes. The groat point i have on my mind
relates to our undertaking to make a deed of la*nd
void in relation to third paities. That relates to
the conveyance of property, which property re-
mains in existence and continues on and passes
down in the course of title. It seems to me that
in relation to that, at least, it ought to be protected
from being declared void. 1 find th&t in the stat-
utes of Congress to which I have refeired, notes
which were not stamped were not declared void,
but they were inoperative as evidence in court
until they weie stamped. 1 think there ought lo
be no objection at least to an amendment going
to this extent: •
That the title of a purchaser of land by a deed duly
stamped shall aot Do defeated oi affected by the want of a
proper stamp on any tU-ed conveying the said land by unv
person from or under whom he claims or holds title.
Mr. JOHNSON. The effect of that is to se-
cure one stamp.
Mr. COLL A ;VI ER. I say the man must get his
own deed stampo I, butotherdeedsare notaffected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lam not certain that I
shall object to that amendment hereafter, after 1
have looked at it, if the Senator will let us go on
with (he amendments of the committee.
Mr, COLLAMER. I had intended to with-
hold all icmark on this question durmgthis lead-
ing of the bill; &ut seveial gentlemen aiound me
said to me that this topic of' which 1 had spoken
to them was up, and that I ought to express my
views about it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very glad that the
Senator has given his views; butwearenow act-
- ing as in Committee of the Whole, and 1 think it
fs as well to adopt the amendments of the Com-
mittee on Finance; and then if ofheramendmen's
are not made bo as to make the provision satis-
factory to gentlemen, we can strike out the com-
mittee amendments when we get into the Senate.
Air. COLLAMER. I did not mean to inter-
rupt the bill on my own account.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ara glad to hear the
Senator's views on the subject. I want to make !
it as perfect as we possibly can. :
Mr. CLARK, t lee! that the subject is one of |
some difficulty, and 1 am vtiy glad that the Sen- i
ator from Vermont has made the remarks he has
made; but I hope that where the amendments of
the committee do not contravene any amendment
or notion of his, he will allow us to go on with
our amendments, and then the whole thing will
be open again. We can be instructed as we go
on by getting the views of different Senators. 1
hav£ felt that the matter has been a difficult one
from the beginuingyand I have not been satisfied
with it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before proceeding further
I move that at half past four o'clock to-day the
Senate take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us take itatfouro'clock.
Mr. CLARK, I think that if we go on half
an hour longer now and make a litti-e progress,
with the time we shall have in the evening, we
shall get tluough with the reading of the bill to-
night.
• Mr. HENDRICKS. There will be before the
reading of the bill is finished some, very import-
ant questions, and Senators of course know that
a night session connot lie very full.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My view is to get through
to-night with the leading of the bill and the amend-
ments pioposed by the committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Almost the last amend-
ment proposed by the committee is to strike out a
section of the Ilouse bill in relation to the tax upon
liquors on hand, and I desire to have a vote on
that. «
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that shall be found to
lead to great debate, it can be.passed over when we
reach it. I do not propose to stay here a great
while this evening, because qjy stiength will not
allow me to remain very long after being at woik
all day, but 1 think we might get through to-night
with rending the bill and general amendments.
Mr. CLARK, if we shall get through all the
amendments but the one referred to by the Senator
from Indiana, we shall'do very well, and we can
reserve that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My motion is, that at
half past lour o'clock to-day the Senate take a
recess until seven o'clock.
The motion whs a reed to.
The PRESI DING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster )
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 like the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Vermont well enough
as far as it goes, but 1 do not think it covers this
subject at ail, and 1 ask that the amendment as I
have modified it since 1 proposed it be now read
to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana to the amend-
ment of the committee will be read again.
The Secretary read it. It was to insert after the
amendment of the committee:
Until duly stamped, which may be done by any holder
or paity nucleated therein, if the party making the same
retunes ot is unable to do it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If all the cases where a
stamp is not put upon a paper as required by the
law were cases of ftaud between the parties, the
idea of the Senator from Maine would be entitled
lo great consideration by the Senate; but I think
that a case of that kind would not occur where a
hundicd cases of the omission of the stamp by
mere neglect without any fraudulent purpose
would occur. If the Senator wishes to provide
against a combination between parties to leave the
stamp off with the view of the discharge of the
paper withouta stamp, a case of fraud, I am will-
ing that such a provision be made. If the paity
making the paper and the party receiving it, by
collusion and for the purpose of dofV&uHing the
Government in its revenue, leave the stamp off,
then I am willing that such a paper in the hands
of the payee, if you please, shall be void, but not
in t he hands of an innocent purchaser.
My own observation for the last year or two,
since the passugc of the stamp law, leads me to
know that theie are thousands of cases in the
country in which parties neglect, by mere mis-
take, by want of having their attention called to
it, to put the necessary stamp upon the paper. I
know bankers will never neglect it; 1 know merr
chants will never neglect it where their attention
is called to it every day; hull do know that the
farming community will foigot U in one half the
cases. I do not think that whtre 1 have had oc-
casion myself to draw a check upon a bank within
the last year I have thought of putting a stamp
upon it in one half the cases. Of course the
banker would always call my attention to it, and
he put the stamp upon it himself; but suppose
the person receiving that paper from me without
any fraudulent purpose on my part, a mere over-
sight, a forgetfulness, if you please, has the paper
in his hands representing $1,000 or $10,000, and
I choose afterward to say to him, u This shall be
considered as a void document," shall the law
come in and enable me to perpetrate such a wrong
upon him? There is no necessity for it. The
interest of the country does not require it, the in-
terest of the Government does not require it, in
my judgment. For some years in the State of
Indiana we had a law doclariifg all usurious con-
tracts void, it was tried for a while* Penalties
were found insufficient to stop usury, and then
the Legislature thought bydeclaiing the contiact-
itself void between the parties and between alT
holders of the instrument it would eradicate the
evil; butafter trying it for a few years our Legis-
lature abandoned it, and merely visited upon the
parties a penalty, and we have had"no senolis
complaint on the subject since.
I think this is a smilar case. If the stamp is
not upon the paper punish the man if he has in-
tentionally left it off, punish the man who dis-
charges the contiact if he has dischaiged it with
the viewof defrauding the revenue; but certainly
do not inflict upon a party who holds the paper
innocently so great a loss as the entire benefit of
the contract; it may be $10,000. He may be in-
nocent. The peisou who makes the bill of ex-
change or promissoiy note may intend to evade
the law; but the person receiving it may receive
it in good faith, honestly, and then you punish
the one by a small penalty who leaily intended
to defraud the revenue, whose duty it was'to put
the stamp upon it, and you punish the other by
the loss of his money, perhaps $1,000 or $10,000.
I cannot support such legislation or a bill with
such a feature in it. My amendment I think is
right. We may.as well test it by the yeas and
nay*., I suppose, and I ask for the yeas and na^s
on my amendment.
Tlte yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. Itseemsto me that the amend-
mentof the Senator fi;om Indiana completely nul-
lifies the amendment of the committee, and per-
haps that is the design of the Senator. 1 thmk
an amendment of that kind would go a great way
to do away with the care that ought to be exei-
cised in executing these instruments. For in-
stance, I execute a note to some Sena^gr. The
Senator takes it without regard to any stamp upon
if, because he knows if there is not a stamp upon
u by and by when he find*! he wants the stamp
he can get me to put one on, and if I do not he
can put it on himself. The result would be, in
my judgment, that in a million of cases, almost,
there would be no stamp on these papers because
the man has nothing to do but put it on when the
stress comes, and lie can run his chance of that
coming.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He will be subject to a
penally, will he not?
Mr. CLARK. It is very true there is a pen-
alty; hut the question is whether the penalty is
sufficient, whether the man will not say to him-
self, " If I give this note nobody will know; no-
body will know if I take it." If the payee refuses
to pay it, then perhaps the man who took it will
hunt him up and get his penalty; but there ought
to be some more stringent provision than that. I
submit to the Senator if he has not forgotten him-
self to put on stamps.
Mr. HENDRICKS. -Certainly; I saidso. On
one half the checks I have given since the pas-
sage of the law I have forgotten to put on a stamp.
Mr. CLARK. . Then the penalty did not
quicken his memory.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was there any penalty
befoie ?
Mr. CLARK. A penalty was imposed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would not want the
man that took my check to lose the money he was
entitled to because I forgot to put on a stamp.
Mr. CLARK. Q.uite true. Even by the for-
feiture of the paper a man's memory is not quick-
ened sufficient to put the stamp on. The Senator
from Indiana is not singular. I was exactly in
that samccondition myself;ond being in the habit
