498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
to operate upon an interest in esse—a vested in-
terest in an innocent descendant to the property
in possession of the convicted traitor by virtue
of an heirship which the ancestor himself could
neither divest nor affect. In other words, the for-
feiture could not operate upon any title or inter-
est not resting in the person attainted; and this,
in my judgment, is all that was intended by the
clause " or forfeiture beyond the life of the per-
son attainted."
The tears which we havd Wen shed here in be-
half of innocent heirs are crocodile tears; tears
like those of the play-actors on the boards, got
up for the occasion, for effect: always bottled and
ready for use. No more like the tears which flow
from the true fountain than the muddy waters
of the Potomac are like the waters of the crystal
brooks which leap from the mountains of my own
noble State. Suppose the innocent little children
do suffer in estate? Suffering is the consequence
of crime. There is an authority upon this point.
I hope the gentlemen upon the otherside will rec-
ognize it and be comforted thereby. It is older
and higher than Blackstone or Mansfield or Mar-
shall or Story; more potent than the edictof kings
or the judgment of courts. It is the authority of
God himself, who says to those who rebel against
His government and bow down to and serve other
-gods:
" I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting tlie in-
iquity of the fathers upon the children nnto the thud arid
fourth generation of them thathato me; and showing mercy
unto thousands of tliem that love me, and keep my com-
mandments."
So much j sir, in regard to forfeiture. Sir, I do not
wish to be misunderstood, I have taken the ground
that as the right of- secession does not exist no
State can take itself out of the Union, either by
ordinance of secession passed in convention or by
the uprising of the people in rebellion. Such, as
I understand, is the position taken by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Mallory,] who ad-
dressed the House in a labored and polished argu-
ment a few days since, upon certain joint resolu-
tions introduced by him, and still undisposed of.
While I admired the argument oft he accomplished
gentleman as tasteful and replete with the subtle
refinements of the schools, I cannot agree with his
conclusions ub being either necessary or logical.
If I understood the honorable gentleman he
contended that a State cannot secede. 1 agree
with him. He then contended that inasmuch as
a State cannot secede she may at any time, al-
though she is de facto and not de jure out of the
Union, come back into the family of States with
her old constitution and institutions, and that Con-
gress is bound to receive her. Upon this point I
take issue with the gentleman from Kentucky.
This may not be the time to discuss thixqucstion.
When the proper occasion arises I may submit
my views upon the subject.
Sir, there is no one upon this floor who depre-
cates this unhappy and unhallowed war more
than I do. There is no one who desires peaco
more than I do; but, sir, that peace must be an
honorable peace, and based upon principles eon-
sonant with the integrity, the honoi, and the
purposes of a free Government. Slavery caused
the war, and it is to protect it that the war is con-
tinued by the rebels. "When the Constitution
was framed slavery existed, inherited fiom our
mother who now in the day of our trial claims
to stand with folded aims an indifferent spectator
of a war upon the iv^ue of which depends the
progress of Christian civilization more intimately
than upon any or all the conflicts and si niggles of
all the centuries. Our fathers supposed that this
great evil would giadually melt away before an
advancing civilization as the snows of a northern
winter before the genial rays of an A pi il sun. Rut
the evil grew. Agencies arose which stimulated
it,until it became a monster " whose tread made
the continent shake." The invention of the cot-
ton-gin gave a stimulus to the production of rot-
ton, and the adaptation of the climate and soil of
the South to the pio.duction of this leading staple
of the world increased the demand for mbor.
"More laborers,n was the cry, and whole Suites,
Virginia, the mother of Presidents, leading the
rest, gave themselves to supplying the maiket.
" More land," was the cry; and Texas was thrown
to the insatiable leech. The free North stood
back aghast as this crowned and unclean leper,
under the claimed sanction of the Constitution,
marched to its new domain. The institution
which our fathers had looked upon as an evil had
become divine. It occupied the bench, it con-
trolled the Administration, it struck down Sena-
tors in the Halls of Congress, it cajoled and flat-
tered and threatened and lied, till its all-absorb-
ing maw swallowed Congress itself. The intel-
ligence and moral sense of the nation were against
it. The wealth of the nation was against it. The
popular vote of the nation, when uncontrolled by
demagogues and doughfaces, was against it. In
God >s good time the people, seeing that the admin-
istration of their Government was a cheat, arose in
their majesty. The weak and pliant Buchanan,
the pilfering Floyd, the cultured but traitorous
Davis, were hurled from power, and an honest
man, the noblest work of'God, placed m the
presidential chair. The propagandists of slavery,
litfe their great prototypes, deeming it better to
rule in hell than serve in heaven, rebelled. To
them alone belongs the responsibility. To them
alone attaches the consequences of their awful
crime.
The gentlemen upon the other side, in words
whose persuasive sweetness might almost raise
mortals to the skies or bring angels down, call for
peace and the restoration of the Union as it was.
Sir, let them restore the crumbled walls of Sum-
ter suimounted by our starry banneis; let them
call from its depths to the surface of the James,
the Cumberland and her gallant crew who went
down with their proud flag still flying; let them
revivify the scores of thousands whose martyr
forms consecrate the hundred battle-fields of this
contest, and whose blood has given our land in
holiest baptism to freedom henceforth forever; let
them give us back our Winthrop and Lyon and
Stevens and Kearney and Richardson and Reno
and the comrades who with them " sleep their last
sleep and have fought their last battle;'' let them
summon back to our Senate Halls the moldering
dust that once was Baker, the noble heart and
eloquent tongue now stilled forever; let them
hush the grief that fills our land for the loss of
those who died that our country miglulive—grief
that ptoudly mourns and asks no sympathy from
traitorous heaits; let them rebuke the gaunt de-
mon of famine now stalking with his tiiumphal
train of woes throughout the South; let them
change the stars in their courses, and turn back
the hands upon the dial-plate of time, and oblit-
erate the bloody record of the past three years.
Then, sir, they can have peace and the Union as
it was—a peace which the North would never
break. When they shall have done all this, then
" may the dogj*eturn to his vomit and the sow to
her wallowing in the mire." But never until then,
sir, shall the crack of the slave-whip again make
sweet music in their ears.
Sir, the gentlemen are the Bourbons of our
country—they learn nothing and foiget nothing.
But,
"There's a divinity that Khnpcst our ends,
liough-hew them how we will."
And has there not been, sir—and I quote from
another—a divine purpose controlling all the po-
litical and military phases of this conflict; snatch-
ing fiotnus victoues; granting successes; forcing
us at hist by tiie gigantic propoi tions of this revolt,
to shear it of its strength in pronouncing a doom
upon its cherished institution and arming against
them tiioseof theirown household; in frustrating
out military campaigns that in the delay public sen-
timent might conform to the ever-changing condi-
tion of things, that slavery by the ravages of war
might more effectually be extirpated ? Can a man
with clear-eyed vision, with reverence in his soul,
with a belief within him m the righteousness of
Jehovah, fail to read that purpose—the extinction
of slavery'/
►Sir, 1 was greatly delighted with the beautiful
apostrophe to our tJnion pronounced yesterday
by the gentleman from Kentucky. It is, indeed,
the palladium of our iibeity, the onlv aik of our
safety, and it will stand. Let no loyal heart be dis-
couraged. The lines of the rebellion are already
greatly circumscribed. Its means are already
greatly cunpled. Its hopes of foreign aid are de-
stroyed. Let the people who love the Union and
freedom still stand by the old flag, and not a single
star shall be blotted out. Star after star shall be
added to the constellation, until it culminates in
one splendi'd gahixy spanning the free continent
of North America
Sir, I have been astonished at the spirit evinced
by certain gentlemen upon the other side against
the Administration which is so earnestly endeav-
oring to put down this rebellion. While they
proclaim that they would prosecute the war, they
seem quite indisposed to sustain the measures of
the Administration or of Congress by which alone
the war can be carried on. Distinguished gentle-
men from Ohio—I learned from the remarks of
my friend from Ohio upon this side of the House
—who now prate their patriotism so loudly, are
fresh from the support of Vallandigham in the
recent gubernatorial controversy in that State. If
so, sir, we must somewhat distrust them, tor I
cannot be charitable enough to believe that, like
poor dog Tray, they were only caught in veiy
bad company. Sir, had it not been for the Val-
landighams of the North, the rebellion, if inaugu-
rated at all, would neverhave assumed its gigantic
propoitions. The traitors of the North have held
up the hands of the rebels of the South, and,like
poor and despised Vallandigham, by the verdict
of a loyal people they will receive their reward.
Vallandigham, now without a Government, with-
out a home, friendless and alone, seeks the shelter
of a foreign land; and future history will write
his name among the Arnolds and Burrs of his
country.
The gentleman from NewYork [Mr.F.Wood] a
few days sincedehvered a most remarkable speech.
Its only virtue, in my judgment, was its frankness,
and hereafter loyal people will have no doubt as to
where the gentleman's sympathies are. He quotes
liberally from Burkeand Chatham,those immortal
English statesmen who always defended the peo-
ple against the encroachments of the Crown, and
applies the quotations to the present rebellion. Is
the gentleman honest or is he blinded ? Can he
see no distinction between that great and manly
struggle for independence involving the right of
self-government and free institutions, and this re-
bellion which seeks to overthrow and destroy them
both ? Can he sec no distinction between a people
rising in arms who are taxed without representa-
tion, who are humiliated and oppressed by unjust
decrees and ordinances and regulations, and a
people rising in rebellion against the most benefi-
cent Government on earth? Sir, I do not wonder
that he is the representative of a city which re-
quired forty thousand national troops to protect
it from the violence and rapine of his own con-
stituency and the peculiar friends of the Union-
loving Governor of the State of New York.
The unjust and unwarrantable assertion of the
gentleman from New York respecting New Eng-
land meritsand meets my hearty contempt. New
England needs no vindication from the aspersions
of the defenders of treason, or the advocates of
human bondage. Her "aiery buildeth m the
cedar's top, and dallies with the wind, and scorns
the sun." Her soil is made sacred by the first
blood of the Revolution. Liberty was first cra-
dled upon her bosom, and the history of her sons
is written upon a scroll which I apprehend the
gentleman will never reach. Hei's was the first
martyr of this godless rebellion, and she will
j stand in the front ranks, with all her men and all
] her money, until this Government shall be re-
; storcdand the old ilag shall float in triumph over
our entire Union, redeemed, regeneiatcd, and dis-
inthialled from the cuise of Ameiican slavery.
It is impossible to foresee whateffect the teachings
of such, gentlemen may have upon the passions of
i men. Before to-day, the clouds of secession have
I lowered over our land. Before to-day hberty-
; loving New England has been treated with con-
tumely and scorn. Before to-day hasthe old Bay
| State, the motherof New England and the mother
of freedom, been unjustly assailed. Buttheieshe
stands as she stood more than thirty years ago when
; the immortal Webster, in his reply to Mr. Hnyne,
| said, " There is her history. The world knows
j it by heart. The past, at least, is secure. There
, are "Boston and Lexington and Concord and Bun-
: leer Hill, and there they will remain forever. The
| bones of her sons, fallen in the great struggle
; for independence, now lie mingled with the soil
of every State fiom New England to Georgia,
andnhere they will lie forever. And, sir, where
American liberty raised its first voice, where its
youth was nurtured and sustained, there it still
lives in the strength of its manhood and full of its
original spirit. If discord and disunion shall
wound it; if party strife and blind ambition shall
