1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gentleman from Indiana, who has the floor, I move
that the House take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening.
Mr. COX. I hope that it will be understood
by gentlemen that no vote will be taken to-night.
Mr, DAVIS, of Maryland. We agree to that
if you will agree that the vote shall be taken to-
morrow.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio sug-
gests that no vote shall be taken to-night, but that
theeveningsessionshall be devoted to debateonly;
another gentleman on this side of the House sug-
gests the acceptance of that, provided the vote
shall be taken to-morrow.
Mr. COX. We could not make that arrange-
ment now; our friends are not here. The ar-
rangement could not go further now than that the
session to-night shall be for debate.
Mr. COLFAX. I will make any arrangement
to secure justice to all sides of the House.
Mr. WHALEY. If the object be to cut off
debate except to a few individuals, I give notice
that 1 will to-morrow call up the special order on
which I have the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a ques-
tionof privilege,and takes precedenceofali others.
Is it the understanding that no vote shall be
taken to-night?
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
At twenty minutes past five o'clock, p. m., the
House took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
At seven o'clock, p. m., the House resumed its
session.
Mr ORTH. Mr. Speaker, when the House
took a recess this afternoon I had stated what the
issue had been m Indiana during the campaign
of 1862. Upon that issue our people voted; and
the result of thatelection placed in this Hall seven
Democrats and four Union members.
Now, then, on behalf of the loyal people of my
State I claim the right to speak; nay, it becomes
my duty to do so. I know something of the sac-
rifices they have made to sustain the Govern-
ment, sacrifices equal at least to those of the loyal
people of any State in the Union. 1 n thought and
prayer they have followed their soldiers where
ever the exigency of war has sent them, whether
to the Potomac, to the Mississippi, or the plains
of Texas. In sickness or in neaith, wherever
the hand of mercy or the voice of patriotism could
reach them, our loyal men and women spared no
effort to reach the soldier. This devotion isdue
to those who have gone to the tented field to risk
life and health that this nation may live.
Remembering these things, I cannot do other-
wise than lift my voice against the scenes I have
witnessed within the last forty-eight hours. My
Democratic colleagues have taken it upon them-
selves to say that they were the friends of the sol-
diers. They have told you time and again that
they were in favor of increasing the pay of the
common soldier. They have told you that their
affection for the common suldiei was so great that
they were ready to pay him in gold and silver.
These are the piofessions which they hrfVe made
upon this floor. I am not here to impugn the mo-
tives of any man, and least of all those who are
associated with me in dnily official intercourse.
But with facts I have a right to deal; with facts
it is my duty to deal. So long as these gentlemen
were consistentin a manner with then-professions
I did not raise my voice against their action. I
was willing that they should have the benefit of
their professed affection for the soldier.
I come now to speak of the votes of my Dem-
ocratic colleagueson the resolution pendmgin thus
House on Saturday for the expulsion of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] a self-
convicted sympathizer with rebellion, and to con-
trast such votes with the issue upon which they
obtained their seats on this floor,and the profes-
sions of love for the soldier in which they arerin
thehahit of indulging so freely. Thatgentleman,
[Mr. Harris,] with satariiccoolness, referring to
our soldiers, said, in the presence of this House
and of my colleagues, that—
" Your soldiers have gone South to conqucr the southern
people, but tliey h.ive been welcomed wall bloody hands
to !iOf.|mable gmves."
Not only that; he told you he was a secession-
ist and in favor of acknowledging the nationality
of the so-called southern confederacy. With the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris] T have
no desire to quarrel. In passing I might proba-
bly say that if the heroic Andrew Jackson occu-
pied the White House to-day that gentleman, in-
stead of being i« his seat to-night, would be in
the Old Capitol prison, where he deserves to be,
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. HARRINGTON. 1 move that the gal-
leries be cleared on that side.
Mr. ORTH. I think there is no necessity for it.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I am not willing to sit
here and be insulted by the galleries,
Mr. NELSON. That raises but one question
here, and that is whether the House has a right
to enforce its rules.
Mr. MORRILL. I trust the gentleman will
not ask that the galleries be cleared until the
Speaker shall have given those in the galleries
the notice which was given to-day. I presume
there is a new audience here this evening.
Mr. NELSON. It will be satisfactory to those
upon this side of the House if the Speaker will
now give notice to the galleries that they will be
cleared at the next disturbance.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
endeavor to enforce the rules. The rules of the
House will require the Chair to order the galleries
to be cleared if there are any further demonstra-
tions of approval or disapproval.
Mr. 0. A. WHITE. I give notice now that I
shall insist upon an enforcement of the rules upon
the first infraction of them.
Mr. ORTH. Thegentleman from Maryland de-
clared boldly in his fceat, in the hearing of the mem-
bers of this House, that he was for peace, for rec-
ognition, and for secession. He declared further
what wasstated in the resolution,and which ought
to have resulted in his expulsion, and which did
result in asevere censure, and of a declaration upon
the part of a large majority of this House that
he was unworthy of being a member of this House.
What is the language? I desire to call attention
to it for the purpose of showing to this House, to
my constituents, and to the State of Indiana the po-
sition which the Indiana delegation, on both sides
of this Hall, occupy upon that resolution. The
gentleman from Maryland stated that—
" The South a^lced yon to let then* llvt* in peace. Rut no;
youaaid you would btiug them into Mibjection. That is not
done yet; and God Alimghly grant that it never may be. I
hope you will never subjugate the South."
Fearlessly and traitorously upon this floor he
implored high Heaven that we might not gain
victories by the men we have sent to the field.
Such ia d.e language uttered in this Hall, and
uttered by a man who is a declared secessionist.
Mr. PRICE. I desire to make a suggestion to
•the gentleman from Indiana, which is, that it is
written in the Good Book that the prayers of
the wicked are an abomination in the sight of the
Lord.
Mr. ORfH. I thank the gentleman for the
quotation; but it is not with the Scnptures but with
the imprecations of the gentleman from Maryland
that I have to do now—Maryland, that glorious
State, who, by her noble vote within the last ten
days, set her seal of condemnation upon traitors,
secessionists,and secession sympathizers,and de-
clared that henceforth she will take her stand in
favor of universal liberty. His language is trea-
sonable m itself, calculated to distract the people
of the North, to thwart them in the prosecution
of the war, and to give aid and comfort to the
rebels in aims, and to their confederates in the
Richmond congress.
1 have no desire to be uncharitable to the gen-
tleman from Maryland, and hencel will notadopt
the suggestion of a friend near me that probably
the only reason why the gentleman holds a seat in
this Congress rather than in the congress at Rich-
mond, is because greenbacks are better currency
than confederate scrip.
When that language was uttered it was promptly
rcducetl to writing, and thegentleman from Mary-
land was cailcd to order. The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] as was his duty, of-
fered a resolution of expulsion. That resolution
was brought to a vote befoie the House, and
among the yeas, among those from Indiana who
were m favor of passing that resolution, those
who were in favor of turning that traitor from out j
this Hall, were Mr. Dumont, Mr. Julian, and j
Mr. Ortii. |
Mr. PENDLETON. I rise to a point of order. I
T understand th£ gentleman from,Indiana to jbave
applied to a member, of this House the te^nfi
"traitor." I have desired an opportunity during
several occasions to-day to make a.point of ordfer
upon gentlemen who call epithets, and this is the
first opportunity and fair occasion I haye hadfor
that purpose. I now call the gentleman to order*
and ask the Speaker to decide if such epithets ai£
in order.
Mr. ORTH. Yes3 sir; I apknowledge tK^t I
called the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Har-
ris] a traitor on the floor of the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I say you are a
liar; and you are a coward if you do not xeseafc
that.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire that the words
shall be taken down at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. UPSON. 1 make the pomtof order that,
under the rule, thegentleman must himself repeat
the words to which he makes exception.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will repeat them. I
ask the Clerk to take down the word "traitor.**
Mr. KASSON. I call the attention of thegen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] to a point of
orderinvolved in the proposition which was taken
yesterday; that is, that according to the rule no
other person shall have spoken between the utter-
ance of the words objected to and the demand to
have the words reduced to writing. The gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Harris] has spoken*
Mr. PENDLETON. The gentleman from
Maryland interrupted mc, and was speaking out
of order.
Mr. ORTH. Before action is taken on the point
of order, I ask for the reading of the resolution
adopted on Saturday.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object to any-further
debate until the point of order is decided.
Mr. ORTH. I am not going to debate it, but
I ask that the resolution of the House censuring
the gentleman from Maryland may be read.
Mr HIGBY. I hope, that thegentleman from
Ohio will be allowed to take down the Words to
which he takes exception.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will
read the words objected to.
Mr. ORTH. I call for the reading of the res-
olution.
Mr. PENDLETON. I object. I ask to have
the words read that were taken down at my re-,
quest. 1 object to anything intervening until the
point of order is determined.
The Clerk read as follows, from the remarks
of Mr. Ortii:
"Among the yeas, those who were in favor of passing that
resolution, those who were in favor of turning that traitor
from out this Halt, were Mr. Dumont, Mr. Julian, and Mr.
Orth."
Mr. PENDLETON. Now, Mr. Speaker, i
make the point of order that these words are not
in order.
Mr. ORTH. I ask for the reading of the res-
olution censuring thegentleman from Maryland.
Mr. SCHENCIC. I make the point of order
that 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is a point
of order already pending.
Mr. PENDLETON. Apointof order cannot
be made upon another point of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. We have a right to know
what is the charactcr of this man. [Calls to order
from'the Democratic side of the House.]
The SPEAKER pro tempoie. There is a point
of order already pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. Precisely; and we want the
resolution referring to the member from Mary-
land read. [Loud calls to order.] That resolu-
tion shows [vociforous calls to order from the
Democratic side of the Hall] what he is.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. Does thegentle-
man from Ohio object to the reading of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. PENDLETON. J do, until the point of
order is decided.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In view of the
action of the House on Saturday, the Chair will
overrule the point of order. [Applause and laugh-
ter from the Republican side of the House.]
Mr. ORTH. Mr. Speaker, before alludingto
the yeas and nays on this resolution, probably
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris]
thinks I ought to pay my respects to him for his
attempted insult on this floor a few moments ago.
I can only say that the foul slabberings of a self-
