1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April 11,
convicted and solf-concletnned sympathizer with
treason fall harmless at my'feet.
.".'Now, Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand the res-
olution wliicli my amiable friend from Ohio [Mr.
Pendleton] would not allow to be read, and
which 1 shall rend as part of my speech. He will
hear it from ni'' as he was not willing to hear it
read from lite Clerk's desk:
.">Vheroas Hon. Ben-jamin G. Harris, a member of the
House of lte[H-p.sentatives of the United States from the
State of M;vryl.ind, has on this day used the following lan-
guage, namely : ' The South asked you to let them live m
peace. 'J?nt no; you said you would bring them into sub-
jection. That is not done yet; and Gotl Almighty scant
that'it never may be. I hope you will never subjugate the
South.' And whereas sueh language is treasonable and
grossly insulting to the House: Therefore,
" Be it rcsolvbd, That the said Benjamin G. Harris be
expelled from this House."
I have alre'ady stated that on the adoption of
this resolution the voice of Indiana was uttered
here in the affirmative by Mr. Dumont, Mr. Ju-
lian,and Mr. Orth; my colleague, the honorable
Speaker, being excused from voting by the rules
of the House. You will thus perceive that our
State, which has sent one hundred and thirty
thousand men into this w&r, a State which is in
mourning for the loss of ten thousand of her brave
sons slaughtered by the rebels, a Slate which lias
been represented, and gallantly, heroically rep-
resented, on every battle-field in this accuised re-
bellion, has but three votes in favor of expelling
the gentleman fromMaryland [Mr. Hariiis] for
the atrocious and treasonable language lie uttered
in this House. . .
In the negative of the proposition, in favor of
retaining this foul-mouthed ■sympathizer in his
seat, where he insults our soldiers, and votes, as
lie daily docs, to embarrass our efforts and to
piolong- the war, you will find the names of Mr.
Oravkns, Mr. Uarrington, Mr. Law, Mr.Mc-
Dowr.LL, and Mr.Vooruir.F.s. M-y colleague fiom
the Fort Wayne district [Mr. Edohrton] was
confined to his room by sickness. It is not for
me nor for any one to suppose how lie would have
voted. Suffice it for me anil for t|ie people of In-
diana to know lhaton the partof llieir Democratic
Representatives upon this floor there is not patri-
otism enough to ml this House of the presence
of such a man as that; men, too, who came here,
as 1 have stated, on the diiect issue that they
wore in favor of ft more vigorous pioseeution of
the war tlmn we were. Is thiu the love of my
Democratic colleague--} for the dohlins? Ia this
the manner in whic.h they desire to vigoiously
prosecute this war when they suffered treason to
be avowed and to go unrrbulcnl upon this floor >
1 am willing to accept this issue, I am willing
to go to my State and to ask the honest men there,
without distinction of party, whether ihey are
Willing to sanction such conduct as this, if wo
are to sit hero day after day, and hour after hour,
to^ listen to treasonable utterances, then let us
withdraw from the tented field ihnm>ldicr who has
gone there that the nation may live. If wc can
say amen to a man who calls upon God, hoping
Jlc may grant nothing; but reverses to the Ai my,
the sooner we bring that Army fioni the tented
field the better for us.
Sir, if my Democratic colleagues cue correct, 1 :
have been in the wrong in calling upon my neigh-
bors and constituents to go to the battle-field. If
they ate right in sanctioning by then votes, this
impious language, then !, and thu.se who act with '
me, have committed heinous ciimosin Rending,1,
our soldiers to the field, ami in aiding them to'ij
crush this rebellion. !i
Inmost be paidoned if I exhibit some earnest- lj
neas on this occasion. I seldom pass along the ■!
streets of my own town that 1 do not meet the j
maimed and crippled soldier, or the widows and |
orphans made by this war. I have followed I
on more than one occasion my friendsand neHi- !
bor h to their last resting place—men who had fall- t
en in this warat the hancUr of traitors with whom !|
tho gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris] sym- li
pathizes; and who he prays to God may sue- l!
ceed in this lebeliion. 1 have frit over since this I;
Congiess met there was less patriotism light here ■!
than in almost any other place throughout the ;•
length and breadth of the laud. 1 have felt tune ■
and again that wc who are .sent Ik-ic to re pre- '
sent the loyal and patriotic masses of the cotm- '
try, who are making saoitflces such as no people
ever made before, aie rcereant to our duties in
not crushing more speedily the traitorous utter-
ances of rebel sympathizers in this House. Is it
because wc associate with members on the other
side of the House who, with a few noble excep-
tions, are in sympathy with treaspn? 1 pray that
the words of the poet may not prove true, that
" Vice is a monster of so fi iglufal mien,
As, to be Dated, needs but to be seen;
But seen too oft, familiar with her face,
We first endiuc, then pity, then embiaee."
Is that our condition here? Is it because we
have been compelled toassociate in an official ca-
pacity with men holding sentiments like those of
the gentleman from Maryland and the gentleman
from the second district of Ohio, whose case is
now under consideration ? We have lostm some
way* 1 fear, the mesmeric influence of the people
who sent us here and who are for the vigorous
prosecution of the war and the overthrow of this
rebellion. To the eternal disgrace and shame of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress be it said that we
failed to secure a two-thirds vote for the resolu-
tion expelling a man who insulted the House,
who insulted the soldiers, who insulted the loy-
alty and patriotism of this land. After this fail-
ure to expel, my distinguished friend from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] submitted a resolution of censure
in these woi da: -
11 JlcsoJcecl, That G. IIarris,.i Kepi emulative
from the fUili disuiet ot tho State of Maryland. having
spoken woids this duy in debate manifr.stty tending and
designed to cneouiapo tin; existing lelicllinn and the ene-
mies of thi« Union, i*- d< elated to be ait miwoitbv member
At this House, and is hereby scVeiely ccinurcd.5'
This resolution was adopted by a vote of ninety-
three to eighteen, nearly'five to one, including
every member piesent on this side of the House.
By this vote the House have declared what they
thought of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
IIarhis.J It wasasolemn declaration of ninety-
thioe sworn members of the Ametiean Congress
that the gentleman from Maryland, in consequence
of treasonable woids spoken heie, woids the ef-
fect and design of which weie for thr encourage-
ment of the public enemy, is an unwoilhy mem-
ber of this 1 louse.
IIow stands the record of Indiana on this res-
olution? lu the affirmative Messrs. Dumont,
Harrington, Holmav,Julian, and Orth. Two
of my Democratic col h-a^ucs voting with us, [M r.
Harrington ami Mr. Holman,] and declaring
by then votes that the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mi. Huttii.s,j in consequence of his lira-
so liable language, is " an un woi thy mem be r of ih is
House," yet both gt nth-men voted that this "un-
woithy mrmhfM " should still retain ins seat, to
contaminate with his traitorous piesem.r this {Lall
of Anieiicau liberty. 'Plus action maybe iccon-
cdable; if so, 1 doubt not the loyal men of the
thud and fourth distuetx would be glad to see the
piocess by v. Inch it can be icconeikd.
1 n the nr nn\ c wc find the names of Mr. Law
and Mr. Vooriiees; the rest of the Demociatic
delegation from Indiana [Mr. Cra\ens and Mr.
McDowell] having rctucd, for reasons best
known to themselves.
Here1, then, is the record made by the delega-
tion fiom Indiana, and so fai as I am concerned
—and 1 think 1 spr ak for my colleagues upon this
Hide of the House—wearo teady, and our people
are ready, to meet the issue which those gentle-
men have tendeied to us. If the people of Indiana
desire that tins Marshall not bo prosecuted any !
fui thci, if ihey desne I hat the blessings of Heaven i
shall no long, r i est upon our ai m.s, if they desire j
tluit, in the language of the gentleman from Mary- !
land, her f-ons shall be 44 welcomed with bloody
hands to hospitable giaves," w hy, iu God \s name,
let the sons of Indiana be withdiawn from all
along the lines ofouraimies wluch now stand as
a wail of fiie between you and the rebel hordes.
in the hurry of this debate I had almost foi-
gotten to pay myicspects to the gentleman from
the Cincinnati district, [Mr. Pendleton,] who j
felt it his duty to come to the rescue of his friend i
from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] and to call me to |
order for using the woi d 44 traitor " in speaking of \
his language on tins floor. He exhibited a good !
deal of sensitiveness and not a little technicality, j
The honorable gentleman occupying the chair, i
[Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshn e,] however,vei y j
promptlyand very properly decided t hat I had not '
violated the luies of the House. A solemn vote !,
has affixed upon the gentleman [Mr. Harris] the ;!
opinion of this House, that he had used words ;j
"manifestly tending and designed to encourage li
the. existing rebellion and the public enemies of
this nation.M This amounts to treason, and in
speaking of it I preferred to use the plain Anglo-
Saxon word "traitor."
1 am in the habit—it is probably a fault of mine
—of calling things by their right names. When I
am dealing with a man convicted of stealing, I call
him a thief; and I prefer, when talking ofa treason-
able act, to call it treason. It may be a matter of
bad taste, it may not suit the peculiar taste of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pendleton,] but it
suits me, and I believe it will suit my constitu-
ents. That gentleman [Mr. Pendleton] was a
devoted follower of the lamented Judge Douglas,
and he must pardon me if in these discussions I
adopt the designation which that distinguished
man himself used in the last speech of his life.
Speaking of this rebellion, Judge Douglas said in
his Chicago speech:
44 Every man muM be on the side of the United States or
against it. Theie can be no neutials in this war. There
can be none but patriots or traitor*."
Hence, in the language of Judge Douglas, the
gentleman fiom Maryland [Mr. Harris] is either
a patriot or a traitor. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Pendleton] may regard him a patriot. I
have already stated in which categoiy I place him
and all others who entertain his views.
My colleague [Mr. Voorhises] has declaimed
most eloquently in favor of free speech. To him
and those with whom he sympathizes this is a
somewhat recent zeal. When throughout the slave
States for years and yeais the gag was constantly
applied to all who did not fall down and worship
the god of slavery; when northern men were
maltreated, imprisoned, muulered for the expres-
sion of their opinions throughout the slave re-
gions of the country, this eloquent tongue was
silent. When Sumner was murderously assaulted
in the Senate Chamber for woids spoken in de-
bate, was any word of rebuke heard from that
quartet ? While Jeff. Davis and his co-conspira-
tois arc tiamphng under foot the right of free
speech and free press it does not m the least dis-
turb the equanimity of gentlemen on the other
side, or call forth their indignant disapproval. I
am for free speech, but when it degenerates into
biatant treason I am for stopping it, and will stopS t
whenever I have the power of doing it; nor will
I heed the " eonstitutionar'appeals ofgentiemen,
when they use " fiec speech " only for the pui pose
of destieying that Constitution. We are living
in peculiar times, and are surrounded by peculiar
circumstances. The enemy is within a few hours'
march ot this very Capitol, the gfrnind on which
we stand is threatened by hismroads, and we are
peimiticd to occupy our seats here simply be-
cause a rotdon of loyal bayonets m the hands of
a loyal and biave citizen soldiery surrounds us.
While these soldieis arc abused and vilified by
member* on this floor I cannot consent that such
abuse shall shield itself under the specious guise
of free speech.
A man is free to speak so long as ho speaks
for the nation; when he speaks against tho nation
he shall not, with my consent, do so with im-
punity on this floor.
Two large aimies now confiont each other in
hostile array. One is marshaled under the time-
honoied flag of the Republic; the other under the
rattlesnake flag of secession and tieasori. if we
cannot legislate here as men and as patriots; if
we cannot rise above the paltry bickeungs of
party; if we cannot faithfully dischaigc the high
and important trust committed to our hands in
tins most trying hour of our nation's history, in
God's name let us adjourn; let us go to the re-
spective camps of these two armies; let each select
the flag which most nearly represents his views
and feelings; enroll our names under the chief-
tain we most adruire; and thus enrolled, when
the drum beats 44 to arms." let us say,
"Lay on, Macduff",
And damned bp him that first cnus, Hold, enough ! 
How often have we been regaled with the false
and unblushing assertions that this is an "abo-
lition war;" t hat the men engaged in lestormg
the Government, in quelling treason, and in de-
manding the just punishment of traitors, are
"black Republicans." These charges can have no
other effect (they may be designed for this very
purpobe) than to ci eate divisions in the North, to
array men agamsteach other on /also issues who
otherwise would stand together, shoulder to
