THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
The Secretary read, as follows:
"6. If any member in speaking or otherwise transgress
the rules of the Senate, the Presiding Officer shall, or any
member may, call to oider; and when a member shall be
called to order by the President or a Senator, he shall sit
down and shall not proceed without leave of the Senatfe;
and every question of order shall be decided by the Presi-
dent without debate, subject to an appeal to the Senate;
and ttfe President may call for the sense of the Senate on
any question of order."
Mr. WILKINSON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
decision of the Chair except a request to the Sen-
ator from Michigan to take his seat.
Mr. WILKINSON. It is a call to order by the
President, and I appeal from it.
Mr. CHANDLER, Is the Senator from Mich-
igan in order, sir?
' The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan may proceed with the leave of the
Senate. The Chair makes no objection to the
Senator proceeding in order.
Mr. FOOT. I move, according to the rule of
the Senate, that the Senator from Michigan pro-
ceed in order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER I have been trying for the
last hour to get the ear of the Chair to call up u. little
bill sanctioning an act of the Legislature of Mich-
igan authorizing the deepeningof the channel of
a river. In my own opinion the Legislature of
Michigan had a right to pass that act, but itleads
to a large expenditure of money, and the corpo-
rators under the act of the Legislature desire the
sanction of Congress for fear they might vio-
late that clause of the Constitution which says
that no tonnage duty shall be laid without the
consent of Congress. The bill does not appro-
piiate one farthing. It simply legalizes an actof
the Legislative of Michigan which in my opin-
ion is legal now; and, as I said before, I have been
trying for the last hour to get the ear of the Chair
in ouler to call up that biil.
Now, I hope that no bill will be taken up at this
late hour, half past nine o'clock atnight on the last
day of tin; sos&iuii, authorizing the use of a large
amountof money for experimental purposes. I
hope the Senate will vote down the proposition,
and that they will permit me to proceed with the
bill to which I have referred. Ildoesnot involve
the expenditure of a single shilling; it will great-
ly promote tho mercantile interests not only of
Michigan, but of all the States bordering on the
lakrs, ami f may say of all the United States, and
solely at (he expense of the citizens of the State
of Michigan. 1 hope the Senate will vote down
this motion, and that then the Chair will recog-
nize me and permit me to move to take up that
bill.
Mr. HALE. I have no personal interest in
this bill nor lias the State I represent. There
have been several applications made to the Naval
Committee to examine curious inventions of sub-
itum no huru-ries, &c. We have told the invent-
ois that we had nothing to do with them, and we
finally S'-nt several of them to the Secretary of the
Navy and asked his opinion. The Secretary
submitted some of them to a board,and they rec-
ommended them, but the Secretary said he had no
money to spend upon them, and requested us to
make nn appiopnution; and this biil is reported
in accordance with the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. CONNESS. is it a House bill ?
Mr. HALE. No, sir; it has just been re-
pented. It is very brief, and I think it can be
passed in a minute or two if the Senate will take
it up.
The question being put, there were, on adivis-
ion—ayes eiev.en 
Mr KALE called for the yeas and nays, and
tin y weie oideied; und being taken, resulted—
yea;-! nays 12; a3 follows;
Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Doolittle,
Toot, Half, Harris, Henderson, Hicks, Howe,
Johnson, Laneo! Kan-vis, Morgan,MoirilLPomcroy,Ram-
e.v\} Ti:i ahull, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, Willey.and Wil-
*<,11—23.
NA-
JLuiau.
cSuiaiM'i. .it.d Ton Kyek—12.
AI?SK\T—jlimvn, Collamer, Davis, Dixon,
FYr-j-tMiden, Haulms, Hetiduek-., Howard, Lane
of Indiana, iV^inith. Riehaidson, Sherman, Wade, and
\Vrigiii-l.j.
So tho motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
VY.S—'Vpspis. Carlile, Chandler, Connies, Cowan,
mi. 3f"Dt'U!trni!, Powell, Kiddie, Saulsbnrv, Sota&ue,
I- 7 -> " fa
No. 343) making an appropriation for testing
submarine inventions was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILKINSON. 1 should like to inquire
of the Chair what became of the appeal which 1
took from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw his appeal
on the motion of the Senator from Vermont that
the Senator fromMichigan be allowed to proceed
in order.
Mr. WILKINSON. The Chair will under-
stand that one motion cannot be withdrawn on
the motion of another Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw the appeal
and to yield to the motion of the Senator from
Vermont that the Senator from Michigan proceed
in order.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know what the
Senator from Vermont said, but when the Chair
decided the Senator from Michigan to be out of
order and ordered him to take his seat, I took an
appeal from that decision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairso
understood.
Mr. WILKINSON. And I have not said a
word from that time to this, and the Chair went
on with the proceedings of the Senate without
any regard to it whatever.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator to withdraw it upon the
motion made by the Senator from Vermont that
theSenator from Michigan be allowed to proceed
in order.
Mr. WILKINSON. I did not hear what the
Senator from Vermont said.
Mr. FOOT. 1 made the usual motion under
the rule, that the Senator from Michigan, having
been called to order by the Chair, have leave to
proceed in order. I made the motion under the
rule, and that motion was cairied.
Mr. WILKINSON. I do not know much
about the rules, but the Senator from Vermont
does, and if he says that it is all right I have
nothing to say about it.
Mr. FOOT. I made that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ver-
mont is incorrect. The Senator from Michigan
was not called to order by the Chair. The Sen-
ator from Michigan was ordered to take his seat
by the Chair, but was not called to order. The
Chair had a right to call the Senatorfrom Michi-
gan to order, but he had no more right to order
the Senator from Michigan to take his seat than
the Senator from Michigan hod to order the Chair
to take his seat. The Chair was out of order,
and I shall insist upon that appeal on account of
the Chair being out of order. Had the Chair
called the Senator from Michigan to order, he
would have been right and the Senator from
Michigan would have taken his seat; but the
Chair did not 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the Senator from Michigan that he is
entirely out of order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I was simply discussing
the fact; that was all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
is out of order both in discussing the fact and in
addressing the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit that it is too late
to raise this question now. Other business has
intervened.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the bill will proceed.
The Secretary read the bill, which proposes to
appropriate £25,000 for the purpose of testing sub-
marine batteries and other inventions, to be ap-
plied under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy to experiments upon such devices for sub-
marine operations as may be recommended as
worthy ot practical test by a commission of com-
petent naval officers and scientific men, now or
hereafter to be organized for their examination.
Mr. HALE. 1 will state a single fact to the
Senate. I am told that some submarine batteries
which the rebels have that have destroyed several
of our vessels are the result of inventions offered
to our Government and not experimented with
by our Government for want of a fund, and they
want a fund to beat their disposal to make prac-
tical experiments in this way.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask theSenator i
from New Hampshire by whom they were offered
to our Government?
Mr. HALE. I do not know. I say I have
been so informed. I have seen it in the public
papers. I cannot affirm that it is true.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and it was read the third time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is the bill open to amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yetis 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Conner, Doolittle, Foot,
Foster, Ilale, Harris, Henderson, Ilicks, Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Knn&as, Motgan, Morrill, Ramsey, Snmnfr. Ten
TCyek, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiiicy,
and Wilson—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Buekalcw, Cailile, Chancer, Claik,
Cowan, Davis, Harlan, SIcDounall, Pomeioy, Powell, Rid-
dle, Salisbury, and Spra«ue—L3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Harding, Ilendiieks, Howard, Lane of Indi-
ana, Nesamtli, Richaid-son, Slieanan, and Wnght—13.
So the bill was passed.
MISSOURI MILITIA.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the consent of the
Senate to introduce a bill based on facts which
have just come to my knowledge.
There being no objection leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 348^) to pay a certain
militia force called into seivice in the State of
Missouri; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire the present con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. WILKINSON. I object.
The PRESIDENT;)*'*) tempore. Objection be-
ing made it cannot be considered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senatorfrorr
Minnesota will withdraw his objection. I desire
before this matter passes off to read the order of
General Rosecrans in my State so that he may
understand the condition of affairs there. I am
satisfied he does not understand it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo} e. Is objection
to the present consideration of the bill with-
drawn ?
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope it will be done
until I can read (he order.
Mr. WILKINSON. I will withdraw it long
enough to hear what the Senator from Missouri
wishes to read. /
Mr. CONNESS. That cannot be done.
Mr. WILKINSON. Then I refuse to with-
draw the objection. 1 am told I cannot withdraw
it unless I do so unconditionally.
ARMY MEDICAL CORPS.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred a
bill (H. R. No. 543) to increase the efficiency of
the medical corps of the Army, have had the
same under consideration and have instructed me
to report in favor of it without amendment, and
to ask for its immediate consideration.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be considered at this time.
MESSAGE VHOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the bill
of the Senate (No. ]85) to establish a branch of
the Mint of the United States at Dalies City, m
the State of Oregon.
LANDLORD AND TENANT LAV,*.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives requested the return to the
House of the bill (S. No. 133) to regulate pro-
ceedings in cases between landlord and tenant in
the District of Columbia, for the purpose of cor-
recting an error in the message announcing to
the Senate the action of the House upon the said
bill.
^ The Senate proceeded to consider tho resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives requesting
the return of the bill (S. No. 133) to regulate
proceedings m eases between landlord and tenant
in the District of Columbia; and it was
OrJcrrJ, That the said hi!! be relumed K> t'l" il0lV>e of
Rcpiesentative* agivc.ih'y to it -
