1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not injuriously and disgracefully affect posterity, j
until removed by statute or pardon. Therefore J
the pertinence of the suggestion that the Conven- j
tion desired to limit the consequences of guilt to ;
the poison of the offender, which would not have
been done if unlimited corruption might follow
guilt either by statutory denunciation or as the
technical consequence of judgment.
The action of the Congress of 1790, in enacting
that "no conviction or judgment for any of the
offenses aforesaid shall work corruption of blood
or any forfeiture of estate," is not of very clear
valne. or import in construing this clause. The
prohibition maybe held an admission by the Le-
gislature that without the prohibition corruption
and forfeiture might have occurtod, and, as they
had not yet been inflicted by statute, that they
would have occurred under the common law as
a result or consequence of judgment under the
statute; and thus far that section of the act sup-
ports the idea that the limitation of the Constitution
is upon the effect of a judgment and not upon the
power of Congress. On the other hand this legis-
lative judgment of the First Congress, embracing
many of the members of the Convention, against
all corruption and forfeiture, notallowing the Gov-
ernmentto take even alife estate between the judg-
ment and the scaffold, by showing the tendency
of opinion would indicate a policy consistent only
with the idea that the limitation is upon the power
of Congress as well as upon the effect of the judg-
ment. I am inclined to think itdoes not so much
indicate any opinion of the meaning of the Con-
stitution as it does a legislative judgment against
the whole policy of confiscation and forfeituie.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr Ste-
vens] has attempted to cut the gordian knot by a
stioke of aigument as able as it is bold,in which
I understand him to maintain that the rebellion
has become a public war, and as such has invested
the parties to it with belligerent lights, that the
rebel States, so called, are not now a part of the
Union, that the Constitution and laws of the
United States are inopeiative there and have no
application, that they are alien enemies, and that
the contest is to be governed m all things by the
rules of war and international law. I have, for the
sake of brevity and grouping, stated the results
of his tu&ument m my own language, rather than
made extended quotations, and believe I am sub-
stantially right. His ptenrmcs about the pub-
licity of the war are correct, and his conclusion
that the war must be managed under the usages of
war and of international law is correct. Hut that
his conclusions about the status of the States and
people of the South and our power over them and
their territory are incorrect, I must be permitted
to think 1 have shown in my speech upon the res-
toration of civil authority, and will not now repeat
the aigument.
For the purpose of loading the war the rules of
war under the law of nations do obtain; but for
all dealings with the citizen and his estate for the
purpose of punishing crime, or raising revenue,
for anything not a necessary or legitimate wai
measure the Constitution and laws must obtain.
It does not alter the case or help the argument on
the other side to eail this acta " war measure."
Any bill for raising men and money in time of
war is a war measure, but the authority therefor
is derived, not from the being in a state of war,
but from the Constitution. So with the powerto
punish treason. The laws of warrelate to action
by military forces and commanders, and not to
legislation by this body. The soldier may strike
according to those laws and they do not tie his
ai ms, We enact by and under the Constitution.
It seems to me that the learned'gentleman, in-
stead of gaining power by relying on the laws of
war and of nations in lieu of the Constitution,
loses it in this, that under our Constitution, and
indeed under any Government in the world, the
power of the sovereign over the person and prop-
erty of a rebellious citizen or subject is gienter
than the power of the same sovereignty over the
persons and property of alien enemies. I cannot
think tins will be denied, and will not argue it.
Since the irruption of the Franks and Huns into
southern and western Europe, and the conquest
of England by the Normans, and the establish-
ment of feudal tenures, I do not believe any war
between aliens has been followed by so sweeping
a change in the title to realty as has been proposed
here. Whatever writeis upon international law
may say about the text, the practice and the
judgment of civilized and Christian nations are
against it.
Would it not be more harmonious to say that
a war of such dimensions bestows belligerent,
rights and powers upon both parties for war pur-
poses, whether offensive or defensive, during the
existence of the war, and that when armed re-
sistance is overcome and their de facto civil gov-
ernments dissipated our success will have de-
prived them of belligerent rights, and reduced
them from the status"of soldiers to that of citi-
zens and traitors? I extremely regretted the po-
sition of the gentleman for another reason. Such
a declaration, coming at this time from one who
is here and at the South and in other nations
esteemed a lender of the dominant party, might
have a political and moral effect notatall desirable.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
while disdaining going so far as the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, yetsays that the real question
in the case is whether the unlimited confiscation
now sought is a competent war measure under
the laws of war, and refers to the late piizecase.'
The couit only decided what was before them,
and held that the blockade was competent, and
that for the purpose of captures on water we might
treat peisons domiciled in the limits of the lebel-
lion as we would aliens. This does not cover the
case. That capture was an act of war, and was
adjudged valid for the reasons assigned. We are
now treating of legislative power. There are two
insurmountable objections to this theory. It
would seem to render inoperative and void the
constitutional definition and punishment of trea-
son, which is levying war. If, as soon as war
exists, the Constitution is suspended, and inter-
national law alone obtains, treason, m its guilty
senseand punishablp form, cannot exist, for under
the^iternational code, while you may shoot your
enemy as an enemy, you cannot hang him as a
traitor. We cannot answer to this that there might
be clear cases of treason, under the ruling in
Burr's case, where armed resistance in force would
amount to a levying of war but would not attain
the dignity of a public wai. The Constitution
does not draw this line. Treason is levying of war,
and the aigument on the other side strips the
levying of much of its guilt and the nation of
much of its power. 'Then such a distinction would
be odious. According to it, resisting the tax on
a few barrels of whisky would be a greater ciime
than an immense war to bieak up the Govern-
ment. The other objection is, the rule is too un-
certain. Under it, our power over men and es-
tates is not derived fiom a known law and the
personal guiltof thf party, but the fact of the per-
son and estate beins: within rebel lines. Then our
power ebbs and flows with the successes and de-
feats of war. As we advance, the area of our
pow#T decreases, and as we are driven back the
area of our power increases, unless the power,
having attached as an incident, of accidental and
temporary rebel control, lemams. Then halt of
Missouri, two thirds of Kentucky, and all of Ten-
nessee, are to-day obnoxious to this power, even
in large districts that are the most intensely loyal
on this continent. And, moreover, if the power
depends on the source alleged, then traitors and
rebels in those parts of States not made alien by
rebel possession and control are either exempt or
less easily readied, no matter how guilty. It
ought to occur to gentlemen that a rule so uneven
and uncertain in its workings is not the true rule
of the case.
Whoever sees his way clearly to the real and
avowed end aimed at by the repealing resolu-
tion, which object is the most extensive and the
mostunmitigated confiscation and forfeiture in the
woild's history, has stronger convictions and
clearer legal pciceptionsthan myself. And when
gentlemen denounce as traitors or as rebel sym-
pathizers all who cannot sec this matter as they
would have it seen, or who, having a doubt, aie
slow to abandon a construction which has ob-
tained since the foundation of the Government,
! they forget the amenities of life, and do a thing on
j this floor which they would be ashamed to do in
• the presence of any court where their logic has so
i often vanquished error, and where the graces of
1 their comtiy provisional demeanor have so often
robbed defeat of its rudti pains.
I prefer to leave the original resolution as it was
passed on the President's recommendation. It
has been my painful duty so often to differ with
our amiable Chief Executive that it is now ,witk
unaffected pleasure I come to his "rescue ar>d hold
up his hands; doingthis from a conviction ofright,
and not to prove my loyalty to those who so lately-
held that to agree with the President in all things
was the only true standard of loyalty. The time is
not far distant when gentlemenwill forget their pas-
sions and honor human nature by being ashamed
of the day when they allowed a difference of opin-
ion upon a legal question to be made thp occasion
for the imputation of improper and unworthy sen-
timents.
Mr. WILSON". I now withdraw th? motion
to rccommittheresoUuion, and movetostrike out
the words "except during his life. This amend-
ment being intended to limit the operation and ef-
fect of the said resolution and act, and the Same
are hereby limited, only so far as to make them
conformable to section thiee of article three of the
Constitution of the United States*," and in lieu
thereof to insert, " contrary to the Constitution
of the United States;" so that it would read:
That tlie last clause of a "joint resolution, explanatory
of 'An act to suppress insurrection, to punish tre.a^on and
rebellion, toseizeandconfiseate the property of rebels, and
for other purposes,'" approved July 17, 1862, lie, and the
same hereby is, amended as to read : "uur&bail any pun-
ishment or proceeding under said act be so construed as to
vvoik a forfeiture of the, estate of the offender conhary to
the Constitution of the United State*: Provided, That no
other public warning or proclamation tinder the act of July
17, 186*2, chapter ninety-live, section sixi i« or shall be re-
quired than the proclamation of the President made and
published by him on the 25th day of July, 1862, which proc-
lamation so"made shall be received and held sufficient in
ail ease? now pending, or which may hereafter arise under
said act."
I now demand the previous question on the res-
olution and amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. This subject will come up
to-morrow if we now go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the enrollment
bill, and I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is notin order
pending the demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX moved that the resolution belaid upon
the table.
Mr. CRAVENS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it wns decided in
the negative—yeas 71, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS— Jame* C. Allen, William J Allen, An-
cona, Aii£H tu-> C. Baldwin. Jacob B. Hlair, Blis=, Brooks,
William (J. Biown, Chanloi', Clav. CofTioth, Cox, Cravens,
Dawfon, Di'inucon, Eden, likhidge, Fmek, Cannon, Gri-
dei, Hale, Hal!. H-udiua;, Uarnnuton, Denjuniu G. Harris,
Reiruk, Holmiin, llutehnw.W illi.un Johi^on, Kalbflcis-oh,
Kernan, King. Law, Lazeai, Le Blond, Long, Mallory,
Maiey, McAlli-.tei, McDowell, MeKinnev, Middh'ion,
William fl. Miller, James R. Mom*-, Nelson, Noble, Odeli,
John O'Neill, Pun n, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,William
II. Randall, Robim-mi, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Scott,
John H. Steele, William <i. Steele, Side*, Strouse, Smart,
Sweat, Thomas, WadMvortb- Webster, Whaley, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, and Yea-
iiiiiii—71.
NAYS—Messrs Alloy, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold, A'-hU'v, BaiiwJohn I). Baldwin, Baxter, Iranian,
Blow, BounvelljBind, Hrande ec, Hronmalf, Ambrose W.
Claik, Cobb, Cole, CiowelJ, Tiioina- T. Davis, Dawea,
D< ming, Donnellv. DrijR*-. Eliot, t'arasworth, Fenton,
Frank, GaMield, Gooch, Gunnel!, lliaby, Hooper, Hotch-
ki^, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. ilubtmrd, Hulbuid,
Jenrko-, Julian, Ka-.-oii, Kelley, Fiauci- W*. KHlogg, Or-
lando Kellojrg, Loan, Longyenr, M.uvin. McBiido, Me-
rimff, Mclnrloe, Samuel V. Miller, Muoihoad, Moruil,
Daniel Moms, Amo> Leonard RIyeit , Noiton,
Charles o'Neill, Oitb, l'atteoon. iVrham, Pike, Pomcroy,
Puce, Alexander H Rice, John 11. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins Sehcuck, Seotield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Snnth-
rr?, Spalding, Stevens Thayer, Up>-o , Van Valkenhnrgh,
Ehhu B. Wasddmrne, William B. Washburn, WiUiams,
Wiis-on, Wmdom, and Woodbudge—S3.
So the House refused to lay tiie resolution upon
the table.
During the vote,
Mr. STEELE, of New York, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Stebbins, had gone home on ac-
count of sickness.
Mr. PERRY stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative if he had not paired with Mr.
Wilder.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment offered by Mr,
Wilson* was adopted.
The resolution was ordeied to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
