1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to inquire of the
chairman of the committee whether, where a
mortgage is given for the security of a note; the
note and the mortgage both are to be stamped?
In line one hundred and forty-two I see the'pro-
vision is that the mortgage shall bear a Stan)p ac-
cording toits sizeand value; butmust the note also
by which the mortgage is secured be stamped?
Mr. FESSENJDEN. There is a previous pro-
vision that only one of ^hem need be stamped.
Mr. POMEROY. I had not seen that. I was
looking for it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the attention of the
chairman of the committee to what appears in
line one hundred and sixty-one, on the page we
are now reading. It proposes a stamp upon a
passage ticket for a passage by any vessel " from
a port in the United States to a foreign port," and
the words are comprehensive enough to embrace
foreign vessels. I doubt very much whether there
is authority to execute it on foreign vessels. We
can pass it by now, though,and think of it after-
wards.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not know that we
can make any different provision in that respect
fropi that which we have made.
The next amendment was in schedule B, after
line one hundred and eighty-five, to strike out the
following clause:
Receipts for the payment of any sum of money, or for the
payment of any debt due, not being for the satisfaction of
any mortgage or judgmeet or decrec of any court, and a
receipt fortlie delivery of any property, 2 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line two hundred of that
schedule the word " whisky'.'ought to be inserted
before" beef." . ^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Is that qualified by the
words, "or other salted, cured, or preserved
meats?" The clause reads:
Warehouse receipt for not exceeding fifty barrels of beef,
pork, or bacon, or other salted, cured, dried, or preserved-
meats held-in storage in any public or private warehouse
or yard, 10 cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not affected.
Mr. JOHNSON. Strike outthe word " other."
Mr.SHERMAN. "Othpr"ought to be stricken
out, but the words " or other" would relate only
to the meats and not to the whisky. 1 move to
strike out the word other." It does no harm,
but it might as well be left out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose "or other"
might as well be left in.
Mr. JOHNSON. Insert ",or"after" whisky,"
and then it will be plain enough. I move to in-
sert the word " or" after " whisky."
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I want to ask the Senator from
Ohio what he selected whisky for and left out all
other liquors ? Are they provided for in some
other place ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Whisky is stored in very
large quantities by the barrel, and it is an article
that will yield some revenue. You might put in
some other things, but no other article that I know
of now would yield much revenue. Beer and ale
are very seldom stored except at the place of man-
ufacture. Whisky, though, is an article of com-
merce, and is stored in Targe quantities in the
cities. .
The next amendment was in schedule B, after
litie two hundred and fifteen, to insert the fol-
lowing:
Weighers' returns, if for a weight not exceeding five
thousand pounds, 10 cents.
Exceeding five thousand pounds, 25 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to insert after the
word " either," in the two hundred and twenty-
first line of the schedule, the word " of;" so that
it will read:
Writ, or other original process by which any suit is com-
meneedin any eouit of record, cither of law or equity,oO
cents.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection, to make
the style more correct. _
The next amendment was in schedule B, line
two hundred and lliirty-thiee, after the word
" provided," to insert " or by any police or mu-
nicipal court having no larger jurisdiction as to
the amount of damages it may renderthan ajus-
tice of the peace in the same State;" so that the
proviso will read: * #
Provided, That no writ, summons, or other process is-
sued by and returnable to «justice of the peace, except as
hereinbefore provided, or by any police,or municipal court
having no larger jurisdiction as to theamount of damages it
may render than a jusdee of the peace in the same State,
or issued iu any cryninal or other suits commenced by the
United States or any State, shall be subject to the payment
of stamp duties. "
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in schedule C, line
four, to strike out the word "or" between " tro-
ches" and " lozenges." ,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in scheduled, line
sixty-four, after the word " lights," to insert the
word 'land," and after the word "tapers" to
strike out the words " or matches made without
the use of sulphur;" so that it will read:
For all cigar lights and wax tapers, double the rates
herein imposed upon friction or lucifer matches.
The next amendment was in schedule C, line
sixty-eight, after the word "lights" to insert
" or;" and after the word " tapers" to strike out
the words " or matches made without the use of
sulphur;" and in line seventy to strike out "July"
and insert "August;" so that the proviso will
i-ead:
Provided, That so far as this aet relates lo friction or lu-
cifer matches made in part of wood, or to cigar lights or
wax tapers, the same shall not ta"fce effect until the 1st day
of August, 1864.
Mr. HOWARD. I movetoamendthatamend-
ment by inserting " September" instead of "Au-
gust," and by adding after "1864," in line sev-
enty, these words, " or apply to manufactured
stock on hand when this act shall go into opera-
tion."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let rile suggest to the
Senator that the committee still have that matter
under consideration; and if we adopt the amend-
ment now which they propose, it can be struck
out when we get into the Senate if it be necessary
to do so. .There is a great deal of difficulty about
it so as to provide against frauds, and we would
rather have the amendment adopted as it is, and
then, if we cannot come to some arrangement,
the Senator can move his proposition in the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well. I withdraw my
amendment for the present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not yet con-
cluded our examination on tins matter. I trust
the Senator will make a memorandum of it, so that
it shall not be forgotten when the bill comes into
the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-one
of schedule C, after the word "pictures" to in-
sert " except copies of engravings and works of
art;" so as to make the clause read:
Photographs, ambi utypes, daguerreotypes, or any sun pic-
tures, except copies of engravings and works of art, upon
each and every picture of which the retail price shall not
exceed 25 cents, 2 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend by striking
out in that section, on page 226, from line Sev-
enty-one down to the eightieth line—to strikeout
all the provisions in regard to stamps on photo-
graphs, ambrotypes, and daguerreotypes. ^
Mr. POMEROY. I do not understand why
the provision should be struck out.
Mr. CLARK. I will state to the Senator and
to the Senate the rea^bn why the committee de-
sire to strike it out. There are some of these ar-
ticles so very small, not bigger than half your
finger nail, on which it is impossible to affix a
stamp; and the committee propose to amend on
the 135th page, section ninety-two, where there
is a provision that photographs or any other sun
picture, being copies of engravings or works of
art, or used for the illustration of books, shall
pay a duty of five per cent, ad valorem. It is pro-
posed to assess the tax ad valorem on the whole
of them. I shall move that amendment hereaf-
ter if this be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of tile Senator from
New Hampshire to strike out from line sevenry:-
one to line seventy-nine, in the following words:
Photographs, ambrotypes, daguerreotypes, or any sun
pictures, except copies of engravings and works of art, uptni
each and every picture of which the retail price shall not
excecd 95 cents, 2 cents. ,
Exceeding the retail price of 25 cents, and not f xceeii-
injr the sum of 60 cents, 3 cents. . ;
Exceeding the retail price of 50 cents, and not exceed-
ing $1, 5 cents.. '
Exceeding the retail prieeof$l, for every additional dol-
lar or fractional part thereof, 5 cents.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendnjent was in schedule C, lines
eighty-one, eighty-three,' eighty-five, eighty-
seven, and eighty-nine respectively, to strike out
the word " retail" before " price;" in line eighty-
one to strikeout "five" and insert "two" be-
fore "cents;" in line eighty-four to strike out
" ten" and insert " four"before " cents;" in line
eighty-six to strike out "fifteen" and insert
"ten" before "cents;" in line eighty-eight to
strike out "thirty" and insert "fifteen" before
"cents;" and in line ninety to-Strike out "twen-
ty" and insert "five" before "cents;" so as to
make the clause read:
Playing-Cards.—For and upon every pack of whatever
number, when the price per pack docs not exceed 18cents,
2 cents.
Exceeding the price of 18^ents, and no* exceeding 25
cents per pack, 4 cents.
Exceeding the price of 25, and not exceeding 50 cents
per pack, 10 cents. «
Exceeding tHe price of 50 cents, and not exceeding $1
per pack, 15 cents.
Exceeding the price of $1, for every additional 50 cents,
or fractional part thereof, in excess off], 5 cents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not in favor of these
amendments unless the chairman or some gentle-
man of the committee can give some reason why
the tax on playing-cards proposed by the House
of Representatives should be reduced by the Sen-
ate. I think they are a very proper subject of
taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We reduceit with a view
to get more revenue out of this subject of taxa-
tion if we can. The largest part of the revenue
probably is.derived from a very cheap descrip-
tion of card." We examined the subject two years
ago. At that time the other House proposed a
very large tax in the same way. If you put it
on with a view to lessening the. use of cards as
much as possible, it might perhaps have the effect-;
but we became satisfied on examination that if the
idea is to get a revenue out of this source of taxa-
tion, we must put upon it something like a pro-
portionate duty to that imposed upon other arti-
cles. A great many of the cards, those that are
used most, are a cheap kind which are used in
eating-houses and on board steamboats and per-
haps on railroad cars. They a?e used by persons
who not paying a large price for them do not keep
them, but perhaps throw them out of the window
when they are done with them, and they are not
used for pfeying again. The largest number of
cards is probably used in that way. If yon nut
a high duty upon them, the result will be that
"when they are purchased they will be played with
again and again, being used economically. We
became satisfied that the result of imposing so
high a duty would be that we should in reality
lessen the revenue instead of increasing it. Jf
we want to get a good respectable revenue out of
cards, we must put on a moderate duty and must
not impose a tax with a view to putanend to the
use of the article. It is hardly worth while to go
on the idea tha^the use of playing-cards is always
vicious when it is a matter of such common amuse-
ment with so many sorts of people.
I may state that a friend of mine belonging to
a club of gentlemen told me in reference to the
last duty imposed on playing-cards, that at that
club, until the price was raised so much in con-
sequence of the duty being put upon cards, they
never thought of using a pack of cards a second
time; but \vhen the price increased so much in
consequents of the duty, it became somewhat
common to lay aside a pack that was used and
play with itasecond time. They found it neces-
sary to .economize. The same'result will follow
in a very much larger degree if we increase the
duty so much as is now proposed.. The reason-
ing upon which the committee proceeded was to.
get as large a revenue out of the article as we pos-
sibly can.
Mr. JOHNSON. To have as many packs
made as possible. [Laughter.]
