1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
POST OFFICE LAWS.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up for con-
sideration House bill No. 575, just received from
the House of Representatives, It is simply an
net to correct a clerical error.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (H.R.
No. 575) to correct a clerical error in the law of
June 30, 1864, relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment was read twice by unanimous consent, and
considerd as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of this
letter. ["No, no."]
The bill provides that so much of the act of the
30th of June, 1864, as repeals the seventeenth,
eighteenth, thirty-fifth, thirty-ninth, and forty-
first sections of the act of March 3,1863, entitled
"An act to amend the laws relating- to the Post
Office Department," be repealed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I feel a good deal of
reluctance to consider a bill of this sort in the
absence of the chairman of the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads. It seems to affect
previous laws.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of the
letter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is not necessary.
There is no-«%jection to the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. Let it be read. Let the Sen-
ate understand it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
the letter read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The letter will
be read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Post Office Department, July 1, 1864.
Sir : I herewith send you the draft of a Jaw for the cor-
rection of a clerical error in the post office hill of 30th Juno,
1864. Tim act, as originally dnuvn, contained substitute
provisions for the sections of the act of 1S63 which aie
repealed. The->e substitute piovi&ions woe ptuckcn out
hy the committor, nnd the provision repealing the set tion<!
of the art of 1863 \vas  inadvertently left m the act of 30th
June.
llctepcctfullv, your obedient servant,
M, BLAIR,
Postmaster General.
Hon. J. 15. Aj.lkv, House Representatives.
■ The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
. CLAIMS FOR ARMY SUPPLIES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 305.
It is a bill providing- for paying for quartermas-
ter's and commissary's stores thatweie taken and
used by our Army.*
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate le-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
305) to lestrict the jurisdiction of the Court of
Chums, and to provide for the payment of cer-
tain demands for quartermaster's stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill has been before
the Senate and read at length, and some amend-
ments were made on the motion of the Senator
from Maryland. I move now to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and substi-
tute the two sections on the same subject which
were reported by the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate as Senate bill No. 259.
The proposed substitute was read, as follows:
That all claims of loyal citizens in States not in rebellion,
foi cjuatermaster's stores actually furnished to the Army o(
the United States and receipted tor by the pioper officer
jeceiving the same, or which may have been taken by such
officers without giving such leceipt. may be submitted to
the Quartermaster General of the United States, accom-
panied Willi such proofs as each claimant can present of
ihe (acts in lu< chm> ; and it shall be the duty of the Quar-
tet master. L.'en oral to cau-o fcueh claim to be examined, and
if convinced that it l* just, and of the loyalty of tiie claim-
ant, and that the ^tous have been actually received or
taken Jot the u*e of and u^cd by said Auny, then to report
each ea^e to the Thud Auditoi of the Treaty, withu icc-
ommetidation tor settlement.
Si:c. '2. j-ln.l he it further enacted. That all claim" of
loyal citizens in Slates not m lebelliou, for subsistence
actually furnished to said Atmy and receipted for by the
piopet "olHcer iccuving the same, oi which may have been
taken by such oifioeis withoutgivmg such receipt, may be
•' submitted to the Commi^arj, Geneial of Subsistence, ac-
companied with sue'a pioof as each claimant may have to
offia ; and it shall be tbu duty ot the Commissary General
ot Subsidence to cause each claim to he examined, and it
convinced tuat it t> just, and of the loyalty of the claimant,
and that the stoi es have been actually received or taken
for tilt- use of,aid ined by said Army, then to repott each
case for payment to the Thud Auditor of the Trea&ury, with
a it-commendation foi settlement.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Aa this bill seems to alarm
some Senators, I am quite sure it is not under-
stood. it is the duty of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral and the Commissary General to pay these
accounts now. If Senators will give me their at-
tention a moment, I will state that it is not a bill
to pay damages which have been done by our
armies in their marches. That was the character
of the original Senate bill. The Judiciary Com-
mittee struck out the whole of that bill and put
in these,two sections. Now, what are the two
sections? The two sections require the quarter-
master and commissary departments to pay for
property, not which the Army destroyed, but
which the officers took and which was used by
the Army. The property must have been taken
by the proper officer—that is the language of the
bill—and used by the Army in States not in re-
bellion, in loyal States, and the property of loyal
citizens, and we require the loyalty of the citizen
to be proven to the quartet master and the com-
missary. Can any one say that such a clairn as
that should not be paid ? If a quartermaster went
and took the property and the Army used it, why
should it not be paid for? It is no matter if he
did take it, if the Army did not use it, according
to the provision we have reported it is not to be
paid for; but where the property of a loyal citi-
zen in a loyal State has been taken and the Army
has used it, can anybody say that that is a claim
which should not be paid? it seems to me it ought
to be paid on presentation. The quarterm'asteis
and commissaries are doing this thing every day.
They come and take one hundred bushels of oats
from me or one hundred hales of hay and they
pay me for it. That is all that there is in this
bill, nothing else, and there are no hundreds of
millions'of dollars of damages to be claimed un-
der it. If your Quartermastei General and Com-
missary General are satisfied that the proper offi-
cer took the property and that the Army used it,
do you not think you ought to puy the man what
is reasonable and proper? That is all there is
to it.
Mr. WILKINSON. How does it operate
down South ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is confined entirely to
the loyal States.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Why do you discrim-
inate against loyal men in disloyal States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We discriminate against
them because of the difficulty of arriving at the
facts in that unsettled poi tion of the country, but
loyal men in the disloyal States ought to be p.tid,
I will say to the Senator from Kansas, whenever
there is a settled condition of the country- but to
open that door now we thought was going too far.
I was willing to do something for the people in
the loyal States whose property has been taken
by the proper officer and used by the Army, but
I was not ready to go into the disloyal States to
do that for fear theie would be abuses and a diffi-
culty in proving it. It is true there may be hard-
ships, but we all have to suffer hardships. Where
the country has been in a state of insurrection, to
open the door for men to prove their loyalty,
would be, I fear, dangerous at this time. I thought
something ought to be done, and was willing as
one of the committee to go this far: but this is as
far as I can go. That is my answer.
Mr. JOHNSON. When our armies were in
Matyland on two occasions, when the battle of
Antietam and the accompanying battles of that
invasion and the subsequent battle of Gettysburg
were fought, the armies were fed almost entirely
by the citizens of Maryland. Their property
was taken. They would have had no option to
refuse; but they did not refuse. They tendered
all that they had, and all that they had was ap-
propriated to the support of the Army; and ail
that this bill says is that a Maryland citizen who
upon that occasion fed with his stores or supplied
the Army in another way with commissariat
stores shall be paid, unless it shall turn out that
he was disloyal. The amount is very large to '
them, but nothingtothe United States. Butirre- i
spective of the amount, theie is an obligation, a 1
moral, a national obligation, it seems to me, that |
appeals with commanding force to the judgment, i
and to the honesty, I am almost inclined to say, |
of the Congress of the United States. }
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the amend- j
ment of the Senator from Illinois by addingatits I
close; ]
And it fehal! be the duty of the Thud Auditor urn-exam- \
Jae said claims both in the quartermaster and commis-
sary departments, and if they ai ft found to he. just to fix the
amount and recommend the same lor payment,.or other-
wise reject the same. % .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no fcort of objec-
tion to that. It is another safeguard; thatis all. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
It is competent for the Senator from Illinois to
accept it as a part M" his own amendment.
-Mi\ TRUMBULL. 11 requires the Third Aud-
itor to examine after the Quartermaster General
and the Commissary General shall have exam-
ined. I have no desire that anybody shall be paid
anything but what is justly due; and I have no
sort of objection to any checks that do not make
the bill so cumbersome that it will not operate. 1
accept the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
part of the amendment moved by the Senator from
Illinois, and the question is on theamendmentas
modified.
Mr. CLARK. I think something like this bill,
perhaps this very bill, should pass. A great many
claimsof this character have been the past session
before the Court of Claims, and it seems some-
times a matter of some surprise to the Committee
on Claims that the bills were not paid. The
amount had evidently been furnished. We passed
a little bill here last night, I think, for twenty-
five cords of wood. The proof of furnishingtho
wood was clear, but, on inquiry why it was not
paid, it turned out that one regiment had used half
of it and moved off the ground and another regi-
ment had come on and used the other half, and
so no proper voucher was furnished m regard to
the wood. There area great many of these cases
that ought to be provided for, and I do not see
any better way than this to have them examined
m the proper departments.
Tile, amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion which I made
was to stiikc out the whole of the House bill;
but on looking at the first section there is no ob-
jection to it. The first section of the bill is—
That the inn-diction of the Oornt of Claims shall not
extend to oi nu'lude any el um n alnst Ihe United States
tjrovw'iig ont of ihe destruction or appropnation ol or dam-
age to piopuity by the Aimy or Navy, or any part of tiie
Anny oi Nav\, engaged m the Mippie^ion of the lebel-
hon, from the commencement to the clOhC thereof.
I do not think (here is any objection to that. I
understand the Court of Claims does not take
jurisdiction of these cases.
Mr. CLARK. There have been some rumors
that they had or would.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand they aie not
doing it; but I do not want them to do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit to the honorable
member from Illinois that he had better 4eave that
section in, because the House ol Representatives
are under the impression that the court takes
juiisdiction of such cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; I have no ob-
jection. Let my amendment come in striking out
all of the bill after the first section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified if no objection be inter-
posed, the amendment having been agreed to by
the Senate. There is no objection,and it will be
so modified.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following
amendment:
And be it further enacted, That .$;2.>0,000 be paid to the
Older of the repu tentative of the Government of M e.uco
now ieeogruzed by the Government of the United Htat.-s,
n* indemnity to the Government and people of the i" par lie
of Mexico for the. fuilni.'i of this Government to maintain
irsfaiili pledged hy its executive officer* a* extendi, U tome
people and iln- Govei moeni or Mevico,and to the people
and State- of IVoith, South, and Central Ame> iea, and .v-
deelared to the >fnte«< ot Kuiopc, and a- \va- acknowledged
as having the f.uce ot contiau a-, well ,i> of law on both
bid'Js oi the Atlaiitie.
Mi. JOHNSON rose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is entitled to the floor, but will he allow
me to say a word to him through the Chair? I
ask the Senator to allow me to say one word.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Through mc to the
Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator ftom Cali-
fornia crtainly would notembarras-j a biifof thi«
kind with extraneous matter. 1 am sure ho will
not insist on his amendment when lie considers
how anxious some of these poor perrons nsv !o get
