8500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
their money, people whose all—not amounting
perhaps toagreat deal,butyeteverythingto them
—has been taken in many instances by the proper
officers of the Government, but they have had no
pay for it. I trust he will withdraw the amend-
ment and not embarrass this bill at this hour with
it. Just let this little bill go through and offer his
os an independent propositition or in any way
that he pleases afterward.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The amendment I offer
may not be considered as one pertinent to the
pending measure, but i believe it is within the
rules governing the business of the Senrte. in
moving this amendment in this place I feel it duo
to myself to say the subject embraced in the
amendment was brought by me before the Senate
in January last. From'the winter to the sum-
mer solstice, both in committee and on tins floor,
1 have urged consideration of the subject. That
conduct which is governed by the counsel of its
fears has persistently denied me the opportunity
of even expressing my opinions upon the relations
existing between tins Government and France,
Mexico, and Maximilian. It seems strange that
this should be so. 1 can only relate this policy
to the amorousness ofimbecility.
This amendment is a just and proper provis-
ion. I do not hope for its acceptance. I have
rather introduced it that I might enjoy the oppor-
tunity of expressing my profound indignation of
and concerning tiie cowardly crowd ofpohticians
that with one voice fiercely affirm a policy and
in the following moment, in a trembling terror,
say it will not do officially to say the same thing.
Men of such conduct cannot govern any people.
I wish to advise Senators that this subject shall
not be ignored so long as I have a place here,
and that will be for some years, as I can assure
gentlemen 1 have no apprehension of death from
disease or enemies. I will employ every oppor-
tunity to maintain what I hold to be an essential
policy the strategy of opportunity may aflVnd,
and this is not a promise for to-day, but a promi.se
for years.
The questions involved in our French-Mexican
relations are only second to those involved m the
present war, and should be examined firmly and
sternly in (heface. Mr. President, 1 have said
to you, sir, and I desire to say to Senators, that
for one half year I have sought the opportunity
to state what I knew and to reason according to
my convictions on this subject m my place here.
The opportunity has been denied me; the power
to expie-e* this denial has been with the Presiding
Officer and the majority of the Senate. I have
been compelled to regard this denial as an outiage
upon my rights.
Jn this matter the coast to which I belong is
deeply concerned. I understand and know this,
and I will not permit it to be altogether ignored
while 1 havo a voice here, whatever may bo the
policy of the Secietury, who I think belongs more
to Napoleon ill than to the American Republic,
or whatever may be the disposition of the tna-
^oi ity of (his body.
Mr. President, I arn conscious that I know that
had Mr. 'Secretary Seward given the proper warn-
ing to France, had he directed our minister resi-
dent to say to the French Emperor, " Sir, the
Government of the United States will regard the
occupation of Mexico by a French army for po-
litical jesults as an act unfi iendly to the Govern-
ment of the United States of America,French
forces would not have advanced beyond the Gulf
ports. Mr. President,! state a query—Senators
may take time to resolve if: is the foreign See-
retaiy in league with Napoleon MJ, his wife
Eugenie, and Pius IX? if the question stated
could be truly solved 1 am well convinced it would
throw much light upon Amcncan, Spanish, and
Italian policy.
Mr. Adams, a man of talent, a man of force,
a true and firm-spuued American, secured from
England a .sound policy so far as this question
was c-mcernod. With <;reat respect for the lep-
reseotatjve of our Government at the court of
France, I far he was not equal to iho accom-
plish ment of the same insult; at the same time I
feel bound to say the major fault must have been
Wi:h our Secftary at home.
Ttieieure Mime umieilying truths that belong
to nil of our recent foreign diplomacy. Whether
or not it would be w-'li that any person should
nuw umlcitaku to exhurno iheru is a question
about which I entertain grave doubts. The time
is coming when the truth will be valuable and
when the truth will be demanded, and when that
time shall come I cati say, without assuming the
warning voice of a prophet, "Ministers of evil,
beware!"
Mr. President, I did not rise to engage in ar-
gument. I have not attempted to array facts;
feelings deeper than the outlying things that or-
dinarily command discourse have compelled me
to give to my instincts expression. To-night I
stand here as did the elder Cato in the Roman
senate when day after day he denounced, Delenda
est Carthago! I have said and shall continue to
say here, let the legions of France and Austria,
now usurping power in Mexico, be destroyed!
The wings of our own eagle over Mexico! Mex-
ican independence shall be maintained!
Mr. President, so long as i shall live and have
a voice to speak and have strength to give full
utterance to my thoughts, convictions, and fixed
detei minations, 1 shall cry war against the mon-
archical European invaders of our continent, be
they from France, Austria, or any other part af
inhabited Europe.
The infirm, weak, and seemingly sick policy
of this -Government in the management of its for-
eign relations has mantled the cheeks of our citi-
zens with shame; " the fearful commentating" of
our Seeretaiy has not only mantled cheeks but
made'hearts to ache. I trust the disease is not
so incurable as that which'afflicted the wife of
Macbeth, and that yet some wise physician may
be able to " cast the water of this land."
Mr. President, there is terrible apprehension
of foreign war. it may seem like the statement
of a patadox, but I am confident that & foreign
war with France, Spain, or Austria, or with the
entire Holy Alliance, would do us infinite good,
and would tend more to the reestablishment of a
united Confederacy than any scheme ever devised
by our Secretary of War or the late Secretary of
the Treasury.
The privations of the South have increased their
sliength'; the lavish extravagance of the North
has furnished the silken cords which have bound
and do now bind the limbs of the northern giant.
What have we to fear from European arms?
Their fiercest war assault would not endangerus
or strengthen the States in rebellion, i am not
now disposed to reason at length upon thisprop-
osition. The patience of the Senate would at tins
tune be overtaxed, but permit me to assuieSena-
tors that in my opinion i am not in want of suf-
ficient facts and just deductions sufficient for the
establishment of the position I now affirm. 1
look for no war with England; we can never have
a serious war with Great Britain; but 1 cannot
help but think and 1 please to say that I think that
a good, honest war with France would be to us a
present advantage and would prove a blessing to
the world.
Mr. Piesident, I would that I had the oppor-
tunity as I have the disposition to discuss the
whole question*of France in Mexico. I cannot
now so far intrude upon the order of business,
but in conclusion let me again affirm m the spirit
of a strong conviction that no European dynasty
can or shall establish itself within the borders of
the republic of Mexico. No European policies
can oi shall be permuted to interfere with the
condition or policies of the free Srates of Amer-
ica, whether they be North, Central, or South.
I now withdraw the amendment.
Mr- HICKS. 1 desire only to say a word,
Mr. President. I trust that this just and right-
eous bill is not to be defeated by irrelevant amend-
ments 
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment is with-
drawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California withdraws his amendment.
Mr. MICKS. Very well, i will say nothing
as I am anxious to have the bill passed.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that the Senate will
pass this bill aft it is amended. I very deeply re-
gret that they have not passed something better
tor those States which have been subject to in-
] vasion. I pr.-pared Seriate bill No. 259, and it
| was sent to the Judiciaty ComuiKtee, and 1
j thought it fully met the entire ease. The eom-
J nnttee, howevoi, in the exercise of a sound dis-
j cietion as they supposed, sfiuck all of it out and
I inserted two sections winch the Senator from
Illinois has proposed as an amendment to this
House bill. These two sections area kind of
dilutions of the first two sections of my bill.
These sections as far as they go are very well,
but I really can see no reason why a loyal citi-
zen who lives in a rebellious State and whose
property is taken, should be deprived of pay-
ment.
I had provided another provision in the bill to
have a commission to take proof for the purpose
of perpetuating the testimony of damages done
by our armies in those States where they have
been, and also fixing a limitation when the claims
should be presented, which I thought was very
well guarded; and I had intended, if this bill
were taken up, at the proper time to press the
entire bill as introduced by me. I know now at
this late stage of the session we can get nothing
but this thin, diluted whey that the committee
have given us, about a tithe of what I wish, and
so I shall offer no amendment.
All the border States have been subject to very-
great losses. Their property has been taken fre-
quently without any voucher for the purpose of
feeding arid supplying our armies. A great deal
of property has been taken the value of which is
a just claim against the Governaggnt; but Sen-
atois who live without that region do not seem
to appreciate our condition. We have been try-
ing for two years to get some legislation on this
subject. While we think this is inadequate, yet
as it will do some good to some meritoiious per-
sons who have been made utterly penniless by
taking everything they had to feed our armies,
and 1 know ot this late stage of the session we
can get nothing else, I hope the Senate will
promptly pass the bill, and at another session, if
I live, I will try to get the restof my bill through.
The amendments wereordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN POLICY.
Mr. RAMSEY submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be au-
tlioiizeddmin" the recess of the Senate to inquire into and
repoit upon, at the next session of Congress, the policy of
piovidinjj by general law so as to relieve the public domain
of the United States of the possessory titles thereto of the
bcvcial Indian tribe?, and to authouze the executive de-
pmtment, lioni tune to time, to assign to the respective
tribes such reservations a? may be deemed essential, and
to piovide (or their protection or caie; and that in the in-
ve-tigation the committee be m^tiuctPd to inform them-
selves with ie atd to the policy oftbe imperial and eolonlai
authentic of Gieat Britain toward the Indians within their
North Ameiican domain.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILKINSON. Is there any provision
there for paying the expenses of that session of
the committee?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not contemplated that
they will be at any expense.
The resolution was agreed to.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hat, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts and joint resolutions:
An act (S. No. 23) granting lands to the State
of Oregon to aid m the construction of a military
road from Eugene City to the eastern boundary
of said State;
An act (S. No. 73) to amend an act entitled
♦'An act to enable the trustees ot Blue Mont Col-
lege to preempt a certain quarter section of land,"
approved Match 2, 18G2;
An act (S. No. J76) authorizing the erection
of buildings for the branch mint at San Ftan-
cisco;
An act (S. No. 232) in addition to the several
acts concerning commercial intercourse between
the loyal and the insurrectionary States, and to
j piovide for the collection of captured and aban-
I doned property, and the prevention of frauds m
| States declared in insurrection;
j An act (tJ. No. 271) relating to the law of evi-
l dence in the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 22tf) providing for satisfying
chums lor bounty lands, and lot other purposes;
An act (S. No. 278) prescribing the tcims on
wiiiLh exemplifications shall be furnished by the
Genei ai I. mil Orfiep;
An act (S. No. 290) for increased facilities of
