1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
li#
regretted to observe that while this important
question was under consideration, while we were
deliberating whether we should expel a Repre-
sentative of the people for expressing in respect-
ful language his opinionson public questions here,
there were American citizens in this Hall so dead
to what is due to the place and to the questio/i as
to manifest in clamorous applause theirapproval
of the proposition for suppressing free debate
here, Let not the lessons of the French Revolu-
tion be lost upon the American people. The
Chamber of Deputies intended, doubtless, at
the outset to relieve the French people from seri-
ous burdens and give them a free Government.
But by yielding to passion and popular clamor it
soon became nota deliberative body to guide and
control, but a body to register the decrees of the
excited populace. They gave neither freedom nor
peace to the French people, but a despotism arose
out of the disorder which ensued, beneath which
liberty was crushed, and the sons of France were
dragged at the will and to subserve the ambition
of one man over Europe, drenching it with their
blood, and leaving mourning in every household
in France. Let us and our people take warning
of the danger of giving way to passion, excite-
ment, and undue partisan feeling in times like
these. For the sake of our free system of gov-
ernment, and that free discussion among the peo-
ple, and free debate in our legislative bodies,
without which our institutions and liberties can-
not long be maintained, let us disregard popular
clamor and partisan feelings in deciding whether
a Representative of the people shall be expelled
for expressing here in an orderly manner opinions
upon public questions. Heaven forbid that this
Government, under which every citizen has been
protected in his rights and been prosperous and
nappy until this rebellion broke out, should be
overthrown, as many a thoughtful man begins to
fear it may be although his hope and prayer is
that it may not; but if that should be its fate I
for one desire to have the consolation of having
decided every question according to my judgment,
unbiased by the fear of unpopularity on the one
hand or the hope of clamorous applause on the
other.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Long] in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the President's message being under considera-
tion, on an occasion when it was entirely proper
for him to express his views as to the war, did
so. The question is, have we a right to and shall
he be expelled for doing so? I beg of members
to recollect that we are not to pass upon the cor-
rectness of his opinions, or whether we deem
them wise or patriotic. As a Representative, and
honestly entertaining them, had he not a right to
express them here? Had he not a light to try
to convince his fellow-members that his views
were correct and that they were wrong? If not,
then this is not a deliberative body, and debate
here is a farce; no opinions can be expressed
and maintained here unless they are in accord-
ance with the views of the majority. A Repre-
sentative believes the policy which the majority
is pursuing is destructive of the best interests of
the people, ihat it wJl lead to no good result, and
here in the council of the nation, where it is his
right and duty to speak, he proposes and advocates
a different policy. Conceding that he is wrong,
should he be expelled? Has a majority or two
thirds of this House a right to expel him because
they think his views erroneous or unpatriotic?
If so, what becomes of the freedom of discussion?
Where are the rights of minorities here or among
the people? His erroneous views should be con-
troverted by arguments, but we have no right by
expelling to silence him or to attempt to stifle the
voice of his constituents if he speaks their senti-
ments; and whether he does or not is a question
between lnm and them.
If one citizen or a hundred send to this body a
respectful petition praying for precisely what the
member [Mr. Long] has argued, we are bound
to leceive it. At a former period, when the coun-
try was peaceful and happy, when there seemed
to be no reason for talking of dissolving this
Union and no possible contingency to warrant
agitation for that purpose, petitions by citizens of
Massachusetts, praying for a dissolution of the
Union, were sent to Mr. Adams, a Representative
inthis body; he presented them and moveda com-
mittee for their consideration; and when there was
an attemptmade to expel or censure him those who
made it were abashed and cowed by the-excoria-
tion which they received as the eloquent old man
vindicated the right of petition in the citizen and
the right and duty of the Representative to pre-
sent his petition here. If a petition to dissolve
the Union then could be presented, surely it may
be now; and if the people have a right to present
a petition they have a right to send a Represent*
ative here to advocate their views in proper terms,
and we have no right to expel hinl for doing so.
But without regard to precedents, upon the prin-
ciples that underlie the Government and which
must be recognized in this as a deliberative legis-
lative body,examine thequestion. Thecountry
is engaged in a war to suppress a rebellion. It has
become a fearful war in-the destruction of life and
property. A Representative of a portion of the
people who are waging this war, on a suitable oc-
casion for the consideration of the question, argues
to this body that the war should not be further
prosecuted; that it will not be successful in re-
storing the Union of the Slates, and that the in-
dependence of the insurgents should be acknowl-
edged, and peace thus secured. We think his
proposition unwise and unpatriotic. But the ques-
tion is one of the questions to be decided by this
House. Every time we vote supplies to maintain
the Army we decide in favor of continuing the
war to put down the rebellion, and try to restore
and preserve the Union under the Constitution.
Is the member from Ohio [Mr. Long] to be ex-
pelled for differing from the majority, or even for
diffenng with every other member on this ques-
tion which comes properly before us for decision?
If so, it will occur that in exciting times, in re-
gard to vital questions of puhhc policy, the Rep-
resentative who feels bound to advocate unpop-
ular views will not be overborne by reason and
argument, but will beexpelled and thus silenced.
You will have no debate except that which runs
in the one groove, the majority silencing by mere
numerical power all who oppose them. 1 do not
wish to see such a state of things in this country
within or without this House.
Take, for instance, the last war with Great
Britain. We went to war, the whole nation went
into that war, in the right spirit, saying that we
would carry it on until Great Britain gave up the
claim she made of taking oursailors from beneath
our flag because they were born upon her soil.
We carried on that war for the purpose of forcing
her to acknowledge that our flag protected those
beneath it. We believed, and we had the right
to believe, that it was due to us to carry on that
war until our flag should be respected. Yet if a
man had come into this Hall and advanced the
argument that we had better let them take our
sailors from beneath our flag rather than further
to carry on the war, although such an argument
would have been strongly against the popular
feeling, although the people believed it to be un-
patriotic and wrong, yet could you expel a man
for arguing that which he believed to be right?
During that war I recollect a man by the name
of Jeremiah Mason,one oftheablest lawyers sent
from jNtcw England to the Congress then sitting
in this Capitol. I read a speech made by him not
long since, in which he alleged that the then pro-
posed conscription act was unconstitutional and
tyrannical; that he believed the people would re-
sist it, and that they ought to resist it. Yet no-
body attempted to expel him. It might well have
been claimed that this language was seditious,
especially in time of war. I do not refer to these
illustrations as precisely parallel cases. I meiely
refer to them for the purpose of saying that
whether this Representative [Mr. Long] is right
or wrong, whether we think him patriotic or oth-
erwise, whether we think him one way or the
other as to loyalty, the question is, and the only
question before us is, can we expel a member
here because he believes a certain policy wise and
gets up in this Hall and advocates it?
Mr. Speaker, if that shall come to be the rule
of action in representative bodies like this, then,
believe me, the reign of faction, clamor, and dis-
order will follow. Not thatsuch isthe intention,
or that such will be the immtdiate result, but we
shall have stricken down that honest and fearless
discussion which is the life of liberty. Why, sir,
if the members of this House are to be intimi-
dated for advocating acourse of policy which they
believe to be right, from fear of expulsion or from
fear of censure by this body, then the minority
will have surrendered all their rights, or, if they
do not, there will be nothing but efforts to expel
them. I believe it should be a very remarkable'
case to justify us in passing censure upon arrjr
gentleman occupying a seat upon this floor, sent
from any constituency within a loyal State, for",
words decorously spoken expressing his opinion*
in debate. Although he may express what I be?
Heve to be wrong, what I believe to be taost un-
patriotic, what i believe to be against the freSt in-
terests of the Government, and contrary to oux
duty as Representatives, 1 would not censure hira
for the expression of such opinion. F wbuld
rather beartheevil which may result from the ex-
pression of improper sentiments, than to inaugu-
rate here the principle that because two thirds of
us differ with a Representative we will drive him
out of the Hall, instead of arguing and voting him
down. That is not the theory or practice which
I have supposed wise to inaugurate under our
Government. 1 have supposed that as long as
members were debating subjects under consider-
ation, no matter what views they might express
as to the policy of the Government, it was not
wise or right for us to censure or expel them for
the expression of erroneous or improper opinions.
The Constitution declares that" Congress shall
make no law abridging the freedom of speech or
of the press." If the opinions of the gentlemaft
from Ohio [Mr. Long] can be expressed or dis-
cussed anywhere m the country, they certainly
may be here. Can we rightfully prohibit the people
at home, far away from the Army, where they
cannot create any special injury, from express-
ing the opinions expressed here by him? Cer-
tainly not. Upon what principle then can we
expel him for uttering them here? This isthe body
to decide upon questions of peace or war, upon
all questions of public policy, and is a Represent-
ative to be expelled or punished by a resolution
of censure for expressing his opinions on thesa
subjects? Mr. Lincoln himself said there must
be an end of all wars; that we could not fight al-
ways. 1 trust the time will never come when we
must surrender the hope of restoring and preserv-
ing this Union. But unless we shall be able to
bring this war to a successful close withis a rea-
sonable time, no man doubts that the question of
having peace upon other terms than the restora-
tion of the Union under the Constitution will hav6
to be discussed and decided. I hope that by suc-
cess in the field and wisdom in our councils such
a question will be avoided; that we shall succeed
in reestablishing the authority of the Constitution
and bring those in rebellion under its authority.
But I do not believe it will tend to that result to
expel a member for holding a different opinion
from ourselves. I do not think we shall restore
the Union by occupying the time of the House
in turning Representatives of the people out of
this Hall for opinions expressed on a subject
under debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, since
a disposition has been manifested to avoid the
question befoie the House, I desire to call your
attention to that question before I follow the gen-
tlemen on the other side in the rather irrelevant
discussion in which they have indulged. It is
not whether in the House of Representatives of
the United States of America freedom of opinion
is secured by law, nor whether the freedom of
speech and of the press is the constitutional right
of the American citizen, but whether the gentle-
man who delivered the speech now in question
us a fit and woiihy member of this House; not
whether, out of doors, in his private capacity, ho
would be entitled to entertain and as an individual
to express the opinions which he has uttered here,
but whether as a legislator charged to protect the
interests of the people, sworn to maintain the Con-
stitution of the United Slates, he has not avowed
a purpose inconsistent with those duties, a reso-
lution not to maintain but to destroy; a determin-
ation not to defend but to yield up undefended
to the enemies of the Ui ited Stales what he was
sent here to protect. Ihat is the question, and
that is the only question which has not been dis-
cussed by tire defenders of the gentleman from
Ohio.
They tell #s words cannot be the subject of ani-
madversion under the rules of this House, nor
under the Constitution ofthe United States! What
becomes of the resolution declaring the member
