2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FE'SSENDEN. We have not finished the
Committee's amendments yet.
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps the Senator from Ken-
tucky wants his amendment printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator from Kentucky
can give notfce of his amendment and have it
printed.
Mr. POWELL. My amendment is to repeal
the law giving bounties to vessels engaged in the
cod-fisheries.
The PRESIDING-OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky can be re-
ceived and laid upon the table, to be acted upon
when in order.
^ Mr,POWELL. I will keep it until the proper
time. I notify the Senate that I will offer it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn,
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
  1—
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
^ Friday, May 2\18C4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. James I. Ferrie.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I am directed
by the Committee for the District of Columbia to
ask the House to set apa'rt a day far the consid-
eration of business relating to the District of Co-
lumbia. I would suggest next week Thursday,
after the morning hour.
Mr. FENTON. Say Friday.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I have no ob-
jection to that.
No objection being made, Friday next, after
th(S mormng'hour, was set aside for the consider-
ation of business Relating to the District of Co-
lumbia.
MARINE HOSPITAL AT CHICAGO.
Mr. ARNOLD, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize the Sccietary of the
Treasury to sell the marine hospital at Chicago,
and to soloct a new Kite theiefor; whirh wax tead
a first and second time, and refi-rred to the Com-
. mittee on Commerce.
TARIFF BILL,
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to increase the duties on imports, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and second
time by its title, ordered to be printed, and its
consideration postponed until next Tuesday after
the morning hour.
MESSAGE FROM TJIE.SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foukey,
their Secretary, informed the Blouse that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 285) to l-pgulate the
veto power in the Territory of Washington^ in
which the concurrence of the House was re-
quested.
„ EXECUTION OF TREATIES.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the execution of trea-
ties between the United States and foreign nations
respecting consular jurisdiction over the crews of
vessels of such foreign nations in the-waters and
ports of the United States; which was read afirst
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON subsequently entered a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. I move that when the
House adjourns it adjourn to meet on Monday
next. 1
Mr. SPALDING.
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. « !
The question was put; and it was decided in i
the affirmative—yeas 61, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS-Mcssrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Bos-
nian, Uiss, Brooks, Broomall, James S. Brown, William
G. Brown, Ohanlcr, Cole, Cravens, Croswoll, Hem v Win-
ter Davis, Deming, Uixon„Donnelly,Edi^i,Ed er[ori Eld-
riflge, English, Fcnto", Ganson, Grider, Griswold Hale
Hat ding, Hariington, Holmau, Hotchkiss, Hatching, III-
gcrs-oll, Kalbfleisjch, Le Blond, Loan, Longyear, MaUory
MWdleton, Moorheati, James It. Morris, Morrison,Nelson'
May 27,
Upon that I demand the
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Piuyn, Kobinson,
James S. Rollins, Shannon, Smith, John I}. Steele, Wil-
liam G. Steele, Stiles, Tracy, Van Valkenburgh, Wads-
wort-h. Elilm B. Washbume,~ Whaley, Wheeler, Williams,
and Woodbridge—(il.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baily, Augustus
C. Baldwin, Brandegee, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Dawes, Driggs, Eekley,Eliot, Finek, Frank, (Jnoeli,
Herrick, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Kernan, Lazear, Long, Marey, Marvin, McDow-
ell, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moirill, Amos Myers,
Orth, Patterson, Perli.nn, Pomeroy, Price, William II. Ran-
dall, Edward H, Uollins, Scofield, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Upson, William B. Washburn,
Chllion A. White, Jo-eph W. White, Wilson, Windoui,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—52.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
-by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRANKED MATTER.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the Senate bill in
relation to franked matter, for the purpose of
having it considered now. It will require but a
moment's time.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No. 348) in
relation to franked matter was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second time
by its title.
The bill, which was read, provide® that all com-
munications relating to the official business of
the Department to which they are addressed, of
whatever origin, addressed to the chiefs of the
several Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, or to such principal officers of each Ex-
ecutive Department, being heads of bureaus or
chief clerks, or one duly authorized by the Post-
master General to frank official matter, shall be
received and conveyed by mail free of postage
without being indorsed "official business" or
with the name of the writer.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote by
winch ihe bill was passed; and also moved tojay i
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER, as the regular order of busi-
ness, proceeded to cajl the committees for reports
of a private nature, commencing with the Com-
mittee of Claims.
D. McV. STUART.
Mr. BROWN, of West. Virginia, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of D. McV. Stuart; which was read a first
lind second time, referred to the Committee of the'
Whole on the Private Calendar, and the bill and
accompanying report ordered to be printed.
HORACE E. DMMICK.
Mr. BROWN, of West Virginia, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Horace E. Dimmick; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the private Calendar, and the bill and
accompanying report ordered to be printed.
rifACTICE IN COURTS OP JUSTICE.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to prescribe the practice in courts of
justice in certain cases; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
C. J. FIELD AND C. P. CLAY.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief ot C. J, Field and C. F. Clay; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
WILLIAM BlUNDLE.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, from the
Committee of Claims, also reported a bill for the
relief of William Brindle, which was read a first
and second time.
The bill provides that there be allowed to Wil-
liam Brindle, late receiver of public moneys at Le-
compton, Kansas, for extra clerk hire and office
rent, as settled and allowed by the Secretary of
the Interior, under the act of Congress of 18th of
August, 1856, §4,703. '
Mr. HALE. I ask that the bill be put on its
passage. It does not take any money out of the
Treasury; he is indebted to the Government to
thisamount, and the bill only settleshis accounts.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thcgentle-
man from Pennsylvania says that the biU does
not take money out of theTreasuiy. Now, if
this bill be not passed, will not this man have to
pay this amount into the Treasury?
Mr. HALE. I suppose he will, but it is not
likely under the circumstances that any admin-
.isfration of the Government will require him to
do so. The Secretary of the Interior states that
this expense was incurred under an act of Con-
gress, and that this man is entitled to this amount.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
will judge for itself on th?facts whether it was
authorized or not. 1 oppose this bill with no
expectation of success. But I wish to call the
attention of the House to the items, so that we
may act understanding^ in reference to voting
away this money. *
Mr. HALE. Th is same amount was paSsed
in one of the general appropriation bills, and
failed at the last hours of the session on account
of the want of time. It passed then and perhaps
fought to pass now in that shape.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest
to the gentleman that as there is no report from
the committee this bill had better be recommitted
and come back to us with a report of all the facts,
and then be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HALE. The'Secretary of the Interior
recommends the appropriation because this man
was authorized^ to incur this expense by act of
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.' This man
was an officer of the Government untler a salary.
Mr. HALE. The actof Congress authorized
the employment of additional clerk hire, ami an
appropriation is necessary to pay for that clerk •'
hire.
Mr. FENTON. I hope that my friend from
Pennsylvania will consent to have this matter
take the direction suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. HALE. The report of the Secretary of
the Interior states all the facts in the case.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If there be
such a law, as is alleged, authorizing the pay-
ment of office rent and extra clerk hire, then it
must be within the power of the Secretary of the
Interior to allow it without the passage of this
bill. And I would like to know, if under the
law of 1856 this man was entitled to pay for clerk
hire and rent, why it has not been paid bv the
General Land Office.
Mr. HALE. I send the law to the gentleman
. Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will lead
it. The seventh section is as follows; «
Spc. 7. Jini he it further enacted, That in the settlement
of the accounts of registers and receiveis of the public laud
offices, the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authoiized to allow, subject to the approval of Congress,,
Shell reasonable compensation Cor additional clerical ser-
vices and extraordinary expenses incident to said offices as
he shall think just and proper, and repoit to Congress all
such eases of allowance at each succeeding session, with
estimates of the suin orsunis required to pay the same.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
this act or provision was adopted for the purpose
of giving Congress the revision in regard to the
allowance of these items. The ease now comes
before us under that law for our revision, and I
take it that if it comes in as a claim under thatlaw
it should come in in a regular appropriation bill.
Thcletteruponwhich thisproceedingis founded
was written in 1861 by Moses Kelly, who was
then acting Secretary of the Interior in place of
Jacob Thompson, who turned traitor and left the
Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan, and it was addressed
to Robert W. Johnson,of Arkansas, who also
turned traitor and left the Government. Here
are the items set forth in this letter of Mr. Kel-
ly, upon which Congress is to pass: for rent fiom
1857 to 1860, $1,145; and for extra clerks, §440.
Mr. HALE. The Secretary of the Interior, in
obedience to the act of Congress, has settled these
claims, and has reported the fact that so much
money is needed to pay them, and now Congress
ismerely called upon to carry out the recommend-
ation of its own officer. I know of no reason why
the claim should not be passed, and I therefore
move the previous question.
