1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
and delicate, which touches all thegreatinterests
of the country, which ought not to be treated in
any hasty or perfunctory style, which should be
handled always with supremest caution, and
which, at the present moment, is almost a ques-
tion of life and death, is still to be considered by
the Senate, and yet Senators are Willing, by fixing
the hour of adjournment, to "crib and cabin'*
this most important debate to the limits of a few
hours; I would almost say minutes. Why, sir,
it has not yet been finally acted on in the other
House, and we know not when it can reach us.
But we know well that whenever it does reach
the Senate the whole vast subject of taxation will
be open again. It is understood that the propo-
sition now pending in the other House is for an
increased income tux. In other times, when Sen-
ators had not such uncontrollable longings for
home, such a proposition would have been ap-
proached with beegmmg care. But this is not the
only question involved. It has been proposed to
tax tobacco in the leaf, and thus add millions to
the revenue. And then we have again the perpet-
ually recurring question of a tax of whisky on
hand, destined to bring into our exchequer yet
other millions.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have we not considered
that?
Mr. SUMNER. That, I understand, at this
moment is under consideration in the other
House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has itnotbeen under con-
sideiation for months?
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it has; but it is
under consideration still. The- two Houses, as
the Senator knows well, have differed on the
question. The other House has been for the tax
of whisky on hand. The Senate has steadfastly
resisted the tax. But it is not too lute for the
Senate to yield, especially when the necessity of
moie money is apparent, and the distinguished
head of the Treasury—or, let me say, the late
head—has, in a formal communication, recom-
mended this very tax. There is no way in which
so much money can be got so easily, so justly.
Let Congress Ntay together until the tax is hud.
At ail events, do not leave without considering it
again in the new light. This is my answer to
the Senator from Illinois.
But if you are unwilling to tax whisky on
hand or tobacco, then find something else to tax.
But tax you must. Tax, because of the neces-
sity of the case. Tax, because the people ask to
dp taxed. For the first time m history the phe-
nomenon has occurred that the people rise up as
.one man and demand to be taxed. Unless I err
greatly, this is the cry from every quarter. I
know it is the cry from my part of the country,
ft is a patuotic cry, because the people believe
Anther taxation to be essential to the national
credit and the safety of the country. All honor
to the people for this invitation to Congress!
And now Congrpss is about to leave—to flee
away—without performing this essential duty. A
tax bill has been passed, which, already before
going into operation, is pronounced inadequateby
Mr. Chase in an official communication. And
yet in the face of this declaration Senators are
willing to go home. It is said we need some hun-
dred million dollars more; and yet, in the face of
this asserted necessity, and in the face of that
generous demand from every part of the country
which Congress ought not to hesitate to gratify,
it is now proposed that we should abdicate and go
home.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me a moment*
Mr. SUMNER,. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator says that
there is uigent demand throughout the country
for additional taxation. Certainly he must ap-
ply those remaiks to the northern States, for I
have hfnrd no demand in the West to put a tax
on leuf tobacco. I believe there is no such de-
mand; I am satisfied there is none. If there is
a dor land in the northern States for increased tax-
ation, 1 desire to ask him why he did not vote for
the additional tax proposed by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] on manufactuies?
Mi. SUM N ER. 1 answer, because at the time
when it was proposed I thought it was not prac-
ticable.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Fiesident 
Mr. SUMNER. Let me finish. I will give
the Senator from Kentucky a fair opportunity in
one moment.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to ask a question.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I will answerit.
Mr. DAVIS. The question I ask the honor-
able Senator is, whether he is not mistaken as to
the subject of this great demand of the country;
whether instead of being taxed it is not to have
slavery abolished everywhere? [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. Unquestionably there is a
great demand to have slavery abolished every-
where, thank God; I present petitions daily with
this prayer; but another demand of the country
at this moment is to make the war practical and
efficient by all needed supplies; and, as I have
said, the people for the first time in history ask
to be taxed.
Mr. DAVIS. Where are your petitions from
the people for it?
Mr. SUMNER. Petitions! They will be found
in the public press, and in the communications of
constituents. Petitions are not needed. Gentle-
men have arrived here to-night fresh from the
people, who are in themselves more than "peti-
tions." They insist that there must be more
taxation. But this is not all. Here is a tele-
graphic dispatch which I have received this even-
ing, signed by the first business men of Massa-
chusetts, in these words:
To Hon. Charles Sumnlr:
It will be simply an act of madness-for Congress to ad-
journ without passing bill? for laige additional raves, and
such other meaoiues as the exi>ung financial ciisis de-
mands.
Language could not be stronger. Surely I do
not err when I say that Congress ought not to
turn a deaf ear to this unprecedented prayer. At
least it ought to be considered. For myself, I
wish not only to consider it, but to supply the
desired taxation, and I ask that Congress shall
continue in these seats until the good work is done.
Nhy,more, sir, I protest against any desertion of
these seats until the good work is done.
The great contest m which we are now engaged
depends not only upon General Grant in the field,
butupon Congress tdso. If Congiess fails to sup-
ply the needed means vain is victory, vain are
all the toils of many haid-fought fields. It is
through these means supplied by Congress that
the future is to be made secure. Do not deceive
yourselves by saying that you have already taxed
the country. The lute distinguished Secretary
of the Treasury, in an authoritative communica-
tion, insists that moi c means arc needed. Do not
set liicn aside without at least considering his
recommendation. On such an occasion, when per-
haps the life of the country is in question—when
suiely the national ciedit is at stake—err, if err
you must, on the side of prudence.
Mr. President, it is natural that Senators who
have been engaged for months in the labors of an
anxious session should be glad to escape from
the confinement and heat of Washington. I sym-
pathize with them. I long togoaway. I wish to
leave Washington. Did I allow myself to take
counsel of personal inclinations 1 should be among
the most earnest of those who now cry out for an
adjournment. Born on the sea-shore, accustomed
to the sea air, 1 am less prepaied than many of
my friends to endure the climate here. I feel per-
ceptibly its sultry heats, and i long for the taste
of salt in the atmosphere. Nor am I insensible
to other influences. What little remains to me of
homeand friendship is far away from here, where
1 was born. But home, friendship, and sea-shore
must not tempt me at this hour. Lord Bacon tells
us in sti iking and most suggestive phrase, " the
duties of life are more than life." But if ever
there was a time when the duties of a Senator
weie supreme above all other things, so that
temptation of all kinds should be trampled under
foot, it js now.
Mr. WADE. T am satisfied that we ought not
at this time to fix a time for the final ad journ-
ment. I therefore move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a short
executive session. We have quits a number of
executive messages.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the motion
to adjourn withdrawn?'
Mi. WADE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to proceed to the consideration of
executive business.'
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not; Let us vote
on the resolution for adjournment and fix a day.
I think it is time we did it.
Mr. POMEROY. We have put it off three
or four times. I hope we shall now have a vote
upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question'
is on the motion of the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts.
The motion was not agreed to; there being,on.
a division—ayes 15, noes 20.
Mr. WILKINSON. What is the question
now before the Senate?
The PRESIDENTjwo tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senatorfrom
Kansas to the resolution in regard to the final ad-
journment.
Mr. WILSON. What is the time proposed
to be fixed ?
Mr. WILKINSON. Twelve o'clock on Mon-
day.
Mr. WILSON. I move to substitute Tuesday .
I would not think of adjourning on Monday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kansas moves to amend the resolution by
striking out " Thursday, the 30th of June, in-
stant,"and inserting " Monday, the 4th of July."
The Senator from Massachusetts moves to amend
the amendment by striking out "Monday, the
4th," and inserting " Tuesday, the 5th of July."
Mr, CONNESS. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn, and upon that motion f call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILKINSON. Ishallvotcfortheamend-
ment of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts; but I
do not think that Congress ought to be in haste
to adjourn. In my opinion the information we
have received during the last two or three days
should admonish Congress that there is something
yet to be done before it adjourns. It is evident
that sufficient, adequate means to carry on the
Government have not yet been devised by this
Congress. I received a letter only this morning
fiom a col lector of internal revenue, who informed
me that if the tax upon whisky on hand was not
laid by this Congress there would not be a dollar
collected for the next thirty months; that there
was now a stock on hand sufficient to last thirty
months; and in my humble judgment that is true.
The question, the simple question, and the only
question is, whether the Government of the Uni-
ted Slates shall have the revenue that can be de-
rived from the increased taxation that is laidupon
whisky, or whether this immense amount of
money shall go into the pockets of a few specu-
lators who have gathered up the whisky. For-
merly I followed the Committee on Finance on
this question; but I am satisfied that 1 have been
wrong in this regard; and, in my humble judg-
ment, it would be criminal in the Congressof the
United States in this emergency, the greatest
emergency that ever visited any nation, to ad-
iourn at this time without providing the ways and
means for the suppression of this rebellion. That
is my impression.
1 should like to get home; I am as anxious to
get home as any Senator here; I do not wish to
stay here; but, in my humble judgment, it ia
wrong for Senators, when they have a fixed sal-
ary, to adjourn and go home without discharging
their full duty to their country, merely because
it is a little cheaper to live at home than to live
here, or a little more pleasant to be at home than
to be here. I have no doubt that the Senate is
against me on this proposition, but still 1 felt it
to Ue my duty to say this much upon this ques-
tion.
Mr. HENDERSON. I merely rise for the pur-
pose of expressing the hope that the Senate will
fix some *ime of adjournment. If the House of
Representatives is engaged at present in the prep-
aration of an additional tax bill, founded upon the
suggestions of the Secrptary of the Treasury,
most assuredly, if they intend to pa.ss it, they can
pass it to-night and send- it here, and by Monday
at twelve o'clock we can act upon it definitely.
Whether it be important for us to icuriam here
for the passage of a bill of that sort is another
| question. In my judgment it is not important
1 at all
