1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1862 is wise orunwise, constitutional orunconsti-
tuUonal, unjustor merciful, creditable to the civil-
ization of the high noon of the century, or a re-
lapse into bai b?insm,are not questions upon which
we arc now called to pass judgment. When some
gentleman opposed to the policy established by
timt act can so far defy the loyal people of this na-
tion as to introduce a bill to repeal the act, these
questions can be with propriety discussed. But
they are demanding no attention at our hands
now. The measure before us excludes them all
from the bounds of legitimate discussion. We are
dealing with another question, as I shall endeavor
to show before I conclude my remarks.
The main object with gentlemen on the other
side of the House has been to avoid the question
presented by the joint resolution by tnlkingabout
something else, taking in their range almostevery
subject from a bloody-handed traitor to an unborn
babe. The effort to avoid the issue upon which
we are to pass has been studiously arid persist-
ently pursued. But, sir, I do not intend to let this
system of opposition succeed because gentlemen
have raised a cloud of dust, composed of parti-
cles of almost every foreign subject, undei cover
of which to eseapc. The fact shall appear patent
to the whole country that they stand here object-
ing to ail application of the penalties which the
Constitution has provided for the punishment of
traitors to the Government to those wicked men
who have filled this whole land with soirow and
mourning, and dotted our broad dominion with
the graves of liberty's martyrs. A pi etended re-
spect for the teachings of our advanced civilization,
an assumed teverence for the great humanitarian
principles of the age, an arrogated love for the
divine attubute of mercy cannot shield them from
that just condemnation which is due to all who
stand between tins imperiled nation and the just
exercise of its admitted powers in the great trial
to which the old-time allies of the opposers of this
resolution have subjected it. I would not be harsh
beyonff the just measure of the hour; but my pa-
tience has been exhausted by this prolonged effoit
to shield rebels from the infliction of the minted
punishment which their unpaialleled crimes in-
voke, and which the opposers of this measure
admit may he inflicted without breach of our na-
tional Constitution, which admission shall stand
in proof against them before I conclude; and, sir,
this admission shall perform the additional office
of lodgingagainstthe Constitution every denunci-
ation and blow which has been aimed at the joint
resolution. The other side of the House shall
stand as the paity assaulting the Constitution, not
this side. This shall be the attitude of the case,
or the gentlemen who sit over the way must ad-
mit that their denunciations of the joint resolu-
tion are void of sincerity, and wholly without
justification; and I care not which position they
assume, for both are bad enough, and either is
discomfiture and defeat to them.
The positions assumed by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mv. CoxJ are substantially those of every
other member who has spoken in opposition to
this joint resolution. His premises have been
adopted by all the rest; and by them all may be
tested. They are all sailing in the same leaky
and dilapidated boat. The treacherous craft was
constiueied and launched by him, and his crew
has headed her on the shoals since her first sail-
ing. Rudder and compass she has had none, and
she belongs to the confederate navy.
The gentleman from Ohio told us that the Con-
stitution of the United States does not authorize
the forfeiture of real estate m fee simple, that the
words, u no attainder of treason shall work cor-
ruption of blood, or forfeiture except duung the
life of the person attainted," absolutely prohibit
the foi feiture of realty in fee simple, and based
his aigumcnt on the &mi#ation contained in the
words ''except during the life of the person at-
tainted." This he solemnly affirmed as his be-
lief. How sincerely he believes it, and howsin-
ceiely those believe it who have since iciterated
it, I will endeavor to show as I progress with my
remaiks.
I would not do the gentleman injustice; and that
I may not misstate his position, i quote from his
speech as follows;
" It seems to have been adopted by the dominant party
m this House that this eonrise.mun <yatem shrill, if pos>i-
ble, be cained out in the South. They cannot do it ai;d
make it effective under the Conatituinni. Tlieymmtduil
over that instrument and in spite of limitations. AH the
forfeiture which they can obtain under the Constitution is
simply the life estate of thos e who are convicted of'treason;
and, as that lite estate is no longer than tne halter with
which a man is hung, the results would not be worth the
pains."
Early in his speech the gentleman assured us
that this was his understanding of the Constitu-
tion. Doubtless he gave utterance to the convic-
tion which directed his judgment at the moment;
but the conviction gave way and his judgment
stood reversed before he had progressed far with
his remarks. In no other way can I account for
his subsequent attacks on the joint resolution un-
der consideration, unless I should charge him with
wantof sincerity in stating his construction of the
Constitution. The latter would be uncharitable,
perhaps unparliamentary, but most likely true.
When the gentleman came to speak of the joint
resolution, he told us:
"This bill readies beyond the guilty traitor,and involves
by a ponhtunous punishment the innocent find good,ay,
even tin; unboi n innocents. It indicts on tile children of
the guilty tilt' punishment due to the parents; and thegen-
tleman lrom Indiana, who seems from his speech and coun-
tenance to In: benevolent, shows that in fact he pal takes of
the ferocious humanity of the hour by aiguing in tavor of
a bill to punish the lnofiensive otispuilg of the traitor;-."
Further on the gentleman renews his attack in
these words:
" I am ".hocked that in this age and in this country and
m this Iiou?e I am required to stand up before the Ameri-
can people, and, as a matterof pure philanthropy an/1 com-
mon decency, protest against the cruel and remorseless
character ot bills of tins kind, and to defend the rights of
tho^ who have committed 110 crime, but upon whom itis
pioposcd to visit, after the death of the parent, the crimes
of the ancestors."
Sir, the "common decency" which " required"
the gentleman to make these attacks on the joint
resolution, in view of his own construction of the
Constitution, was enough tosliockany man,and
1 do not wonder that he felt " shocked." But J
am inclined to the opinion that it was the conflict
between his own positions which "shocked " him,
and not the character of the resolution; for the
conflict was certainly as great as the " decency"
ofthe attack was "common."
The joint resolution was printed; he had it be-
fore Mm; he had rend it; and found ill it this lan-
guage:
"Nor shall any punishment or proceeding under said act
be so construed as to vvoik a lorleiluie of tile estate ofthe
offender, except duilllg his life."
This is the constitutional limitation repeated.
The joint resolution follows the Constitution; and
yet the gentleman would have us believe him sin-
cere when he tells us that certain words used in
the Constitution forbid the foi feiture of real es-
tate 111 fee Simple, but that the same words, when
used ill a joint resolution of Congress, authorize
the forfeiture of leal estate absolutely and forever,
and cull upon him "as a matter of pure philan-
thropy and cnmmon*decency to protest" against
the gient outrage of overriding the Constitution
of the United Stales with a congressional joint
resolution, thus placing, by his peculiar system
of reasoning, a joint resolution of Congress above
and beyond the Constitution. Did ever man in-
vent a more absurd proposition? Can it be a mat-
ter of surpi ise that the gentleman was "shocked,"
"shocked" by the unsurpassed absurdity of his
own proposition ?
S11, the gentleman need not be alarmed. His
associates may repose in perfect tranquillity and
undisturbed security. We propose to give them
"the Constitution as it is"—nothing more, noth-
ing less. It may be that this is just the thing they
do not want. I think most likely this is the case;
for their opposition to the proposed use of the
language of the Constitution eudences the exist-
ence of a fear in their minds that the Constitution
is against them. Indeed, sir, 1 will go further,
and say that this fear lias quickencd into a con-
viction and lipened into the fruit of an unqualified
admission that the Constitution is against them
and receivrs on its firm breast all of the malig-
nant shafts which have been limled at the joint
resolution. It is the Constitution which these
gentlemen have denounced, not the joint resolu-
ti"ii. May we not soon expect the gentleman
fiom OliVf, [Mr. Cox.] in response to the require-
ment of " common decency," to rise in his place
and " protest against the cruel and remoiseless
clnuacter" of the Constitution ? The long line of
«enerationsof " unboi 11 innocents," whose guard-
ian lie seems to be, stands 111 danger from the free
exercise of the powers of the .Constitution, soon
to be unfettered by the passage of this resolution.
And as the gentleman cannot climb over the Con-
stitution nor push it out of its firm and faithful
track, it would be well for him to cast himself be-
fore it and let it pass over him,, that he may die.a
martyr to the doctrine that leniency toward rebels
is of more importance to this nation than that
stern justice which demands that the full measure
of punishment shall be meted out to the traitors
who have written three years of this country's
history in the best blood of the Republic.
It may be that some gentlemen on the other side
of the House do not believe thatthe Constitution
will permit tJie forfeiture of real estate in fee sim-
ple. Of course this remark does not apply to the
gentlemen over there who have spoken upon the
joint resolution; for they have all denounced the
"cruel and remorseless" terms of the Constitu-
tion which are copied into the resolution because
they do authorize such forfeiture. But all ofthosa
who have not spoken may not concur in this
opinion of their political associates, and therefore
it may be proper for me to further remind them
that the resolution is not the monster it has been
represented to be. It is nq^a legislative Pro-
crustes, insisting that all things must conform to
its inexorable measure of length; stretching con-
stitutions and cutting off the legs of political con-
fessions of faith so as to fit all to its unyielding
bed. It neither affiims nor denies any proposi-
tion which has been advanced on either side of
the House. It does not attempt to construe the
Constitution, nor does it require any one to sur-
render his opinions concerning that instrument.
Those persons only who are opposed to the Con-
stitution have any reason to declaim against this
resolution. You have all had it before you. You
have all read it, and know that its office is de-
clared in these plain words:
" This amendment being intended to limit the operation
and effect of the said resolution and act, and the same are
hereby iimited,onlyso far as to make them conformable to
section three of article three of the Constitution of the
United States."
This does not read'ljke an attempt to give a
legislative construction to the Constitution, or a
demand upon sensitive gentlemen to surrender
their convictions as to the true intent and meaning
of that instrument. There could be no plainer
declaration of an intention to conform the law to
the Constitution than this. But this is the "cruel
and remorseless" proposition which so sadly
"shocked" the sensitive organization of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,J and produced such
painful effects 011 the minds of those of his asso-
ciates who, like him, believe in "the Constitution
as it is." lam sorry for them, and deeply regret
that they have so poor an opinion of the Consti-
tution they profess to adore.
Sir, the supporters of this joint resolution do
not claim that their construction of the Constitu-
tion shall be embodied in the law, nor do they in-
sist upon excluding that which is entertained by
others. The proposition has all the time been to
place the language of the Constitution in the law,
and then submit the whole to the courts for inter-
pretation. And I am surprised, almost "shockcd,"
10 find gentlemen who have so persistently in-
sisted on the infallibility oftheeourts now shrink-
ing from an application of their long-cherished
doctrine. Why fear the Constitution? Why
shrink from the courts? Is it because old friends
are 111 danger from both? Is it because those who
" wait and watch over the border" of this rebel-
lion are more anxious to preserve the friendship
of the men whose treason has carried sorrow to
almostevery loyal hearthstone than theyare todo
their duty to their country in this its sorest trial?
Are these the causes which " shock" gentlemen
on the other side, and cause them to regard the
Constitution as a " cruel and remorseless "instru-
ment? Are these the things which make them
tremble before the courts? If not, why do they
refuse 10 support this joint resolution?
We have been told that a forfeiture of real es-
tate in fee simple is unconstitutional. We allege
that it is not. Here is an issue joined, a grave
constitutional issue. Who shall decide it? The
joint resolution now before the House says, " the
courts." The supporters of the resolution say,
"the courts." Gentlemen 011 the other side of the
House have been accustomed to give the same an-
swer in regard to every question arising under the
