1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
question of opinion. It may be such. If it be,
it is one of those questions of opinion that no-
body in this country has a right to be on move
than one side of. On one fide is patriotism, duty,
and an oath. On the other is treason, crimc,and
perjury. Is it our duty for the protection of a
man®in his opinion to allow him to destroy the
nation we are trying to defend ? Where, in the
, record of nations, do you find an illustration of
that position ? By what examples in history do.
you defend it? By what precedent of statesman-
ship? The great name of Chatham has often been
invoked in this debate, and his words as often mis-
quoted. The great name of Chatham is invoked
and desecrated to cover this avowal of preference
for the enemy over the country. His example is
wretchedly misunderstood. Doubtless his voice
was lifted in warning tonesagainsttaxation with-
out our consent,, and still fiercer against war to
enforce it. His example might be pleaded for
moderation and respect for the rights of our south-
ern fellow-citizens; but they have not been vio-
lated. But never, never to sanction a divis-
ion of the Republic. His example is the bitter-
est reproach to those who claim Us protection.
After years of war unjustly begun and weakly
waged, when exhausted England sank before the
combined aims of America and France, and the
Duke of Richmond rose in the House of Lords
to move for peacc with America, the patriotic soul
of Chatham was stirred within him at the thought
of the humiliation and division of that empire
whose limits he had expanded and whose name
he had decotated; and, frail and dying, his legs
swathed in flannel, his crutch in his hand, he was
borne to the House of Lords in the arms of his
great son to lift his last voice in execration of the
Jolly which had brought England to such humil-
iation, arid to entei his dying" piotest against the
recognition of American independence, already
secured in fact by the sword. His English heart
had no fear of exterminating the enemies of Eng-
land m the holy work of maintaining the integrity
of her emphe. Sir, 1 accept the example", and I
commend it to the consideration of the patriotic
gentlemen on the other side of the House, i beg
them to read a little further than they seem to
have.done, the history of this English statesman.
Fteedom of opinion! Surely, sir, opinion is the
life of our nation. It is the measure of every
right, the guarantee of every privilege, the p'ro-
tection of every blessing, it is opinion which
creates our rulers. It is opinion that nerves or
palsies theirarms. Itis opinion which casts down
the pioud and elevates the humble. Its fluctua-
tions are the rise and fall of parties; Us currents
hear the nation on to prosperity or ruin. Its free
play is the condition of its purity. It is like the
ocean, whose tides rise and fall day by day at the
fickle bidding of the moon; yet it is the great scien-
tific level from which every height is measured —
tile horizon to which astronomeis refer the mo-
tion of the stars. But, like the ocean, it has depths
wliose eternal stillness is the condition of its sta-
bility. Those depths of opinion are not free, and
it is they that are touched by the words which
have so moved the House. Men must not com-
mit treason and say Us guilt is matter of opinion
and its punishment a violation of Us freedom.
Men eannotswear to maintain the integrity of the
nation and avow theit intention to deMioy it, and
cover thut double crime j>y the freedom of speech.
That is to break up the fountains of the great
deep on which all Government is borne, and to
pour us flood m i evolutionary ruin over the land.
To punish that is not a violation of the freedom
of opinion or its expression. It is to protect its
normal ebb and flow, its fiee and healthy fluctu-
ations, thot we desire to lelieve it from the oppro-
brium of being confounded with the declarations
of reasonable purposes here in the high and sol-
emn assemblage of the Union.
The fiee cxpiession of opinion! I am at a
loss to know how the opinions of Abraham Lin-
coln, or Horace Greeley, or Wendell Phillips, or
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] or Mr.
Chase, if truly quoti d, and equally criminal wii h
those now arraigned, can extenuate their guilt or
shield their author from the indignation of the
House. Their giuliis not his innocence. If he
imitated their gui.t, let him follow their repent-
ance. The time which they have devoted to
atoning for error by patriotic services he hits ded-
icated to indurating his error and accomplishing
his unpatriotic purposes. But I am not con-
cerned to vindicate in them what I condemn in
him. I execrate the avowal equally in every
mouth; and if their guilt -is-beyond my judg-
ment that of the gentleman from Ohio is not.
lean well understand howsuch examples may
serve to vindicate the Democratic party or to de-
lude an ill-informed crowd and teach them that
treason is error of opinion and not a crime; but
they, cannot be successfully urged here before the
gentlemen of the House of Representatives to
vindicate the gentleman from Ohio; nor even,sir,
can it vindicate the Democratic party from the
charge of more sympathy with the enemies of the
country than with the country itself. The peo-
ple will laugh at this attempt to impeach the loy-
alty of the friends of tfye Administration. They
will see in this zealous defense of the gentleman
from Ohio only another proof of Democratic sym-
pathy with his views and purposes, hitherto in-
variabjy manifested wherever they have been jn
power. Where have they had power that they
have not exhibited their sympathy with the en-
emies of the Republic? I admit there are honor-
able exceptions. I admit there are cases of honest
delusion. I suppose there are cases of uncon-
scious sympathy. I cannot doubt the prevalence
of a criminal interest m the triumph of the rebels.
I shall not disciiminate one from the other. 1
speak of the party and its conduct. Where, since
the war broke out, from the time that James Bu-
chanan disgraced the American name by his mes-
sage declaring, as gentlemen on that side of the
House declate now, this war is waged in viola-
tion of the Constitution, there is no power to
coerce a sovereign State, down to this day, is there
a Demociatic Governor or Legislature which,
until warned by the indignant voice o-f the peo-
ple, has not tried to embairass and discredit the
Government and to give aid and encouragement
to its enemies ?
The disavowals of individuals cannot extenu-
ate the conduct of Legislatures and Governors.
The prudence orcunniug ofcaucuses or Congress-
men, since the chastisement of 1863, cannot make
the people forget the conduct which provoked it.
Will they ever forget the Legislature of Indiana
and its votes on the resolutions for armistice and
peace, which swarmed befoie it; or the Legis-
lature of Illinois and the bill to strip the Gov-
ernor of his just military authority; and the res-
olutions for an armistice and a convention at
Louisville of western and rebel States, to dictate
terms to the United States, actually adopted, I
think, by one House; or the New Jersey Legis-
lature, which sent Wall of Port Warren to the
United States Senate, and was ready to adopt
peace resolutions, hut for an accidental adjourn-
ment which enabled the members to gather the
whispei lugs of their indignant constituents ? How
have they expressed their sympathies on the side
of the United States, unless by attempting to
at ray the State authoiit'es against the United
States, to excite the prejudices of the people against
the necessary suspension of the habeas corpus, to
represent the assertion of the supremacy of the
United States courts and officeis in the enforce-
ment of United States laws as invasions of the
rights of the States? WhatDomoeratinPennsyl-
vania did not vote for Woodward'' What Dem-
ocuu m N< w York did not vote forHorntio Sey-
mour? What Democrat in Connecticut did not
vote for Seymour of Connecticut? What Dem-
ocrat in Ohio did not vote for VaiJandigham? it
is vain to attempt to conceal it. The histoty of
that party duiing the war proves the dcclsiation
made on this floor that theie is no such thing as
a Democratic party for the war. There is the
greatest variety of judgment at this time from
those who, like the gentleman from New York,
[Ml, Ivehnan,] have a love for the Union and fail
when he comes to vote on it, down to those who,
like the gentleman fiom Maryland, [Mr. Harris,}
glory in the failure of the armies of the United
St.>tes to conquer the States m lebellion.
The. gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Kerkan]
who last spoke,and whose earnest tones all must
have felt, declated himself ready to do ail*in his
powei to suppress tiie insurrection, and yet failed
to vos&o for the conscription bill, the indispensable
condition to the prosecution of the war. That is
the type of the war Democrat! Very earnest in
vague generalities for the war, equally earnest in
decrying the policy of the Administration, but,
having exhausted their earnestness on those top-
ics, are so unable on any practical measuve'Co.tear
themselves away from party association, so pen-
etrated with valetudinarian views ' or perverse
judgmentson the Constitution ofthe-Umt£d^(atQ$,
that their aid is more embarrassing than their op-
position. ' ' \ t
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I ask to make an Inquiry.
I wanrt'o know what the gentleman charges
against the Illinois Legislature? , 1
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
must pardon me; I'cannot yield now.
Mr. Speaker, if it be said thata time may coroo
when the question of recognizing the southern
confederacy will have to be answered, I admit' it;
and it is answering the strongest and the extreme
case that gentlemen on the other stde can present.
I admit it. When a Democrat shall darken the
White House and the land; when a Democratic
majority here shall proclaim that freedom ofspeech
secures impunity to treason and declare recogni-
tion better than extermination of traitors; when
McClellan and FitzJohn Porter shall have again
brought the rebel armies within sight of Wash-
ington city and the successor of James Buchanan
shall withdraw our armies from the unconstitu-
tional invasion of Virginia to the north of the Po-
tomac; when exultant rebels shall sweep over die
fortifications and their bomb-shells shall crash
against the dome of the Capitol; when thousands
throughout Pensylvania'shall seek refuge on the
shores of Lake Eric from the rebel invasion,
cheercd and welcomed by the opponents of ex-
termination; when Vallandigham shall be Gov-
ernor of Ohio, and Bright Governor of Indiana,
and Woodward Governor of Pennsylvania, and
Seymour Governor of Connecticut, and Wall be
Governor of New Jersey, and the gen tleraan from
New Yoik city sit in Seymour's seat, and thus,
possessed of power over the great center of the
country, they shall do what they attempted in
vain before in the midst of rebel triumphs—to ar-
ray the authorities of the States against those of
the United States; to oppose the militia to the
Army of the United States; to invoke the habeas
corpus to discharge confined traitors; to deny to
the Government the benefit of the laws of war,
lest it exterminate its enemies; when thq Demo-
crats, as in the fall of 1862, shall again, with more
permanent success, persuade the people of the
country that the war should not be waged till the
integrity of the territory of the Union is restored,
cost what it might, but that such a war violates the
spirit of free institutions, which those who advo-
cate it wish to overthrow, it should stop, for the
benefit of the Democratic party, somewhere this
side of absolute triumph, lest there be no room for
a compromise; when gentlemen of that party in
New Yoik shall again, as in November, 1862,
hold illegal and criminal negotiations with Lord
Lyons, and avow their purposes to him, the rep-
resentative ofa foreign and unfriendly Power,and
urge lum to arrange the time of proffering media-
tion with a view to their possession of power and
their preparation of the minds of the people to
receive suggestions from abroad; and when me-
diation shall appear, by the event, to be the fust
step toward foreign intervention, swiftly and
surely followed by foreign armed enemies upon
our shores to join the domestic enemies; when
the war in the cars shull begin, which was men-
aced at the outbreak of the rebellion, and the
fiiends of Seymour shall make the streets of New
Yoik lun with blood, on the eve of another Get-
tysburg less damaging to their hopes; when the
people, exhausted by taxation, weary of sacri-
fices, drained of blood, betrayed by their rulers,
deluued by demagogues into believing that peace
is the way to union and submission the path of
victory, shall throw down their arms before the
advancing foe; when vast chasms across every
Suae shall make apparent, to every eye, when too
late to remedy it, that division fiom the South is
inauguration of anarchy at the North, and that
peace without union is the end of the Republic—
tiiew the independence of the Soutii will bean
accomplished fact, and gentlemen may, with-
out treason to the dead Republic, use in this mi-
gratory House, wherever it may then be in Amer-
ica, and declare themselves for recognizing their
masters at the South rather than exterminating
them ! Until that day, in the name of the Amer-
ican nation; in the name of every house in the
land where there is one dead for the holy cause;
