1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL CrJiOBE.
252fc
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, j
The question being upon ordering the bill to be
engrossed and leada third time,
Mr. HALE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Nulson and
Woodbridge were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 51,-noes 46.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
f a third time; and "being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HALE demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. ' „
Mr.WASHBURNE, oflilinois, demanded the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Arnold, Daily,
AugiMusC. Baldwin, tilts*,Brooks, James'S. Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chanler, Ooffroth, Cox, Dawson, Drigg*,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Ganson, Grider, Gns-
wold, Hale, Hariington, Herrick, Hotchkiss, Hutching,
Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Julian, Kalbfl«i&ch,Ker-
nau, King, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin, Sam-
uel l<\ Miller, Moorhead, James It JVIorris, Nelson, Noble,
Charles O'Neill,-Perry, Pruvn, William H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Itice, Robinson, James S. Rollins^Ross, Scott,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Utiles.Tliayer,
Tracy, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Windoro, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—65.
NAYS—Messrs. AJley, Allison, Ames, Beaman, Boyd,
Brandegee, Ambrose W.CIaik,Freeman Clarke,Cobb,Cole,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot,
Fame worth, Fenfon, Ftnclc, Frank, Gooeh, Grinnell. Hoop
' er, Amabel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, nurlburd, In-
gcrsoll, Jenekes, Kelley, Fiancis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kel-
log, Liulojolm, Loan, Longyeai, MeCluig, McDowell,
Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Ortb, Patteison, Pomeroy,
Price, John H. llice, Edward H. Rollins, Scoueld, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Sti vens, Up«on, Van Val-
kenbuigh, Ehhu B. Wa^hbnrne, William B. Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Wmfield—58.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALE m<3Ved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J. J. STEVKNS'S IlKIlfe!"
Mr. PRUYN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution for the relief of the heirs
of the late J. J. Stevet\s; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
E. F. AND S. A. WOOD.
Mr. STEVENS, ftom the Committee of Ways
and Means, by unanimous consent, reported a
joint resolution repealing an actentuiod "An act
for the relief of E. F. & Samuel A. Wood," ap-
proved March 28, 1864; which was read a first
and second time, postponed until Wednesday
next after the morning hour, made a special
order, and ordered to be printed.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the unanimous conscnt
of the House to set apart Thursday of next week,
after the morning hour, for the consideration of
the business of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. GANSON. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary what has
become of the resolution I. introduced eaily in
January last, relative to providing for winding up
insolvent national banks and enforcing individual
■pliability against the stockholders.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires first to
know whether there be objection to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Iowa.
There was no objection.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President was received, by
Mr. Nicolay, his Private Secretary, informing
the House that he had approved and signed hills
and a joint resolution, of the following titles:
An a^t (H. R. No. 15) to provide a temporary
•government for the Territory of Montana;
An act (1-1. R. No. 300) for the classification ot
the clerks to paymasters in the Navy, and gradu-
ating their pay; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 74) referring the
claim of J. H. Clark & Co. to the Court ofClamis.
KENTUCKY "CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SMITHERS. I now call up the Ken-
tucky contested-election cqse, and ask that the
resolution reported by the Committee of Elec-
tions may be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That George H. Yeaman is entitled to a seat
in this House as the Representative fiotn the second con-
gressional district of Kentucky in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
before the gentleman from Delaware proceeds
that the order of speaking on the part of the con-
testant and sitting member shall be fix?d, inas«
much as some difficulty occurred in determining
the order of debate in the Missouri contested-
election case.
Mr. SMITHERS. I had supposed the same
order of debate would be observed as in the Mis-
souri case; thatthecontestantwould be permitted
to occupy an hour, the sitting member to follow,
being entitled to occupy an hour and a half, and
the contestant to close the debate, with half an
hour, subject to the right of the member repoi*!*
ing the resolution, under the rules of the House,
after the previous question shall have been or-
dered.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
that course will be followed.
Mr. SMITHERS. In pursuance of notice, I
now ask the attention of the House to Ufe con-
tested election of the second congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky, in which John H. McHenry,
jr., contests the seat of Hon. George H. Yeaman.
In proceeding to develop the case I shall be
exceedingly brief, because,as itstrikes rre,itlies
in a very narrow compass, and I shall endeavorv
to present only such facts as the majority of the
committee—being the whole of it, 1 believe, with
the exception of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Vooiuiees,] who presented the minority
report in this case—believed sufficient to sustain
the conclusion tha-t Hon. George II. Yeaman is
rightfully entitled to the seat he now holds. The
congressional district is composed of twelvecoun-
ties, namely: Breckinridge, Butler, Christian,
Daviess, Edmondson, Grayson, Hancock, Hen-
derson, Hopkins, McLean, Muhlenberg, and
Ohio, and in each of which counties the sitting
member received a majority of the votes cast.
The,election, as the result of which Mr. Yeaman
received his certificate, was held in August, 1863.
At that election there were cast 11,398 votes, of
which Geoige H. Yeaman received 8,311, and
John H. McHenry, jr., 3,087, being a majority
for the sitting member of 5,224, nearly double
the entire number of votes received by the con-
testant. It is manifest, therefore, from this pre-
sentation of the case, that there can be no pre-
tense of claim upon the part of the contestant.
Either the whole election is void or the sitting
member is entitled to the seat he occupies. It is
not pretended that John H. McHenry, jr., re-
ceived more than 3,087 votes, or that illeg-al votes
were cast for his opponent, so as to form the ba-
sis of any valid claim on his part.
The sole question, therefore, for the House to
consider is, whether the election was void, or
whether the sitting member is entitled to the seat
w.hich he now occupies by virtue of the certificate.
That is the only question I shall present to the
House, for it is the only one presented by the
report of the Committee of Elections.
Mr. Speaker, I shall omit to say anything con-
cerning certain military orders issued by Colonel
Shacklcfordand General Burn side. The House will
perceive, if they look at the report of the committee,
thatthe Legislature of Kentucky had passed what
is familiarly kno'wn as the expatriation act, which
required an oath from every voter at the election
that he had not after the passageof that act given
any aid or comfort to the rebellion. Governor
Robinson, shortly before the election, issued his
proclamation calling the attention of the people of
Kentucky to the existence of the statute. After
thatproclanmtion certain military orders were is-
sued which are printed in the report of the com-
mittee, and to which 1 presume members have had
theirattention called. It is not my purpose, as I
have already said, to take up these military orders
or the proclamation of the Governor of Kentucky.
It is manifest that the only question before us
is whether there was in fact an election by the
people of the second congressional distriotof the
State of Kentucky, and whether the majority of '
the voters of that district did actually choose MiV'
Yeaman as their Representative; for i presume it'
will not be co^ended that if, despite the orders,
such majority uid fairly indicate theirpreference
for him, the.election was thereby invalidated.
As I have stated already the whole number of
votes cast was 11,399, and of those the sittirfg
member received 8,311, nearly three fourths of all
the votes castatthatelection. Itonly becomes re-
quisite therefore that we shall determine whether
the voting capacity of the^Iistrict was out; and
we can only determine that by the vote cast at
prior elections. When we turn to these elections
and compare the vote-cast with this vote we find
the following to be the result: the largest Tote
ever cast in the second congressional district was
in 1860, amounting to 15,236. At the nextelec-
tion, which was for members to the border States
convention, in 1801, the vote was 13,328. The
vote cast for me'mber of Congress in 1861 was
14,656; and at the election by virtue of whiclyhc
sitting fftember holds his seat there were cast
11,398 votes. It must be remembered that the vot-
ing capacity of the whole district was affected by
the condition of society existing in all of the border
States where rebellion has been rampant.* But we r
are not left to conjectQre alone on tnat question.
It is in evidence by the certificate of the adjutant
general of the State of Kentucky, of October 9,
1863, that 5,714 volunteers wei% furnished by the
sccond congressional district alone to the armies
of the United Sfates, Add these to the vote that
was actually cast and it brings it up to the full
voting capacity of the second congressional dis-
trict. Taking the fact that of the 11,398 votes
cast Mr. Yeaman received 8,311, and that the
largest vote ever cast in the district was 15,236, it
is impossible by any species of arithmetic with
which the majority of the committee are familiar
to. come to any other result than that the sitting
member is entitled to his seat.
I have no desire, Mr. Speaker, to enter into the
details of this contest; so far as they are concerned I
wilHeave them to be dealt with by the sitting mem-
ber as he may deem just and proper. But I cannot
forbear calling the attention of the House to the
estimate of the contestant himself as to what his
chances were, as shown in a -letter addressed by
him to the voters of the second congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky, prior to the election, and
printed in Miscellaneous Document No. 36, in
which the evidence in this case is contained, on
page 55. This letter furnishes a solution of the
cause why the contestant McHenry did not re-
ceive more votes.
Speaking of a desire of the rebel States to re-
turn to submission to the Constitution, he says:
il Whenever any manifestation of such a desire on the
part of the rebellious States is apparent, \ am then lor an
armistice and a national convention; a foreign, friendly,
mediating power may in such an event be necessary, in the
same manner as a third party in a personal difficulty acts
as a friend and mediator in bringing about a reconciliation.
I have, and did in my speech at Calhoun and elsewhere
suggest such a state of affairs ; I did it as a mere matter of
reflection and digestion on the part of the people—not urg-
ing it as a proposition that ought to be adopted by our Gov-
ernment, or my position in the canvass.
" I have also urged my utter hostility to the proclamation
of freedom by the President j to the arming of slaves; to
the proposition of compensated emancipation in Ken-
tucky j and ali other unwarranted assumptions of power
by the President.
"Such are the positions, my fellow-eitizens, that I have
endpavored to assume before the pubiic. This is the
'head and front of my offending.'
"Reporters of my speech at Calhoun have misrepre-
sented me, and at a moment that will prove fatal to me, if
I allow my name to he used in the district convention in
June. The effect of this misrepresentation has been to
throw off from me the support ot two of the leading Union
papers in Kentucky, which previously had spoken favor-
ably of me—the Frankfort Commonwealth speaking of me
as a 4 rebel, no better than Breckinridge,' and the Louis-
ville Journal republishing the article, and with m;u y re-
grets recalling everything that it had formerly said in my
behalf. That abolition journal, the New York Tribune, has
called on General Burnsldc to arrest me. Public meetings
have been held in counties where I had the confidence of
the people, and delegates appointed to the Calhoun con-"
vention instructed to vote tor any one against me. The
blow has been stmck and the injury inflicted, and it is now
too late (or me to be fairly represented in thatcouvcntion ;
bufl assure you that the injury will be repaired and mis-
take couected."
He then proceeds, in closing his letter, to say:
"I respectfully decline submitting to the action of th«
convention, and announce myself a candidate for your
consideration at the August ejection."
I bee; not to be misunderstood. I do not cite
