2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.
May 27.
tins letter or use it for the purpose of intimating
in the slightest degree that the gentleman is dis-
loyal. I beg: he. will have no such understanding
of my remarks. I cite it only to sfft>w what was
the estimate which the people of the second con-
gressional district of Kentucky had in relation to
his'position; I cite it as his own declaration that
certain leading newspapers of'Kentucky, papers
which he himself declares had keen favorable to
him, turned their backs upon him, and recalled
everything which they had previously said in his
behalf; I cite it for the- purpose of showing that
a.press so influential as the Louisville Journal
and the Frankfort Commonwealth, which had
previously been fi iendly to lum, repudiated him,
and necessarily affected the opinion of the people
of his district, and to show that under the force of
that sentiment those formetly friendly to him re-
fused to sustain him at the polls; 1 cite it as
showing that the vote he alleges he did not re-
ceive is not to be charged to the military interfer-
ence or orders of General Bumside, bufcto the
settled conviction upon the part of the people
leading to a preference for the sitting member,
according to the announcement of those newspa-
pers which were most in their confidence.
1 do not choose to enter upon the question of
the propriety or trnpiopriely of those orders. I
have my special and particular views in relation
to them; but representing as I do now the Major-
ity of the committee, and not expressing my own
sentiments merely, I forbear entirely to comment
upon or give expression to my opinion in regard
to their propriety or legality. Waiving their
consideration, a majority of the committee have
come to the conclusion that the sitting member
is entitled to his seat, and thetefore have intro-
duced the resolution which is now for action be-
fore the House.
Mr. McHENRY, (contestant.) Mr. Speaker,
I am before my country to-day for the purpose of
appealing to it, and-to this House, to gifstain me
in the advocacy of a high principle, which you,
sir, and which every lover oC republican govern-
ment has been taught to love and to respect since
the very hour thisgi eat Government of ours first
struggled for existence. I am truly thankful
and feel deeply grateful to this House for the privi-
lege that has been extended to me, as well as to
other contestants, to addicsa you, and to lay our
own claims before the country. Oftentimes since
the commencement of this contest have I been met
"with the discouraging remaiks on the part of
those Who disagree with the policy and politics of
the party which now controls the destiny of this
country, as " What will it avail you, sir, to make
this contest?" " Do you hope to succeed against
the fanaticism which now rules the counity>M
*' Do you ihink that this piu ty will listen to your
plea for an instant?" 11 It iatimound labor lost."
But, sir, I have never lost my confidence in the
natural goodness of the human heart,and 1 hope
I may never lose that high respect for the Con-
gress of the nation which it has in all times past
commanded, and which has been extended to it
by the people of all nations; audit is indeed en-
couraging to know that the petitions of the hum-
blest citizen of the Republic,as well as that of its
proudest and mightiest, has met at all times from
Congress a respectful consideration.
I h'ave been told that no justice could be re-
ceived at the hands of the contiolling party of this
House, by one who differed, however honestly,
from it in politics; but justice is heaven-born, and
cannot safely be neglected by any party that de-
lives Us power ft-om the people, who are, at last,
the final arbiters of all political questions that
arise in this Government, That government of
man is strongest and most likely to be perpetual
which approximates most neatly to the divine.
Hut the divine government, with the universe for
its domain and this mighty earth for its footstool,
has declared that not even a " sparrow" can fall
to the earth without its observation. Can a Gov-
ernment like ours, therefore, which has been
founded upon and which has at all times professed
to regard the rights of the individual man, afford
to slight the case ofeven its humblest citizen, much
lessone who appears and appeals to you for sim-
ple justice in the name of an outraged people, who
have in all times past commanded respectand ad-
miration for their devotion to the purest principles
of government? And when I behold around me
the assembled wisdom, worth, and loyalty of this
mighty nation, I feel that the appeal to you of the
people to save to them a great principle of govern-
ment, the purity of tlje elective franchise, will not
be made in vain.
I am here, sir, in no factious opposition to the
gentleman who occupies the seat which I contest.
The relations which have for years and do now
exist between us aie of the most intimate and
amicable character. But, sir, as a freeman and
an independent citizcn of the Republic, and one
who is entitled to its piotection,I am here as the
humble volunteer champion of a portion of the
people o&«Kentucky who, seeking the protection
of the Government, have found it denied to them,
and, as lovers of constitutional liberty and repub-
lican freedom, when they asked their rights as citi-
zens, have been met with indignant insults at the
hands of the constituted authorities of the Gov-
ernment.
And I am here, as I verily believe, as Unrep-
resentative of a large majority of the people and
legal voters of my district; and although my com-
petitor holds the certificate of election and a ma-
jority of votes cast were for him, yet it is a well-
known fact in Kentucky that this certificate and
majoiity was obtained by preventing a fair ex-
pression of public opinion at the polls, and de-
priving the people of their elective franchise
thiough fear, intimidation, threats, violence, bri-
bery, corruption,and bloodshed. And, sir,! am
hero as the representative of the people to appeal
to this Congress upon a principle the proper main-
tenance of which is far more important to the
country, to my own constituents, and to myself,
than any personal or political consideiation which
J may feel m this immediate contest.
I take occasion here to remark that I have no
complaints to make toward the Committee of
Elections or toward any member of it; but on
the contrary desire to express my gtatifi cation and
thanks to them for the patient and impartial man-
ner in which this case has been investigated, and
to the distinguished chanman of the committee,
who has won me by his dignity,candor, fairness,
and ability, and having carefully watched his
course during the sessions of ihe committee in the
present session, have thought it strange that any
one could think otherwise than that he is a tpan of
honor by piineiple, a scholar by education, and
a gentleman by nature.
A mo ng the various questions that have been pre-
sented to this House by the different "cases of con-
tested elections that have occurred since the form-
ation of the Constitution, there have never been
any that has presented the same issues to the
House for its consideialion as this, and similar
cases presented to the Thnty-Eighth Congress.
And paradoxicalas if may appear, with a majority
of 5,000 votes that were cast against me, I yet
contend and expect to demonstiate that I am and
was the choice of a large majority of the legal
voters of my district. The reason why this ma-
jority was not cast for me at the polls will be made
evident and manifest when the House comes to
read the proof taken in this case, and see the "fan-
tastic tricks played before high Heaven" on the
" daik and bloody ground," by the minions of
power in brief authority, clothed in the honored
uniform of the Government, whose laws they had
solemnly sworn to sustain, thrusting their bayo-
nets between the people and the exercise of the
most sacied right of an American freeman.
Not only do we behold the people prevented
from voting, but every device which human inge-
nuity could invent is brought forward to accom-
plish the election of certain candidates. In many
places a file of soldiers is stationed around the
polU with instructions to allow .no man to vote
for certain candidates. In others the namesof
these candidates were mused ftom the polls, and
the soldiers sent out to bring the people up to vote
for those whose names remained upon the poll-
book. In some places the people are informed
that they can vote by taking an oath prescribed
by one military commander, and at another the
oath prescribed by another commander. The de-
positions in this case show that legal voters, after
conforming to all the rules laid down by the State
and military laws, weie ariested after they were
allowed to vote and confined in prison for voting.
Some were encouraged to vote by being informed
•that they would be arrested if they did not vote;
some that they would be arrested if they attempted
or asked to be allowed to vote. Some who ap-
plied to vote an,d offered to take the oath prescribed
by the Legislature of Kentucky and swear to
support the Constitution of the United State?? and
of Kentucky were refused and threatened with ar-
rest if they attempted to vote again. Orders were
issued from " Headquarteis, District of Western
Kentucky," informing the people that all those
who voted for certain candidates would have pref-
erence shown them in the impressment of horses
and other paoperty for the use of the Government,
and thauhe Government stood in need of the prop-
erty of these people was made manifest by send-
ing out squads of cavalry through the country to
impress the horses of the elect.
Sir, I car) bear defeat, oppressions, wrongs,
slander,abuse,and sorrow,and 1 have been made
the unjust victim of all thh within the last few
years of my life, but never have I been so grieved
as when I beheld my friends persecuted, op-
pressed,and robbed for no other reason than that
they voted, or wanted to vote, for me. I appealed
to the officer charged with this pleasant duty,as
it seemed to him, to spare the favorite and only
•horse of a friend who had voted for me, but was
unheeded. I appealed to the sitting member, my
competitor, to stop this outrage upon my friends*,
but my prayers were again unheeded, while a se-
rene smile of secret'delight and horrid pleasure
fitted across his countenance as he beheld the out-
rage. Not Satisfied with driving the people from
the polls by oaths, threats, intimidation and mil-
itary interference, but persecution, malicious and
demon-like, must follow the few who were brave
enough to exercise their rights as freemen by
casting their vote as they always had done before.
I desire to refer the House to the testimony of a
few witnesses upon this point—W. S. Brittain,
Possiter, O'Biian,Whiteley, Render,and IIocker.
(Miscellaneous Document, No. 36 ) Not only
are the peaceable, quiet citizens met upon the high-
way and robbed, but we behold this knight of
perfection, this chosen officer of the third Ken-
tucky cavalry, invading the sacred precincts of
God's consecrateQ grounds, disturbing religious
worship, scattering the honest people who had
there collected for worship, and singling out and
leading away, for the use of and in the nameand
by the auth^y^ty of the Government, the only
horse of a poor itinerant Methodist preacher, who,
like his revered and honored pioneers of u God's
living light" in the West, the Methodist minis-
try, was upon his circuit in the wilderness, " go-
ing forth into all the world and preaching the
gospel to every creature." He, too, must suffer.
1 blush for such conduct in a Kentucky soldier,
and more especially is it painful to me'coming from,
an officer in a regiment that is a pride and orna-
ment to our State and honored by the people of our
district, as being the regiment that was organized
by that gallant and lamented hero who preceded
us as the Representative in this House, and who
left these attractive scenes to participate m tKp dm
and clangor of arms, and who laid down his val-
uable life for the honor and glory of his country
upon the hard-fought field of Perryville.
I beg leave here to allude to an episode in the
political history of the sitting member in this case,
not because I think it will have any particular
beai ing in this case, but to show the gi eat injustice
that has been done me, and also to vindicate my-
self from the charge of disloyalty that is urged
against me here,^md to show that the incumbent
is the last one under the circumstance? that ought
to allude to it.
The sitting member has thought proper to
charge and endeavor to prove that my political
positions were disloyal, and therefore that it was
not improper that the people should not be allowed
to vote for me. I endeavored tu introduce the
deposition of a witness, whose evidence was
checkcd up by the gentleman, objecting to the in-
troduction of a communication in his own hand-
writing that 1 was anxious the world should see,
and particularly this Congress, And here, sir, I
will make the point that the examiner had no right
to preventthis testimony coming before the House,
which was done, thus stilling this investigation,
and saying to the Congress of the nation,You
are not entitled to know anything that ever Mr.
Yeaman said or did that may be considered dis-
loyal but everything against Mr. McHenry is
admissible." Tins may give my friends an idea
of the difficulties under which 1 labored in taking
proofmthiscase. Witnesses were frightened away
