506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Constitution. Why not give the same answer
now? Why get "shocked" just at this particular
time, and by this single proposition? No loyal
man is to be hurt. The Constitution is not lobe
injured, forit is to be placcd in the hands of those
whose duty it is to interpret it, whenever such
questions as the one now before us arise. Why
resist this purely constitutional method of dis-
posing of an exciting question ? If the blow should
fall heavily it will only crush the men who have
enveloped this nation in the red flam£ of war.
Broken allegiance to the best, the mildest of hu-
man Governments,alone will sever the cord which
suspends the dead weight of constitutional forfeit-
ure, and cause it to descend uponHhe heads of
those whose criminal hands arc engaged in the
dread work of an unparalleled treason. Traitors
have assumed all of the risks connected with their
stupendous crime. Why should gentlemen in this
House voluntarily step forward and become their
underwriters? Gentlemen may christen their
strange conduct" philanthropy," " humanity,"
or by any other kind name they please, but his-
tory will draw black lines around this baptismal
ceremony,and expunge it from the page of truth.
The vital part o^jpthc jointresolution as leported
by the Committee on the Judiciary is that which
substitutes the language of the Constitution for
that used in the joint resolution of July 17,1862.
jNo argument can force the resolution into any
other shape than the strictly constitutional form
in which it was molded by the committee. There
it stands as inflexible as the Constitution itself.
The Constitution and the courts against rebels
and their property form thesole question on which
we are to pass. From this question gentlemen
recoil. They fear the courts which heretofore
^have received their adoration,and are " shocked''
by the " cruel and remorseless character" of the
Constitution. Why? Because both are against
traitors. Let him give a better answer who can.
Sir, I want no stronger evidence of the utter
want of faith on the part of the gentlemen who
stand opposed to me in the position they have as-
sumed in relation to the extent of constitutional
forfeiture than that whiMi their opposition to this
resolution affords, i ask notfora more complete
admission from them of the perfect harmony of
this resolution with the Constitution and of its
-ability to render more swift and sure the punish-
ment due to treason. I am content with their de-
nunciation of this joint resolution, for it onlyex-
hibits their hatred of that stern justice of the Con-
stitution with which the fathers clothed it for the
purpose of armoring it against the infernal assaults
to which itis now subjected by the armed traitors
who seek to destroy it. I love to read the mo-
tives of men, and in my reading I never spum the
indexes furnished by those whose secret springs
of action I would understand. I trust I am not
at fault in my reading now, although it may force
me to the conclusion that those who oppose this
jointresolution arc more intent upon the hope of
future power than they are concerning that jus-
tice which the present demands. Justicc to rebels
is mercy to loyal men, and I regiet that this rule
is not recognized by those who are constantly tell-
ing us that they are anxious to vote foi eveiy con-
stitutional measure to putdown this rebellion, and
who now stand in solid array against one which
is the Constitution itself. Men who intend to
strike rebels do not waste their time in warding
off blows which other men aim in the same direc-
tion. Professions do not amount to much when
confronted by a hostile fact. Words are as feath-
ers in the scale when acts bring down the other
end of the beam.
Mr. Speaker, my mind has never entertained a
doubt of the power of Congress to provide for the
forfeiture, absolutely and forever, of the interest
a rebel may have in property of every kind, char-
acter, and description; leal, personal, and mixed;
quadruped and biped. All may be reached, and
it is a mere question of policy for Congress to de-
termine how far the power shall be exercised.
He v^-ho raises his traitorous hand to destroy the
Constitution and Government is entitled to but
little protection from either. Both were made for
the protection of the loyal, but neither was created
to shield men who turn from loyalty to tieason,
from being peaceful citizens to bloody-handed
rebels. Such rights as the laws of war accord to I
a public enemy, an active belligerent, are those '
which the rebels of this countiy can claim, and ]
none other. The constitutional guarantees con- j
cerninglife, liberty, and property, are the just and |
rightful possessions of the loyal people; but the I
traitor who would destroy all has no right to set
up these great securities to save himself from the
righteous inflictions which an outraged and im-
periled Government may see proper to impose
upon him. The Constitution was established to
organize, protect, and perpetuate the Republic,
not to strengthen the hands of those who would
destroy it. Traitors have invoked the laws of
war, and to them must they look for their rights
and protection. They understand this as well as
we ought to. The rebels do not claim the pro-
tection of the Constitution. They boldly, reso-
lutely, defiantly spurn the Constitution, and reject
the theories which are advanced in this House in
their behalf. They fully comprehend their po-
sition asbelligcients. Itistheirowo creation, and
they are content with if. I will not enter upon
an argument to sustain these views, for, as i have
heretofore remarked, they have nothing to do
with the subject befote us. Congresshasalready
expressed its opinion upon these questions by the
passage of the confiscation act, so called, of 1862,
which is now the law of the laud, its policy ap-
proved by the people, and its constitutionality
sustained by the courts.
It has been said that it is inexpedient to pass
this joint resolution; that we should not do any-
thing which would tend to the enlargement of the
forfeiture now provided by law; that we must con-
ciliate, not punish, traitors; that kindness should
be our weapon instead of the stern powers which
the Constitution has provided for the punishment
and subjugation of rebels; that we must win back
our "erring brethren" by manifestations of for-
giveness, charity, and love. Sir, what kind of
advice is this, in view of the fact that we are now
engaged in the organization of a new army of five
hundred thousand men to. complete the overthrow
of the military power of the rebellion? The re-
cruiting ofliceis are in every county in the loyal
Stales, and the nation is resorting to every means
it can command in preparing for the grand cam-
paigns of the coming spring. Treason is forcing
into its army every man and boy between fifteen
and sixty years of age. The war cloud settles
densely upon the nation. The heavy tread of
armies is heard in every part ofthe land. Is this the
time for gentlemen in the Congress of the United
States to talk of forgiveness, charity,love, peace ?
Our "erring brethren" aie in arms, and not on
their knees asking for mercy. They intend to
light us. Their rebellion is a great military fact
which must be crushed out by the exercise of
power; and cannot be subdued by an exhibition of
olive-branches, or soothed by honeyed words,
even though they diop fioru the lips of members
ofthe American Congress.*
While gentlemen in this body have been talking
about "conciliation," "charity," "love," "olive-
branches," "peace," and a thousand other ill-
timed subjects for the benefit of our "erring breth-
ren,"and "wayward sisters," those interesting
relatives have been employing their time very dif-
ferently as regards their piesentand futuie action
toward us. On the 23d day of last month the
rebel senate, as if responding to the "peace and
conciliation" utterances of gentlemen in this
House, passed the following resolutions by a unan-
imous vote:
" Resolved, That the thanks of congress are hereby tend-
ered to <\ll the hitaade* and oilier troops in seivioe who have
taken the pattiotic ami gallant resolution to reenlibtfor the
war.
"Rcsolvcl, That the'mn infestation of s-uch a spirit in our
armie? ha happy omen ot the ultimate triumph of oui strug-
gle fm independence, indicative, as it 1$, of Ihe fixed do-
teirmnation of oui people never to lay down then anus
while ourvoii N expn^d to the hostile tread and barbarous
ravages of our malignant enemies."
This is the emphatic answer which comes back
from Richmond to the peace resolutions of the gen -
tleman fiom jNewYork, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
the kind words of his colleague, [Mr. Kernan,]
the imploring tones of the gentleman fiom Ohio,
[Mr. Cox,] and to the fine-spun arguments in be-
half of the "constitutional" rights of bloody-
handed rebels submitted by the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] the gentlemen from
Ohio, [Messis. Finch and Bliss.] and others,
who have labored to argue away the powers upon
which the Governmentmust depend for its safety
and its life. When these marvelously kind-hearted
gentlemen can stay the fury of a tornado by sing-
ing to it a lullaby they may.expect to put down
a rebellion such as is now oppressing this nation
by the course they are pursuing in this House.
Their chances of success would be just about
equal in either case.
Sir, until we can disperse the armies of the re-
bellion, crush out its military power, and thus
destroy the hopes of its leaders, it is idle to talk
of abstaining from the use of any proper means
which will aid us in the accomplishment of the
great work we have in hand. We have enough
to do now without wasting any of our precious
time in trying to administer soothing sirups to
men whose bloody handsarefeelingforthc throat
ofthe Republic. So long as the banner of armed
revolt is thrust in the face of the nation we must
use power and exercise justice. Mercy will have
its proper woik to perform indue season. When
justice has subdued these armed rebels it may in-
troduce all of them but the leaders to mercy. But
the time for this ceremony has not yet arrived,
nor will it ever come for the leaders of this rebel-
lion.
Mr. Speaker, has it never occurred to the minds
of the gentlemen who object to the passage of this
joint resolution that it will have no effect on the
great mass of the people of the southern States?
The property in those States is owned by com-
paratively a few persons. Property is not distrib-
uted among the people there as it is in the north-
ern States. A sale and division of the large landed
estates in the South would be of incalculable ben-
efit to the mass of the people after the rebellion
passes into history. The people can then become
landholders, and no longer be subject to the despot-
ism with which a privileged class has heretofore
ruled that whole country. Thus we sec that the
anguish which some gentlemen have experienced
has all rpsulfed from the dangerin which the lead-
ers of the rebellion are placed. Thegreatmass of
the people will not be affected by the passage of t his
joint resolution otherwise than favorably. The
leaders, the great lordly landholders who have
almost crushed humanity out of the poor people
who are squatted on their princely estates, are
the men who are to be injuriously affected by the
passage of the resolution.
1 um amazed at the position which these gen-
tlemen have elected to occupy. Why they should
join hands with an aristocratic class which has
used the immense slave and land power in its
hands for the purpose of crushing and grinding
the common people into an intellectual darkness
almost as dense as barbarism itself is something
which requires an explanation different from any
we have yet received. With their strange posi-
| tion unexplained, and, T may say, unexplainable,
j they stand before the country as the defenders of
| the leaders of the rebellion, and not as the advo-
cates of the crushed and bruised and misguided
mass of the southern people; for they stand here
objecting to the passage of a law admit ted by them-
selves to be constitutional, which, if passed and
properly executed, will open up a future to the
poor non-landholders of the southern States as
bright as the sunbeams which tint the roses of
that sunny land. Tins is their love for the people.
Thisistheiridcaof meicy. With the lordly few
they stand opposed to the poor, the oppressed,
the betrayed mass of the southern people. They
seem to regard the aristocratic few who ruled their
presentdefondersand the people of theSouth with
a rod of iron which pierced and seared every sub-
ject conscience before the rebellion, and nowrule
it, as embracing all of the human family to be
found in the southern States woithy of our con-
sideration and mercy. While such views are sus-
tained by gentlemen, who can wonder at the bit-
terness they have manifested toward this joint
absolution? They arti limping for the return of
power tinough the hands of leading reb< Is now
diipping with loyal blood. They are hoping for
the establishment of the old order of things when .
despotism ruled the Republic; when the public
conscience was imprisoned in a slav.e pen; when
plantation manneis we.e piacticcd m this Hall,
and slavery was legarded as the most perfect re-
sult springing from the tevelation of divine will
to man. 1 hey wH! know that any legislation
which will convert the mass ofthe southern people
into landholders will place the blight of eternity
on these hopes, ilence they oppose this resolu-
tion, and denounce the doctrine of the Constitu-
