THE COTOEESSIONAt GMBE,
TjTE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF C0N(J11BSS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C; BIVBS, •WASHrNGfTON,- D. SG.:ir
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 4, 1864.
I^jsw Series.....No, S&O.'4
day. I hope we may have a vote and agree to a
day of adjournment. « '
Mr. .LANE, of* Kansas. The Senator from
Massachusetts gives as a reason -for a postpone-
ment of the day for adjournment that the House
of Representatives is putting a tax upon whisky
On hand and on leaf tobacco.
Mr. SCTMNER. i said the House was now
considering the tax on income, and besides that
I understood it liad under consideration the ques-
tion of taxing leaf tobacco and whisky on hand.
Those questions, I have been informed by gen-
tlemen who have come in from the House of Rep-
resentatives this evening, are actually under con-
sideration. Whether the House will adopt the
tax on those articles or not, I know ncft; but it is
sufficient that they are now under consideration,
and I think the Senate ought tq take them into
consideration also, especially when we have a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury-saying that additional means are needed. I
am unwilling to go home in the face of thatcom-
munication without doing alt that I can to supply
them.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, The Senator from
Massachusetts is mistaken in his recitation of
facts. The House have determined, as I under-
stand, to send the income tax bill here as a naked
proposition. Certainly, that being the case, there
is nothing to prevent our adjourning on Monday
at twelve o'clock, i am the lastSenator—I pre-
sume my brother Senators would concede that
to me—the very last Senator who would leave
my post. But, sir, I believe that every moment
we remain here now is pregnant with mischief;
that we are doing legislation that is really mis-
chievous. The business is increasing; new bills
have been introduced here to-night,and they will
continue to be introduced. There is no Senator
here but will bear witness to the fact that more
business is done within the few hours preceding
an adjournment after the adjournment is fixed,
than in weeks and months previous. That is
my experience. You cannot get members down
to their work until the day for adjournment is
fixed, and they can see that day close at hand.
Nine months is a long time to be away from
one's home and family,and it is especially injuri-
ous, I think, to the country to keep us here doing
mischievous legislation when there are a presiden-
tial election and senatorial elections pending. I
am frank about this. I want to get home. I want
to get home because my work is done here.
Mr. HOWE, is it done at home?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No; it is yet to he
done there.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall adjourn to-
night withoutfixing any time for the final adjourn-
ment; but if we are to fix a time, I hope that we
shall fix it at least as late as Tuesday next.
The Senator from Kansas tells us that we are
not accustomed to engage in the business that we
are here to transact until we fix and know the
time we are to adjourn. Well, sir, we have been
at work here for two months, night and day. I
think this Congress for the last two or three
months has labored as diligently as any Congress
in the history of the Republic. It is now nearly
twelve o'clock on Saturday night. The House
ofRepresentatives is considering a tax bill to meet
the demands of u measure we have passed to-day
for calling soldieis into the field. When are wc
to act upon it here? Are we to meet here on Mon-
day morning at eleven o'clock and settle a great
question of that kind before twelve o'clock on
that day ? It is an impossibility; it cannot be
done.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Why not meet at
nine o'clock or seven o'clock on Monday? lam
willing to sit here all night.
Mr. WILSON. [ do not believe the Senate
will do that. Besides, we ought to go into exec-
utive session to-night.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I want to go into ex-
ecutive session to-ni^ht.
Mr. WILSON. If Senators desire to sit here
through the night and wait until we get that tax
220
bill and act upon it, then, when we have acted
•upon that measure, 1 am ready-to fix the hour for
adjournment; but while that measure is pending
I am opposed to fixing any-hour; at any rate, to
fixing an hour so early as twelve o 'clock on Mon-
day next.-
Mr. LANE, of Kfcns&s. Why adjourn at all?
Why hot.continue ih session?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know that we are
crowded to thatextent. We have been here agreat
deal of time during the last few weeks j and 1 know
that we are all anxious to get home.
The Senator tells us that a presidential election
is pending. I think the less we have to do with the
presidential election for the next two months the
better; and the less„we have had to do with it
this last winter and spring the better it was for
us. Wc are told the country is to take care of
all that. It will do very well for me to go into the
presidential election about the 1st of September.
When our armies are in the field and all thoughts
and hearts are upon them, I do not want to see
a long, drizzling presidential contest; I have no
heart for it at all.'
Now, sir, I believe candidly that this hot haste
we have here to adjourn and go home 
TVIr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose we fix Monday
at twelve o'clock for an adjournment, and the
Houseofllepresentatives do notget through with
the measure they have now under consideration,
will not the House be equally patriotic as our-
selves? Will they notrefusetoacceptouramend-
ment to this resolution? This resolution must
go back to the House; we cannot adjourn with-
out their action; and we can trust something to
the House of Representatives. They will be as
patriotic as ourselves.
Mr. WILSON. We have any quantity of
messages hurrying us up; we have been told that
after such hours of this very day we would not
have a quorum; but I believe there is still one
left. There is no security, however, that there
will be a quorum there on Monday at twelve
o'clock if we now fix that hour for the final ad-
journment. Everybody understands that fixing
the*hour of adjournment at twelve o'clock on
Monday next means that nothing shall be done
on Monday next. Senators acquainted with the
mode of doing business here will know that to
be so.
If we had that tax bill before us and it was
acted upon, I would hasten away from here as
soon as anybody else; but I believe that ourduty
is here and now, and to stand here and remain in
Congress until that tax measure is settled by the
vote of the House of Representatives, and, if
favorably, until we settle it here. In spite of all
the estimates that have been made in regard to
the amount of revenue to be derived from the in-
ternal tax bill in Congress and out of it the peo-
ple of this country have come to the conclusion
that it will nut raise the money which the exi-
gencies of the country require. Every practical
man in the country believes it, and men of intel-
ligence and character are telegraphing and writ-
ing to us to pass immediate legislation on the
subject. The Secretary of the Treasury proposed
a tax of eighty or ninety million dollars We'do
not touch that, but we passed a bounty bill that
is to cost us before we meet again from twenty-
five to sixty million dollars at least, and now it
is proposed to lay a-tax to pay these additional ;
expenses that we have put upon the country. I
1 do not believe our people want to see us at j
home until we have settled these tilings. 1 know !
that I shall meet no welcome if we hasten away j
fiom here and go home and leave a question of i
that kind undone. The publicpress ofthecoun- ;
try is unanimous against this hasty adjournment :
of Congress, and the public press of the country j
expresses the deep-settled sentiment of this coun- ;
try; for say what we may about failures since j
this war commenced, there has been more failure |
in the Thirty-Eighth Congress than anywhere |
- — —-1 l ui in. juu.iJiuini'ffWHwiHBp*
else since the war commenced. These tax; meas-
ures, thatweaUftdmitarenow inadequate, every*-
body says 'baght to have been passed some four
or five months ago. 1 do mot wish to say this to
putany blame upon anybody; but there isa fee-
ing in the country that we have ttpt done what
ought tovh*ve been done, ami we did not do il when
it ought to have been done. The public voice of
the country, as expressed by the public press of
the country, is not very flattering to the action of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress. I have no doubt
there is a great deal of injustice done tfsj for with
the exception of the Thirty-Seventh Congress-—
a Congress that sat more hours and did more
work and did more great acts for the country and
for the cause of mankind than any Congress
since the Congress that made the Declaration of
Independence—I say, with the exception of that
Congress, no Congress has worked so many hours
as this; but it has not been quite so fortunate as
it ought to have been in timing all its measures.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this adjournment on
Monday next. I am opposed to fixing to-night
the hour of adjournment until I know what wo
are to do with that tax bill j but if we are to fix
the hour, I hope it will be, at any rate, as late as
Tuesday at twelve o'clock, so that we will have
Monday to work for the country if need be.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall support the prop-
osition to adjourn on Monday, and I do not know
what authority Senators have to say that we are
adjourning in hot haste. This is the second or
third resolution for adjournment that the House
of Representatives have sent to this body. No
response has been made to the House. The res-
olutions of the Hbuse from time to time have been
allowed to he on the table unnoticed and uncareid
for, so far as this body is concerned, until the
present time. Who says thisishothaste? The
committees have made their reports and are ready
to close up their business to-night.
Mr. President, I think the real interests of the
country require the adjournment of Congress;
and I say it with the very greatest respect to the
Senators who have charge of the policy of the
Government. When we met here lastDecembar
there was something like stability in trade; .there
was something like uniformity of prices; the com-
mercial world knew something of what it was up
to. I ask any Senator if that is the case now?
When we met gold was worth 160; it is nowfrom
200 to 270. No man can tell what it is worth.
No man can tell the value of anything in the coun-
try; and why? Because there has been no sta-
bility in the legislation of Congress. As I had
occasion to say some weeks ago, the commercial
world is afraid to see the American Congress in
session; and why? Because we do not standby
any policy.
We have passed, I believe, two internal rev-
enue bills: one was confined to whisky,I admit,
and the other was the general internal tax bill.
We have passed two tariff bills: one a bill increas-
ing the tariff fifty per cent, for sixty days; the other
was the general tariff law. We have passed two
laws to regulate the price of gold, under both of
which gold went up and went down according to
accidents. I ask Senators if to-day the commerce
of the country ja not in a worse condition because
of this action of Congress, if the entire trade of
the country is not deranged because of the insta-
bility of our legislation? And at this late hour,
when it was expected that we would adjourn, a
revenue bill is introduced into the House of Rep-
resentatives, and U is expected that we will take
up the third revenue measure and pass it*
Senators say we must have money to support
the war. True, wc must; but if we have this
war supported and the Government maintained
we muist have a healthy trade at home; we must
have commerce pursuing its channels undisturbed
by uncertain legislation Does the manufacturer
know to-day what to rely upon? .Does the. pro-
ducer of any of the great commodities know to-
day what to rely upon? He acts upon legisla-
tion which bears upon his interest, supposing it
is to remain for some time, and before he has
