1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &L0B1.
507
tion as " cruel and remorseless." It is this sym-
pathy with the slaveholding and land-possessed
aristocracy which leads the rebellion, and the
hopes which the passage of this resolution would
blight, which caused the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] to tell us that we
must treat for peace, arid that' we cannot conquer
the armed powers of the rebellion—a declaration
worthy of a man who discards the term "loyalty,"
but unworthy of one who holds a seat in the Con-
gress of the United States.
( Mr. Speaker, the friends of this joint resolu-
tion look beyond the limits of this rebellion. They
do not expect an extermination of the people of
the southern States. They look for that submis-
sion which has always followed the overthrow
of military power—the submission of the defeated
people to tin; authority of the stronger side in the
contest. We have full faith in the strength and
perpetuity of the Republic. We have faith in
the principles of our Constitution, and look with
fuil confidence for the coming of the time when
the people shall enter upon the perfect enjoyment
the^rights, privileges, and liberties which the
Constitution was ordained to establish and perpet-
uate. We expect to meet, in the onward and tri-
umphant march of this Republic, a " redeemed,
regenerated, and disenthralled" South. We ex-
pect to join hands with it, and march forward in
the accomplishment of the grand mission of this
Republic. We expect to see the power of the
southern States taken from the hands of a cruel
and remorseless" aristocracy and restored to the
rightful possession of a whole people. We ex-
pect to labor for the elevation of that people, and
knowing that the first step toward that elevation
is the destruction of that aristocratic and semi-
teudal system which has heretofore existed in the
South, we favor the pending resolution, favor it
for the masses against the despotic and traitorous
few, favor it for democracy against aristocracy.
We would make the mass landholders by break-
ing up the land monopoly of the rebel slaveholders
of the South and placing land within the reach
of the poor, and thus add to the dignity and as-
sert the mdiv iduality of every man. We are woi Ic-
ing out the problem which the fathers bequeathed
to us, the establishment of a pure Republic. By
the red uction of the great land power of the leadeis
of the rebellion, through the operation of our sys-
tem of sales of laud delinquent under the law for
direct taxation, and the enforcement of the con-
stitutional powet of forfeiture, we expect to reach
fhe grand result of a general distribution of the
land of the South among the people. An accom-
plishment of this expected result works the death
of that aristocratic power which is compassing
the destruction of the Republic.
Sir, we are looking to the ultimate elevation of
the "common people" of the southern States.
We expect to make them a power in opposition
to that which has heietofore ciushed their spirit
and made them political slaves. We expect our
policy to result in the establishment of tlio.se gi eat
industrial,economical, and educational puneiples:
which have made the free States supreme in this
great contest between despotism and liberty. We
expect to realize as the fully ripened fruit of out
policy the perfect establishment of a republican-
ism winch has ever lived m theory but never en-
thioned itself on the continent of Ameiiea except
where the sway of freedom was perfect and no
slave appealed to the Grod of justice. We look
foiward to the time when the school-house, the
academy, the college, and the church shall 111 the
South measuie numeiical stiength with the same
great guatdians of republicanism and morals in
the divinely-favored land of theNoith We look
forward to the time when the child of the " poor
white" of the South shall possess the satne edu-
cational advantages winch the free spirit of the
North has accmded to the oflspnng of the lieh and
the poor in common. We are looking to the ad-
vantages of a whole people, and not merely to the
privileges of a caste, as seems to be the case with
gentlemen who oppose this joint resolution. We |
keep pace with the measured step of the eiviliza- 1
tion of the nineteenth century, and urge those who
are behind us to advance to our position. What-
ever of good we possess, we desue to extend to ,
others—not as cowards to those whom they fear, 1
but as a magnanimous people to those whom they ■
can conquer and forgive. j
1 will consume no more of the time of the House ,
with this subject. The case is made up and fully
understood. Those who approve the passage of
the joint resolution must stand before the coun-
try as opposed to the Constitution, opposed to the
true interest of the country, opposed to the eleva-
tion of the poor whites of theSauth,and in favor
of shielding the leaders of the rebellion from the
punishment which their enormous crime deserves.
They have made their own issue, and all the
speeches they have delivered—filled with hollow
pretensions of devotion to the Constitution, love
of the Union, regard for the rights of the people,
and reverence for the teachings of our civiliza-
tion—will not enable them to disguise the true
character of the issue. Fine words will not mis-
lead the people. Talking for the Union, and act-
ing and voting for a disunion rebellion, is amask
too thin to conceal the complexion of the face
which it covers. Protestations of loyalty to the
Government, coming from lips which, in regard
to our armed defense of the nation, ask "When
shall this hellish crusade of blood and famine
cease?" are no moie sincere thanwas the kiss
of Judas. The latter was an act oFbetrayal, and
the former are intended to accomplish no nobler
end.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot close without calling the
attention of the House and of the country to one
significant fact. For some two weeks we have
been listening to speeches made by gentlemen
who approve this joint resolution, filled with the
bitterest denunciations of the Administration, of
congressional action, of every act resorted to by
the Government for the suppression of the rebel-
lion and the restoration of ihc authority of the
Republic throughout its entire dominion, but in
no one of these speeches c n be found a senti-
ment which would excite the ire or even wound
the feelings of Jefferson Davis and those who are
holding up his hands m Richmond. Sir, this is
not the result of accident. The speeches are too
numerous and the practice too uniform to admit
of any such explanation. Sympathy with rebels
and bailors alone could produce such a shameful
and extraoidmaiy result. 1 leave this fact with
the countiy, feeling assured that the people will
fully understand it, and properly dispose of its
author.
During the course of the above speech,
Mr. COX said: I ask the gentleman to give way
to me for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. I cannot; I have not time.
Mr. COX. ITe dare not.
The SPEAKER . The gentleman from Ohio
is out of oi der, and will take his seat. The gen-
tleman from Iowa is entitled to the floor without
interiuption.
Mr. COX. I beg pardon of the. Chair.
Mr. Wilson's time having expired before he
had concluded his remarks, he asked unanimous
consent of the House to print the residue of his
speech.
M«. COX objected.
Mr. PRUYN. I was not in the House this
morning when this subject was taken up. I had
expected to make some remarks upon it, and be-
ing precluded from doing so I ask leave to print
them.
Mr. TOUT WELL. I object.
M . RICE, of Maine, i. object inasmuch as
oi>]f-euon was made upon the other side of the
! House to the gentleman fiom Iowa having the
same pi i vilege,
Alt. IMHJVN. J hope objection will be with-
drawn <Mi both sides of the House.
Mr. RICC, of Manic. I will withdraw mine
■ if the gentleman fi om Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is per-
, muted n. pi ;nt the balance of his speech.
i Mr. COX. I object to that because thegentle-
| man did not show proper coin tesy to this side of
' the House when he was speaking by our courtesy.
; Mr. RICE, of Maine. 'L'nen I object to any |
i printing !>v gentlemen on thaisideof the House.
Mr. COX. i will wuhdiciw my objection if
. theie can be general consent for members all round
i the House to print their speeches,
j Mi. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no; I
' object to that.
j Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have sought the j
■ floor for two weeks past to address the House
| upon tins question, m which I feel much inteiest,
[ but have been unable to obtain it. I should like
! to do so now.
i Several Membluo objected. i
The SPEAKER. The main questioft having
been ordered on the passage of the bill* no further
debate is in order.   ' • ;
Mr. PENDLETON". Is it too late to move to
reconsider rhe vote by'which the main question
was ordered?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PENDLETON, Then I move to reccftj-
sider that vote, so that gentlemen upon both sides
of the House may have an opportunity for further
discussion.
Mr. WILSON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Jacob-B. Blair, Blow,
Boutwell,Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark,
Fieeman CUuke, Cobb, Cole, Cresvvell, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Deining, Donnelly,
Drigg", Elior, Ffirnsworth, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Goocfo,
Grinnell, lligby, Hooper, JTotchkts-s, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John 11. Hubbard, Hulburd, Jeuckes, Julian, Kelley, Fran-
cis YV. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,Loan,Longyear,MaryiR,
McBiidc, McClurg, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, MoOV-
he'ad, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Pcrham, JPiice,
I^mieroy, William II. Randall, Alexander II. Eice, John
II. Rice. Edwaid II. Rollins, Sehenck, Scofieid, Shannon,
Sloan, Smuhers, Spalding, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van
Valkenbnrgh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Wilson, Wmdotn, and Woodbrulge—81.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Francis P. Blah, Bliss,
Brooks, James P. Biown, William G. Brown, Cbanler,
Clav, Coft'roth, Cox, Cravens, Denmson, Eden, Edgerton,
Eld ridge, Fmfk, Gannon, Grider, Hale, Hall, Harding, Har-
rington, Benjamin G. Harris, IJemek, Ifoiman, Ilutchms,
William Johnson, Kalblleisch, Roman, King, Knapp,Lnw,
Lazear, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, Marey. McAllister, Mc-
Dowell, MeKinney, Middleton, William H, Miller, James
R. Morris, Mot n^on, Nelson, Noble, Odell, John 0'Neil.J,
Pendleton. Pruyn, Itadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ros«, Scott, Smith, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Tiaey, Voorhees, WadMVorth, Webster, Whaley,
Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Williams, Winfield, and Yea-
man—79.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. VOORHEES moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PENDLETON" demanded the yeas and
navs.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. VOORHEES. With the consent of the
House, I would like to make a statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then call the roll.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 1G, nays 89-, as>follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eon.i, Aiiiai-lus O. Baldwin. Bliv*. James S. Brown, Chan-
k'i,Ciav, Dfimisoii,Edgerion,Glider,Hauling,Iialbfleiseli,
Noble. Pimn.and William G. Steele—16.
NAYS—Mess-i" Alley, Allison, Ame<, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Afhlej. Baily, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bearrian,
Jacob B. Blau, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Bianclegee, Broom-
all, William G. Biown, Ambrose W. Clnik, Freeman
Ciai ke, Cobb, Cole, Ores \\elJ. Hem yWintor Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dawes, Demimr, Donnelly, Driggs Eliot,Fains-
woith, Fentou, Ftank, Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell, Male,
Jlmbv, Hooper, UotehkLs. A=ah«t W. Huhhard, John H.
Hubbaid, Hulburd, Jeneke^, Julian, Kelley, Fiancis W.
Kellogg. Orlando Kellogg, Lazear, Loan, Longyeai, Mar-
vin, McBride, McOhug, Mclndoe," Middleton, Hainue,! F.
Miller, Moorhead, Momll, Daniel Morns, Amos Myeis,
Leonaid Myers, Noiton, Chailes O'Neill, Oith, Patterson,
Peiham, Poiwto\, William H. Randall, John II. Uict:,
Ross, Sehenek, Scofudd, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Small-
er?, Spalding, Steven<. Thayei, Thomas, Upson, Van Vaik-
enhuich, Eliliu B. Wa>hbiirne, William B. Washburn,
Web>tci, Williams, Wilson, Wuulom, and Wood bridge—69.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRAVENS moved that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. PENDLETON demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WILSON called for tellers on the ye$s
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Pendleton wen; appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-se\en in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
4, nays 82; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Ganson, Ilohnan, Lazear,and James S„
Unllni—4
NAY S—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Arnold,
A-lib y, An uibtus (J. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter,
