3506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
exhausted the stock With which he has supplied
himself the policy of the Government is changed.
When we met here the tax upon whisky was
twenty cents, and men were carrying on that
great interest amounting to millions of dollars
every month with the understanding that there
would be treasonable increase. Then Congress
raised it to sixty cents a gallon, and the traders
of the country supposed that that was to be the
policy of the country. They had a righUo sup-
pose it was to be the policy of the Government.
They had a right to suppose that the committees
having charge especially of the revenue had con-
sidere'd the question before they threw out upon
the country the new measure. Then the House
of Representatives says it shall be a dollar, and
-the Senate says fromadollartoadollarand a half.
A committee of conference is appointed, and that
committee says it shall be adollar and a half to
two dollars. The trade is going on. There is
no regularily, no stability in our trade.
I ask Senators if this is for the good of the
country, if it is for the support of the Govern-
ment? This Government in its finances has got
to rest upon firm trade at home. If you break
up men by instability of legislation you withdraw
fiom the Government that firm support which it
must have if this war is to be prosecuted any
great length of time. Do Senators doubt tins?
My judgment is that the eailiest adjournment is
for the good of the country. If we would adopt
a policy and stand by it, it is not so important
what that policy shall be. It is notso important
wheiher the tax upon manufactures shall be five
or seven or ten per cent., or wheiher the tax
upon whisky shall be fifty cents or $1 50; it is
not so important what it shall be, but wlmt it is
to be ought to be permanent and stable, that the
trade of the country may not continually be dis-
turbed in this way. 1 am in favor of an imme-
diate adjournment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 do not agree with my
friend from Indiana. I am myself disposed to
look all our necessities carefully in the face and
view all that belongs to legislation in aid of ad-
ministration required by the present emergency,
i du not again agree with the gentlemen who are
adveiae in opinion altogether, as to the necessity
of this proposed increase of taxation. I do not
bel leve that it is necessary to assess the extraor-
dinary tax asked for by the letter of the late Sec-
retary of the Treasury. I have never believed
in the philosophy of his policy, able man as he has
been uml is. In my judgment weare really rather
unnecessarily overtaxing ourselves; and in affirm-
ing this proposition of course I shall have to as-
sert something like a plausible reason for it or
be held to use language improperly.
A condition uf war in any country may be
called an abnormal condition as against the con-
dition of peace, calling (hat normal, and using
these worthy as applicable to the condition of the
Republic. There aie rules that belong to one con-
dition and rules that belong to the other, in a
healthy, natural, and legitimate growth and con-
duct of the Republic our expenses as a Govern-
ment should not exceed at the present day over
. $80,000,000. Properly and economically admin-
istered, tins Government, war aside, should not
exceed the charge of $80,000,000 of appropria-
tion per annum. Weaie in a state of war, winch
involves our drawing upon our internal and ex-
traordinary resources to the extent of the imme-
diate exigency. How shall it be done? There
are various ways in which it may be done; but
it may be best summed up, without going into
any lengthy argument, in the sum of the regular
interest the Government is able to pay upon a
given liability; that is, her present capacity to
pay the interest upun the debt with which she
seeks to charge herself, the Government, having
relation to the money and the credit of the world.
We now at this present day stand charged with
ioSn ,'Jjn'"$75,000,000 per annum responsible for
$80,IX)U,(JUO per annum on interest account. The
securities that this Government could afford
would command par at Hamburg, Amsterdam,
Rotterdam, and the pjuees where money is ex-
changed H) Europe 
A'Jr. COzViNJS^S. Will my cotteaguegive way
to allow me to make a motion that when we ad-
journ H be to meet at a certain hour on Monday
fvlnrniniii ) ^
morning?
Mr. McDOUGALL
Yen, sir
Mr. CONNESS. I move that when the Sen-'
ate adjourns to-night it be to meet at half past
nine o'clock on Monday morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to considering the motion of the Sena-
tor from California?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object until we settle
the other question.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Objection being
made, it cannot be considered at the present time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. With the known ca-
pacity of this Government to pay an interest ac-
count of $150,000,000 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 beg the Senator's par-
don for interrupting him; but I desire to make an
appeal to my friend from Illinois to withdraw his
objection to the motion of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, [Mr. Conness ] It is now twelve o'clock,
the beginning of Sunday; and I hope he will
allow us to fix an earlier hour for meeting on
Monday than usual. If we do not now fix the
time at half past nine o'clock or some other time
we will adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. Very'well; let us meet at
eleven. That is the usual hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think it is worth
while, so long as the Senate refuses to fix any day
for an adjournment, to be meeting here at nine
o'clock in the morning. 1 am opposed to any
such thing until we fix a day for adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made. The Senator from California will resume
his remarks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have been bold enough
within my internal consciousness to differ with
the policy of the late Secretary of the Treasury,
the policy that has been administered here with
us, in this, that we have not, m undertaking to
handle our finances, related ourselves to the cap-
ital of the moneyed and commercial world. We
can afford to pay interest not only for $80,000,000
but twice $80,000,000, pay it in gold and silver,
and deliver it at the banking-houses oil the Con-
tinent and in London. We can do more than is
required by the present taxes that are assessed
on our people. We have taxes that will answer
our interest account; we have taxes that will pay
our legitimate normal expenses, and we have
taxes then to make a large sinking fund to meet
ultimate results. When we can putf 100,000,000,
as the present taxes show, as a sinking fund,
with our present indebtedness, and perhaps
$75,000,000 on what may be called ultimate in-
debtedness, pay our interest, pay our normal ex-
penses, and then have a sinking fund equivalent
to $75,000,000, we are not in any unhealthy condi-
tion. We aie overtaxing our people without any
necessity in the philosophy of politico-economical
science, or by any rule of economical finance.
I wish to produce these things notso much that
they will involve a conclusion on the part ofSen-
ators; but I desire to say that when our revenue
pays our interest and a large surplus of our inter-
est, and we derive an income over and above our
normal expenditures and a surplus of$100,000,000
to meet accidents or to meet the contingencies in
the period of time to take up the burden that has
been suddenly thrust upon us, we are in a more
healthy condition than England ever was in any
time of war.
I am disposed to sympathize with the remarks
made by the Senator from Ohio not long since on
the floor of the Senate. We do not know our
strength, and we have not measured it by the
rules and laws that determine the strength of a
people. But if we do not administer that strength
properly, if we administer it unwisely, if we tax
when taxation is not necessary, we paralyze our
D'le. This extraordinary addition of taxation
a toward the disease called paralysis. There
is no occasion for it, so that we are able to pay
the interest upon our debt, so that we stand upon
the basis of normal expenditure, and then have i
a reasonable surplus which tends toward the ex- j
tinguishment of indebtedness as soon as weare
relieved from our abnormal condition.
We are not to be forever at war. Some time
the angel will descend upon us breathing peace.
It must come soon, or else there will be long and
continuous war; but we must assume ill the phi-
losophy of administration and in the philoso-
phy of legislation that peace is something to be
achieved, and there must be an end of this great
expenditure. In the estimates thathave been pre-
sented from the various Departments of the Gov-
ernment this has been assumed and calculations
have been made upon it. The trouble has been
that in this assumption they have related them-
selves to their present contingencies and not to
the true law of relations between the property
resources of the country and the facilities that the
moneyed and commercial world afford. When
this is done, whenever the time comes that it can
be done by some sufficient person, we shall have
but little trouble about our finances, and the cur-
rency of the United States issued by authority of
law can be soon made gold and silver.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
California give way to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, sir; I Will not. I
am on thefloorand shall occupy but ashort time.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is after twelve
o'clock.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am speaking in a good
cause,and I am not violating the Sabbath.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator yield for a
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will not.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
refuses to yield.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think no better service
can be rendered to the great Master of us all, even
on the SabbatFTliay, than the maintenance of the
truth, particularly with regard to the great ques-
tions that involve the interest of our nation.
I say these things for the reason that I hold it
is not important that we add to the taxation al-
ready imposed; and having said this much, and
yielding now to the over-anxiety and the undue
anxiety of persons who, if in office, do not, in my
judgment, feel the responsibility of office, I shall
close my remarks in a very brief observation
without extending my argument to its ultimate
conclusion.
I know that it is valueless to undertake to en-
gage in counsel with those who will not listen to
counsel. When Senators against me offer counsel
my ears are open. I will listen to them from
morning until high noon, from noon until mid-
night, and then again from midnight until high
noon, if it be for the interest or tends to subserve
the interest of the country which I have under-
taken to take, in part, charge of.
I repeat that-the present tax bills are sufficient,
administered with a wise economy, with a sound
policy, and with a just understanding of our re-
sources, our capabilities, and our material to the
commercial and moneyed influences of the world.
But, sir, I must say this thing of hurrying an
adjournment and casting over the legitimate busi-
ness of legislation because men are anxious to get
home, because men are anxious to escape from
the place where the Government convenes, is a
wrong on the part of the representatives in this
Hall and in the other Hall, and every other place
where men have official duties. As long as there
was business to be done I would rather sit here
every day of the three hundred and sixty-five days
and a fraction and do what should be done. My
own opinion is that to close up our business prop-
erly we should sit here longer than the time de-
nominated. I think we cannot well dispose of
our present business carefully before some time
on Wednesday morning. I shall vote for the
latest hour denominated, not moving one myself;
but it will not be because I think we need to add
to our present taxation,for 1 am confident in the
opinion that weare now already overtaxing our-
selves beyond the necessities demanded by a well-
considered administration of our finances.
Mr. SUMMER. It is now Sunday morning,
a quarterof an hour aftermidnight. 1 move that
the Senate do now adjourn,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Let us settle
this question.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Before the vote is
taken I desire to say thatl have just been informed
that the tax bill, as it is called, in the House of Rep-
resentative has been defeated by four majority,
