1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
i«g tribunal of public opinion that we intend to
present the acts of the Administration and of this
Congress, and I warn you to beware of the record
you make here. Let it be such a one as shall be
sanctioned by the Constitution, and you need not
fear the ordeal of public opinion.
But on this great question of the rights and
duties of the Representative, I ask to read from
the same great speech which was quoted from
to-day by my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Voor-
hees.]
in a speech which Mr. Webster delivered in
the Senate of the United States-in 1834, he thus
describes the duty of a Representative:
"But, sir, if the people have a right to discuss the official
conduct of the Executive, .so have their Itcpie^entativeh.
We have been taught to icgard a 'U'pie.-enutivo ot the
people a -sentinel on tin; watch-tower of liberty. Is he
to be blind though visible dftngei appioaches? is he to be
deaf though sounds ot pci li fiii the an ? I  lie to be dumb
while a thousand duties impel him to rat-.e the eiy ot
alaim? Is he not, rather, to catch the honest whimper
which breather intention or purpo>e ot encroachment on
the public liberta'?-, ami to give ins voice bieath and uttcr-
unee ai the fii*>t nppeaimiee of dangei ? If not his eye to
traverse the whole hoiizon with the keen aed eager vision
of an unhooded hawk, detecting, thiough all disuses,
every enemy advancing in any lomi tovvaid the citadel
which he guards?
'•Siutlus watchfulness for public liberty, this duty of
foreseeing dangct and proclaiming it, ihi-- piouiptitude and
boldness in resisting a fay on the Constitution trom any
quaiter, this defense of established landmarks, this leatle^s
resistance of wlwtevei would tuins>cend or remove them,
all belong to th«i representative chitutcicr, are inteivvovou
with its very nature. If depuved of them, an active, in-
telligent, faithful agent of the people will be converted
into an unresisting and passive monument of pouci. A
representative body which gives up these  ijjhts and duties
gives Itself up. It is a representative body no longer. !t
has broken the tie between itself and its constituents, and
henceforth is fit onlv to be leirnrded as nn inert, seh'-,-aeii
ficed mass, from which all appioprute principle ot vitality
has depaited forever."
Sir, this is a right which we cannot, dare not
surrender, the right of unrestricted, free debate in
this Hull of the people's Representatives. And
i say again, the day when that light shall be
stricken down in this Hall will he anions the sad-
dest days in American hi slot y, We intend hen*,
ns become men having due regard to the tights
of our fellow-members on thus lloor,on all proper
occasions within the rules of the 1 louse, to dis-
cuss all questions that may pertain to the interests
of tlie people. What, sir, is left to a free people
when they do not enjoy the light of free speech and
the right of being heard in the hails of legislation
through their Representatives? Stiike down that
great right, and you have no other left worth bat-
tling for in a fiee country. On this subject 1 can-
not read anything so eloquent, ho foieible,and so
appropriate as that splendid declaration made by
Daniel Webster m reference to the light of free
speech. He says:
<{ It U the ancient and undoubted pH-iogaiive of tins p.>o-
flc to canvass public measures and i lie met us ot public men.
t is a i home-bied ii^lu,' a Invade pitvilege. It hath cvei
been cnjoy< d in < veiy hoiw, eotiagr, and <. abm in the na
tlou. Itis not to hediawn in coniiovci>\,. It is as un-
doubted as breathing the an or walking on the eai ilk. Be-
longing to puvate lite as a light,it belongs m public life as
a dutj, Muci it !>• th« last duty which thoM> who-.e m pie«*nt-
ntive I iuu ?.haU hud me to abandon. Aiming at all tunes
to bo courteous and tent pei ate m its use, rxei.er wiifn thc
Rl«HT TiShLK IS QIJF.s. 1'IONKO, I isll.lli place nt\>eii (in the
extienie boundary of my right and hid defiance to any aim
that would move me trom my giound.
" Tbih high constitutional puvdege I ^liali dele ml and ex-
orcise within this llouseand tn ail places ; in tnn« ot peace
and at all tones. Livum I shall assert it ; and should 1 leave
no oihei mhi-iitance to my children, by the blessing ol (*od
1 Will leave them the inheuiane'iol Ih-mj piuieiples and the
example ol a manly, independent, and constitutional de-
fense of them."
\ desire here to say that I most fully adopt these
noble sentiments of the great defender of the Con-
stitution. The maintenance ot this great right of
free speech is the last duty which those whose
Representative 1 am shall find me to abandon. 1
honor that brave old defender of the Constitution
because lie uttered that language, which was the
language of a free, untrammelcd spirit in the dis-
charge of a high duty.
1 wiii detain this House no longer. I have tres-
passed already loo long on its patience. Sir, in
iiefense of the light of my colleague to finely de-
bate and discuss all public questions without ex-
pulsion or censure, 1 hold up before him and
against this resolution of expulsion, the senti-
ments so eloquently expressed by the great Web-
ster and the pi maples of the Constitution of my
country. If through these ho shah be pierced and
fall, ho will be but a common victim in this
House, where the rights of the people shall have
been stricken down.
Mr. DUMOjNT obtained the floor, but yielded
temporarily to the gentleman from West Yu-
gmta, [Mr. Whaley.J
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Speaker, holding the
floor for a few moments by the courtesy of the
gentleman from Indiana, and not being permitted
to discuss this most importantquestion at length,
I simply desire to repel the assertion made by
the distinguished gentleman from New York,[Mr.
Fernando Wood,] that there is no such tiling as
a war Democrat. Coming, as I do, from a new-
born State, I wish to say that we have raised
twenty regiments and four batteries of artillery
composed largely of loyal Democrats—Jackson
Democrats, Douglas Democrats, who will stand
by the Government and by the Administiation.
1 wish also to reply to a lemark of the gentleman
from Ohio, and to ask him whether there is a sin-
gle gentleman on this side of the House calling
himself a Democrat who 1ms not been elected
strictly on a war platform? Have you not,every
one of you, been elected on a war platform? If
you had expressed at home, during the canvass,
treasonable sentiments, if you hud opposed the
war, if you had expressed to your people such
treasonable sentiments as the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] do you suppose your
constituents, as war Democrats, would have per-
mitted you to come here? Not one of you.
Why, sir, at the very time thegentleman from
Maryland was delivering his speech, pouring out
his sentiments of treason, I was in my seat read-
ing a letter from a patriotic citizen of my district,
whose wife had been murdered byguetnllas, led
on by these traitors of the southern confederacy!
Sir, if this is to be the creed of the Democratic
party, I want nothing to do with timt party in
future. If the distinguished gentleman from .New
Yoik [Mr. Fernando Wood] is to be recog-
nized (\a the leader of the Democratic p*u ty in
this House, I do not desire to be counted as tine
of his followers. What the country wants now
is action and not talk. Let us legislate for the
good of the country. Let us light triutots North
and South, in the Army and out of the At my. Let
us sustain the glorious Ai my that has gone out to
light the battles of the country. Let us prose-
cute this war until the sun -spangled bannei shall
be waved upon eveiy lull, in eveiy valley, and
until if shall dip its folds in the waves of the blue
and deep Pacific. [Applause in the galleries.]
Air. IHJMONT 1 confers, .\1 r. Speaker, that
I do nut rise to paiticipate in this discussion with-
out trepidation and fear. For me to mingle in
diseusMon in connection with the gentlemen who
have spoken upon this lesoiution seems to be al-
most piesumptuous. And if it were not for the
fact that 1 regaid my constituents as equally in-
telligent with and as equally entitled to be rup-
K'seuted upon this floor as the constituents of any
gentleman in this House, I would not undertake
the task. l>ut, sir, my constituents have the light
to be heaid here, even though they may be so un-
fortunate as to have a feeble representative. They
have just as dear an interest m this country as the
constituents of any other man. They have just
as stiong an interest m preserving the Constitu-
tion of the country as the constituents of the man
of the most exalted intellect that cvei stood upon
ibis iloor. If that Constitution by the conduct
of bad men is made to bleed in every pore, they
Buffer as much as if they were represented by a
Darnel Webster or a Henry Clay or the distin-
guished and brilliant gentleman from Maryland,
[Air. Davis.j Therefore it is that, although I am
young upon this floor, and although the older I
get the more hesitation i have m appearing before
the public, I feel it to be my duty on this occasion,
and not only my duty but my privilege, to sup-
erinduce a few remaiks upon the question before
the House. Though the body may be weak the
spnit should be strong. And I should be able to
bland erect likea man, and with a degree of holy
boldness, if 1 may so speak, utter in the language
of truth what may be properly spoken.
Sir, we cannot see into a human heart. The
human heart is invisible, and therefore it is, when
we arc trying one ol our fellow-men, as we aie
doing now—lor although we are a legislative body,
yet for this purpose we die acting judicially—al-
though, I say, we cannot see into the heart, yet,
while passing upon the conduct of a fellow-man,
arraigned here upon a grave charge, it becomes
oui duty to judge of his conduct and his purposes
by those external signs and tokens through which
alone one human being can judge of the intentions
of another.
Now, suppose I were to stand here and say
there is no God; that the Scriptures, the word of
divine truth, is a lie; that I believe man has no
soul; that I believe when he dies he perishes like
a brute; I believe there is no such thing as urtue;
that it is right to steal, to commit rape, arson,
perjury, and murder, and, going through the whole
catalogue of crime, declare that I believe that he
who is most rampant in the commission of these
crimes is entitled to the greatest consideiation,
would not everybody, instead of marching up to
me and giving me thehand of fellowship, instead
ofsayingto me," I admire your independence,you
talk like an honest man," be more likely to say,
" You do not talk like an honest man; you give evi-
dence of a wicked, depraved, and abandoned heart;
you seem to stand before us as a sample of moral
depravity?" That, Mr.Speaker, is the reflection
which presents itself to my humble mind and to
my humble intellect when i hear gentlemen slath-
ering the defendant all over with their praise for
his independence, while they condemn his words
and admit them almost as flagrant and monstrous
as those I have repeated.
Sir, I do not understand any such sentiment. I
would just as soon take asiimy reptile or a deadly
viper to my bosom. Nevertheless, sir, I entertain
no unkind feelings toward this gentleman aside
from those engendered by the abhorrent sentiments
that he has uttered. 1 have lived within twenty
miles ofh is residence much of my life. My former
district adjoins his, and I do not know whether he
recollects jtor not, that many years ago wemetat
a little village on the boideis of the two States,
but on his side of the line, as antagonists in a pro-
fession then common to us both. We then paited
in kindness and friendship, and I have not mot
him since until 1 met him on this floor and found
him on the side of the enemy, battling against his
native land, and attempting to trample under foot
the flag of his native country, sympathizing with
and pursuing a course well calculated to give aid
and comfort to the enemy.
Sir, i say a man may utter sentiments in seem-
ing sincerity so monstious and infamous as to
afford an index to his own soul, and to prove it
to he wicked, corrupt, and debased. Such as ho,
does not inspire me with that sentiment of respect;
no matter how much candor he may affect, no
matter how many hypocritical tears he may shed,
I do not feel inclined to take him to my aims.
I feel with the gentleman from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Afl'aits, [Mr.
Schenck,] who was assailed for something he
did dm nig the Mexican war. He is in the range
of my vision and bi ings trie matter to my iucol-
leetiou. lie was assailed for some resolutions he
offered dunng the Mexican war in regard to the
way in which it should be prosecuted. 1 bore a part
m that war, as did my colleague, [Mi. Cravens,]
who fought gallantly in that struggle. I bore a
humble pait, too, and he will bear me witness
that the men who were then engaged in fighting
for the country were sensitive in reference to any
one who gave aid and comfort to the enemy. I
say now before God that I have no recollection
of any soldier, fiom the humblest in the tanks up
to the major general, as ever having anaigned
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] for op-
position to the Mexican war. I understood it as
lie understands it, that he had his own opinions
in regard to the way m which the war should be
prosecuted. Whether they were the precise opin-
ions to be brought forward is not the qui stion.
That war was salisfactoiily terminated by the
nohie efforts of the American soldiers who car-
ried the flag, Mr. Speaker, which now floats
above you, through many victorious battle-fields.
Thank God, sir, that flag was never during that
war trailed ignominiously in the dust.
I witnessed a strange sight here on yesterday.
I also wiiiiessed a strange sight on Saturday last.
There is something peculiar m the human intel-
lect, that you cannot think of one thing without
comparing it with another. What I Then wit-"
nessed turned my mind into thoughts like these. I
supposed this a mountainous country, likeSwitz
erland, or the South American States, or Mexico;
and as m all mountainous countries hiding places
