1864
THE (CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and there pan, therefore, be no reason for us re-
maining longer than Monday. ,
Mr. CONNESS. It appears tome that if there
was no.reason before there is a great reason now
for not fixing the time for adjournment at noon
on Monday. Senators talk he^e as )f adjourning
were the main question, and legislation, the pro-
viding by taxation for the support of the Govern-
ment, the mere incident. It is not my office nor
my disposition to lecture the Senate nor to as-
sume any such manner; but I do plead with and
implore Senators, if they must fix a time for ad-
journment, to put it so distant that this great prob-
lem can be grappled even at this late period and
mastered Successfully.
I hope that the desire of the Senator from Kan-
sas to engage in presidential elections or senato-
rial elections will not control him nor control the
Senate. It is apparenuto us that some Senators
are not disposed to pass any more tax bills.
There are Senators here who have not voted for
any tax bills during the session. There was al-
ways a reason good enough to them to withhold
their votes from bills providing for the support
of the Government. Surely Senators chaiged
with carrying on this Government and with sus-
taining the Administration that carry it on will
not vote with them to adjourn this Congress with
the confession made that there has been insuffi-
cient provision for sustaining the great war that
is upon us.
1 hope, Mr. President, that we shall adjourn
to-night without fixing any time for the final ad-
journment. There is not a Senator here so anx-
ious as I am myself to go from this city. I have
not been out of the city, nor out of the Senate any
considerable part of a day, since the session be-
gan. But, sir, I would wait here and forego every
desire to reach home or friends or to transact
private business until the demands the country
makes upon us are first met. It is for the per-
formance of those duties in this way and manner
that we are here. It was with the pledge, either
direct or implied, that we would thus perform
those duties, Respective of our own personal
considerations, that we sought the great offices
we hold and accepted them. Sir, we cannot re-
treat from this city at this time upon the plea of
personal comfort or personal consideration with
credit to ourselves or with the highest perform-
ance of duty, in my opinion. I hope, therefore,
that we shall adjourn until'Monday, that we may
have an opportunity to meet and to deliberate
upon the views of the recent Secretary of the
Treasury, and the views-of the present, or pros-
pective, head'of that Department, and that we
shall in a manful manner remain here for a week
or two weeks longer, if it shall be necessary.
It is not true, in my opinion, that we have done
nothing. It never happens that any popular de-
liberative body, made up of two Houses, if you
please, coacting with each other, proceed with
exact regularUyand complete wisdom during the
whole period of their sessions. I believe this Con-
gress has done much, but I believe that if it leaves
this wotk uncompleted byan immediate adjourn-
ment it will do less than it might have done and
less than it should do. What is a week of our
time? We are paid for it; we are compensated
for being here; the country is entitled to all our
time. But we are met by being told that we are
•doing mischief. What is the mischief that we
have done?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator that
we have to-day done some mischief by providing
for the payment of $60,000,000 of bounty, and
now the House of Representatives refuse to pro-
vide the means to pay the very bounties they have
'said by law should be paid.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask the Senatorfrom Ohio
was it mischief to pass an act by which our armies
shall be replenished ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all; but I answer
that in my judgmentthe time has come when every
Senator should have been willing to meet a plain I
and imperativedraft,wnhoutevasion orequivocu- j
tion, without the payment of bounties, or throw- j
ing the burden upon other communities or por- \
tions of the people—a plain, positive draft, by j
which our people from every portion of the conn- ,
try might have been compelled to enter the mili- j!
tary service and render military service in this
time of need without the payment of bounties and
without any of these evasions that have been in-
corporated on the enrollment law., I say now
that in my deliberate judgment the law we passed
to-day is much worse for this country than any
failure in Congress to pass any measures what-
ever ofa financial character. It seems to me the
saddest thing that could possibly happen at the
close of this session that we should to-day have
provided for thepaymentof $60,000,000 ofboun-
ties within the next sixty or seventy days under
our law, and yet that we should refuse now to pro-
vide a small tax to pay for those bounties, and
thus throw this burden with the accumulation of
other burdens upon the Treasury of the United
States at a time when we are told by the recent
Secretary of the Treasury that our present system
of taxation is totally insufficient.
Mr. CONNESS. TheSenatorand myself, I be-
lieve, haVe agreed upon the exactstatement>of facts
that he has made of policy. I have said from
the beginning that it was the duty of the Govern-
ment, it was its right, to demand the services of
as many of its people as it required for its de-
fense. But, sir, we have not all been able to take
that view of the case, and finally an act has been
passed, as acts are always passed by legislative
bodies, being a compromise of views, which in-
volves, as the Senator from Ohio says, many,
millions of dollars as bounties. It were better
that we agreed to give those bounties and that
this Congress should even adjourn without mak-
ing the provision that I am told one branch has
to-night refused, than that this Army of ours
down here with the eyes of the world upon it
should be depleted and have to retreat before the
foe of the country. The alternative, on the other
hand, if we had not passed that act was terrible
to contemplate.
Mr. President, I took occasion insome remarks
in the Senate not long ago, in referring to the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to use this lan-
guage: " It appears to me that the Senator from
Massachusetts is endeavoring to reason away the
courage of the people." I thought so then; I
think so now; not that that was the Senator's
intention; far from it; but I think the policy
really was that m effect, When I heard that Sen-
ator and others talk about making the draft easy,
about the people not standing it hero andihe peo-
ple not standing it there, I began to feel that if it
were true the people were undeserving of a coun-
try, or else, if it were not true, the Senator who
spoke the words performed an act that was a
crime against the country.
But, sir, although theactto which the Senator
from Ohio refers was not acceptable to me in
many respects, I gave it my vote reluctantly, and
yet gladly, because some act repealing the com-
mutation clause appeared to be a necessity if we
are to maintain ourselves in this great struggle.
It finally carried bounties with it, making an in-
debtednessofadditionalmiliions;and now I appeal
to the Senator from Ohio, and to all other Sen-
ators who are charged with the conducting of this
Administration, whether they will agree to go
away from here without provision being made
for that indebtedness. It is not fair to conclude
because the Mouse of Repiesentatives have re-
fused to adopt an additional tax in one form that
they will not adopt it in another. Let the mem-
bers of that body who feel charged with the bur-
den and responsibility of this Government meet
in caucus; let them meet in counsel—that is the
better word—and let them determine what they
will do, and then let them stay here and perform
that irnpot tant wot k.
Why, .sir, 1 hold m my hand n.bill for the sur-
vey and sale of the mineral lands which, if tins
Congress remains in session for a week, or even
fur two days, I shall ask them to pass. I consent
to it as the representative ofa great mining region
where the policy is not a popular policy. I con-
sent to u for two reasons, and shall ask its pas-
sage if you, Senators, remain here. The two
reasons are these: fiist, that within a year it will
bring in millions of dollars into your Treasury;
and, next, because I believe that the greatest hap-
piness of a people connects itself with the owner-
ship of the soil. Theie can be no happiness, no
society, no education, no true freedom in any
country where its population are not owners of
the soil.
There are ways and means that we can provide;
there are ways and means that we can originate;
there is ability .enough in tjifg $trd I
think, if you wil| permit .ni^to jearjf ^;£fti&rthe
path of duty is plains Bat Senators tajk^gO^g
away from here. "When shall wegetAW^'ftf^Ja
the word. "Why do you keep us here?" iisjtjje
word. Why,sir, there is not fk Senator who 5y&8
not glad of t|ie opportunity, w(hen-his Skate ^ent
him here to receive the commission,.' ;Theceis
work, or labor* here, no matter;yj h£trthe <m:cq m -
stances may be, that should-oppress or*burd&,n,a y,
manly spirit while the country requires, service. "
Why, sir, what, we do is not labor compare*!,to
what those gallant men belonging-to the poor,
burdened,.compion masses of the-people are now
doing before .Petersburg and Richmonds. •,
Mr. President, I am .sometimes le4 to thiiik that
all the effort that is made by society to elevate
all mankind up to. the highest scale of intellectual
ability and culture is really questionable in its
policy; and why? Because your, men. of intellect
and refinement will not make the sacrifices neces-
sary to great ends. As I stood in yonder street
about a month ago and saw Burnside's column
passing, tens of thousands of whom would never
return, as I marked their countenances and passed
through them I could not help thinking it was. a
God's blessing that we. had common people in'the
land; 1 could not help thinking that the moral and
intellectual inequalitiesof mankind were as plainly
necessary to great and noble ends as the phys-
ical inequalities of the earth'a surface are to the
maintenance of proper conditions there.
1 tell you, sir, that when we talk of making
sacrifices by staying here we talk words that are
not serious and are not truths. No man makes
a sacrifice by staying here, and no man should
think of leaving this place while there is any work
to be done. 1 suggest, I advise, I entreat the
Senators who must stand together and maintain,
each other in maintaining this Administration
not to divide and subdivide and vote to leave
here until they shall meet in council and adjourn
in order when their work shall bedone. I, indeed,
feel backward in making these suggestions and
remarks; but, sir, in addition to the disposition
to remain heie to do this work, it woulU be no
great amount of credit to us if we each of us felt
that when our work was done here our place was
in the front and before the enemy. But,as I be-
fore observed, intellectual and moral training and
culture seem not to fit mankind for great deeds;
they seem not to make up the great, the bold, and
the true; but they seem rather to seek places of *
distinction and personal comfort and ease where
they shall be looked upon with consideration,
that too often, 1 fear, they do not deserve.
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator will
allow me to say a word.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will yield for a mo-
ment. I trust the Senator will take no time.
Mr. McDOCJGALL. I desire to make but one
remark. 1 had thought myself that there wasan
office for a Senator and for every .Senator. My
colleague has advised me that I have no office
here, and that the business of the administration,
of the conduct of this body, should be determined
in a council, which he uses as the complementof
a caucus of certain persons beiongingto this body,
and I am afraid I am not one of them; conse-
quently, it will be as well that I should adjourn
immediately at the present moment and take no
part or place in the consideration that belongs to
the deliberations of this Seriate Chamber. That
may be good law in its way, but 1 am compelled
to say 1 think it is a very bad way.
Mr. CHANDLER. I agree with the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and likewise with the
Senator from California, and trust that no day
will now be fixed for the final adjournment of this
body. The conscription law which has been
passed, in my judgment, is one of the worst laws
ever gotten up by Congress. It pays bounties
and is called an easy law. Mr. President, there
can be no conscuption law that is an easy law.
War is rough; it is hard; it is hard to bear in all
its portions; and when Senators and Represent-
atives undertake to make conscription easy they
| undertake to do an impossible thing. They have
voted many millions of dollars upon the Treas-
ury at a time when the Treasury cannot afford to
bear those millions. Gold, I am happy to inform
you, has fallen one hundred per cent, within
twenty-four hours.
