1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
were afforded for bands of robbers and acute pio-
fessjoiic'l men of that character, [iaughtei,] I
stippo&ed that somewheie in the neighborhood of
"Washington theie was a band piesided over by
a chief, and 1 supposed a thief were to apply for
membership into the fraternity, and imagined how
lie would go about it. That iie would go out into
one of their caves and apply for admission into
the band as one of the robbers. What would be
the question which the master of ceremonies
would propound to him when he said, " I want
to join this band; 1 want to unite my destinies
with youis; I want to ply my professional a\o-
catum with you?" What would be the ques-
tions the chief would propound in order to ascer-
tain whether the applicant would make a worthy
member and learn what crimes of a deep, dark,
and damning character he had committed? Why,
sir, he would ask, " What crime have you com-
mitted? How many robberies have you perpe-
ticited? How many times have you commuted
perjuries and arson? Who have you assassin-
ated? Who have you murdered ? Give me a list
of the crimes you have committed in your brief
life." He would go through the catalogue of
crimes to ascertain whether the applicant was so
steeped in sin as to be a worthy member, whether
lie was base enough to be trusted. 1 admit that
the parallel is not perfect, perhaps not good at all.
All 1 say is that the two things came up m array
before me. I do not contend that it is a perfect
parallel, but simply that one transaction brought
the other to my mind, and I am not to blame tor
it, for I could not help it to save my soul. 1 tried
to think of something else but could not.
I understand that n is unparha m^ntai v to make
use of the name of a member m discusMon. I do
not presume, however, that it is unpat iiamentnry
on tins occasion to call the gentleman from Ohio
" Mr. Long," for I have a right to use any lan-
guage which is contained in the pending resolu-
tion; and by doing it I shall be the better under-
stood. The resolution calls him Mr. Long. Now,
how stands the caso? He applies to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Fernando Woonj to
come to ins lescue. We may infer this fiom
what the gentleman from New Yoik said. And
the funniest part of it is that the gentleman from
New York tried to make the House believe that
before he would consent to defend Long he ic-
quired Long to exhibit to him his speech, (as he
had not heard it,) in older that lie might see that
it was all right, and such as a good patriot could
make; and that he would not consent to come to
his defense until he had examined it caiefuily,
and found it 0. K. In view of the gentleman's
own acknowledged sentiments, and m view of
his own traitorous utterances upon this floor,
tins is a rich and racy joke, the be^t of the sen-
son. I am prone to think that the interview be-
tween the two was moie like that m theeave; and
that poor Mr. Long, before he could enlist the
gentleman, was compelled to answer a list of in-
terrogator's not unlike m one s>mso those that
we find in the mouth of the presiding chiefailnded
to. 1 do not presume he wax examined as to
his proficiency in that puiticular kind of t rimes,
ortho&e partieulr.r villtuniLS, or that he was com-
pelled to establish the snme kind of moial excel-
lence; but I confess that 1 did and do fancy that
he was required to show himself as void ofpatii-
otistn and love of countiy as the other was of
moial nwnciple. That is all 1 mean, and herein
admit the parallel is not peif; ct.
We have no direct evidence that such language
was passed between the gentleman fiom New
York and the gentleman from Ohio; but v. hen we
co. ider the antecedents of the gentleman from
New Yutk and the character of Air. Long's
speech, we must come to the conclusion that the
genth man from Ohio would be compelled to show
by the speech scniimn.U verging clost upon those
of a traitor, kindred sentiments to those that have
been uttered by the gentleman from New Yoik
himself before he would consent to stand as his
advocate and come to his lescue. Some sap-
pose that it Long wanted to win a warm place in
the affections of the gentleman from New York
the shoitest load would be to prove himself wor-
thy of a halter; but that w nut charitable, and
seems in conflict with themtammon we have had
from the gentleman himself to the effect that it
was his purpose to drop the defendant like a hot
potato, ot* say to him as undo Toby did to tiie
fly, if he had not shown a clean record. If that
is so,Long is a fortunate man to have at hand so
good a speech, making so clean a recoid to ex-
hibit to lus immaculato friend. It seems to me
to have been a happy coincidence, a kind of prov-
idential interposition, and is an additional proof
that we should all heed the lessons taught in the
words, " I have been young, and now am old;
yet have I notseen the riahteous forsaken, nor his
seed begging bread." Now, sir, I would not be
regarded as censorious, or as making biting and
cruel remarks unsupported by evidence. Such
remarks always recoil <*s they should upon their
author, and therefore I call upon the Clerk to read
the language used by the gentleman from New
York on this floor but a few days ago.
The Clerk read as follows:
u Tin*! war muM eoasp, I care not how or from what
cause, whether l>3' exhaustion on either side, by southern
submi'-Mon or &uecu^, bv mediation, or by northern mag-
nanimity, nr noitlicm sen-B ofs>eif-pre«eivauon. The
wariiniotceave. There mu.-l he an cud ot it sooner or latei
lrom one can-e oi trom another, f think all will concede
till'-. Admitting, theielore. tins conclusion, the next in-
quiry is. how and when J These aie the piopei questions
tor tlu«. Congress to determine. When &hali tlib wat
cc M:
Air. DUMONT. Then we are not stu prised at
all, after a dechuation of that kind, that it should
be followed so speedily by aknidied declaration,
when he had the heiidihood to declate on this
floor yesterday that there was no such thing as
a war Democrat. We all recollect his making
use of this language upon this floor in icfeience
to the attempt to put down this nbclhon and m
i eference to attem }>ti ng to rescue this Govei nrnnt
from the hands ol Vandals. We believe this a
liuhtirous cau^e and a righteous war, in which
every man of us is willing to take his deaiest
fuend and lay him upon the country's altar, or
to offer up his ownbfe. The mothers of the land,
who regaid their noble sons as the jewels of their
hearts, arc willing to bring them forward and lay
them upon the country's ahar. It is a noble
sat t i/ice we believe, no less than that the good old
patiurch Alenham was willing to make when he
obeyed the command of hi« heavenly Father and
brought Isaac to the altar. And yet, notwith-
standing, we lalioi under llns tenibie delusion,
the 'patriotic gentleman [Air. Fciinando Wood]
a shoi t time since eharaetei izod this war as a hell-
ish crusade of blood and famine.
Now, in determining whether a man ought to
bf expelled or censuted, it is a very legitimate
inquiry, (in my humble opinion,) and I would not
give my opinion for any man'safter 1 had heaid
everybody clsr„'« opinion and ex*u acted what I
believed to be correct and according to Gunter.
[Laughter ] I say it is a legitimate inquny to
ascertain what In- may say as an index to his
heart. I was very much amused to hear the
r.peech ofmyfin nd over the wt\y,fiom Illinois,
[Air. J. C. Allen,] who spoke at an early stage
of tins discussion. He rose with immense dig-
nity, and addressed the House with that clear,
ringing, trumpet-toned vene of which he alone
is master. And he aiiaigued the members of
this House, (ot what? For calling a member to
account l'-r words us-d in debute, and he really
put no otiiei quabn'-Ation to it.
Has it come to this? The most contemptible
justice of the peace, of the most contemptible
township, of the most contemptible county, of
the most contemptible State in the Union, has the
right to protect himself iu his own little eight by
ten office from insult; butthe American Congress,
the most dignified body of mer;, regarding both
1 loUvses, and giving to tints HoUbf what she lacks
and what the Senate can spare, on the face of
the earth, h v* no su-di power. Every other de-
par tm-oit of Govei nment can defend it,self against
unwoithy membeis. I go into a court presided
over by ajudge no better than myself, dischatgtng
his duty, wearing the judicial ermine, and 1 am
guilty of contempt by calling lus intelligence or
in tegiity m question, or of con tempt in some other
way, but he does not lun out to make an affida\ it
against me, he does not call upon the mihtaty
authority to protect him, but he protects himself.
Ho is the aceuscr, he is the judge that trii-s the
case, and he >nfbcts the punishment. Let a man
go into   nnliiHi y camp and attempt to excite mu-
tiny among the men, and every officer, from the
major geneia! dow n, will know that it is his duty
to arrest him instantly and to bring him to jus-
, I
tice. And yet it is advocated upon this floor that
if a man seems to be sincere, and does not turn
himself into a monkey in making a declaration,
and puts on a long face, he may superinduce the
most monstrous doctrine, and show himself capa-
ble of the most damnable crimes against his coun-
try without being called to account.
In the discussion of this question, and in de-
termining whether a member is a worthy or-un-
worthy member, whether he ought to remain here
or be expelled or censured, it is pertinent to in-
quire what members are here for. They arc here
as trustees of the people to protect the Constitu-
tion and the Government of the country, a trust
that ought to be carried out, and if not willing to
do this, the trustee ought to be removed, when-
ever that unworthiness is discovered by the utter-
ance of such monstrous and traitorous sentiments
as the member has spoken. I admit that if we
were sent here simply as political gladiators, that
would not be a legitimate inquiry; then it would
depend somewhat on men's lungs and brutality;
but thank God this nation is not yet sunk into so
deep and foul a pit as that.
I want to come back to my colleague, [Mr.
Voorhees,] a most excellent gentleman. I like
him very much indeed, but I do not like some of
his ways. He is a very clever man of the kind,
but devil take the kind. [Laughter.] My col-
league must pardon me; 1 mean no wrong. I
only object to the kind on account of its political
aspect, which I confess I consider no better than
it ought to be. But 1 mean no unkindness. I
sometimes lind myself betrayed into a mischiev-
ous channel without malice. My colleague has
tie&ud me civilly, and my words must not be
construed in any offensive sense. I want to ad-
vert for a few moments to the remarkable dex-
terity and adroitness which he manifested in de-
fending the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long.]
I confess that it icminded me, as old Abe would,
say, of an anecdote. It reminded me of scenes
which 1 have witnessed on the plainsof Mexico.
The transportation iu that country of all sorts of
merchandise—lumber, mill-stones, brick, tim-
ber, and everything else—is done on the backs of
mules from the Atlantic to the Pacific, from the
east side of the republic on the Gulf of Mexico
to the western shores on the Pacific. I have seen
thousands of these little animals under their heavy
burdens, driven by two or three or four merry fel-
lows called muleteers. They would occasionally
halt to let the weaned animals icst. And I have
been stiuck with astonishment at the lemarkabie
sagacity manifested by these animals on occasions
of that kind. A mule with a very heavy pack on
her hack that pressed too heavily on her withers
would find a httle declivity and turn her head up
hili during the rest, in order to throw the weight
of the burden on the small of her back. Another
mule, whoso buiden had galled the small of her
back or fuither to the real, would find a declivity
and turn herhead down hill, with a view of throw-
ing the burden on her withers. [Laughter.] You
know there is an old adage, that " the galled jade
winces." Now this is the kind of sagacity that
my fuend [Mi. Vooiuif.es] exhibits in defense of
his client on this occasion. 1 mean no disparage-
ment to him. I do not intend to be severe or any-
thing of that kind.
We are frequently very much astonished, in-
deed,to see as much sagacity in the human species
as we see in what we call the unreasoning part
of eieation. To illustrate: some think talent (I
confess I don't know; it is too abstruse a subject
foi me) is nothing more than the possession of a
large number of animal instincts or characteris-
tics, or, nK-ie pr<>pei ly speaking, the instincts of
n Inrge number of animals concentrated in one of
the genhs homo. We call it talent, genius, vers-
atility of intellect, &r. For instance, it is said
that he who would combine the couicige of the
lion, the ferocity of the tiger, the pluck m deadly
grip and fearful tug of the bull-dog, the cunning
of the fox, the stealihim-ss of the cat, the gos-
tiation of the cock, and the hypoci isy of the 'pos-
sum, would make a great military captain; that
with the lion's courage he would be brave in bat-
tle, with the tiger's venge would follow up a
victory and reap its fruits, with the bull-dog's
pluck would never know when he was whipped,
and consequently never would be v.hipped, with
the fox's cunning would be great in strategy, and
with the stealth of the cat would be constantly
