2532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
States and of Kentucky were ruthlessly violated
and trampled under foot; that there was no atten-
tion paid to either the laws of the Federal Gov-
ernment or of Kentucky. This statement is in
such palpable contradiction of facts as they ex-
isted that I will say no more about it. **
2. The election was free, fair, open, and un-
trammeled,and was a free and deliberate expres-
sion of the electors in the district in the selection
of a Representative in the Congress of the United
States.
I suppose there is no one who has thought
enough of this subject to give his attention to the
evidence in this case can agree with the gentle-
Irian that this election was " free, fair, open, and
untrammeled." The election, I admit, was per-
fectly " free,fair, open, and untrammelcd" to any
one who wanted to vote for him, but it was a very
different thing when a voter desired to cast his
vote against the gentleman. It was all right so
far as he was concerned. He or any of his
friends will probably never complain of the man-
ner in which the election was conducted. I have
never been a candidate for a political office before
this, sir, and I sincerely hgpe I may never be
elected by such a free and deliberate expression
of public opinion as that by which the gentleman
holds his seat. I never desire my political, pro-
fessional, or personal promotion to be obtained at
the sacrifice of law, of order, of princigle, or the
liberties of the people. I do not desire to rule
into office by crushing out a fundamental princi-
ple of republican government. I do not desire to
have my fellow-citizens insulted at the polls, for-
sooth, because they do notchoose to vote for me,
nor would I have my friends drive old men away
from the polls with tears in their eyes because
they claimed their right to vote as they always
had in times before. Sir, Ido not wish, I would
not have, I would not hold a seat in Congress if
I had to do it by crushing out these cherished
principles of American freemen, for I think that
there must be in store some thunderbolt
" Red with uncommon wrath to blast the man
Who owes his greatness to his country's ruin."
The loyal people of Kentucky, to which I have
always belonged, have since the commencement
of this struggle and in all times past clamored
for the Constitution, regarding it as the sheet-
anchor of our hopes and of our salvation; they
still cling to it, and bend over it with all the affec-
tion and devotion of a fond mother over her child
•when sho beholds the numbered moments of us
life are passing away. Is it to be wondered at
then that you, the assembled wisdom and deputed
Representatives of the States, are called upon, as
you now are, to save us from the impending
wreck and destruction thut these outrageous vio-
lations of fundamental principles are sure to bring
upon us? And where will be the sitting member
from the second district when he beholds crum-
bling around him the liberties and rights of the
people whom he claims to represent ? When this
general chaos and confusion is brought upon
us by these gradual encroachments of arbitiury
power of which he is now the willing representa-
tive, he will startle and cower before tfie indig-
nant frown of the goddess of liberty as the
guilty Macbeth did before the ghost of Banquo,
and exclaim—
" Never shake thy gory locks nt me,
Thou canst not bay I did it."
3. A majority of ail the votes cast were for him.
This is one of his grounds, and it is one which
I frankly confess is true. And the strangest and
most unaccountable thing in this^whole matter is
that his majority was not greater than it was. In
good old times in Kentucky when the question was
asked of a defeated candidate, " Why were you
not elected?" the answer invariably was, " Sim-
ply because 1 did not get as many votes as my
opponentdid." Now, when the question isasked,
it is answered as in this case, "Sir, the reason
why I was not elected was beeause my friends
were not allowed to vote; they were driven away
from the polls at tha point of the bayonet."
4. A majority of all the voters in the district
cast their votes for Kim.
It is a great deal easier matter to make a state-
ment than it is to prove it. Thia statement is
not founded either upon facts or figures. It is
founded upon fuble and has its origin in the fertile
brain of the gentleman. Let us look at the facts:
Then' are twelve countiesgm the second con-
gressional district. By the auditor's report for the
State of Kentucky, there were in the counties
composing the second congressional district wlute
males over twenty-one years old: for the year
1861, 21,171; for the year 1862, 19,387; for the
year ending October 10, 1863, 20,274. It is fair
to presume that outof this last number there were
19,500 white malesin the district over twenty-one
years old who were entitled to vote, yet there
were cast in the district, in this election, only
11,398 votes, of which the sitting member received
8,311, and the contestant 3,087, leaving a deficit
of 8,102 votes that were actually in the district at
the time that were not polled.
The evidence taken in the ease relates only as
to the election in six counties, which is half the
number of counties in the whole district. .The
auditor's report for 1862 shows that there were
in the second district 19,387 white males over
twenty-one years old. The soldiers who had left
their4somesandgoneinto the Federal Army,and
the soldiers who had gone off south, are not to
be taken from this number because they are got
counted in it. They were not reported by the
commissioners of tax for 1862 or 1863, because
they are by law specially exempt from poll-tax.
According to the law the numberoflegal voters
are officially reported from each county in Ken-
tucky once in every eight years. The last report
was in 1857, when we had 19,363. The annual
report of the assessors of tax for 1862 makes
19,387, showing that there had been only 24 more
voters in 1862 ihan there were in 1857, when it is
a notorious fact that the second congressional dis-
trict of Kentucky has improved in her agricul-
tural products and increased m population proba-
bly more in proportion than any other district in
Kentucky. It is evident, therefore, that the large
number of voters who had left the district are not
taken into account in these figures, and the state-
ment made by the gentleman that he received a
majority of all the votes in the district is simply
absurd.
There were four regiments recruited in this dis-
trict, namely: the seventeenth, eleventh, and
twenty-sixth infantry,and third cavalry,with por-
tions of the twenty-seventh infantry and eighth
and twelfth Kentucky cavalry. Now,itisin evi-
dence charged and proven that hundreds of soldiers
from these regiments were furloughed home, and
ditLgo home, all of whom voted against me. We
hear of them coming home by hundreds under
command of their field officers underarms, intim-
idating the people, giving three cheers for Yean\an,
as if he was one of the heroes of this war; anil at
another place we see the soldiers instructed by
theircolonel thafifthey voted for me they would
get no more pay," when he (the colonel) knew
nt the time he said it that it was false.
All the soldiers from these regiments who could
possibly be spared were sent home, and under a
false impression were induced to cast their votes
against me. There was an informal and unofficial
election held that day by a regiment which at that
time was in the front, m sight of the enemy, in
front where it has ever been when danger was
near, m front where it was on the frozen hills at
Donelson, in front where it was at Shiloh during
the long and tedious hours of that terrible day, re-
sisting the steady butdeadly advance of the enemy
before the disheartened and dispirited army of
Giant was reinforced by the glorious " army of
the Ohio;" it was from tins gallant regiment that 1
heard of an election held and a vote taken with
no outside pressure to bear upon them, but an
election where each man voted as he diose,atid
out of over six hundred votes 1 am credibly in-
formed the sitting member in this case received
only nine votes. The regiment to which I allude
was the seventeenth Kentucky volunteers, and I
have not the slightest doubt that if thatregiment,
which 1 formerly had the honor to command, had
been allowed to come home, and were subjected
to the same influences that those soldiers were who
did come home, 1 have no doubt that their votes
would have been cast unanimously against me.
I mention this merely to show the "freedom and
fairness" of the election for which the gentleman
contends.
But 1 was, as the charges state, "in complicity
in an unlawful scheme, in a political combina-
tion, to place the State of Kentucky in political
and military antagonism with the Government of
the United States; that I sought the votes of rebels,
and nearly all the votes I got were rebels, rebel
sympathizers, and secessionists," and that the
rebels expressed preference, &c.
Sir, we approach now the discussion of a point
upon which I have been told that this contest may
hinge. It is not necessary for me to discuss the
question or explain the political combination
which the gentleman charged was gotten up for
the purpose of placing the State of ICentucky in
political and military antagonism with the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The convention
which met in Frankfort on February, 1863, which
was broken up and dispersed by Colonel Gilbert,
may have had that object in view. There was no
man who had previously been recognized oriden-
tified with the Union party of Kentucky thathad
anything to do with that meeting. It was a meet-
ing of the first-class secessionists and disunionists
of the State who were there assembled. The
Wickliffe party of Kentucky had no more to do
with it than did this House. There is no intel-
ligent man in our district, or in Kentucky, who
noticed the contest in our district but remembers
my political positions, which were published in
the public press and sent in circulars and hand-
bills all over the district. They have been spread
before this House. I am upon record, and do not
propose to retreat from those positions; and the
gentleman well knows that our canvass was made
upon those principles. This circular was issued
long before the political combination of which hi*
speaks was brought to light.
I had no fear of the leading men of Kentucky
known as the supporters of Mr. Wickliffe. The
principles of that party are the same as those that
are maintained by many of the most distinguished
and influential members of this House. Differing
with them only as to " a vigorous prosecution of
the war," I have the highest respect for the loy-
alty, honesty, patriotism, and love for the Con-
stitution which characterizes the party known an
the peace Democracy of the country—and to this
party the Wickliffe and Harney (who were the
leaders of the Douglas Democracy ) party of Ken-
tucky belonged.
But all his party voted for me, and all the rebels,
rebel sympathizers, and secessionists voted forme.
The question is, What is a rebel ? Who are the
rebel sympathizers ? It would be well for Con-
gress or for the Government to define by resolu-
tion, by order, or by an additional article of war
the meaning of the word rebel, and also give out
to the world the meaning of the words loyalty
and disloyalty. It is time for a revised edition of
our acknowledged lexicon to be issued. There
are thousands of men in Kentucky who would
like to know what is meant by a loyal man and
a disloyal man. I thought I was a loyal man.
I have endeavored always to be so according to
my interpretation of the word. I had no idea
that I was anything else until I find in looking
over the testimony in this case that I was, in the
classic language of an officer of the third Ken-
tucky cavalry, a " d d rebel," and that any
man who voted for me was "disloyal."
There were different interpretations to these
words given by military men and officers of the
election at the polls, August 3, 1861. No rebel
or disloyal man could vote, and this included all
those who had been placed under bonds and taken
the oath; all those who ha,d even subscribed toan
oath on the back.of the military passes that were
issued at every military post, which included
probably three fourths of the whole population of
the State. This was the definition of disloyalty at
one precinct in Muhlenburg county in our district:
all those who had ever given any aid or assist-
ance to the rebels, when by the deposition of Mr.
Sutherland he says he applied to vote and offered
to take an oath that he had given no voluntary aid
or assistance, but had contributed about three
thousand dollars to the rebels when he could not
help it; the practicing physician who under the
call of humanity, or the Christian under the teach-
ings of his religion, charitably administered to
the necessities of a dying rebel soldier who had
fallen at his door, or that large class of individ-
uals in Kentucky who had fed the hungry but
errant and rebellious son who had wandered from
his loyalty and returned to old Kentucky, his*
home, to catch a glimpse of the old folks as he
was passing by; and the hundreds of non-com-
batants in Kentucky who had been forced tfi
furnish food and lodging to guerrillas and reber
