1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 11,
stealing a march on the foe, catch him napping,
and win victory by surprise, with the blustering
gostration of the cock would scare the enemy to
death without a fight and save his powder, and
crow the survivors out of countenance after a
battle no matter who was the victor, and with the
hypocrisy of the 'possum would be great on a fein t.
I know not how all this is, and simply allude to
it to show that I mean nothing wrong by resort-
ing to animated nature for my illustrations and
homely metaphors. We frequently, when we
would commend the good qualities of a fellow,
say: ** He is as brave as a lion," "as cunning
as a fox,"u having, I suppose, eaten a great deal
of fox meat," " as sly as a cat," " as faithful as a
dog,"&c.,and yet we mean no harm, butsimple
commendation.
p The gentleman [Mr, Voorhees] wasdefending
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long.] He was
contending that this resolution ought not to be
adopted. He was contending that the gentleman
from Ohio was as good as any other citizen, if
not a little belter. The constitution of Indiana
is against certain privileges, and declares some-
thing like tins; that no privilege shall be granted
to one that may not to another; and my elegant
friend the judge, [Mr. Holman,] I think it was,
who, as a member of the constitutional conven-
tion, offered an amendment to it, to add this: "Be-
cause one man is as good as another, if not a little
better." [Laughter.] It was touching it off in
good style for a Democrat; there is always logic
in wit, and wit that is not an argument is no wit
at all.
My colleague [Mr. Voorhf.es] says that the
gentleman from Ohio ought not to be expelled,
that the resolution ought not to be adopted; and
the first reason he gives is that he does not know
exactly what he said. He docs not know whether
it was patriotic or unpatriotic, whether the gen-
tleman from Ohio was for the country or against
the country, for the Constitution or against the
Constitution, for the rebellion or against the le-
bellion, for the traitors or for the land of his birth.
But it was words used in debate. And we may as
well, he says, surrender up our liberties, trample
on the Hag that floats above us, abandon
" Freedom'* soil beneath our feet,
And freedom's b.uittei streaming o'er us."
as punish a member for any words spoken in de-
bate, no matter what they may be. Kut he could
not stand long by this monstrous position; it
touched his withers a little, and we beheld the
wincing of the galled jade. The load must be
shifted. He seems to have concluded that it
would relieve the agony that he was required to
suffer by defending unbridled licentiousness, un-
der the plea of liberty of speech and liberty of
opinion; I say he concluded if would soothe jus
pain a little to shift his ground and throw the
weight of the burden upon parts not so tender
by lighting upon the Speaker for daring to quit
the chair, descend to the floor and move the reso-
lution now under consideration, as though his
constituents must lose the benefit of havinga Rep-
resentative because they had sent one whose tal-
,ents and noble qualities had elevated him to the
Speaker's chair.
This position is so absurd a<j a defense for the
accused that it hurt the small of his advocate's baek
and endangered his spinal column, and it became
necessary to snilt his ground and throw the weight
of the load toward his withers to find relief. fc>o
after harping upon the Speaker's improper con-
descension a while he came to the conclusion
that there was nothing wrong in Mr. Long's
speech,that it was all li^ht, and just such a one
as a patriot ought to make; though if I mistake
riot he said he did not hear it, and had not up to
that time read it; and finally he furtherconcludod
that if it was unpatriotic, obnoxious, and abhor-
rent, other people had been unpatriotic too, ut-
tered sentiments just as had, and therefore Mr.
Long should not be censured: in short, the various
parts of his defense weie in utter conflict with
each other; like the plea in the " kettle case," in
which the defendant was sued for ciackinga bor-
rowed kettle. He pleaded, first, that he did not
borrow the kettle; second, it was cracked when he
borrowed it: third, it was sound when he took it
home. But, Mr. Speaker, after all I do not know
that I have it in myheau to blame mycolleague;
it was a terrible load to stand mvlev, almost the
last pound that bi'ok*1 the camel's back; nud \yho
knows if he had undertaken the feat himself he
might not have staggered or wavered to and fro,
like the young heart sorely tempted, between
vice and virtue. Look at the absurdity; an in-
dividual member has a right to say what he
pleases, utter sentiments the most atrocious, and
may not be questioned therefor, because the lib-
erty and freedom of speech demand it; but no
matter how flagrant the sentiment and rampant
the treason may be, the House may not place
upon it the seal and stamp of reprobation with-
out trenching upon God-given rights. The
whole House is made up of its parts, and the
parts are to have rights, according to this logic,
which are to be withheld from the whole body.
The whole body is not to possess the freedom
of speech and opinion that anindividual member
has if it may not pass this resolution and thus
condemn his sentiments, and show to the world
that such sentiments are not the sentiments of
the whole body. 1 am one of those who believe
that mere error of opinion may be tolerated while
truth is left free to combat it; but how is truth
left free to combat it if the thing may not be con-
demued;and is it mere error of opinion? Might
we not more truly say that it is evidence as strong
of the truths of Holy Writ of a wicked and
abandoned nature of which the gentleman has
favored us with a manifestation ?
But the Speaker came down from his exalta-
tion to mingle with the common herd, we are told,
and has thereby, forsooth, forever destroyed his
influence, and he is to be an outcast now, hence-
forth, and forevermore, amen I because became
down from the exalted position to which gentle-
men had aided m elevating him, and attempted to
proem e the expulsion or censure of an unwoithy
member.
Now, I admit, Mr. Speaker, that if a fellow-
member on the other side, on this side of the
House, or on any side of the House—and I do
not like this thing of talking about this or the other
side of the House; I beln ve it was the entering
wedge of this infernal rebellion; I bdieveth.it the
fell spirit of party is really at the bottom of this
thing, and that, like Noah s water-cure establish-
ment, it has killed moie than it has ever cured,
[laughter]—1 say 1 admit that if a gentleman, in
the heat, of debate, makes use of declarations that
nobody would make use of deliberately, abhor-
rent to the feelings of every man, and if it is sim-
ply an unhappy expression, like one 1 might make
use of now, and for which I would ask paidon
should 1 so forget myself', [laughter,] 1 would no
more hold hinuo arigid responsibility lor it than
I would a man who had taken tin; life of a fellow-
man by au unfoitunate blow on great provocation
and aggravation, when the ciime of muulei had
never entered his soul. I do not think sve ought
to do it. And hence it is that if a particular clause
of the gentleman's speech were simply alluded to
m the resolution, although that paitieular clause
might be as bold-faced and obnoxious as you
could declare it to be, yet, if the speech, in its
general scope and bearing, in its general meaning
and intent, was not the speech of a traitor or of a
bad man, if we saw that he loved his country by
examining hts whole speech, by searching it as
you would search the Scriptures, then 1 say ac-
quit him. He is not to be convicted for an un-
fortunate expiession used in the heat of debate.
Gentlemen have talked about the words uttered
by the gentleman from Ohio as being in the heat
of debate. I should call it rather a cold-blooded
debate, lie says he wrote his speech more than
a month ago, and has not altered a word of it
since. Well, sir, he got up here with great de-
corum and dehven-d his speech with as much
coolness as any man could do. I heaul the speech,
and confess his tone was solemn, sentimental,
and unctuous. It reminded me very mueh of a
scene 1 recollect witnessing in a couit of justice,
when 1 was quite a young man, between people of
the very lowest walks m life. Two brothers were
at law, and their father was a witness. Ail three
were ignorant, low, degraded men. The old man
came upon the stand, and one of the boys, a man
some fifty years old himself, drew close up to him
by degrees, as a cat steals upon a mouse, so as to
bo nble to whisper in his ear when he began his
testimony, for fear he might testify against him,
and putting iiis mouth to his ear, said he, " Dad,
go it on the sentimental " [Laughter.] Now, I
think that is what some gemieinen here have come
to the conclusion they must harp on in order to ac-
quit theircUent, and, to induce this House to give
him a public dinner, they must contend that he
went it on the sentimental; that is to say, they
must contend that he was sincere in what he said,
spoke in good faith, and if so he must be acquitted,
no matter what he said nor how disastrous may
be its tendency or malign its influence.
It is all right, provided he went it on the senti-
mental, his defenders would try to persuade us;
but I am a disbeliever, and in that respect I sup-
pose a heretic. Disguise it as you may, the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] pwt this ques-
tion in its ti ue attitude. It is not a question as
to an insult perpetrated on this House. No, sir.
When he is tried before this judicial tribunal you
are bound to inquire into his motives, not simply
whether he was guilty of indecorous conduct or
not. The gentleman from Maryland, when he
addresses the House, usually exhibits in their true
light mere pretenses, and he shoves them aside as
unworthy of consideration. With the grasp of a
giant he seizes the turning point of the case,and
his statement comes in the shape of an irrefutable
aigument. He says we are to inquiie what the
man is here for. Is he here for the country? Is
he here to protect the country' Is he here tosus-
trtin our armies? Is he here to put down the en-
emy? If his speech answers all these questions
in the negative, if he has performed none of these
meritoilousservices,and is unwilling to perform
them, then beyond a doubt he is unworthy, and
liable to animadversion and censure.
It is as the gentleman from Maryland has stated,
that we feel as secure here in this Capitol as we
would have done ten years ago, if we had been
here; and yet ahundred thousand rebctsin deadly
hostility, who would take the life of every one of
us, are within two hours* ride of where we now
stand; and we are only permitted to occupy seats
in this Hall because we are surrounded by a cor-
don of our own stalwart men to keep the enemy at
bay-
Now it may be important that this enemy should
not he let in. Suppose we were in a walled city,
and depended on those walls and upon iron gates
and upon iron bars to keep the enemy out. Sup-
pose we had one in our midst, a man who con-
tended that the Government was doing nothing
right. Suppose we found a man making decla-
rations which would induce us to believe that he
was ready at any moment, at the given signal, to
open one of the gates, and to let in the enemy to
our destruction; what then? Mr. Speaker, 1 do
not propose to continue this discussion much
longer, and I do not propose to have anything
more to say on this point than that the man i have
leferied to would have a short shrift and a quick
punishment for his tieason. A commander of a
vessel does not wait until a mutineer consummates
his villainy by the mutiny of the crew, nor until
he scuttles the ship; but when satisfied by clear
proof that such is the intent, be hangs him at the
yard-arm,and saves the vessel,and brings it and
its crew safely into harbor, and the world com-
mends him,and Heaven commends him; butwe
may not even censure a mutineer when his hellish
intent and diabolical purposes are discovered lest
we tieneh upon the libeitv of speech and t lie free-
dom of debate. It is mere woids, it is said; but
from theabnndance of the heart the mouth speak-
eth, and from his words we may learn that he is
base enough to part the holy raiment woven in the
loom of the Revolution. The letter of Arnold,
whereby his treason was discovered, was mere
words too, and yet, if they had not been heeded,
the base patricide would have surrendered the no-
blest army thatever shouldered a musket, and the
bravest men that ever cairied a knapsack or ral-
lied around the flag of their country,to the tender
mercies of a remorseless enemy.
It has been said that the member from Ohio
[Mr. Long] put the matter in the alternative, that
he said that sooner than see the rebels subjugated
he would acknowledge their independence, that it
was that or absolute subjugation,'and that of the
two he preferred the former. That simply means
that he prefers the subjugation of the Union to
the subjugation of the lebels, because if the reb-
els are not subdued the Union miiht be. It is now
pretended that subjugation is a terrible woid, that
it is equivalent to murdering every man, woman,
and child in the South, but it means no such thing;
it simply means to bring into obedience and sub-
