THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
July %
Mr. HENDRICKS. That ia a mistake.
Mr.'CHANDLER. No, sir; it was 290 yes-
tertlay and is 192 to day. Gold has fallen nearly
one hundred per cent, within tweMy-four hours;
and ;if we, the Congress of the United' States,
meet this eHsfs as men, you will see gold fall
within the next ten days from 192, Where it stands
to-day, to a very low figu're.
Now, sir, What do we propose to do? To fix
a day to adjourn the Congress of the United
States; and Whit .is our present position? Our
armies are facing the onemy; our armies are pre-
pared, in my judgment, to crush "that enemy, to
grind him to powder. If they fail, what then?
if they fait the Congress t>f the United States
should be in session, and, if necessary to put down
this accursed rebellion, order out the number of
men required to do it, and, if it be necessary,
order a levy en masse to accomplish it, and let
Senators and Representatives lead the van; and
I am prepared to shoulder my musket and march
into the front ranks. Sir, this is no time for Con-
gress to adjourn. We should meet the respons-
ibilities of the day and of the hour, meet them
like men, and meet them like brave men whether
we are brave or not.
Mr. President, we are in a financial crisis. We
know not to-day, while we propose to fix the
hour of adjournment, whether we have a Secre-
tory of the Treasury or not. We know not to-
day, and the country knows not, whether we
may not be called upon within the next twenty-
four hours to confirm another Secretary of the
Treasury. I trust in God the man whom we
have confirmed will accept. The country has
confidence in him; the Senate has confidence in
him; and 1 hope he will accept the portfolio; but
he may not; we know not; he was not prepared
to-night to say what his action would be.
Why should we adjourn at this time? We are
paid by the year, an annual salary, and are sup-
posed to be in session from one end of the year
to the other; and yet we are here in great haste
to adjourn. There is not a member of this body
as anxious as I am to leave thiscity; there is not
a man in this body who makes as great financial
and personal sacrifices to remain here as 1 do; but
I consider it my duty to remain, and to remain
until the business that the country has sent us
here to perform is completed, wholly completed,
and as long as the demands of the country keep
us here, and no longer; for 1 will not stay one
hour after that.
I trust we may be able to leave here next week,
and early next week. I shall he glad to vote to
adjourn next week. But, sir, the late Secretary
of the Treasury has informed us that the taxes
are not sufficient to meet the requirements of the
Treasury. 1 believe they are not, and I believe
that H is our duty to hold the other House until
they will meet the requirements of the hour. If
they will not meet them to-day, let them meet
them next Week; if they will not meet them next
week, let them meet them next month; and if
tlioy will not meet them next month, hold them
until the 4t.li of March, 1865. That is what I
would do, and 1 wo\ild stay herein perpetual ses-
sion until they met the requirements of the hour.
Mr. HENJJfUCKS., There will not be aquo-
rum there soon.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well; let them send
the Sergeant-at-A nils after the absentees and bring
a quorum by force. Let there be no shirkers in
either House.
Mr. President, the life of this nation is at stake
to-day. The enemies of this Government believe
that the Government is lost; the friends of the
Government believe that it cannot be lost. I be-
lieve, and I think every member of tins body be-
lieves, that this great nation is to be saved regard-
less of expense and regardless of sacrifices of any
kind whatever. Sir, much blood has been shed
in this cruel war; it, may be accessary to shed
much more; anil it is for this Congress to decide
whether the thinned ranks of our armies shall be
Ailed and filled with soldiers, or whether they
sh.iil be lift thinned and be compelled to retire
before the tiaitorous foe. 1 trust, sir, that-this
Senate will meet the emergencies of the hour.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana. 1 move thattlieSen-
ate do now adjourn until Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope not,
Mr. CONNESS. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall not ad-
journ to-night until we have fixed a day for the
final adjournment. Evidently here is talking
against time and to take up time. • I hope we
shall sit it out and see whether we can fix a day
of adjournment or not.
Mr. CONNESS. The statement of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois that there is talking
against time is entirely gratuitous on his part.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know what the
Senator from California made his speech for un-
less it was talking against time.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not make it for the
edification of the honorable-Senator.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make one remark.
It is now Sabbath morning. There is oo public
emergency that I am aware of that requires us to
sit on the Sabbath, and I therefore hope that the
motion to adjourn until Monday will be carried.
If there was a public emergency requiring it, I of
course would consent to sit, but I know of none.
The question being'taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Antliony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Lune of Indiana, Morgan,
Morrill, Sherman, Sunnier, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wil-
son—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Bnekalew, Carlilo, Cmvan, Davis, Hen-
derson, flendiK'kH, Luneof Kansas, McDou^all, Pomeroy,
Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbtiry, Sprtigue, Tea
Eyck, Trumbull, and Van Winkle—17.
ABSENT—Messrs Jiiovvn, CoHanier, Dixon. Fessenden,
Grimes, Hale, Raiding, Harris, Hick?-, Howard, IIowo,
Julmssou, Nesinitlij Ramsey, Wade, and Wnght—16.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. As I think we shall
wait until we hear the decision of the House of
Representatives on the vote that is now going on,
1 propose to occupy the attention of the Senate
for a few moments.
The criticisms of the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the Senator from California I think very
unkind toward the gentlemen who are desirous
to fix a day of adjournment. There is no dispo-
sition on the part of any Senator that I know of
to adjourn this body while there is a hope of
passing a bill to supply the money for the pay-
ment of the bounties called for by the new enroll-
ment bill. We made the motion to take up this
resolution early in the day, postponed it until
nine o'clock this evening, and then again post-
poned it until eleven, and we are not pressing it
now; we are awaiting the action of the House.
The idea of Senators assailing their brother Sen-
ators for a want of patriotism because in their
opinion it is best for the public interest that a
day should be fixed for the adjournment, seems
to me to be very unkind. VVe claim to be as
patriotic as the Senator from Massachusetts or
the Senator from California, as willing to make
as many sacrifices as either of them, us bold to
meet the enemies of the country as they dare be.
The idea of Senators claiming all the patriotism
and all the courage does not seem to me to be very
kind toward their brother Senators.
[ said that my experience was that the business
of a legislative body was hastened by fixing a
day of adjournment. That has been my experi-
ence, and I suppose there is no Senator on this
floor who will deny the proposition. Itisnotto
neglect the business of the country, but to pre-
vent mischievous results. I believe it would be
beneficial to the country if this Congress was ad-
journed, for it is embarrassing to the Administra-
tion. We are visiting these Departments, churn-
ing their attention day by day and hour by hour,
when, in my opinion, they could devote them-
selves much more usefully to the country. We
go into the War Department for appointments
and beset the President for places.
At the suggestion of the Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr, Anthony] I will close my speech
here, and move that the Senate now proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HARLAN. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. iSUMNER. 1 second that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to adjourn takes pteccdence.
Mi. LANE, of Kansas. I hope we shall not
adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi\ DOOLFtTLE. Ihope I maybe allowed
to state that I understand they are taking the yeas
and nays in the House of Representatives on the
passage of the joint resolution for an additional
income tax, and it will be here in five minutes,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to discussion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Foot, Harlan, Lane
oflndiana, Morgan, Morrill, Sherman, Sumner,Wilkinson,
Willev, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Carlile, Clark,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Foster, Henderson, Ilendiicks,
Lane of Kansas, MrDongall, Pomeroy, Powell, Richard-
son, Riddle, Saulsbury,Sprague, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and
Van Winkle—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harris, Hicks, Howe, How-
ard, Johnson, Nesmith, Ramsey,Wade, and Wright—16.
So the Senate refused .to adjourn.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, lnow renew my mo-
tion for an executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. Letushave
a vote on the final adjournment.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose 1 can finish
my speech.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course you can; but
I hope the Senator from Kansas is not taking up
time. Let us fixa-day fo'radjournment and then
go into executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose we mean to wait
here until that joint resolution comes from the
House of Representatives, and then we can fix
an hour for the adjournment. In the mean time
I would just as lief hear some Senator make a
pleasant speech about literature or the adjourn-
ment or any thing else. If that joint resolution
should come to us to-night I suppose we can pass
it at once, as we have already acted on the sub-
ject-matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just by this wayof mak-
ing speeches we have been kept here three or four
hours by gentlemen who insist that Congress
shall remain here, and are making speeches to
take up the time. I think we had better get a
vote and fix the day of adjournment.
The PRESIDING OFF"lCElt,(Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
son] to the amendment of the Senator from Kan-
sas, [Mr. Lane.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I renew the motion of the
Senator from Kansas to proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On the question of whether
the adjournment shall be on Tuesday or Monday,
I am opposed at the present time to changing
U The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator,from Rhode
Island to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. CONNESS. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I was advised of that by
the President a moment since. It is unnecessary
that it should be suggested again, my memory
not being very infirm. I have not been able to
see the impinging importance of going into the
consideration of executive business. I am sure
that the mover assigns no particular reason for
having made the motion,
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me I will give the reason. I made the motion in
perfect good faith. There is on the table some
executive business that must be disposed of before
we adjourn. I beg the Senator to let us have a
vote upon (he motion.
Mr. MORRILL. There are some messages
there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am inclined to think
that is what they call an " artful dodge," and that
there is really no grave occasion for embarking
in executive session.
Mr. President, it is said that in a multitude of
counsels there is safety; but I have rather been in-
clined to think that in the multitude of counselors
there is confusion, arid that is the better text of
the two. My friends who are about me, many of
them, advise mo to go into executive session, and
