1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
many of them gay no. I am very much disposed to
do as f please and take my own counsel, and about
that there will be very little confusion, because I
will do very much as I please as long as I have
the floor and I am permitted by the President of ihe
Senate. We have some business here that might
as well be transscted without the labor of going
into executive session for the simple purpose of
coming out again, and I am inclined to think that
we might as well go along and transact our busi-
ness without any great regard for the dodges that
are practiced most successfully in the House of
Representatives and that I do not think ought to
obtain and be really an established law in the Sen-
ate Chamber. I am informed that some import-
ant business will probably be delivered to us in
a moment or two. My information comes from
a person of high authority; he is chief of the In-
dian Committee of this body, and the Indians are
fuJl of high instincts, and instinct is known to be
higher.than reason. What the Senator from
Wisconsin says is s@ I must admit to be true, on
the ground both of instinct and reason.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the ques-
tion of proceeding to the consideration of execu-
tive business debate is indulged in only to a lim-
ited extent.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I am alleging reasons
why we should not go into executive session, the
greatest reasons I c?.n conceive of. It is very
difficult at the present time to conceive of any
reasons which would lift the Capitol out ot its
firm seat 011 the hill; but still proximate consid-
erations are within the limit of debate. lam in-
clined to think it is not worth our while to go
into executive ses'&ion, and that rather than do
that we had better sit-down and take a smoke.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conneps,
Dno'irile, Foot, Foster, Hatlan. Lane of Indiana, Morgan,
Morrill, Sherman, Sunnier, and Wilson—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Cowdn, D<ivih, Ilen-
deison, n«ndricl< , Lane of Kansas, McDoujjaII, Pomeroy,
Powell, Ru'hatdxm, Riddle, Saul-bury, Sprugue,Tcn Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—18.
ABSENT—Me-sis. Biown, Collamor, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harris, Hicks, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Ne&imth, Ramsey, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wright—17.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the resolution fixing the day
of adjournment be postponed for half an hour.
["No, no."] I desire to^state to the Senate this
fact, that the House of Representatives has just
passed a joint resolution m regard to the income
tax and we had better dispose of that.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the Senator from Kansas
give way for a moment that I may call up a little
bill from the House of Representatives in favor
of a widow, a pension bill which has been re-
ported from our Committee on Pensions, and
ought to be passed ?
Mr. L,ANE, of Kansas. With groat pleasure.
Mr. 'fRUMBULL. I feel compelled to object.
In view of the course pursued, I must insist that
we hold on to the adjournment resolution until
we dispose of it.
Mr. FOSTER. The Senator from Illinois will
bear witness that I have notjwticipated m any-
thing which he can consider reprehensible. This
is the case of a widow; the bil^^as been passed
by the House of Representatives, and will be lost
if wo do not pass it promptly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We will pass it as soon
as we get through with the resolution.
Mr. POWELL As we have five minutes to
spare, I ask the Senate to take up the following
resolution which I offered some time since:
Resolved, That the conductor the executive authoiity of
the Government in recently clohiiM the otfiees and sup-
pre^mffthu publication of the World and Journal of Com-
merce newspapers, in the city of New Yoik, under circum-
stances which have been placed before the public, was an
net unwairanted in itself, dangerous to the c.u^e of the
Union, in violation of the Constitution, and subversive ol
the pnncipies ot civil liboity, and us &ueh is hereby cen-
sured by the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its introduc-
tion.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the reso-
lution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not move to postpone the measure
on which we have been engaged four hours in or-
der to get in this resolution of his. Let us get a
vote on the proposition before the Senate.
Mr. POWELL. I understand the Senate is not
ready to vote on that yet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not the Senator ready?
I am. ■ ■
Mr. POWELL. I withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Wilson] to the resolution fixing
the day of adjournment.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate do
now proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I told the gentleman hav-
ing the income tax bill in charge—it only binds
myself, of course—that in all human probability
if the other House took a definite course and sent
us a tax bill there would be no difficulty in ad-
journing on Monday. I feel bound, therefore,
now to vote for the resolution to adjourn on Mon-
day; but I shall not ask any other Senator to be
influenced by my action. The House of Rep-
resentatives have deliberately acted on the prop-
osition in regard to petroleum, leaf tobacco, and
whisky, and concluded not to change the existing
law on those subjects. Consequently we cannot
hope to have a bill including them from the other
House, and that House has already informed us
that we cannot originate such a bill. The only
tax bill that can be passed here is the one which
they are now passing. They have kept it free
from all amendments, made it simply an income
tax to provide for the bounties under the enroll-
ment bill.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
120) imposing a special income duty; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The adjourn-
ment resolution is before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I ask the Senate by
unanimous consent to take up the joint resolution
just leceived fiom the House of Representatives.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ihopenot. Letusfixthe
day ofadjournment and then [shall be willing to
take it up; but after four hours have been occupied
here on this question, 1 cannot consent to yield it.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the question now pending, which is
the resolution in regard to the adjournment, and
all other prior orders, and to proceed to the con-
sideration of the joint resolution just received from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I may as well inform the
Senator from California that if necessary 1 shall
object to its being read. That joint resolution
cannot be passed to-night unless we have some
action on the question before the Senate. If he
wishes to persist in his course he can do so. I
do not know that I can persist as long as he
can, but I have the power by myself alone to pre-
vent the passage of that joint resolution from the
House of Representatives to-night, and I shall
exercise it unless we can have some action on the
pending question.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President 
Mr. COWAN. Let us vote on the adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CARLILE. We could.have passed both
resolutions by this time.
MY. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
California will allow the resolution m regard to
the adjournment to be passed, and we can then
pass the other resolution; but if we fail to do it
we can move to reconsider the vote on the adjourn-
ment resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I will notpersistagainstthe
wish of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senate is very thin;
those who are in favor of remaining in session
until the public business is done have gone home.
I move, therefore, a call of the Senate, and on
that motion-1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Posie-
roy.) The Chair thinks it is not in order to
move a call of the Senate until the fact is devel-
oped that there is not a quorum present; as there
is no evidence that a quorum is not present, the
motion is not in order. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
to the amendment of the Senator from. Kansas.
The amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts is to fix the day of final adjournment at
Tuesday, the 5th day of July, at twelve o'clock,
and on that question the yeas and nays have beeti
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 22; as follows:'
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Chandler, Con-
ness, Foot, poster, Harlan, Morgan, Sunjner, Wilkinson,
and Wilson—11. *' ~
NAYS—Messrs. Carlile, Clark, Cowan, Davis, Don■
little, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, MeDotigall, Morrill, Ponteroy, Powell, Richard-
son, Kiddle, gaulubury, Sherman, Spragae, Ten Eyck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—22l.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Coilamer, Dixon, Fessenden,
Grimes, Hale, Harding, Harris, flicks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Nosniilli, Ramsey, Wade, and Wright—16.
So the amendment was rejected. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Lane] to fix the adjournment at
Monday, the 4th of July, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER, (at twenty minutes past
one o'clock, a. m., July 3.) I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 23; ?s follp'wg:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Foot,
Harlan, Morgan,' MorriH, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—10. _
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Cowan, Da-
vis, Doolittle, Foster, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Pomeroy, Powell,
Hichaidson, Itidille, Salisbury, Sherman, Sprague, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, VanWinkle.and Wiiley—23.
A BSF.NT—Messrs. Brown, Oollamer, Dixon, Fessen-
den, prunes, Hale, Harding, Harris, Hicks, Howard, Howe,
Johnson, Nesmitli, Ramsey, Wade, and Wright—16.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from jftansaa.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution and all other subjects
to take up the joint resolution of the House of
Representatives in regard to a special income tax.
if we pass that we can then pass this resolution
and close it up in ten minutes.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow this resolution to pass we
can then take up the other joint resolution and
act on it in ten minutes. You have persisted in
this course for four hours and persist still.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois has
persisted in fixing a time for adjournment with-
out knowing what the action of the House of Rep-
resentatives would be. I am for the House joint
resolution relative to the income tax first, and then
the adjournment. I ask for a vote on my prop-
osition by yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must rule, as advised, that the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives cannot be con-
sidered except by unanimous consent. It can
have its first reading, however.
Mr. WILSON. Very well.
Mr. CHANDLER. That bill cannot pass to-
night if we fix the adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Michi-
gan surely will not object to a bill of this kind.
" Mr. CHANDLER. I will object. If the mo-
tion to adjourn at twelve o'clock on Monday be
carried, that bill will not pass to-night.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe that precedent has
already been set by the Senator from Illinois, and
I do not see that the Senator from Michigan is
blamable for following it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I am perfectly
good-humored about this matter. A majority ot
the Senate, I think, manifestly have determined
that we can adjourn and ought to adjourn on
Monday. It seems to me every Senator ought
to yield to that. I believe it is the unanimous
willingness of the Senate without a single objec-
tion to" pass the income tax bill from the House of
Representatives; and I ask now whether therris
any Senator here who will use his parliamentary
privilege to prevent the passage of that import-
ant measure. If there is, it is due from him in
fairness ami honor now to say so.
Several Senators. Nobody.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can pass both measures;
and as the adjournment resolution was first under
