1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
He also laid before the Senatcacommunication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of March
22, copies of reports made by a commission ap-
- pointed in 1861 to inquire into Indian affairs; which
was referred to the Committee o# Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior,"transmitting
additional papers upon the subject of providing
means of subsistence for the Navajo Indians of
New Mexico upon a reservation at the " Bosque
Redondo/'on the Pecos river; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian AfFairs.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, submitting a
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and the accounts of the superintendent of Indian
affairs and Indian agents of the southern super-
intendence in pursuance of the act of March 3,
1863; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of watch-
men of the navy-yard at Washington, District of
Columbia, praying for an increase of their pay to
the same standard as the men doing similar duty
in the Executive Departments; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COWAN presented the memorial of Fred-
erick Watts, presidentof the Cumberland Valley
Railroad Company, remonstrating against an ex-
tension of the patents of Charles Goodyear for the
manufacture of vulcanized India rubber; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. GRIMES presented the memorial of Henry
0'Rielly,for increasing and cheapening telegraphic
correspondence among the American people,and
between them and the nations of the Old Woiid;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to present the
memorial of Perry McD. Collins, a citizen of the
United Slates and a resident of California, stal-
ing the fact that he has formed an arrangement
with the Government of Russia for (he constiuc-
tion of a telegraphic line by the Government of
Russia to the mouth of the Amoor river; that lie
has also made arrangements with the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, by which he is authorized
to construct a telegraphic line through the British
possessions of America on the northwestern coast
of America, and stating various reasons why the
United States are deeply interested, commercially
and otherwise, in aiding in the construction of
this telegraphic line which shall connect the tele-
graphic system of the United States with the tele-
graphic system of all Europe and Asia. I ask,
as this memorial is upon a very important sub-
ject, one of the most important that can be pre-
sented in the present state of society and of the
world, the question of telegraphic connection be-
tween this continent and the continents of the Old
World, that the memorial which is short may be
printed, and that the memorial with the accom-
panying papers may be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
It was so referred; and the motion to print was
agreed to.
ADMISSION OF NMBUASKA AS A STATE.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
ordets, iind take up for consideration the bill (H.
R. No. 14^,) to enable the people of Nebraska
to form a constitution ami Smto government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union on
uti equal footing; with the original States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to oppose
that motion;'but I wish to say to the Senator fiom
Ohio and other Senators that at one o'clock 1
shall insist upon going on with the regular order
of business.
Mr. WADE. I shall not press this bill after
that time. I presume we can pass it long before
that hour arrives. It is precisely like the bills
we passed some days ago to enable other Ter-
ritories to become .States. If the people are to
organize under this bill, it is time it should be
passed.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. The
proposed State is to consist of all the territory in-
cluded v/iUim iltv h'llowmg bwimdai i -s: commen-
cing at a point formed by the intersection of the
western boundary of the State of Missouri with
the fortieth degree of north latitude; extending
thence due west along the fortieth degree of north
latitude to a point formed by its intersection with
the twenty-fifth degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence north along the twenty-fifth
degree of longitude to a point formed by its in-
tersection with the forty-first degree of north lat-
itude; thence west along the forty-first degree of
north latitude to a point formed by its intersec-
tion with the twenty-seventh degree of longitude
west from Washington; thence north along the
twenty-seventh degree of west longitude to a
point formed by its intersection with the forty-
third degree of north latitude; thence east along
the forty-third degree of north latitude to the
Reya Paha river; thence down the middle of the
channel of that river, with its meanderings, to its
junction with the Niobraia river, thence down
the middle of the channel of the Niobrara river,
and following the meanderings thereof, to its
junction with the Missouri river; thence down
the middle of the channel of the Missouri river,
and following the meanderings thereof, to the
place of beginning.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. There is an unusual provis-
ion in the twelfth section of the bill to which 1
desire to call attention. It is as follows:
That five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of all pub-
lic lands lying within said Slate, which have heeu or shall
he r>old by the Umted States piior or t-ubsequent to the ad-
mission ol said Slate into ihe Union, al'rerdeductmjrall the
expen-.es incident to the Mime, shall he paid to the said
State lor the suppoit of common schools.*
It is not usual to grant the five percent, on the
sale of lands preceding the admission of the State.
I call the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee and the Senate to it. The usual provision
is to give five per cent, of the proceeds of the sales
of all public lands after the admission of the State.
Mr. WADE. This provision was in the bill
as it came to us from the House of Representa-
tives, and as those sales do not amount to much
anyhow, we thought we might be generous to this
State, and that it was not of sufficient importance
to strike it out and make an amendment. There
has not been a vast deal of land sold there; but
the gentleman knows more than I do about the
quantity. I suppose it will be somewhat ex-
pensive to erect a State government there, and I
should be willing to extend this privilege to them,
though I am not siren nous about it. If the Senate
think it would be generous now to strike it out,
they can do so. I prefer the bill as it is, but I
shall not resist such an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what was the population of Nebraska when the
last census was taken, and whether there has
probably been any increase of population since
that time or not. I know that in these days it
is regarded as a very small matter to make a State.
It u*ed to be considered a matter of someconsid-
erablc importance; but now we can make a Ter-
ritory into a State in the morning hour without
anybody scarcely listening to the bill when it is
read. 1 have not looked at the census with a
view to this question this morning; but my rec-
ollection of the population of Nebraska is that
there aie some twenty or thirty thousand people
there, if Congress think pioper to admit every
twenty or thirty thousand people they can find
anywhere as a State, they will multiply States
very rapidly. The numberof inhabitants neces-
sary to send a Representative to the Congress of
the United States in the old States is about one
hundred and twenty-five thousand, I think.
Mr. DAVIS. One hundred and twenty-seven
thousand.
Mr. TltUMRULL. This Territory, I sup-
pose, has not got twenty-seven thousand. I im-
agine not, though I do not know what its popu-
lation is.
Mr. DAVIS. Twenty-eight thousand and a
fraction.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky, who has looked into the subject it seems,
saysthatthe population is twenty-eight thousand
and a fraction. lam not disposed to take up time
m opposition to the bill; but I think it is rather
ah important matter to be disposed of in the morn-
ing hour without any consideration.
Mr. FOSTER I should like also to inquire
whether even this small population of twenty-
five thousand or twenty-eight thousand have
asked to be admitted as a State. It seems to me
if they have it is a very strange fact. For all
practical purposes a territorial government is a
State government, allowing the people substan-
tially the rights and privileges which they would
have if the Territory w%re a State; but as they
are now situated, all their territorial expenses are
paid by the national Government from the na-
tional Treasury. If twenty-five thousand people
in that far-off region are desirous of paying the
expenses and bearing the burden of a State gov-
ernment, it seems to me wonderful. I should like
very much to know how many of the population
of that Territory have asked to be made a State.
For one, I should not wish to impose upon them
the burdens of a State government without their
asking for it. It will make taxation very heavy
to sustain a State government there. It is true I
shall not have it to pay,and my constituents will
not; and the Treasury of the United States will
be relieved of supporting a territorial government;
but I should hesitate a little before incorporating
this Territory into a State without very substan-
tial evidence that they wanted the incorporation.
It is very easy to conjecture how there may bo
apparently a desire in a;ferritoty to be made into
a State. In the first place, aTerritory is not rep-
resented in this body, and a State has two rep-
resentatives here. Then again there are various
offices in a State which are not filled while the
territoiial condition continues. Some half dozen
influential and ambitious men who aspire to be
Senators and members of the House of Repre-
sentatives and district judges may veiy easily get
up an apparent desire in the population of a Ter-
ritoiy to be made intoaState. But how far, out-
side of the men who aspire to these offices, does
this desire extend? How far does it extend among
the mass of the people? Who is it living in a
Territ&ry that would not prefer to have it con-
tinue a Territory until it had assumed the size
and proportions of a State, than to have it made
prematurely into a State? Who, except the men
whocxpectto hold these importantoffices? They,
it is true, might feel ambitious and desirous of
changing the territorial condition into that of a
State; but I apprehend few besides themselves
would be actuated by that feeling. I do not, for
myself, believe that if the question were put to the
people of that Territory to-day, one half of them
would be in favor of changing their teiritonal
condition into the condition of a State. I am at
a loss to imagine on what principle those who
would vote for the change would so vote. What
would they gain by it, and how much do they
clearly lose?
If these people are desirous of being incorpo-
rated into a State, I certainly shall not withhold
my vote from it, although I confess the amount
of the population seems to me altogether too small,
altogether too insignificant, to be made into a State.
Still, if they desire it, and it is the sense of the
Senate, I shall not oppose it; but I shall want
fust to be satisfied beyond a peiadventure that
the great majority of the people themselves desire
this change.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I am a little sur-
prised that an objection should be raised to the
enabling of the people of Nebraska to form a State
government, when no such objection has been
made to the other enabling acts that have been
passed duringthis session. I believe this Terri-
tory has as many inhabitants as the other Tern-
tones that we have already authorized to form a
State government.
The first objection of the Senator from Illinois
is that the population of Nebraska is not suffi-
cient; that there ought to be population enough
there for a representation in the House of Repre-
sentatives. That has never been the rule in the
organization of these Territories. I hardlyknow
of one that has been admitted that had population
enough at the time of admission to demand a rep-
resentation in the HouseofRopresentativesunder
the apportionment. Some of them may have
had sufficient undoubtedly, but they were very
few. Why, sir, Floiida existed as a State for a
gieat many years before it had sufficient popula-
tion to entitle it to representation. Iowa, also, I
think 
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
