1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•ricnce, and from the result in my own district,
that if the proclamation of martial Saw had not
been made a larger vote would have been cast
and-a larger majority given for most of the Union
Democratic candidates. The only effect of that
unnecessary order was to discourage a full vote,
and rob the success of the Union party ofall moral
weight with the country. I confess thatthe most
objectionable feature to mc in this case is the
seeming indorsement which my colleague gave
tp the military order by franking it to different
parts of his district. But we do not know what
he wrote with the orders which he thus franked,
or under what peculiar circumstances he was led
to do so. I would fain hope and believe that he
sent them to some manly and intelligent citizens
of his district, calling their attention to the inter-
ference of the military in the election in Ken-
tucky, and requesting them to use their influence to
counteract it. But I do not believe that that order
increased his majority. I know that lie received
n. majority compared with any vote hitherto cast
in theit district, and that fact will control my vote,
although I am dissatisfied with his seeming in-
dorsement of these military orders.
Mr. YEAMAN. It is not proved in the evi-
dence that I franked any of these orders, and
yet it is interpolated into the minority report in
this case.
Mr. WADS WORTH. I beg my colleague's
pardon; I have misunderstood the reports from
the committee.
Mr. YEAMAN. My recollection is that I sent
two or three of them, not exceeding three, at the
request of citizens of other counties who hap-
pened to be m my town at the time; and I sent
them without comment and without request.
-Mr. WADS WORTH. I am glad, Mr Speak-
er, to hear from this explanation of my colleague
that he sent tljem upon request from a few friends
without indorsing them; and he will recollect
that I did not affirm that he had given these orders
any indorsement, but only seemed to do so.
Mr. YEAMAN. Of course I recollect that.
Mr. WADSWORTH. On the contrary, I was
trying to insinuate what I would fain hope and
believe to be the fact, that my colleague did not
approve of them. I do not know how any Ken-
tuckian could approve this arbitiary interference
with the action of the people of his State on so
gieatand solemn an occasion as an election for
Governor and Legislature, and Representatives
in Congress. It would be a sunender of the dig-
nity, rights, and independence of the State to
Fedual usurpation.
There is another featuie Mr. Speaker, from
which I must express my dissent Our gallant
Kentucky soldiers came home and voted. God
bless them and shield them every where! They
had a right to come home and vote. Long may
that right remain with them .and the rest of their
fellow-citizens unobstructed, and unpolluted !
What was the influence on the mind of the sol-
dier of these orders of his superior ofliceis ? Could
the gallant soldier vote freely svith orders of that
description hanging over him? Could he, when lie
saw ins superior officer interfering with the election
and aiming his interference at a particular candi-
dato, be supposed to vote freely?
Mr. A. MYERS. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky pet nut me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WADS WORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. A.MYERS. These soldiers, about whom
the gentleman is proposing to speak, did they
vote for the candidate or for the sitting member?
Mr. WADSWORTII. I understand that they
voted for the aittin^ member; at ieast m great pait.
Mr. A. MYERS. Then, Mr. Speaker, 1 will
vote for him, too.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I know whom the gen-
tleman would vote for if In; were in my State. I
rould pick out the men he wouid vote for. lie
would vote for the men who stay at home and lie
a-hedand loll about and prate of" putting down
the rebellion,5' and taint with theirvile breath the
loyalty of gallant Union soldiers like my friend,
(Mr. McHenry,) who stood boldly in the storm
of battle at Donelson and Sluloh, watering the
soil with his blood.
Mr. MoBENRY. I aver, and have proven,
that these soldiers wete sent home under a mis-
apprehension; ar.d in some instances they weie
toki by the commanding officer liial if they voted
lor mc they would not be allowed their mon°y. It
has been also stated that men of my own regiment
were not allowed to come.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I think the soldiers
should have voted for my colleague, the sitting
member. He was the regular nominee of the
Union Democratic party, "Colonel McHenry's
party, and my friend Colonel McIIenry was bolt-
ing the nomination, and I think the soldiers should
have sustained the nominee of the Union Democ-
racy. My friend, Colonel McHenry, has a rec-
ord which will forever fix his/4 loyalty.'* If my
humble testimony to his "loyalty" were worth
anything, but I am afraid it is not, I would cheer-
fully give it. He is as patriotic a man as lives.
To prove whose blood is reddest for the Union,
he has made incision on the battle-field. The
line from which he draws that blood attests his
patriotism. The principles upon which he stands
to-day attest it.
But I was about to observe, Mr. Speaker, that
I object to these military orders because of
their natural influence on the minds of the sol-
diers. If I had testimony sufficient to convince
me that there were enough of soldiers voting on
that presupposition to give the majority to my
colleague, I confess that 1 should hesitate before
1 would declare him entitled to his seat. I do not
know how a private in the ranks could vote freely
under the influence of such orders, and of the
active interference of his superior officer against
a candidate. But 1 do not believe that that oper-
ated to any such extent as to vitiate the election.
On the contrary, I am of opinion that although
many of the soldiers would have preferred to vote
for my friend Colonel McHenry, from knowing
him a fellow-soldier in the field, and some, per-
haps, from having served under him, yet I am of
opinion that the soldiers of Kentucky in general
would wish to sustain the nominee of the Union
Democracy, that noble party that, under the lead
of men immortal, piloted them through the dark-
ness and storm of J61 and '62.
Mr. Speaker, I have made these observations
because, while 1 intend to vote for my Qplleaguc,
I did not intend tp do it in silcnce, under any cir-
cumstances that might seem to give jpy indorse-
ment, or the sanction of the colleagues from Ken-
tucky with whom it is my pnde and pleasure to
act on this floor, of the right of Federal officers,
civil or military, to interfere in the election in
Kentucky, to dictate to county judges whom they
should appoint as judges of election, or to dic-
tate to judges of election whom they should
permit to be candidates, or whom they should
permit to vote; denying with uplifted hands that
they have any right, under any circumstances, to
do anything of that sort. And, sir, as this may
prove a matter of considerable importance in the
coming presidential election, 1 have been all the
more desirous to express thus publicly my disap-
probation of these orders, as well as that of the
colleagues with whom I coooperate.
1 want no repetition of these outrages. I want
a fair, peaceable, and free election in Kentucky in
the approaching presidential election.' Then, if
she gives her vote to General Fiemont, or Abra-
ham Lincoln, or Benjamin Butler, or anybody
else, no one will yield a moie perfect obedience to
the voice of the mother of all Kentuckians, the
ever-honored Commonwealth, than I, the hum-
blest of her children.
ButI want that clcction to be free, because the
people of that State are free, desQended of free-
men, and I trust unable to endure life on any
terms unworthy of the sons ot the free. And if
that election is not free, I trust, animated by the
spirit of those ancestois, they will prove that
their blood still lives m their veins and burns with
generous auiot.
Mi. VOORHEES resumed the floor.
Mr. SMITH. 1 ask the gentleman from Indi-
ana, before he proceeds, to allow rue a few min-
utes' time.
Mr. VOORHEES. How much time does the
gentleman from Kentucky desire?
Mr. SMITH. Not more than fifteen or twenty
minutes*
Mr. VOORHEES. I will state to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that I do not expect to occupy J
anything like the hour to,which I am entitled,
and I prefer to go on now.
Mr. SMITH. 11 it is uudeistood that the de-
bate in this case is not to close when the gentle-
man'from Indiana hus concluded his remarks, I ,
have no desire to interfere with the gentlenian at
this time. - , ,
The SPEAKER tempore,' (Mr, CxoociHfY
the chair.) The Chair understood the'amuige-j
ment to be that the.contestant'was_ to'o'6cu'^y tfnt
hour, then with the assenfeof the sitting
the gentleman from Indiana.was to haVe theftpujirjr
after which the sitting member *and the fco'ntesi~
ant were to close the debate. ; " : ,
Mr. YEAMAN. It may have been so' ex-,
pressed. My intention was' that all the nfrtoi-1
bers who desired it should address the House!
before I claim my right to the fioo£. , ' '
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If thetejlb no,
objection, that will, be the understanding of the'
House. - - • -
Mr. VOORHEES. I will yield thefl'obr to the
gentleman when I get through. I do not expect
to occupy more than half the time allotted me..
Mr. Speaker, I perhaps ought to be content to
leave this case as it standsj after the able, fhor*
ough, rind very eloquent speech of the content-"
ant himself. He has covered *he whole groiind^
so that there is hardly a place for a word to b&
added in his behalf. Whatever may be' the ac-
tion of the House, tire contestant has added one
more claim to the gratitude and affection -of the .
people of Kentucky, and to the pride which they
already entertain in him a^ one of her most brave
and gifted sons. This he has done by the pre-
sentation of his case to-day, and in the presenta-
tion, in that connection, of the cause of constitu-
tional liberty.
But, sir, having made a minority reportfrom
the Committee of Elections, I deem itoroper te-
state very briefly the reasons which inducod me:
to take that course. Before I do so, however, I
must express- my surprise at the course the Ken-
tucky delegation have seen fit to pursue, a course
which places mc m the peculiar attitude of de-
fending the freedom and purity of the elective
franchise in that State without the support of
her own Representatives. I was amazed at tho
position assumed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky who has just taken his seat, [Mr. Wads-
worth,] speaking on behalf of the Kentucky
delegation, admitting fully the illegality of {h<s
arbitrary and unconstitutional interference on iho
part of the military authorities in-this election-,
and yet failing to hold invalid the election which
resulted from that interference and usurpation.
Sir, 1 regret the position in which I am placed,
but I feel in some degree authorized to speak for
Kentucky. Though not quite " to the manner
born," yet my fathers were, and their dust sleeps
in her eailiest graves. I shall th^cfore speak as
one of kin by blood, if not an immediate child
of the household.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman who has just spo-
ken [Mr. Wadsworth] says this election was
not, m his judgment, controlled or aifected by
these military orders, which he joins me m de-
nouncing. Sir, L find in the Constitution of the
United States that44 the times, places, and man-
ner of holding elections for Senatore-and Repre-
sentatives shall be prescribed in each State by
the Legislature thereof." In accordance with
this provision of the Constitution Kentucky pre-
scribed the time, place, and manner of hoJaing
elections for Representatives in her vaiious dis-
tricts. But this election in the second district is
confessedly and abundantly proven in Svery part
of the evidence to have been held, not puisuant
to ti laws of Kentucky, but precisely pursuant to
these military orders, which the gentleman [Mr.
Wadsworth) has so eloquently denounced. The
judges of election swear to these facts. They
swear that they held this election in conformity
to these military Ordeis and not with reference to
any law that Kentucky had made on that bub*
ject; that if the law conflicted with these ordeis
they obeyed the oidcrs and 'not the law. This
Is sworn evidence, sir. -
Mr. Speaker, I ha\e served m-at-ly four years
as a member of the Committee of Elections, ever
since I entered this House. I havutaken fornVy
rule of action as a member of that committecand
ofthjs House that when I indorse an election it
shall be both free and pure. 1 propose? to show
that this election was neither The judges them-
selves swear that it was not free, and I will show
you by the evidence that it was vastly impure.
What ar^ the frets* A colonel by the name of
John W. Foster, of Indiana, issued the first reg-
