1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WADE. I will not be sure about that;
but you may take Florida, Arkansas, and Texas,
and not one of them had the population requisite
to entitle a State to a Representative. Texas had
two Representatives assigned to her when she
had nothing like population enough to entitle her
to one. That has not been the rule upon which
we have proceeded. Where a Territory was fill-
ing up fast with population,and was immediately
to assume an important position in the Confed-
eracy by reason of the fertility of its lands and
the rapidity with which it was being peopled, I
suppose that constituted pretty much the reason
why we have not insisted on any such rule. Cer-
tainly a rule that we have never applied to other
Territories should not be applied to this.
The next objection is that we are about to im-
pose a State government on a people agninsttheir
will. 1 should be as much opposed to that, sir,
as the gentleman fi om Connecticut. He demands
of me to know whether it is the wish of these
people to be enabled to form a State government.
That is the purpose of this bill. It is only to en-
able the people there, if they see fit, to meet in
convention and there determine either to have a
State government or not. Do they want a State
government? They have a Delegate in the other
House, who, I suppose, fairly represents then-
will and their wishes. lie was there advising
the passage of tins bill. He ought to know
whether they want it or not, and 1 have no doubt
lie does. I have no question thai he fairly represents
the people there; but whcihei he does or not, we
only present to the people the power to meet and
take upon themselves a State government, and
relieve the Government of the United States from
supporting their government if they see fit to do
so. The Senator is afraid that we shall burden
them with the expenses of carrying on a State gov-
ernment. I do not believe they would thank the
gentleman for that kind of advice. I have no
doubt that they are able to take care of their own
concerns; they are intelligent; they do not want
any counsel on that subject from without, I pre-
sume. If they do not want a State government
they are not obliged to have it. The bill only
enables them to have it if they want it. Then
that objection falls to the ground.
I know of no objection in this case that has not
been overcome in every instance where such a
bill has been presented; and certainly there is no
reason existing against enabling these people to
form a State government that has not existed in
every case of this kind that has been presented
since I have had a seat on this floor. It is a large,
fertile Terntory, n^v, under the operation of
your homestead law, filling up with population
beyond all previousexample. Why then should
we now adopt a rule to prevent their exercising
their will and having aState if they want it ? The
reasons are all the other way. We have invited
men to go into our Terntones and take upland
and get a title to it under the homestead law.
That policy has increased greatly the settlement
of our fertile Territories lying contiguous to and
of easy access from the old peopled part of the
country. I have no doubt that this Territory
will have a population amply sufficient for a Rep-
resentative by the time they get a State govern-
ment formed and are ready to elect their officers.
Therefore I see no reason why we should not
follow the rule of all the rest; but I do not wish
to take up time in speaking.
Mr. DAVIS. Permit me to make a suggestion
to the chairman of the committee, particularly as
it is apparent there is not a quorum present, that
this measuie be laid over informally, so that the
morning business may be gone through with.
Mr. WADE. 1 have no objection to that. I
do not wish to press it; but I wish to have it
passed in such time that if the people see fit to
form a State government they can do it before
the next election.
Mr. FOSTER. Before the matter passes from
under consideration, 1 wish to say a word in re-
ply to the suggestion that I am undeitdknig to
give advice to the people of this Territory, they
being, as the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee suggests, abundantly competent, in his opin-
ion, to decide their own matters for themselves.
That is the very principle which I was advoca-
ting; and i only asked—and asked what has not
been answered—whether the people hud requested
by petition here—which is the only way they can
1559
request it—that a State government be formed,
saying that if they had asked it I was ready to
^ivc it to them. That was the position in which
I was gi\ ing " advice."
Mi. WADE. Whether they have asked it by
petition or not,, I do not know. There was no
petition sent to our committee; there may have
been petitions sent to Congress. I rely on their
representative in the other House.
Mr. FOSTER. If the representative is in-
structed by his people to ask this, it is all right,
but unless that representative is instructed to ask
for the admission of the Territory as a State, I
submit to the honorable chairman whether he
and his committee, and the Senate, if this bill
passes, are not advising the people of this Terri-
tory, calling upon them to come together, and say
whether they will not be made into a State. It
is I who am standing here upon the principle of
letting the people manage their own affairs in
their own way, and when they want to be made
a State, to say so. The gentleman goes over the
ground of calling them together and asking them
if they will not be made a State. I think that is
rather dictating, or, at all events, giving advice,
instead of waiting patiently for the people to ex-
piess their own wishes.
Mr. WADE. Will the gentleman allow me?
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. We wish to give them the right,
the privilege, of doing as they please on this sub-
ject; and cari they do as they please on this sub-
ject, without our action, provided they want a
State government? They cannot have it without
our action if they want it.
Mr. FOSTER. Certainly they cannot; but the
doors of the Senate are open, the doors of the
House of Representatives aie open, and if they
want a State government it is pretty easy for the
people of the Territory to make their voice heaid
here and let us know that they want it. Itseems
to me officious, to say the least, for us to pass a
bill inviting them to come together and express
their views on this question. I think the people
are abundantly competent to say, *i When we want
a State government we will ask you to give us
one."
Mr. HARLAN. If the chairman of the com-
mittee does not intend to insist upon a vote on this
bill this morning 1 move that it be postponed, and
that we take up for consideiation Senate bill No.
208.
Mr. WADE. I give notice that I shall call up
this bill to-morrow morning, for I wish to get it
through in a reasonable time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
consideration of the bill will be postponed until
to-morrow. The bill is postponed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the select committee on
slaveiy and freedmen, to whom were referred
petitions praying that something may be done to
ameliorate the condition of persons who have been
freed from slavery by the present war, reported
a bill (S. No. 227) to establish a Bureau of Freed-
men; which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 55) granting certain privileges to
the city of Dos Moines, in the State of Iowa, im-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of C. Mullohan, of Gal-
!ipo!is,Ohio, praying that additional time be given
for the location of land warrants of soldiers of
the war of 1812, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 228) providing for satisfying
claims for bounty lands, and for other purposes.
The bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordeicd to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY,from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 149) concermngcertain school landsin town-
ship forty-five north, ran^e seven east, in the State
of Missouri, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (S. No,
215) for the relief of the suffiiters at Lawienee,
! Kansas, by the Gtuantrell iaid of July 21, 1863,
| asked to be discharged from Us further considera-
i tion; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom,
was referred a memorial of the proprietor of the
New York Sun, praying for the remission of the
Government tax on the paper, to be given to the
Now York sanitary fair, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration*, which was agreed
to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee oil
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 160) to grant aid for the construction of cer-
tain railroads in Wisconsin, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. HARDING, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
166) authorizing the archives in the office of the
recorder of land titles in the State of Missouri
to be delivered to said State, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of the Legislature of
Kansas, in favor of a grant of lands to that State
in lieu of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
sold for the benefit of certain Indian tribes, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 229) to regulate the mode of ascertaining the
value of lands or other real estate that may be
taken fur the public use of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordeicd to be printed.
tie also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 230) to
prevent the assembling of, and trial by, courts-
martial, of capital or otherwise infamous crimes
not arising in the land or naval forces of the United
States or in the militia when in actual service in
time of war or public danger; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
231) conccrning the subsistence and pay of the
Army; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia, and ordered to bo printed.
RAILROADS IN IOWA AND MINNESOTA.
On motion of Mr. IIARLAN, the bill (S. No.
208) making a grant of lands to the State of Iowa
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Mc-
Gregor to some point on the Missouri river, and
certain lateral loads to connect with railroads in
the State of Minnesota, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to grant to the State of Iowa
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of a
railroad fioin the town of McGregor on the west
bank of the Mississippi river in the State of Iowa,
thence extending westward Gy the most practi-
cable route on or near the forty-thiid parallel of
north latitude to some point on the Missouri river
between Sargent's Bluffs and the northern bound-
ary of that State; also to aid in the construction
of a raihoad commencing at Cedar Falls m that
State, thence along or near the valley of the Ce-
dar river to the noithern boundary thereof, in the
direction of Mankato, in the State of-Mimiesota;
also to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Sioux City, in that State, to the noithein bound-
ary theieof, in the direction of Mankato, every
alternate section of public land of the United
States, not mineral, designated by odd numbers,
to the amount of five alternate sections per mile
on each side of the railroads on the line thereof,
within the State of Iowa. But in case it shall
appear that the United States have, when the line
or route of the roads is definitely fixed, sold, ap-
propriated, reserved, or otherwise disposed of any
sections or any part thereof thus granted , or that
the right of pieemption or homestead settlement
has attached to the same, then it is to be the duty
of the Secretary of the Interior to select, in alter-
nate sections or parts of sections, from the public
lands of the United States neaiest to the specified
tiersofsections,so much public land of the United
Stated, not mineral, as shall be equal in amount
to such lauds as the United States have sold or
otherwise appropriated, oi to which the rights of
preemption or homestead settlement may have
attached; which lands thus selected, in lieu of
those sold, reserved, or otherwise appropriated or
