514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Ip my judgment none of these States will be 1
excluded from their just rights in the Union. Nor
will any other State when the triumph of our
arms makes it possible for the loyal men of those
States to assert their claim to its protection.
The first State which returns to the Union un-
der the President's proclamation of amnesty and
resumes its rights under the Constitution will
. inflict a heavier blow upon the cause of rebellion
than a victory won by our Army.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I enter at this
time upon the discussion of this question with
much diffidence from the fact that there has been
manifested such a disposition on the part of the
H.ouse to comc to a direct voce upon it. I had
intended to offer an amendment to the bill under
consideration which I believed of much'import-
ance, but the operation of the previous question
cut me off. It was this:
Provided further, That nothingin tlie act aforesaid enti-
tled u An act to suppress insunecfion, to punish tieason
and rebellion, to seize and confiscate the pioperty of reb-
els, and for other purpose*," approved July 17, J £69,shall
be construed to bar or prevent any bona fide ouginal loyal
holder of, and cieditor of, any piormssory note or account
against tlie rebel owner who e estate may be condemned
under this act.
I shall now say nothing on this subject; but,
sir, in submitting the few remarks I have to offer
at this late hour I hope I shall be prompted by
the highest considerations of justice and truth. I
present myself to-day as a Representative of a
portion of the people of the United States, and in
all I shall say, and in the vote I shall cast, I hope
to rise higher than a partisan and look alone to
the future interest of the whole country. I am not
here as a Republican, as an Abolitionist, a Whig,
or Democrat, but as a Union man to do my duty
toward the whole country North and South.
We are now considering a proposition which,
if made a law and is acted upon, will become in
all probability a precedent or rule of action for
generations to come. And looking not alone to
the present but future of our country, when you
and I, Mr. Speaker, and all of us shall have passed
away, and our children and grandchildren shall
control the destinies of this Republic, our desire
above all things, as honest men, patriots, and phi-
lanthropists, should be in this our day of trouble
and danger to so conduct ouiselves and legislate
as will give them little trouble, good examples,
and wholesome laws. As for myself I mean this;
and what I shall say to-day will be in no spirit
of revenge, but a sense of duty to the innocent
and proper arraignment of the guilty and criminal.
In discussing this question 1 shall pursue my
own course and manage it m my own -way,
plainly,honestly,and f;iiily,that every man here
and in the country shall fully undeistund mc and
accord to me my proper position.
The United States is one Government, and the
Government of one people, with a Constitution
defining its principles, its rights, and its powers;
so also are the rights and powers of the several
States which make up this Government clearly
defined and established, as well as the rights of
each individual citizen of the State and General
Government. There is no conflict in the rights,
powers,and privilegesofeitherGovernment,State, !
or citizen; but, on tlie contraiy, remaikabfe har-
mony and consistency characterizes that instru-
ment, thereby demanding of the patriot and phi-
lanthropist the warmestsupportnnd defense. The
Government in its Constitution says that a more
perfect Union is formed " to establish justice, in-
sure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
.defense, promote the general wiifare,and secure .
the blessings of libei ty to ourselves and our pos- 1
teutyaud the people pledged,after much delib-
eration and discussion, to accept and maintain it, !
not that they yielded their i ightor powei to alter, or j
amend, or abolish this one when they saw proper, !
but that in altering, amending, or abolishing,they ;
were to conform to the rule laid down  n this, j
They wore one people in many States; it was a !
more perfect Union of the people which the Consti- !
tution made. Yet prior to the adoption of the •
Constitution there was a Union of the sovereign !
people of the colonies, which I will undertake '
briefly to show as necessary to the conclusion I !
desire to arrive at in discussing the right of Con-
gress constitutionally to pass this law. j
Originally the thirteen colonies were but inte- ;
gral parts of the British nation, their head and ;
fountain, the land of their fathers and home of !
their brethren; they belonged to and were iden-
tified with their nationality, and in all their rela-
tions, externally and to some extent internally,
were subjcct to the authority of the King and
Parliament. In leaving their homes and coming
to America they brought with them all the rights
and privileges of native-born English freemen,
and were organized into separate colonial com-
munities and governments for the enjoyment, ex-
ercise,and protection of those rights,and the better
management of their municipal and local affairs.
In this relation to the British Government, feeling,
knowing, and appreciating their position, the col-
onies, when first called together in council to con-
sider the aggressions made upon them by the
British King and Parliament, felt that they had
common cause for complaint, and their sympa-
thies, privations, and privileges of colonial life"
were alike equal, and called on all to unite in a
common appeal for redress and justice and the
maintenance of their rights as freemen at all
hazards.
Oppressions working injuriously upon any part
of the country were felt and experienced by the |
whole. The imposition of heavy taxation on I
Massachusetts Bay fell alike on each one of the j
thirteen colonies. And when the stamp act was ;
passed the people of the thirteen colonies were all
equally interested and concerned. And in the
Continental Congress of 1765 assembled in New
York the question was asked, "Upon whatground
shall we vindicate our liberties? On the faith
of our charters, or on the principles of natural
rights?" "A confirmation of our essential and
common rights as Englishmen," said Christopher
Gadsden, of South Carolina, " may be pleaded
from our charters safely enough. But any fur-
ther dependence upon them may be fatal. We
should stand upon the bioad common ground of
those natural rights that we all feel and know as
men, and as descendants of Englishmen. I wish
the charters may not insnare at last by drawing
different colonies to act differently in this great
cause. Whenever that is the case all will be over
with tlie whole. There ought to be no New Eng-
land man, no New Yorker known on the continent,
but all of us Americans." This was the universal
feeling, and then and there a Union was formed,
an agreement entered into, a compact made, not
between States, for theie were none; not by Con-
stitution, there was none; not by Articles of Con-
federation, they had none; but by the whole people,
as Americans, to defend, establish, and maintain
their liberties.
The people proceeded unitedly to send up their
remonstrances and memorials to the King and
Parliament, asking for a redress of their griev-
ances, prayingfor nothing but justice and the res-
toration of peacc and quiet to a disturbed country.
The oppression and wrongs were general, and
they asked for general relief. With relief came
quiet, order, and submission, as in the case of the
repeal of the stamp act; but with renewed out-
rages, greater oppressions, and a manifest dispo-
sition on the partof King and Parliament to press
down harder and severer upon the people, and in-
stead of recognizing the rights and liberties to
which they were justly entitled, even as equals
and of the blood of Englishmen, constant effuits
to reduce them to abject vassalage were exhibited;
then was there united resistance, a firm and fixed
purpose to come togetheras one man and demand
of their lords and masters the justice and rights
and privileges—moral, civil, and political—to
which they were justly entitled. The sentiment
then was, looking to the piesent and future in- J
terest of the colonies, that all lines and divisions
were blotted out, sectionalism was hushed, Mas- ;
snehusetts slipok hands with South Carolina and !
Vn gi nut anil the other colonies joined in and i
pledged to the Union. Then it was that the great I
statesman of Virginia, Patrick Henry, exclaimed: |
" (Jovermnent is dissolved, fleets and armies, and tlie !
present state of things slmw that Government i« dissolved, j
When- aieyour landmaikc;, j our boundanes of colonics? 1
We ate m a hUfe ot natuie. C did piopose that a scale !
should bo laid down. That part which %vas onceMa^a- |
chu^ctts Hay,and thatpait which was oneeViiginia, ought !
to have some weight." * + * * "Thedistinc- I
lions between Virginians, Pennsyiv.wians, New Yorkers, [
and New Englandms, me no tnote. I can not a Virginian, '
hut an American."' j
Would that this were the language and feeling 1
to-day of all the members of this House, and the j
people everywhere. This great and patriotic sen- I
timent rang throughout the colonies, and electri-
fied the nation. And their Congress, assembled
in the midst of this unhappy and excited condi-
tion of the people, said, in an address delivered to
the inhabitants of the thirteen colonies," that they
had met to consult together for the welfare of
our common countrySo, sir, were the titles of
Union, American, United Colonies assumed and
adhered to as the style of the Government about
to be-established. The entire legislation of the
Continental Congress was in the name and by the
authority of that Union which had been made.
Troops were called into the field for common de-
fense, an army was orangized, and a commanding
general-in-chiefappointed; andsuchwas theuni-
versai understanding of the former Union and its
present' and undeniable existence, that the Con-
gress of 177 4 passed in the name and by the author-
ity of the United Colonies resolutions of non-im-
portation, non-consumption, and non-exportation
as between England and America, and declared:
" We do for ouiselves and the inhabitants of the several
colonies* whom we repieseut, firmly agree and associateun-
der the sacred ties of viitue, honor, and love of country, aa
follows:
uFir>t. That from and aftci the 1st day of December next
we will not import into British America, from Great Britain
or f i eland j any goods, waies, or merchandise whatsoever;
or trom any other place any such goods, wares, or mer-
chandise as shall have been exported trom Great Biitain
or Ireland; nor will we, after that day, import any East In-
dia tea from any part efthe world; nor any molasses, sirups,
paneles, cotfee, or pimento fiom the British plantations,
or from Dominica, nor wine1?from Madeira or the Western
Islands, nor foreign indigo.
" Second. That we will neither import nor purchase any
slave imported after the 1st day of December next; after
which time we will wholly discontinue the slave trade, and
will neither be concerned in it ourselves nor will we hire
our vessels, nor sell our commodities and manufactures to
those who are concerned in it."
With other resolutions and articles of a similar
character, showing the power of Congress, author-
ized by the people, to legislate and prescribe rules
for their government,it proceeded to recommend
and direct the organization of the colonial Legis-
latures and municipal authorities by which these
laws should be freely and effectually carried out;
and further to determine who were the friends of
American freedom, and who its enemies'. So did
the Congress of 1774 further declare:
"And we do furthei agree and resolve that we will have
no trade, commerce, dealings,or intercourse whatever with
any colony or province in North America which shall not
accede to, or which thai I hereafter violate this association,
but will hold them as unworthy of the rights of fieemen
and inimical to the liberties of this country."
I have been thus minute in regard to the origi-
nal organization of this country to show that its
fust powers were inherent in the people, and
that they spoke through their Congress, composed
of members chosen as we have been chosen, and
that that Congress, in reflecting the will of the
people by resolutions or acts, made a rule of con-
duct from which there was no appeal or no relief
except the people themselves. So you may trace
the acts and doings of the Congress of 1775, who,
feeling a consciousness of strength and unity
guarantied by the indorsement of their constitu-
ents,assumed thchighest functions ofsovereignty
over the colonics and their armies. And in their
address to the Army they said:
"Wo arc reduced to the alternative of choosing an un-
conditional submission to the tyianny of iriitated min-
isters or resistance by force. The latter is our choice.^
We have countcd the cost of this contest, and find nothing
so dreadful as voluntary slavety. Honor, justice, and hu-
manity i'oibid us tamely to surrender that freedom which
we leceived from our gallant ancestois, and which our in-
nocent posterity have a right to receivc from u«. We can-
not enduie the infamy and euilt of resigning succeeding
generations to that wietehedness which inevitably awaits
them if we basely entail hereditary bondage upon them.
Our pause is just. Our union is peifect. Our internal
rixouicpp are great." * * * " "In our
native land, m defense of the freedom that is oui bmh-
light, and which wo enjoyed till the late violation of it;
lor the protection of our property, acquired solely by the
honest industry of our forefathers and oui selves, against
violence actually offered, we have taken up amis. We
shall lay them down when hostilities shall eea«e on the
part of the aggressors and all dangers of their being renewed
shall be removed, and not betore."
With war upon them, and asolemn resolve never
to surrender, Congress proceeded to establish com-
munications by post routes with the colonies, and
to issue bi t Is of cred it for warexpenses,amounting
to near two million dollars, which was increased a
hundred fold afterwards from time to time. Thus
passed event after event, the Congress controlling
the destiny of citizen, colony, and Government,
in life, liberty, and property, unti! on the 4th of
