1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
Michigan insisting that the bill shall first be passed
or he will kill it; and we are all in favor of passing
the bill. I appeal to Senators whether, under the
circumstances, the best thing we can do is not to
adopt the resolution fixing the time of adjourn-
ment on Monday next, and then take up the bill
and pass it. 1 appeal to Senators not to let this
matter go over to Monday . On .Monday we may
pass it; but I hope we may do it to-night with-
out any feeling.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will ex-
plain what he meant by saying that I had antag-
onized the bill.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope he will not. Let
us have a vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I explained that
sufficiently.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sure I did not under-
stand the explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will answer the Senator
from Massachusetts that in my judgment his
course tended to defeat the bill now lying on the
table, although he no doubt is in favor of it and
is willing to vote for it. *
Mr. SUMNER. I have said nothing about it
except in favor of it,
Mr. IIARLAN. I wish to say to the Senator
from Ohio that I have said here that I was not
willing that any business should be done here to-
night. There is some business pending that I
can control. I have said to him that I felt it to
be my duty to do so. 1 meant it. I shall con-
trol it if 1 have the strength to hold out.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Your strength may give
way.
Mr. HARLAN. That may be so, but I am
not a very old man, and it never has given way
during a session of the Senate. If it does give
way I shall have discharged whatis my duty, and
that will be the end of it. So far as the other
Senators are concerned, I consider it a question
on their part of parliamentary form which busi-
ness shall be done first. I do not want either to
be done on the Sabbath day, unless there were a
great public necessity or some question pf hu-
manity demanding it. So fur as 1 have been in-
formed, there is no such necessity, there is no
such question of humanity. I believe that there
is a Supreme Beii% that rules the universe, and
that He has said to man to remember the Sab-
bath day to keep it holy; that six days he may
labor, and in those six days do all his work; that
he may not labor on the Sabbath day. I believe
this. I do not believe we can hope thatthe bless-
ing of that Supreme Ruler of the universe will rest
on the action of a deliberative body when they
are in the open and flagrant violation of one of
the very first laws of man's existence here on
earth. I do not regard this as a mere ecclesiasti-
cal law, but as a law that has its foundation in
man's physical, mental, and moral organization;
and especially at this time I think it would be fit
for the Senate of the United States to regard laws
of this kind. In my opinion a vast majority of
the people of this nation believe that the existence
of the present rebellion is ail infliction of the Al-
mighty ori this nation in consequence of its fla-
grant violations of His law; that it is a just pun-
ishment on this nation for its transgressions of
the lawsofa just Being. That being, in my opin-
ion, the conviction of a vast majority of this Chris-
tian people, I do not think it right for the Senate
of a Christian nation to sit on the Sabbath day
and openly violate those laws, as I have befoie
remarked, unless there was a-public necessity.
In making these remarks I do not intend to re-
flect oil any Senator who may differ with me in
opinion, 'there are those doubtless who take
different views of this subject from those that 1
have taken and attempted to present. Of course
they will act on their responsibility as Senators,
on their conscientious convictions of their duty
as such, and with their action I shall attempt to
be content.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Ohio
has deliveicd a lecture both on responsibility and
propriety, and 1 suppose that young men like the
Senator fiom Massachusetts and myself should
receive that lecture thankfully. He tells us that
weaasume a responsibility that is frightful. Very
well, sir; I have not asked that Senator to shaie
any responsibility with me. I gave fair notice
to that Senator and to the Senate that no ill-con-
sidered bill, no bill that had not been printed,
that had not been read, that was not understood,
should pass,this body to-night.without-an ob-
jection from me; nor shall it. I do not know a
single feature of that bill which he wants us to
pass. I propose to know what is in that bill
before it passes this body, if an objection from
me will enable me to ascertain that fact. I do
not know a single thing that is in that bill. I
was told a moment ago that there was a tax on
whisky in that bill. If there is, it would com-
mend the bill to me very largely; but since then
I have been informed there was not. I am told
since that that whisky tax was struck out in the
other House. By the way, that tax upon whis-
ky on hand is an immense affair. The Senator,
to be sure, has voted with me for that tax every
time, I believe, it has come before this body, but
it has failed. W^fchave been told here to-night
that there is a supply of whisky oh hand that
will last for thirty months, and that we shall not
receive one dollar of revenue from the whisky tax
for thirty months unless we tax the whisky on
hand.
Now, sir, I believe that ifthe House of Repre-
sentatives has ill-considered or has made a mis-
take on this point, the House will reconsider its
vote and will put on a tax such as the* neces-
sities of the country demand. That is my judg-
ment. At any rate, I ask no division of respons-
ibility with the Senator from Ohio or with any
other man. I say to that Senator that 1 delib-
erately stated that that bill should not pass to-night
if an objection from me would prevent it, nor
shall it; and I take the responsibility and go be-
fore my people on that responsibility, and I ask
no division of it.
Mr. President, I do not like to be lectured in
this way by the Senator from Ohio. He has no
right to hold me up as preventing legislation. I
have gone for this measure first and last and all
the time, and I have demanded that this measure
should pass before you fix your hour for adjourn-
ment. The Senator from Iowa has told you that
a single objection will prevent its passage. Have
you got the pledge of every man on this floor?
Mr. SHERMAN. Every man, I believe, is
pledged except the honorable Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. Nearly one half the mem-
bers of this body are away. Have you got their
pledges?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are not here.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are not here, and
you do not know that you can pass your bill
without them, and you are responsible if^ the
measure is defeated, and not me, for I have given
notice that it shall not pass unconsidered to-night,
and you have no assurance nor can you get an
assurance that it can pass on Monday before
twelve o'clock. Upon you and you alone rests
the responsibility of the defeat of that measure,
and not upon me. I take no iota of the responsi-
bility. It shall not pass to-night if I can help it.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the Senator per-
mit me to suggest to him that I think we can
reconcile the difficulties very readily? Let us pro-
ceed to adopt the resolution in regard to adjourn-
ment; the House of Representatives asks it of
us; and then if we fail to pass the other measure in
which the Senator is so deeply interested—though
I do not look upon it as a malter of any very
great importance—can we not reconsider our ac-
tion on the resolution to adjourn?
Mr. CHANDLER. What assurance have you
that you can? Will you vote for it?
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly. Unquestion-
ably I will vote for it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It requires the action of
the two Houses.
Mr. H ENDERSON. There is no Senator here
who will not vote for it to give Senators who de-
sire to pass the other measure an opportunity of
™!r,' CHANDLER. If every Senator here
votes for it, it does not repeal the resolution; it
is a joint lesolution requiring the acLion of both
Houses, and you propose to tie your hands so
that you cannot pass that or any other measure.
That is what you propose.
Mr. HENDERSON. TheSenatorloses sight
of the fact that the House of Representatives may
be just as patriotic as we. They have already
passed the measure, by what majority I do not
know, but surely the House will' not accept our
proposition here, they will notadjourn, they will
not pass the amended resolution that w.e pay
adopt and which we, are now considering, until
we have acted on, the other proposition. Th&
House certainly will be as patriotic as ourselves.
Mr. WILSON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to Meet to-morrow at half pasl
nine o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us. get the other vote
first. 4
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there any
objection to the consideration of themotion of the
Senator from Massachusetts?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object until we dispose
of what we are at.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot Be
received, then.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have a large amount
of executive business. Why should- we fix the
hour of adjournment at twelve _o'clock on Mon-
day when we know, there is hot a Senator on
this floor who does not know, that it will be ut-
terly impossible for us to transact the business
we have to transact by that time? Why not oc-
cupy one, two, three, four, five, or any number
of hours requisite to finish the business that the
country sent us here to do?
I hope this motion will not prevail. I believe
if the Senate was full it would not prevail. If the
hour could be fixed at twelve o'clock on Tuesday
or eight or nine o'clock on Monday; evening, so
as to give us time to finish our business, I cer-
tainly would raise no objection, but I know we
cannot accomplish our business Unless we sit here
all day to-morrow, and my friend from Iowa ob-
jects to Sunday sessions, but if we pass the reso-
lution we shall be compelled to sit here all day
to-morrow and all night to-morrow, and I object
to it in toto.
Mr. CONNESS. Would a motion be in order
now to proceed to the consideration of executive
business?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It would.
Mr. CONNESS. I make that motion and ask
the Senate to vote for it. Then we can meet early
on Monday morning.
The motion was rejected.
ThePRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the resolution as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Cowan, Davis,
Dooliltle, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Pomeroy, Powell, Richardson, Riddle, Sauls-
bury, Khprmfin, Sprague, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, and Van
YV inkle—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Chan'dler, Conness, Foster,
Harlan, MeDougall, Morgan, Morrill, Sumner, Wilkinson,
and Willey—11.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Collamer, Dixon, Fessen-
den, Foot, Grimes, Ilaie, Harding, Harris, Hiclcs, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, Nesmith, Kainsey, Wade, Wilson, and
Wright—IB.
So the resolution as amended was concurred in.
MESSAGE EROM -THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Llovd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
tho House of Representatives had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 406) supplementary to an act entitled "An
act to grant pensions," approved July 14, 1862.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of ihe
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 246) for the
relief of seamen and others, not officers, borne on
the books of vessels wrecked or lost in the naval
service.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 348) to provide for the supervision,
repair, liabilities, and completion of the Wash-
ington aqueduct.
The message further announced thatthe House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills of the House:
A bill (No. 303) to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and to provide for the payment
of certain demands for quartermaster's stores and
subsistence supplies furnished to'the Army of the
United States; and
A bill (No. 534) to authorise the Secretary of
the Navy to provide for the education of naval
constructors and steam engineers, and for other
purposes.
