3514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
The message further announced that the House
Of Representatives had passed a resolution to close
the present session of Congress by an adjourn-
mentof the two Houses on Monday, the 4th day of
July, at twelveo'elock m., in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of Horace
Gates; and
"A bill (H. R. No. 575) to correct a clerical error
in the law of June 30, 1864, relating to the Post
Office Department.
' BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message farther announced that the Pres-
ident of the United States had this day approved
and signed the following acts and joint resolu-
tions:
An act (H. R. No. 134) for the relief of Wil-
liam Sawyer and others, of the State of Ohio;
An act (H. R. No. 162) for the relief of Rich-
ard G. Murphy;
An net (H. R. No. 207) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865;
Ail act (H. R. No. 34G) for the relief of Dr.
Charles M. Wetherill;
An act (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of Martha
Jane Skaggs;
An act (H. R. No. 438) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes," approved July 1, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 460) for the relief of the es-
tate of Hon, John L. Robinson, late United States
marshal for the district of Indiana;
An act (E-I. R. No. 466) for the relief of the
widow ofC. A.Haun;
An act (H. R. No. 470) to authorize assimi-
lated rank to be given to warrant officers of the
United States Navy, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 483) granting lands to aid
in the instruction of a railroad and telegraph
line from Luke Superior to Puget sound on the
Pacific coast, by the northern route;
An act (H. R. No. 511) to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrilla-maiauders, and
for other purposes;
An act(H.R. No.527) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, and for
other purposes;
An act (H. R.No. 550) to establish Colfax street
in the city of Washington, District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 559) to quiet the titles to
lands within the Rancho Lagunade Santos Calle,
in the State of California;
An act (H.R.No.561) to authorize theUnitcd
States to acquire land in Wallahout bay, belong-
ing to the city of Brooklyn, and to authorize the
exchange of other lands therefor;
An act (H. R. No. 564) for the relief of Eliza
Cass Woodbndge;
An act (H. R. No. 569) for the relief of John
Williams;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 39) for the relief
of Alexander Cross;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 90) to refer the
claim of Nahum Ward back to the Court of
Claims;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 110) to settle and
pay the accounts of John S. Phelps, of Missouri,'
asamemberoftheThirty-Seventh Congress; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) authorizing
the -Secretary of the Navy to settle and pay the
claim of Anthony Sweeting, late pilot of the Uni-
ted States steamer Juniata.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will lay before the Senate a joint resolution from
the House of Representatives.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) imposing
a special income (luty was read the,first time by
its title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The second
rending of the joint resolution 
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it cannot be read the second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to'move to
postpone all other business and take up that joint
resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution is before the Senate, but no action can be
had on it until it lias been read the second time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will be the unfinished
business on Monday .morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it be to meet at nine o'clock on Mon-
day morning.
Mr. SUMNER. Does no|gthat require an al-
teration of the rule? The habit of the Senate
when it changes its hour of meeting from twelve
o'c^ck to eleven has always been to adopt a res-
olution which lies on the table a day or two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has been
the usual practice.
Mr. SUMNER. My impression is that the
rule requires our meeting to be at noon, and that
it cannot be at any other hour than at noon with-
out a change of the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
rule upon the subject; but the usual practice has
been to give notice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves that when the Senate adjourns
it be to meet on Monday at nine o'clock a. m.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF 26TII RULE.
Mr. POM ERO Y. I submit the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the 26th rule of the Senate bo amended
by inserting after the word " otherwise" the following:
"except on the last day of any session, when bills and joint
resolutions may receive their several readings by the vote
of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
The PUESIDEiNT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion \yiil lie over, objection being made.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagieeing votes
of the two Houses on the hill (H. R. No. 406) supplement-
ary to an act entitled "An act t(4grant pensions," ap-
proved July 14, lfc62, having met, after lull and tree con-
ference have agreed to recommend and do rccommcnd to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the Hou.se leeede fiom its disagreement to the first
amendment of the Senate,
That the Senate 1 erode from its second amendment
sulking out the ninth section of the bill, and agree to the
same with the following amendment, to wit: in line ten
of said section, alter the word " disabled" insert "in con-
sequence of wounds received m battle;" and the House
ague to the &atne as amended.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the third
amendment, and agree 10 the same with the following
amendments, to wit: after the wotds " definite period,"
In lint; twelve of said amendment, in>eit "next preceding
the soldier's enlistment." In line thirteen of &aid amend-
ment, after the words u credible witnesses," insert the
words " Provided, however, That such widows and chil-
dren are tree persons." Same line and section, after the
word " provided" insert "further;" and the Senate agree
to the bamc as. amended.
SOLOMON FOOT,
JAMES HARLAN,
I\ G. VAN WINKLE,
Managers on the part of the Seriate.
SIDNEY PERHAM.
E. R. ECKLEY,
M. F. ODELL,
Managers on the part oj the House*
EXECUTIVE SESSION. .
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after a few minutes spent therein the
doois were reopened,at ten minutes past three
o'clock, a. m., (Sunday, July 3,) and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, July 2, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
Journal of yesterday. After some progress the
further reading of the Journal was dispensed with.
APPLICATION FOR USB OF THIS HALL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from Thomas B. Florence, chairman
of a committee of arrangements, stating that citi-
zens, residents, and sojourners in the cities of
Washington and Georgetown and vicinity had
determined to celebrate the 4th of July in the
western grounds surrounding the Capitol under
the auspices of the National Democratic Associa-
tion, and soliciting the consent of the House of
Representatives to occupy the Hall of the House
in case the day should be intensely ligt or other-
wise inclement.
Mr. COX. I move that therequest begranted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there is a possibility that the House may be in
session.
Mr. COX. It is only in case the House be not
in session that the request is asked.
Mr. STEVENS. I think this whole thing is
very improper. I hope that the Senate will agree
to-day to adjourn on Monday at twelve o'clock.
But I think that this Hall should be reserved for
the discharge of the business incumbent upon us,
and that no further notice should be taken of this
very improper application.
Mr. COX. I will say to my friend from Penn-
sylvania that this very polite request is made
only in case the House shall not be in session on
Monday.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that it is quite
certain that the Senate will not be able to adjourn
until Monday. It would be therefore improper
to grant the request.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we cannot agree
to it.
Mr. COX. Tt is only on condition the House
will not be in session.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not think it
is a proper use to apply the Hall of this House
to. I am opposed to its being used for any such
purpose.
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Maryland
should have made his speech and given'his vote
when the Hall was used Tor other purposes.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. My speech! I
never made any in this Hall except on legislative
subjects.
Mr. COX. I did not mean that. I meant your
vote to allow this Hall to be used for other pur-
poses.  
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I never voted to
allow any one to use this Hall.
Mr. COX. 1 am glad to hear the' gentleman
say so, and to see that he does not agree with that
side of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table. •
The motion was agreed to.
PAY Of STAFF OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the House to pass a joint resolution amenda-
tory of the joint resolution of 20th May last, pro-
viding that staff officers on the staff of the Lieu-
tenant General shall be entitled to the same pay
and emoluments as staff officers of the same grade
on the staffs of corps commanders. It turns out
that there is one marl on the staff of the Lieutenant
General, Major Dent, who is a major in the regu-
lar service, but a major of infantry, and the Comp-
troller has decided that he does not come wiihin
the law. All the others get cavalry pay, while he
gets only infantry pay. I hold in my hand a joint
resolution to correct the error, and I ask the
House to pass it now.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
received its several readings, and was engrossed
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRADE WITH ltEBEL STATES.
Mr. FENTON, under the authority heretofore
granted to the Committee of Ways and Means
to report back at any time, reported from the said
committee bill of the Senate No. 232, in addition
to the several acts concerning commercial inter-
course between the loyal and insurrectionary
States, and to provide for the collection of cap-
tured and abandoned property,and the prevention
of frauds in States declared m insurrection.
Mr. FENTON. 1 desire to make a verbal cor-
rection or'amendment in lines four and five in the
