2538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
have no effect upon the voting population? 1
appeal to the men of theborder States, who have
witnessed the devastation which has Liken place
among them, to answer me whether it would not
have the m&st powerful effect in deterring men
from voting for the contestant, and in inducing
them to vote for the sitting member ?
But the point I make is not upon the count of
the votes. I will not stop to count for majori-
ties; I stop to count principles and sum up the
law against this election. I carc not how many
votes arc cast one way or the other. It Wa^luld
under a system which subverts all Government1?,
tears down all law. Sanction it you who will
and who dare, but, sir, I shall be no party to it;
I wash my hands of it.
I have done what I consider to be my duty—
my duty to the people who make tins Govern-
ment, Trust the people, is my. motto. Why not
trust them? Why thrust puvver between them
and the elective franchise? Give us free election
and all evils can be prevented orcuicd; strike that
down and the dny of evil has hut just commenced.
Mr. SMITH sought the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Goocn in
the chair.) By the order of the House the sit-
ting member will now close the debate. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky can address the House
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 move the gentleman be
allowed the time he asks.
Mr. DAWES. I did not understand that it
was directed by the House that there should bo
no other discussion, but only that after those who
desired to participate in the debate had done so,
then 
The SPEAKER pro temptfrc. The understand-
ing was that the gentleman from Indiana should
address the House^and that then the sitting mem-
ber should close the debate.
. Mr. DAWES. I did not so understand it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. How much time
does the gentleman want?
Mr. SMITH . Only twenty or thirty minutes.
The SPKAKKli pro trmporc. Is theie any ob-
ject inn ? The Chair hetus none. The gentleman
Will proceed.
Mr. fciVIJTIIKltS. I desuo fo j-efer tins ques-
tion entirely to the fining member. I desire that
his wishes Khali be taken in icgard to it. I pre-
sume it is not the purpose to lake a vote this
evening, and the ease will have to go over until
Monday, and my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Ykamax] could do no more than open his ease
to-night, and would have to pause in the midstof
his argument. If he does not consent to allow the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] to pro-
ceed, T object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The objection
comes too hue.
.Mr*. YEAMAN- I have not only consented
but have demanded that every gentleman who
wishes to debate the question should have the op-
portunity to do so.
Mr. WAHiinORNE,of Illinois. I would ask
the gentleman from Delaware if he (joshes to take
u vote upon this question this evening5
Mr. SIMITIJEUN. I pioposeto take the vote
as soon as the sitting member has closed his re-
nin rks.
Mr. WASHBURNK, of Illinois. The gentle-
man does notsurely propose to take the vote to-
night.
Mt. SMITIIERH. No, sir; certainly not.
Mr. SMITH. It is not my put pose to make a
speech on this occasion, nordo 1 intend to make
any remai kx except such as are dneedy connected
with thecal! under discussion. 1 do not expect
to vote upon this ease, simply fiom tiie fact that
1 was in Kentucky at t lie time the committee wete
examining into it., mei us.
Mr. HARDING. With the permission of my
colleague, i will move an adjournment.
Air. SMITH. If it is the wish of the IToo^e
1 wdl jie^d for that purpose. [Cries of " On
no,5' and "Go on."]
Air. HARDING. Well, I withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to say a few words m
regard to Iv-mucky, and to the orders which
have been .>< Jem d to, issued by miluury men in
Kentucky. It is known to ovorygentleman who
has rrad the history of this rein Ihon, in Kentucky
and all along ;ho bolder, that we who have been
thus situated haive, to a greater or less extent, been
imposed upon not only by home lebcls, but that
our teriitory has been invaded by rebels number-
ing from a hundied to fifty or sixty thousand.
In the inception of this great struggle of our
country, it was difficult for any man in Kentucky
to understand exactly the position the State would
take; and when the Legislature of 18G1 met, after
the action of a poition of the people througn their
Legislature which met before had been w* M un-
derstood, and gteat effoits had been made to call
a convention and take the State by force out of
the Union, that Legislature of I8G1 was called
upon to pass such laws as would more perfectly
identify her with the .Government. The Legis-
lature was called upon to pass such laws, notonly
forever fixing Kentucky m the Union, but that it
should provide a foice in Kentucky which could
repel any force from the South which should wan-
tonly invade her territory.
This Legislature passed an act which I will ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
An act to amend chapter fifteen of the Revised Statutes,
entitled " Ciuztuie, K\pamation, and Aliens.">
RfiC. 1. Tie ii enacted by the (Sencral Assembly of the Com-
monwealth of ICcntuehj, That any euizen of tliif State who
fli.ilt etue into the .service of the so-called conledejare State4
in either a civil oi inilmny eapaeitj, or into the «?ei vice of
the so-called piovisional uoveunnent of KentucJcy m either
a civil or irnhtaiy capacity, oi, having hetetofe/ic enieied
Mich sei vie; oi «Mlhi'i the con fed nate Si.Hi or pioviMonal
government, >liall eoiitnnit! in such t.civice after tills aet
take.s cflecl, or shall uUeup or continue in arms against
tin* imlnaiy (oiecaof the United Stales oi the Mute oi Ken-
tucky, ni «diall give voluuiaiy aid and assistance to tbo-^e
in aims again- t said foice--, j-hall he deemed to have expa-
triated hmiscli. and shall no longer be a citi/.en of Ken-
tiK'ky, noi fdull he again be a cin^'ii, except hy pci mission
of the LegiMatuie, by a guieiul oi special feature.
Sko. That Wlienevi i ,i person attempts oi iscallod on
(o exerew any of the c*orr^iun(ional or legal tights and pi iv-
iteges beiongum only to cmztns oi Kentucky, ho mav bo
H-quired to negative on oath the expatriation piovided m
the tiisi. ection of tin.- aet, and upon his failure <>i icfusil
lo do fo 'hall not be pcunilied lo i \rn i-e any s-ufh nglit
or privilege.
Mr. SMITH Mr. Spenker, in WA, I behove
it was, that act w as pns.e'd by our Legislature, and
it was passed because it was (hen supposed that
theie weiefiom tell to tiflecn thousand IDI'II flun)
Kentucky who had joined the lebelium. In the
fall of that year the Stale of Kentucky was in-
vaded by ZolhcoiTcr, hy Ihicknei, and by folk,
m ihree different dnections; and the men of Ken-
tucky came from cveiy direction lo oppose these
men who had boldly joined the rebel service.
ThesH men left behind them their friends, who
gnvc cveryaid and comfort to the icbels inarms.
The .Slate of Kentucky thought it necessary for
its own defense thai, these men should no longer
be recognised as cilizt ns; they belle \ ed that if our
arms should be successful a larco number of these
men would leturn to their homes and claim the
lights of citizenship.
Now, n« to this uuliUu y call, in view of the cir-
cumstances, there was not a Union man in Ken-
tucky who did not indorse it. Theie was not a
Union m.m in the Common wealth of Kentucky
who did not believe that that was just and a mat-
ter of duty. In the ejections held after it became
a law none but unconditionally loyal men we:e
elected. At least it wes supposed so. 1 irmetn-
ber very wt 11 that in the election in 1862 the then
commanding officer in the Commonwealth of Ken-
tucky, Gcncial Doyle, issued an order prohibit-
ing (.-very disloyal man ftom noting. And wiiy
did lie do this? Hecause disloyal men, men who
had been disposed to light against their State and
nation, had the bra/eu impudence to come and
oiler themselves to vote, so that they might con-
trol the offices of the State. This order, however,
had (he eifect of having Union men elected, and
of repelling rebels and rebel sympathizers.
In 18(>3 theie was another election. The whole
►State of Kentucky had been under rebel rule
j nor to thnt time; liragg and Smith had occupied
j ihe t nine State.
j Tin' battles of Richmond and Pcrryville, and
! otln r small engagements, from one mid of the
! Commonwealth to the other, had been fought.
! How was the Union sentiment or the rebel sen-
- tuncut in Kentucky to be discoveied' When
| the^e two great ieh< larmies came in underBiagg
! som! under Smith, Union imoji all over the Slate
i lb".} fjom i;, especially iliosj who had any promi-
1 nence. The ubi I symi aihi/.ei« teuiauied at home;
. iecei\"d the lebcls with open ai ms, aiid *vavcd
rebel flags from the windows of their houses.
Were the eyes and*etna of Union men closed to
these demonstrations ? Did not those who had
to flee from the State feel the position in which
they vveio placed? They did; and what v/as their
course when they came back ? Conventions were
held. The nominations weie made. The Gov-
ernor, the Lieutenant Governor, the members of
the Legislature and of Congress were all elected
under oiders issued in consequence of that affair.
The foimer Governor (Magoffin) having been
requested to resign on account of his disloyalty,
his successor, who was clccted by the Senate,
(Governor Robinson,) issued, just prior to the
election in 18fi3, a proclamation winch I will
read lo the House:
Proclamation by the Governor.
Commonwealth of Kkntucky,
j J M.C UT1V F JDci'A R r M K NT.
For the information and guidance of all ofiieeis at the np-
ptoaclnn^olcetioa. J have c.uimiI to beheiewuh jmbh'.hed
an act ol the Lcjrislatuic of lOmneky entitled " An act to
amend chapter fifteen of the Revised kJtatuteSj entitled
' (JuiKcns, expatriation, and aliens.'
Tho sjtuct <'bsftvance and enlorccmeiif of ibis? and all
otiici laws of this Wtate regulating elections aic eatni'bllv
enjoined and icquinid, as hem? <diko tine to a laithlnl (lis
cbargo ot' duty, to the purity ol the cieenve fr.5aeln>e. and
to the soveiei^n will ol the people ol Kentucky e.rpn'sjied
tlnouijh thon Lc^isl.iture.
Given tinder niyliaiida-Govcjnot ol Kentucky, at Kiauk-
fort, tln« 10th day of July, 1863,and in the -*e\ - nt\->',oond
veai ol the CommonwealUi. J. F. IlOiilNSOX.
J)y the Goveinoj:
J") (\ WicKr.iFrr, Scctefuryof ISlute.
Following up that proclamation, Gcnei ai Darn-
side, on the 31st of July, issued his order. Was
it true or not that i±t that tune Kentucky was to
be or had been invaded? John IJ. Motgan with
thiee or four thousand men had been in the State
for .some time and bad traversed-it fiom one end
to the. other, lie had crossed over to Indiana,
and was on that grand raid which tci niinetcd in
tin; raptuie of himself and hu men. Not only
^/as John AJorgan on that expedition, but it was
undcistood by (he mihtaiy anihoiiues that he
waa but a fort runner of Gi n< ml ih aggt oinl th.it
he had ben sent to aUtaei attention till Ihugg
could move with ins force and occupy such poi-
tion of Kentucky as lie thought propei. [>rugg
was foiled by llosecians. lie sent out Colonel
.Scott with iifteenjmndred or two thousand men,
who wete di iTen into the district of my colleague,
[Air. Waijswoiitu,] and fiom that into the dis-
trict of my colleague, [Mr. Randall.} Ho was
in a portion of the State until after the election.
General Saundcis, who fell at Knoxwlle, under
oiders from General Burnside, met him first at
Richmond in the central portioo of tho State, and
dnn e hiin to Pai is, Mr. Ci ay \ disti icr, ond ihen
with fighting more oi less for ten daysdtovc him
out.
Was theie then, in view of (T?--sr facts, any au-
thority for til is military older r Was not, tlie Statu
oveirun,fiom one exuemity to theother, by reb-
els undci Aloigan, killing our men, burning our
.stores, wasting our pi open ty, stealing oui hoi ses,
and laying waste our lands? And jet ihcvweic
received with jov and giatification by the nym-
pathizers with these devils and fiends incarnate.
W as there no authority on the part of tho com-
mander-in-chief to say that thcse-sympatlnz'-rs
and aideisand abettors in treason should not vole,
and should, take no pait or parcel in the Slate
organization and State election?
Sir, as a loyal man, 1 say it was right; as n loyal
man, 1 nidutse it-, as a loyal man, 1 approve of
what General Burnsidc did; as a loyal man 1 sa^
he would have been recreant to his duty as a pa-
ttjot, that he would have betrayed lus duty as a
general had ho not done it.
Now, sir, if there had been no war, if thcrcJiad
been no msasion of the Common wealth of Ken-
tucky, if there had been peace all over the land,
there would have been no ouleis. "Who made
the war? Who made such an oider for Kentucky
necessary? It was the trniiois of Kentucky in
conjunction with the tiaitors of the South, i tell
you it was l ight lie should issue the oi der, and it
was 1 ight to execute it in the seemid disuietof
Kentucky. What its effect may have been m
the sccond district of Kentucky 1 know not, for,
as I said,J have not gone into an examination of
the facts of this case, and i would not have trou-
bled this House at all if these swt cpmg assertions
had not been made affecting the elections m tiio
entire Commonwealth oi Kentucky.
