THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
«&etUo« ii shaH be the duty of the President of the United
States to cause the seizure of alt the estate and property,
money, stocks;, credits, and effects of the persons herein-
after named in this section, arid to apply and use the same
and the proceeds thereof for the support of the Army of the
United States, that is to say,
" First. Of any person hereafter acting as an officer of the
$rmy or navy of the rebels in arms against the Govern-
ment of the United States.
<{ Second. Of any person hereafter acting as president,
vice president, member of congress, judge of any court, cab-
inet officer, foreign minister, commissioner or consul ot the
so-callcd confederate States of America.
"Third. Of any person acting as a governor of a State,
member of a convention or legislature, or judg^of any court
of any of the so-called confederate States of America.
li Fourth. Of any person who, having held an otficeof
bqnor, trust, or profit in the United States, shall hereafter
fc'crttf an office In the sn-called confederate States of Amer-
ica."
Now-, sir, the sixth section directs that a public
Warning shall be given to all these people if they
would lay down their arms and come back to
their allegiance, then the law was of no avail,
inoperative. But notwithstanding1 that warning
and counsel and advice they persisted in their
course of rebellion, defiance, and war.
The joint resolution of July 27, 1862, reads as
follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United htatefof Jlmcuca in Congress assembled, Thatthe
provisions of the third clause of the fifth section of an c Act
to suppress insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion,
to seize and confiscate the property ot rebels, and for other
purposes,'shall be  o construed as not to apply to any act
or acts done prior to the passage thereof; nor to include any
member of a State legislature, or judge of any State court,
who has not, in accepting or e'ntenngupon his office, taken
aij oath to support the constitution ot thec so-called confed-
erate States of America;' nor shall any punishment oi pro-
ceedings under said act be so construed as to work a for-
feiture of the real estate of the offender beyond his natural
life."
Where is the necessity of this resolution ? The
act in all of its sections begins by declaring " that
fbr all crimes, misdemeanors, &c., hereafter11 com-
mitted, the punishments and penalties therein
mentioned shall be inflicted. There is no ex post
facto law nor any bill of attainder passed by Con-
gress in this act of 186^. If any claim that the
act of the last Congress providing for the confis-
cation of the property of rebels is either ex post
facto or a bill of attainder i will be under lasting
obligation to him if he will produce a command-
ing authority for such assertion, either pagan or
Christian. Sir, where is there attainder m this
bill working corruption of blood at all? Black-
stone says, 4 Com., page 388^
"Another immediate consequence of attainder Is the coi-
ruplion of blood, both upward and downward so that an
attainted person can neither inhent land-* or other heredit-
aments from hi-* uncestois, noi retain those he is already
in possession oi, nor tiauMiut them by descent to any hen,
but the same shall escheat to the lord of the fee, subject to
the king's superioi ijght of forfeiture. And the pen-on at-
tainted bhul! also obstiuct all descent* to hit- posterity when-
ever they aie obliged to derive a title through him lo a re-
mote ancestor."
Where is there corruption of blood upward and
downward in this bill whereby the son, or the
grandson, or a collateral hen' shall be deprived of
any estate, real or personal? There is none; the
case is not mentioned. Tlie action of the law is
upon the person himself, the man who has com-
mitted treason, who is livingand in possession of
property; and I believe there is a maxim of law—
and if I am mistaken i hope some gentleman will
correct me—that no one can be heir to the living.
Now, then, we only propose to deal with tlie liv-
ing, acting rebel: punish him, to take his life if
needs be, his property of every description, and
declare to the world and all future generations that
this punishment wnsbecausehewasatraitor. What
declaration has been made in this bill by its fiiends
or anywhere else that innocent children and wo-
men are made to suffer? I declair, sir, that i can
see no legislation as to the estates of children or
innocent people. The law declares precisely the
opposite,that it is the guilty, thecriminal against
whom it shall work. There are some gentlemen
on this floor who are so tenacious of being recog-
nized as Union men, devoted to the Union and its
cause, that no day scarcely passes by without
some protestation of Unionism, indeed, sir, some
are so fearful of being called or considered sym-
pathizers of this hellish rebellion that they will
not recognize the living, old or young, south of
Mason and Dixon's line, but belch forth strong
and unmistakable manifestations of love and af-
fection for the unborn children of traitors, and de-
clare that the action of Congress in this case would
be monstrous, cruel, wicked,-and inhuman upon
the "poor little child that some unborn child is to be-
get by some other child yet unborn, at some future
period of the world. Sir, is not such attempted
reasoning wonderful? What is its object if it is
not to stir up and keep alive party envy and strife
to the prejudice of the country and the interest of
the rebellion?
The repeal of this resolution is said to be mon-
strous and desperately wicked, and that by such
legislation we are but increasing the rebel hatred
toward us and making the breach wider and wider;
that it is a persecution inhuman in its nature, un-
heard of, and condemned by the civilized world.
Indeed, sir, I have been surprised at the xittcr-
ances of gentlemen on this floor; the tenor of their
speeches and the sympathies of their hearts it
seems run alone toward the rebels in arms. The
unfortunate and miserable condition of these men
is beautifully and eloquently portrayed by their
friends on this floor, the orphan and widow of the
traitor calls forth their tears and their wailings,
but the Government of their fathers, the trampled
Constitution of their country, the weeping of the
orphan, and wailings of the widow of their own
homes and defenders find no sympathy, no cheer-
ing word, no solace in those cold and heartless
souls of theirs. They find and offer excuses and
apologies and reasons for the rebels, and nothing
butabuses, denunciations, and crime for the Gov-
ernment. And with all this before the country
the effort is made to soft-snwderthe people by say-
ing they will support the Governmentand the war
by voting men and money to fight the battles of
the country in a conservative and constitutional
manner, i desire above all things to see a soldier
who has fought a conservative fight, a general who
has led a conservative charge, and gained a con-
servative battle, ora commander who would carry
on a conservative war. Sir, it cannot be done;
in war you must have audacity, your Army must
have audacity, your leaders, your President, and
yQur legislators must have audacity, and without
it you fail.
In war times like these many innocent persons
suffer; the law works hard upon them, it is to be
regretted, deeply deplored; but the life of the na-
tion is at stake; the lives, liberty, and property
of thirty million people are jeopardized. Shall
we risk all for a few conspirators and rebels whose'
purpose it is to destroy and kill? No, sir. We
dare not sit quietly by and see our people overrun
and trampled in the dust when it can be avoided
by prompt and proper legislation. The oft-re-
peated story that we must reconcile this people
by moderate and humane legislation (moderate
and humane fighting, too, it would he well to add)
is but idle and lidiculous. That has been tried,
and failed. We pleaded and coaxal and begged,
but availed not. We held out the olive-bianch
of peace for months; instead of accepting it
they scorned it ami fired at your flag. We have
been more or less since this war began pandering
to the South, trying to coax her back into the
Union; but she has only answered by insult and
taunt and injury. Let us stop this whininw,
childish play, and whip her back. Crush this
wicked and hellish rebellion; annihilate, if needs
be, this people who have sought and now seek to
break up the Union, usurping power by infamy,
peijury,and crime; who have trampled the Con-
xtituiion under their feet; who have by marauding
bands invaded your beautiful fields, robbed you
of your public revenues and private property, de-
stroyed your public records, burnt your houses
and your towns, carried away your non-combat-
ant citizens into long and loathsome imprison-
ments, where many still languish; murdered many
of them, sometimes in their own homes and the
j! presence of their families, and sometimes by cruel
and infamous deaths, extending their atrocities
even to women and children, thus setting at defi-
ance all laws of civilized warfare. Let us never
cease our efforts for our own protection and the
infliction of condign punishment upon the authors
of these wrongs and the overthrow of the rebel
confederacy.
Sir, I charge any man,and all men, whetherin
office or out of office, here or elsewhere, who re-
fuse to support their Government and fellow-citi-
zens against such unprovoked wrongs and cru-
elties, or profess to sympathize with such enemies,
as false to their allegiance, to friends, neighbors,
State, and nation, Mr. Speaker, I charge them
not only With being false to neighbors, State, and
nation, but false to that glorious and grand band
of soldiers composing the armies of the Union to-
day—those men who have breasted the storm,
thrown themselves in the breach, and maintained
the integrity of the Republic and the honor of the
Government from the beginning of the war to the
pre&ntmoment. Go with me to-day if you please,
dark, gloomy, and dismal as it is, to the tented
fields-of the Rappahannock, of Chattanooga, and
of Charleston, and behold a spectacle such as the
eye of man never rested on before: five hundied
thousand American freemen standing as a mighty
wall between loyalty and treason, free govern-
ment and despotism, liberty and slavery. They
were once the happy occupants of pleasant homes
and full well appreciated the endearments of fam-
ily,kindred,and neighbor; but when they discov-
ered this foul and wicked conspiracy against their
Government, their homes, family, and friends,
they paused not, nor did they falter, but, like men,
patriots, and philanthropists, rushed forward to
stay the tide of desolation, misery, and woe, wan-
tonly to be inflicted upon their happy country.
Their bosoms swelled with as much affection for
mother, wife,and children as ours, and terrible was
the sorrow and grief when all was left behind; but
they saw that glorious tree of libei ty under whose
benign shades they had rested, prospered, and
grown strong, beingbelted around by treacherous
and wicked hands, and, bidding adieu to mother,
farewell to wife and children, breathing a silent
but earnest prayer for God's protection and bless-
ing to them, they threw themselves into the
mighty conflict and stayed the murderous hand.
Almost three years have they stood between us
and danger, and there they are to-day, noble, gal-
lant, and brave, immovable, undaunted, uncon-
querable.
Sir, to my mind the proudestandsublimest evi-
dence of patriotism >s to be found in the brave
sentinel with knapsack on Iiis back, musket on
his shoulder, pacing back and forth his narrow
round in sunshine and in rain, in tempest and in
calms, in winter and in summer, watching the
stealthy approach of a desperate enemy. No
condition of climate, no hardships, no depriva-
tions, no abuses, swerve him from his line of
duty,love and defense of country. Sir, he stands
there in the front, the proudest, loftiest, and grand- 0
est monument of patriotism and glory. Godbless
the piivate soldiery and the Army of the Union, and
accursed be the tongue that would defame them,
or the man that would not support them.
Sir, your sentinels have been shot and killed
while upon the watchtowers of the country; your
Army has been sometimes almost depleted, and the
three hundied thousand new graves that dot the
land all over but too sadly tell the story ofyesterday
and to-day; the homeless, friendless, and landless,
together with the weeping and the mourning ev-
erywhere, but too plainly tell us of the hour; but
the unerring finger of truth and justice points us
to the cause, and humanity, honor, Christianity,
liberty, and God call fbr redress and the inflic-
tion of punishment, just punishment on those who
have done all this. The widow and orphans of
the dead patriot of Gettysburg ask at your hands
food and raiment. Make the rebels pay it. The
armless, legless, eyeless soldier demands of you
support for the future. Get it from the rebels.
They caused the war; they undertook to resist
and overthrow the very best Government known
on earth, and elected the sword as arbiter. Then
let them die by the sword.
Mr. ROLLINS, of New Hampshire, (inter-
rupting.) I hold in my hand a letter written at
the Clarendon Hotel, dated January 6, 1860, ad-
dressed by Franklin Pierce to Jefferson Davis, in
which I find these words:
v* Without discussing the question of light, of abstract
power to recede, I have never believed that absolute d^iup-
ttonof the Union can occin Without blood; and it, tluough
the madness of northern abolition Nm f liar dire calamity must
conic, the fighting will not be along Ma$on and Dixon's
line nieitih. It will be within our own botdeis, m our
own streets, between the two elates of cmzuis to whom I
have icfened. Those who defy law and <cout constitu-
tional obligations will, if we ever reach the aibitramentof
aims, find occupation enough at home."
It is frequently stated by gentlemen upon the
other side of the House that the abolitionists
caused the war. Now I wish to ask the gentle-
man fiom Kentucky if in his judgment that class
of politicians in the North represented by such
