1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sir
men as Vallandigham of Ohio, Seymour of New !
York, and ex-President Pierce of New Hamp- ;
shire, entertaining; and proclaiming such senti-
ments as those 1 have just read, have not done
infinitely more to stimulate and encourage the
rebels to take up arms against th&Government of
the United States and prolong tne war than all
the speeches and efforts of all the abolitionists
combined?
Mr. COX. Ifit be in order, I object to thegen-
tleman bringing1 in the New Hampshire election
on a question of this kind. Besides, he distorts
the intention of that letter. Unless I am allowed
to reply, I object to the interruption.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, in answer to the
fentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Rollins,]
say emphatically yes; and in reply to the ob-
jection of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] I
say let the letter of the ex-President speak for
itself. Thisisnota war between abolitionists and
pro-slavery men, but a war between loyal men
and traitors; a war resulting from a deep-laid con-
spiracy many years ago on the part of bad, am-
bitious, and despotic men of the South. And when
they began it they hoped, doubtless from, pledges
made, that they would have aid in the North.
They confidently expected a million of men from
the fiee States to join in their unholy crusade
against the Government, and it is too true they
had their aiders, abettors, and comforters in the
North, and to-day every word spoken, every sen-
timent uttered, every sympathy expressed in the
North in favor of the rebels but hinders the Gov-
ernment and strengthens the rebellion; and he who
does thus speak or feel finds no friends among the
loyal men of Kentucky, for we hate the rebels
South and despise the rebels North; and I declare
from my place here, for myself and forthem,that
whether the leaders and conspirators of this great
crimc be southerners or northerners, in the South
or in the North, they deserve death, and should
be hung summarily as a terror to those who shall
live afterus.
It must in justice, however, be said that the
great mass of the rebel army, those who carry
the musket, handle the artillery, and wield the
sword, are the poor men of the South, and are
compelled to follow the commands oftheir leaders.
For these I have a due regard and would show
proper consideration; but for the wily, ambi-
tious,and wealthy traitor I can make no excuse,
offer no apology; he must meet his fate. I have
none for Davis, uorToombs, nor Mason, nor Sii-
dell, nor Breckinridge, nor any of that class of
men.
If the soldier is considered as an accessory to
this crime of treason it would be well to favor-
ably consider his acquittal and hold the princi-
pal responsible in life, property, and liberty.
This Government must so act and this Congress
must pass such laws that the punishment of
treason will be so severe, so teirific, so alarming
that no future generations wili undertake it. De-
cide that question now: let us come up to the woik
like men; letusnot shift the responsibility on our
children or our children's children. Let us be
faithful to our trust; let us not indulge in crimin-
ation and recrimination; let us not find abuses and
condemnations for those who are in authority and
are using all their efforts to put down this rebel-
lion. , . , , .
I have no charge to make against this Admin-
istration, no wordsof condemnation. The Pres-
ident is there as the Chief Executive of the nation,
not by my vote, yet by a majority vote of the
people of the United States. He therefore is
their President and my President, and it is then-
duty and my duty to stand by him, uphold him,
and encourage him during his term of office, if
he has exercised extraordinary powers it was
alone because of the rebellion; if lives and prop-
erty have been taken it is because of the rebel-
lion; if the great institution of slavery has been
irrecoverably crippled or destroyed the lebelhon
was the cause; if five hundred thousand graves
have been filled in the last two years the rebellion
was the cause; if the whole country has been
ilraned in mourning it was because of the rebel-
lion; if, sir, we cannot legislate here to-day in
harmony the rebellion is the cause. The rebel-
lion then being the cause of all our troubles, our
misery, our woe, our mourning, our heavy taxes,
our war, and our battles, we should do all in our
power to destroy it and restore to our whole land,
from Maine to Florida, from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, peace and quiet, happiness and prosper-
ity, with one Constitution, one Government, and
one flag.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Speaker, I had supposed
until yesterday afternoon, from what I could learn
m regard to this discussion, that it was to be con-
siderably prolonged, and that I would-not have
an opportunity to speak to the question for some
days to come. I mention this, as the debate is
now to close, in order to account for any want
of arrangement in the remarks which I am thus
hastily called upon to make.
I do not propose to discuss the constitutional
limitation on the power of Congress to punish
the crime of treason. Thatquesfion has been ex-
hausted by the very able arguments of my col-
league from New York, [Mr. Kernan,] which
he presented yesterday. But there are other
views of the subject of a more general character
to which I shall ask the attention of the House
during the limited time allowed to me.
From the leading position occupied by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who
addressed the House at an early period of the de-
bate, we are fairly authorized to look upon his
views as those upon which the friends of the Ad-
ministration rely in support of the pending prop-
osition. His argument seemed to me to be one
of an extraordinary character, which, had it come
from the Democratic side of the House, would
have been received by the other side with strong
marks of disapproval. He admitted the doctrine
of secession, practically, to such an extent that 1
do not see how this House can escape its acknowl-
edgment, if, after the enunciation of such views,
they adopt the joint resolution now before us.
The gentleman from Pennsylvaniaassumed two
positions which 1 will notice. The fiist was, that
the confederate States having renounced their alle-
giance to the Union, and organized a distinct and
hostile government, have, by force of arms, risen
from the condition of insurgents to that of an in-
dependent Power de facto, and having been ac-
knowledged as belligerents bothbyforeign nations
and our own Government, the Constitution and
laws of the United Slates are abrogated as far as
they are concerned, and that as between the two
belligerents, they are under the laws of warand the
law of nations alone; and that whichever Power
conquers may treat the vanquished as conquered
provinces, and may impose upon them such con-
ditions and laws as it may deem best.
This position, it will be seen, clearly asserts the
South to bo a distinct and independent nationality,
and whichever party is the victor in the struggle
may, under the law of nations, impose such terms
on the other as it deems proper. It is a clear and
distinct recognition of the doctrine of secession;
for it admits that the momenta rebellion passes
the line of an insurrection and the lebels renounce
| theii formeralh'giance, as soon as it assumes form
; and substance sufficient to oiganize, equip, and
maintain an army in its support, the rebels become
an independent nationality, entitled to all the rights
conceded to an established Government. And the
gentleman asks:
" What, then, is the effect of this public war between
these belligerents, these foreign nations ? Before this war
the partie.-, weie bound together by a comp.ict, by a treaty
called a ' Constitution ' They acknowledged tlx3 validity
of municipal laws mutually binding on each. This war has
cut asunder all these ligaments, abiogated all these obliga-
tions.''
This is not the view taken by the northern mind
of this subject. Nor is it that under which the
i Administration has acted. If sound, we arc then
I waging an unjustifiable and causeless war, which
! should beended at once. I had supposed we were
■ engaged in a struggle to enforce respect to our
i Constitution and laws, but if the gentleman from
i Pennsylvania be correct we are waging a war of
1 subjugation and conquest. He standson the same
: ground in this resftectas thegentleman from New
, York, [Mr. Fernando Wood.]
' I hold, on the other hand, that in virtue of the
j' " Constitution," to which the gentleman lias ie-
im ferred, the acts of legislation by which the south*
[j em States attempted to throw off their allegiance
j> and to create a new nationality were utterly void;
j, that those States still belong to the Union, and
! are still subject to our Constitution and laws;
j that although as far as foreign nations are con-
i cerned the rebellion may have reached a condition
i to justify them in calling it a civil war, so far as
our Government is concerned it is a rebellion,«ut
nothing more.
If this be not so, and the war be continued in
the spirit in which it has been conducted thus fatf,
involving a destruction of property and a loss of
lite such as has not been witnessed in modern
days, we must soon expect that the Christian
Powers of the world will interfere to arrest its
course. The right so to interfere has thus far been
stoutly denied by this Government,but if the doc-
trine now contended for be sound, and be ap-
proved by the vote of this Congress, that inter-
ference may soon come.
But I must pass on to the other position of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to which I intend
to refer. He says:
" No one acquainted with the magnitude of this contest
can deny to it ihe character of a civil war. For nearly, three
years the confederate States have maintained their decla-
ration of independence by force of arms. True, they have
met with sad defeat*, liut success has not been all on on.e
side. But what renders their position beyond controversy
is, the great Powers of Europe have acknowledged them as
belhgeients, entitled from forejgu nations to equal rights
with the parent Government. What is still more conclu-
sive, we have acknowledged them as belligerents ourselves.
With unfoi innate haute we blockaded their ports. A blockade
is declared only against a foreigu nation. If they were still
members of the Union we should repeal the laws granting
poitsof entry. A nation does not blockade Itself. We
have treated their captive f>o!diers as prisoners of war, not
as rebels; we have exchanged prisoners; we have sent ftnd
received flags of truce. This is not the usage awarded to
an unorganized banditti."
The first position is, in substance, that the reb-
els by their own acts made themselves a separate
nationality; the second is, that by blockading
their ports and in minor ways we have acknowl-
edged that nationality.
Now, it seems to me that there is a principle
lying behind this which has been overlooked. It
is that every Government, every State, has the
right within its own limits to enforce respect to
its own laws in its own way. A police officer
with a few of his men puts down a street dis-
turbance; a sheriff goes out with proper assist-
ance to arrest persons engaged in resisting the
service of process, and if need be calls a military
force to his aid; and the State to put down a re-
bellion uses not only the civil powers it can com-
mand, but its armies and navies if need be. Nor
is it a violation of treaty arrangements with for-
eign Powers which permits them to trade at our
ports if we find it necessary to close those ports
m order to suppress an outbreak against the laws.
The right to compel respect to them in such way
as any Government may find to be necessary
lies behind all treaty obligations, and is a power
which cannot from its very nature be granted
away or extinguished.
That the President looked at the matter in this
light when he issued his proclamation of block-
ade on the 19th of April, 1861, is clear from the
language of the instrument. He recites the ex-
istence of the insurrection and the determination
of the Government to repress it, and declares that
with the view of aiding in this object and in the
protection of the public peacc a blockade of the
ports in the rebel Slates is established.
No southern nationality is recognized by this
instrument; its objects and its language are ut-
terly inconsistent with such an idea. No foreign
nation could possibly have been misled by it.
But to show even more conclusively the Presi-
dent's view, he declares in the last paragraph of
the proclamation thatifany person under the pre-
tended authority of the States in rebellion should
molest a vessel of the United States, or the per-
sons or cargo on board of her, such person would
be held amenable to the laws of the United States
for the prevention and punishment of piracy. Sure-
ly this is not the language of one belligerent to
another. It is that of the supreme power of the
State to its own people.
But if I am wrong in this, then it follows as a
logical result from the premises laid down by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that the President,
by what the gentleman calls his " unfortunate
haste"in instituting the blockade, and thus,as it
is claimed, conferring belligerent rights on the con-
federates, and acknowledging their existence as a
nation, dissolved the Union. If such be the re-
sult of the President's acts, then there certainly
was an " unfortunate haste" in it, a haste which
cannot be too much deplored.
The war power of tlie President has been al-
luded to in this discussion, and one gentleman, a
