1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1563
Severn river in Maryland, was transferred to the
Navy Department, and the midshipmen then afloat
were ordeied there for instruction. There has
never been any act of Congress positively estab-
lishing a naval academy, but there have been nu-
merous acts recognizing its existence, at the place
I have mentioned.
The ground upon which Fort Severn was
ercctcd was purchased by theGovemmentin 1808,
and the fortifications were built under the direc-
tion of the present General J. G.Totten, the first
labor, I believe, of that eminent officerand faith-
ful public servant. The original site included
only seven acres. Since it was transferred to the
Navy Department by purchases made in pursu-
ance of the acts of Match 3, 1848, and March 3,
1852, the grounds have been enlarged to forty-
seven and a half acres, furnishing ample parade
and exercise grounds of every description re-
quired, the whole surrounded by a high brick
"Wall. A more favorable position could not be
found for a naval academy and more satisfactory
accommodations for the students could not be de-
vised than existed at Annapolis at the breaking
out of this rebellion. Its immediate proximity to
Chesapeake bay, the quiet retirement of the city
in which it was established, the salubrity of the
climate, and the length of the seasons in which
out-door military exeicise could be indulged, all
tended to make Annapolis, in my opinion, a better
place for the concentration of youths for nautical
combined with general instruction than anyplace
within my knowledge m the whole country.
More than half a million dollars have been ex-
pended m the erection of an observatory, dormi-
tories, recitation halls, mess and library halls,
officers' houses, hospital, &<\,&c., and the entire
expenditure in buildings, in the purchase and dec-
oration of grounds, &c., exceeds eight hundred
thousand dollars.
1 think I hazard nothing in saying that no in-
stitution for pt ofessional training was anywhere
ever conducted with more eminent success than
was the Naval Academy at Annapolis. It realized
all of the expectations of its founders and furnished
to the country the most accomplished naval offi-
cers to be found in any navy, the benefit of whose
services the nation is now enjoying.
The Academy was in the full tide of successful
operation when the present rebellion broke out.
When the way to the capital from the northern
cities was interrupted by the Baltimore riots in
1861, General Butler proceeded with his command
to Annapolis, took possession of the Academy
grounds and buildings, and the institution was
turned adrift. Prom that time to this the Acad-
emy property has been held by the Army, first
as a military depot and latterly as a military hos-
pital, for which purpose it is no longer necessary
to the Government.
It is unnecessary for me to take up the time of
the Senate in detailing any of the facts in connec-
tion with the removal of the Naval Academy to
Newport, where it now is, although I happened
to be one of the witnesses of that i emoval and had
some connection with us being sent to its present
location. When it was removed the idea was en-
tertained by the then Superintendent, who is the
present Superintendent, and the officers who were
connected with htm, that the Academy might be
established within the walls and upon the grounds
adjacent to Fort Adams, nearNewport. After it
was taken there it was discoveied that there were
no accommodations font at Fort Adams. It then
became necessary to plant it somewhere else. It.
was taken to the city of Newport, in the State of
Rhode island, where it now is.
There are a great many inconveniences and
drawbacks connected with its piesent location,
which I think imperatively demand that it should
be taken from Newport. If taken from that place
I think it should be taken back to Annapolis.
Newport unites all the disadvantages of a water-
ing place with a manufacturing town, and the as-
sociations and temptations aie such it is impos-
sible for the officeis of the Academy to keep up
that kind of discipline that is necessary ata naval
academy. It is in the midst of a large city. The
climate is not as good as at Annapolis. During
the whole time, and 1 think it was there fourteen
years, that the Academy was at Annapolis theie
were but two deaths. I have the testimony of
the officers that since it has been tran^feired to
Newport there have been several, the number I
do not know. The records show that the pro-
portion of ill-health at Newport in proportion to
the number of students at the Academy has been
much greater than it was at Annapolis, or as one
to four.
It is true that many of the disadvantages that
would naturally arise from Newport being a wa-
tering place are not felt so much by the students
while they are at the Academy, because their
practice trip generally occurs in the months of
June, July, and August, which is the time that
the watering season is at its height; but there are
circumstances connected with its being-a watering
place that are regarded by those who are most fa-
miliar with the institution as exceedingly delete-
rious to young men.
I would not say, and I would not have it in-
ferred from anything I may say or do, that the
Academy has not been conducted since it has
been at Newport as successfully as it possibly
could be undcrthe existingcircumstanccs. I know
the worth of the Superintendent and of the com-
mandants,and other officers, pastand present,who
have been connected with the School. I know
they are men of intelligence, as well as fine officers.
I am perfectly well awai e, and I think theparents
of all the young men who have been there, or who
arc there now, locognize the assiduityand the ef-
forts of those gentlemen to discharge their duties
fully to the country and to the young men under
their charge. But I am only speaking of the sen-
timent entertained j as I shall show hereafter, by
those very officers themselves on this subject.
i know that the Academy, even at Newport, is
more successful than any similar institution in the
world. I have a letter in my pocket, written by
an English officer toadistinguished citizen of this
country, after he had been at Newport; had re-
mained there some days thoroughly inspecting the
School; had heard the boys at their recitations; had
seen them at their gunnery piactice, and other
exercises, and at their exercise on board ship,
and he pronounced that opinion. But still the
Academy has not reached that degree of perfec-
tion which the naval officers connected with it
think that it ought to reach, and which I think it
ought to attaVn.
We cannot guard the morals and preserve the
health of the young men who are commuted to
our care as our duty requires of us.
The allurements and temptations at the Naval
Academy aie such that we are losing from the
service many of our best young men. It is utter
folly to suppose that you can establish any rule
or any artificial line in a city across which there
arc temptations to allure youn# men who are be-
tween the ages of fourteen and eighteen years
which they will not* sometimes transgress and
pass over. The fact that they do pass over for
the purpose of securing some temptation that is
forbidden, may not of itself be an evil and a wrong
except that it is a violation of the law of the
Academy; and one of the first things that is taught
to an officer at the Naval Academy is the duty of
perfect^obedience; for it is one of the axioms of
that profession that no man is fit to command
until he has learned to be commanded.
Two classes at the Academy are kept on ship-
board. Thone ships, I believe, are the Constitu-
tion and the Santee. Theyare dismantled; they
are nothing more nor less than barrack ships.
One part of the deck is assigned to a school-room,
where the young men study in a common school-
room; another to a dormitory, also one common
room. On boaid of these ships none of the ad-
vantages can be derived that could be secured by
being on board of a regular,properly manned and
properly furnished man-of-war. These ships are
moored about three fourths of a mile from the
shore, and the only connection that the young
mm or the officerson board these ships have with
the shore or their teachers who reside ashore is
by means of a tug that is constantly kept, atcon-
siderahle expense, plying between the shore and
the ships. The other two classes are kept in a
hotel in the midst of the city. The officers, in-
stead of being within the walls as at Annapolis,
and immediately associating with the young men,
occupy houses, one in one portion of the town
and another in another. Hence they can main-
tain none of that kind of police or guardianship
over the young men that they would at Annapo-
lis or at any other properly established and well-
regulated school. The result of alt this, as I-said
before, is that a perfectsystem and discipline can-
not be obtained there, and in consequence of it
the service is losing many of the most promising
youngsters who enter the School, losing many of
the young men who would make admirable, dash-
ing, noble, glorious sailors, but who cannot be
restrained from violating some of those minute
regulations'of the Academy which are necessary
to be established and to be obeyed.
There is no hospital connected with the Acad-
emy at Newport. At Annapolis there was a hos-
pital large enough to accommodate all the sick.
There is no observatory and no library at New-
port. I do not know whether at this moment the
library is now open and occupies a house or not;
but for a long time it was kept boxed up in one
of the casemates at Fort Adams.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator will allow
me, the students of the Naval Academy have the
free use of the Redwood library, which is infi-
nitely superior to the library at the Academy in
all departments—one of the oldest and best libra-
ries in the country.
Mr. GRIMES. Then, Mr. President, as to the
question of expense. At Annapolis we have our
own grounds, our own dormitories, recitation-
rooms, observatories, library-rooms, and means
for imparting all the essential and necessary
branches of education to naval officers. At New-
port we haye none of these. We are obliged to
rent houses for our officers and students to occupy,
and to maintain ships at large expense, which are
constantly needing and undergoing repair, and
which we shall be obliged to break up in a little
while. We are compelled to keep a tug plying
constantly between the ships and the land at con-
siderable expense. I suppose the additional ex-
pense of keeping the Academy at Newport over
keeping it at Annapolis would not be less than
$100,000 a year, although on that subject I am not
well informed.
Then in regard to climate: the instruction in
gunnery, in infantry tactics and in artillery tac-
tics, in seamanship and naval tactics, is all per-
formed in the open air. I am told by those who
are familiar with the subject that there is at least
one month more in the autumn and one month
more in the spring when these exercises can be
performed at Annapolis than at Newport.
What are the objections to removing the Naval
Academy back to Annapolis ? First, it is said that
it will be brought hack into immediate proximity
to the Aimy. It will be observed that the amend-
ment which I propose dots not seek to bring back
the Academy until the commencement of the aca-
demic year 1865, which will be in September of
that year. I do not seek to disturb the Army at
this time. I understand from thechaiiman of the
Committee on Military Affairs that the Secretary
of War deems it important to the interests of the
public service that the Army should keep pos-
session of Annapolis for the present; and 1 did
not intend to be put in the attitude of throwing
any impediment in the way of the War Depart-
ment, or of the proper prosecution of the affairs
of that Department. I have therefore proposed
in this amendmpnt, in order to give all parties
ample time, that the Academy may remain at
Newport until September, 1865.
An objection was made when this proposition
was under consideration a year ago to the return
of the Academy to Annapolis because of the al-
leged disloyalty of the people of Maryland. I
trust, after the recent developments in that State,
that that argument will not be urged to-day.
Now, Mr. President, what are the opinions of
others on this .subject who are familiar with it
and capable of judging? I propose to read a letter
from Admiral Charles H. Davis, who is at the
head of the Bureau of Navigation in the Navy
Department, under whom this Academy is placed
by law. I need not tell the Senate who he is,
and that there is no man in the country, certainly
none who has not been immediately connected
with the Academy as a Superintendent or a com-
mandant of midshipmen, who is better able_ in
every point of view to give correct information
and good advice on this subject than Admiral
Davis. Pie says:
The most obviousargiiment for the rpmov.il of the Naval
Academy from Newpoit back to its original bite in Aiyjnp-
