2540
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
mitted every outrage upon Union,men. That
whole portion of the State was under their influ-
ence for months. And yet after we have driven
those men out, do you suppose there were none
left behind who had given aid and comfort to the
rebels ?
Genera! Shackleford issued this identical order.
He was a resident of that country, and knew the
people with Vhom he was dealing. I say that it
was the duty of the commanding officer there
and of every loyal man there to prevent any dis-
loyal man, or any man who had been disloyal,
from having anything to do with the operations,
of the Government.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I desire to ask my col-
league [Mr. Smith] a question. I have not un-
derstood him distinctly to indorse the order of
Colonel Foster. He seems to indorse that order
in bo far as it directs the judges of election not to
permitany man who is not loyalto vote. I would
tikehim todefine who is theloyal mar), as Foster's
order does.
I hove a practical object in view. I want to
know whether he is in favor of preventing men
from voting who are opposed to furnishing men
and money for this war. I want to know whether
my colleague, is in favor of disfranchising such
men.
Mr. SMITH. It seems to me that the ques-
tion resolves itself into this plain proposition, that
there are now from three to five hundred thou-
sand rebels in arms, attempting to invade the loyal
States, to seize the capital of the country and the
Treasury and archives of the Government and
to drag this Congress from Washington.
Now, then, sir, no man who is not in favor of
repelling these invading armies and crushing out
this rebellion can be truly loyal to this Govern-
ment unless he is willing to vote men and money
to whip the rebels. [Applause in the galleries.]
Is my colleague satisfied ?
Mr. WADSWORTH. Mr.Speaker, that does
not satisfy me, for two reasons: first, it is nota can-
did,direct indorsement of Fosler's order; second,
if it does indorse that order 1 am yet more dis-
satisfied, because this is wrong. Whenever a
majority of the people of this country shall be
oppost-d to the war they have a right to stop it.
Every citizen, therefore, who has a right to vote
at all, may vote men and money or refuse to vote
men and money, may vote peace, may vote war,
and neither the Army nor the Federal Executive
can obstruct this right without attacking the Con-
stitution and the liberty of the people. Thus it
will be seen I make a direct issue with my col-
league from the Covington district, he affirming
and I denying the legality of Foster's order; he
affirming and'I denying the right of the Federal
military power to prescribe the qualifications of
candidates and voters in the States.
vMr. SMITH. My colleague will allowrac to
ask him a question. In the first district in Ken-
tucky, in 1861, the polls were opened, and men
went up there and voted for Willis B. Machen
for the confederate congress. I woul^l ask my
colleague if he thinks that those men were loyal,
constitutional, lggul voters in the Commonwealth
of Kentucky.
Mr. WADSWORTH. Under the laws of Ken-
tucky every male citizen, over twenty-one years
of age, who has resided in the State two years,
or in the county where he offers to vote one
year, and in his precinct sixty days next before
the election, is entitled to vote unless he has taken
up arms voluntarily for the southern confederacy,
or held a civil office under the confederacy, or
under the so-called " provisional government" of
Kentucky, or has voluntarily given " aid and as-
sistance to those in arms against the forces of the
United States or the State of Kentucky," or has
been convicted of certain infamous crimes.
Now,sir,ifany citizens of Kentucky in the first
district, in 1861, or at any time, voted for Willis
B. Machen to represent them in the confederate
congress, (and 1 believe some did,) they were
guilty of a wicked and unpatriotic act, and if any
man where 1 live should try to open a poll and vote
to send a "rebel member of congress to the rebel
body at Richmond I would kill him if I could.
He should not live where I was and do that thin"'
without my employing all the force in my reach
to obstruct it, even to the end. But if my col-
league wishes to know whether I would now, in
the first di&trict, hinder by force a law-abiding,
peaceful citizen of our State from voting to send
Mr. Lucien Anderson or Judge Trimble to the
Congress of the United States, or sanction the
use erf force by anybody for such a purpose, be-
cause in the wreck and crash of 1861 he voted
there for Machen, I tell him no. I hail the re-
turn of every man who in good faith looks once
more toward the old flag, and with national as-
pirations turns his thoughts away from rebellion
and its congresses. What are we fighting for
unless to compel the people of the revolted dis-
tricts to ground the arms of rebellion, and re-
turn to the duties and the privileges of free and
equal citizens of the United States ? I would not
shed a drop of blood for any other purpose.
But on the question of law I affirm that because
a man voted for Willis B. Machen for the Rich-
mond congress in 1861 he was not thereby under
the laws of Kentucky disfranchised and denied
the right of voting for Anderson or Trimble in 1863
to represent the district in this Congress.
Mr. SMITH. Was not that giving aid and
comfort to the enemy?
Mr. WADSWORTH. If it is aiding and com-
forting the enemy within the meaningof the law
against treason, that would disqualify him only
when convicted " by due process of law" and
sentenced. My, own opinion is that every man
who took up arms against the State and General
Governments, m the service of a rebel power, ex-
patriated himself, and transferred from the State
to a fori'ign power his allegiance. He thereby
lost his residence in Kentucky. If that is not so,
the expatriation act is unconstitutional. If it is
so I see no necessity for the act. Now, if voting
for Machen in 1861 was a crime under the legis-
lative act of March 11, 1862, then that Legisla-
ture can pass ex post facto laws. Those men are
not disqualified. But if they were, the United
Slates could not interfere lawfully, unless re-
quested by the Legislature of Kentucky, or the
Governor, in case the Legislature could not be
convened. Thus these usurpations of the mili-
tary, justified hy my colleague, are without a de-
cent pretext.
But to return to the point. My colleague argues
that it was right and proper to use military force
to keep from the polls men who were opposed to
prosecuting the war. If that were so in a con-
gressional election, how much more must it be so
in the presidential election !
That is my colleague's position. It reaches far
and atl'ects the rights and threatens the peace of
everybody. It amounts to this: he says to a man
in Maine, in New York, or in Kentucky, unless
he is willing to vote men and money to prosecute
the war lie must not be a candidate for office, or
must not vote at an election; and that the soldiers
of the Government should be employed in keep-
ing him from the polls. Now, the ri^ht of the
military to say "You shall not vote against war,"
is the right also to say " You shall not vote against
peace;" "Indeed you must just vote as we tell
you." There is no freedom where there is no
choice. Every man in Maine,New York, Ken-
tucky, and elsewhere, if he has a right to vote
at all, has a right to vote for peace, or hasa right
to vote for war, without let or hinderance from
mortal man; and there is no power anywhere to
prevent him. When the people get tired of the
war they ought to stop it. They have the right to
slop it, whether my colleague or the Executive
consent or not.
I drawadiatinction between General Burnside's
order and the other two military orders. General
liurnside only calls on the military to support the
State authorities and to enforce the State laws.
His interference is as little offensive as such an
act could well be. But these other and inferior
officers struck down the State laws, and substi-
tuted the will of the military in their place. By
the laws of Kentucky a voter has a right to vote
for a candidate who is opposed to the war.
Tile military satrap, Foster,employed the troops
of the United States to obstruct the exercise of
this legal right, and in doing so went far beyond
the order of General Burnside. 1 wish to repeat
that 1 stand uncompromisingly opposed to such
a power. The indorsement of it by a friend of
the Administration from Kentucky at this time
is particulaily significant and alarming. If the
majority of the House are of the same opinion as
my colleague, the coming presidential election
will not be a peaceful one. i am persuaded that
every patriot desires that whoever has a right to
vote under the Constitution and laws of the land,
may exercise that right freely and without ob-
struction from the military power. If the posi-
tion which my colleague takes, that no man shall
be allowed to vote unless he is in favor of giving
men and money to carry on the war, is to be sus-
tained by this House or persisted in by the Ad-
ministration, then there are hundreds and thou-
sands of voters, north as well as south of Mason
and Dixon's line, who will be excluded from the
polls by military force, of the exclusion will be
attempted. Whether that will be good for the
Union cause I leave the House to decide. We
are in the thick of a civil war that tasks all our
resources and our united strength. The result is
distant and yet doubtful. *
The extraordinary partisan policy of the Gov-
ernment has already divided the hearts of the
people. To overawe or obstruct the presidential
election by military violence would defeat the last
hope of peace and union. Long time ago I pointed
out to this House what I deemed the chief dan-
.gers which beset our path in prosecuting the war
for the Union—a division of the people in the ad-
hering States and foreign intervention; the last
only possible when the first became a fact patent
to Europe. I invoked concord and fraternity; but
revolution never thinks, it only feels. The Ad-
ministration persevered in the work of exaspera'
tion and division. It had one prescription for
every ill, force, coercion; one ambition, the con-
solidation and perpetuation of party power. It
assailed the prejudices and and attacked every
rightof the white race; while proclamations swept
away constitutions and States, the habeas corpus,
liberty of speech, of the press, of the ballot were
swept away by the hand of military power. This
power filled new prisons with the people, incar-
cerated without charges, and dismissed without
trials or banished fVbm home and family by or-
ders from subordinates, with cool impartiality high
and low, man ani^ woman, old and young, all con-
ditions, sexes, ages. It bfcamea crime at last in
the eyes of the Administration to belong to that
historic party which from the post-revolutionary
age had held sway m America, and given to the
Republic Presidents, statesmen ,'orators, and war-
riors without number, and which filled the Army
of the Union, from.general-i|i-chief to drummer-
boy, with its heroes.
Thus the people were divided, cut in twain,
and one half driven from the support of the Ad-
ministration. Yet more; for while on theoneside
Democrats and true Whigs withdraw from the
Administration, on the other, honest and logical
abolitionists, pledged for thirty years to freedom
of the person, free press, free speech, fiee ballot,
hopeless of " justice to the negro," depart from
it with loud arid bitter protest against destruction
of habeas corpus, arbitrary arrests, suppression of
free speech, profanation of the press, pollution of
the ballot-box, thus isolating it upon the bad emi-
nence of military despotism.
These capital dangers are scqucnts. Thefirstis
upon us; we are divided; judge how far from us
is the other and final calamity.
Sir, if the people of the adhering States were
united, foieign intervention could not harm us—
our Government, mailed in the love of a united
people, could mock at all its missiles. Nay, it
might do us good, by warming and rousing the
one heart of twenty million freemen to that pitch
of enthusiasm which would at last show to Eu-
rope the real vigor and power of democratic in-
stitutions. Bfuthe quarrel is fundamental; the •
Administration, surrounded by flatterers and par-
asites, and emboldened by the forbearance of the
people, will notyield its claims t'o despotic power,
and the freemen of Ameiica can never surrender
habeas corpus, free speech, free press, free ballot;
and the Administration or the people, one or
theother,must go down. Many things the people
will endure and be patieut) many things they will
surrender to arbitrary power in a situation like
the present—their products and property to tax-
ation, their slaves to armed violence, their sons
to battle—but they cannotgive up their homes to
unreasonable search, their persons to arbitrary
arrest, their orators to banishment, their news-
papers to the bayonet, and that last hope of re-
dress, the right to vote.
And I say to the House, Mr. Speaker, that if
the principle of my colleague is cairied out, and
