518
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
few days ago, spoke of it as a power equivalent
to that of the Roman dictatorship. Coulil the
dead revisit the earth how indignantly would
Washington and Hamilton and Franklin and Mad-
ison and the other great men who framed our Con-
stitution deny that in its broad and liberal provis-
ions intended to "secure the blessings of liberty"
to them and their posterity there lay concealed the
powers of a Roman dictatorship. 1 earnestly pro-
test against this doctrine,and deeply regretted to
hear it asserted in this House. It is too great a
heresy,! trust, to be entertained here or elsewhere.
Nor do I believe this House to be prepared to sub-
scribe to the doctrine legitimately resulting from
the position assumed by thegcntleman from Penn-
sylvania, that the President may dissolve the
Union by a proclamation of blockade such as that
we have considered. This doctrine recognized
and we at once recognize secession. Nor can we
complain of foreign Powers who recognize the
South as belligerents, for they simply followed our
example, as none of them did so until a long time
after the proclamation of blockade had been is-
sued.
I must now pass to other views of this matter;
but before doing so it may be well to look very
briefly at the origin and history of the doctrine of
secession. It is one which has at differenttimes
been theoretically and practically presented to the
American mind. The first and a strong approach
to it was in the case of Vermont, wliich practi-
cally seceded from New York. Shortly after the
Declaration of Independence the people residing
in the northeastern counties of New York, now
constituting the State of Vermont, dissatisfied with
their relations with New York, determined to erect
a separate sovereignty. Thoy held public meet-
ings,discussed the matter,and resolved to organ-
ize a new State. They claimed in substance that
they had as good light to refuse to recognize the
authority of New York as New Yoik had to cast
off her allegiance to Great Britain. The move-
ment soon resulted in the organization of the Slate
of Vermont.
The nullification movements of South Carolina
during General Jackson's Presidency are so well
known to our history that I need but to refer to
them. The question was then discussed in all its
beari ngs by the greatest minds of the country, and
it was hoped forever settled. The decisive and
energetic conduct of General Jackson at that time
secured for linn the warmest applause and respect
of all political parties.
Not many years since the Legislature of Wis-
consin, the majority of its members being then
Republicans, passed resolutions which, as I rec-
ollect them, and X have no doubt many of the
House do also, distinctly recognized the doctrinc
of secession. I had intended to read these reso-
lutions at lrngih, but unfortunately the volume of
the Statutes of Wisconsin which 1 am informed
contains them is not at present, in the Libiary.
In the Law Loctmesot St.George Tucker,one
of the most distinguished jurists of Virginia, I
find U stated tlut secession is revolution.
On the other hand, Mr. Rawle, equally distin-
guished in iiis own Slate, (Pennsylvania,) holds
to views widely different. 1 wish to have lead
to the House an extract from Rawle on the Con-
stitution, commencing on page 295 of that woik.
Tile Clerk read, as follows:
4<Ti)p secePMon of a StnUi fiom tlie Union d^pnnds on
tlicwjHof tin; people of Mich State. The people alone,
as wo have stlioarty xhowti, hold the povvei to alter then
Thu ('(MMitutuiii c)i tin- United rtiatea is
to a eiMtuin pxtout. uipnrpoiaU'd into the constitution-, of
the several States by the act of the people. The State .
legislatures, have only to pettoim mum orsjamcai opeui-
tions in teg.tul to it. To wnhdt.iw Horn the Union coinc.i
not within the ufnrtal of di'leuated authoi jty. Th^ie
muM.be an express piovSion to that eilect inserted in tlm
State constitution?:. Tin-is not nr pie-^ent the case with I
any o! them, and it would bo porhaji-, impolitic to confide ]
it to them. A matter-o momentous on<iht not to he in- |
trusted to tho.-e who would have it m their power to exer- i
eit-o it lightly or pu-eipitately on sudden dissatisfaction 01
eauj*ekj&f. pique, perhaps against the immense majority of
their constituents. Out in any manner by which a seces-
sion is to take place nothing is mote certain than that the
act should he deliberate, cleai,and unequivocal."
Mr. P-RUY.N. Mr. Speaker, I differ entirely
from the views thus put forth by Mr. Rawle. I
do not believe that any State has the right, by in-
corporating a clause j  its constitution providing
for a secession from the Union, to give to its Le-
gislature or to any other body that power, I have
referred to these tilings not by way.of approval, j
of the doctrine of secession, for I do not believe
in it, but simply to show somewhat of the history
of this matter, and that this idea of the right to
secede was not confined to the public men of the
southern States.
Mr. SLOAN. I understand the gentleman to
state that the supreme court of the State of Wis-
consin, and the Legislature of the State, first rec-
ognized the doctrine of secession. I desire to ask
the gentleman when and in what case?
Mr. PRUYN. By cettain resolutions of the
Legislature, passed in 1858 or 1859.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman if those
resolutions were anything more than what are
called the Kentucky resolutions, which have been
incorporated into the platform of tile Democratic
-party for sixteen years?
Mr. PRUYN. 1 have quoted from memory,
and I am corroborated by the statement of one of
the members from Wisconsin, who has told me
that such was the purport of the resolutions.
And that corresponds with my recollection.
Mr. SLOAN. The substance of those resolu-
tions was only the Kentucky resolutions which
were incorporated into the platform of the Dem-
ocratic party in the national convention in 1852,
and in nearly every convention since.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I desire to make
a single statement in reference to the resolutions
to which the gentleman refers. In the year 1859
resolutions were passed by the unanimous Re-
publican vote of the Legislature of Wisconsin,
declaring that the Government of the United States
was a compact, that there was no common arbiter
in case of dispute between a State and the Gov-
ernment, and that each State was judge for itself
of the infraction of the contract and of the mode
and measure of redress.
I state beyond that, that the supreme court of
the State of Wisconsin, in the case of ex parte
Booth, on application for a writofAafteos corpus,
decided that they would not entertain a writ of
error from the Supreme CourtoftheUnited States
to themselves, taking almost the same ground in
reference to the matter which thu Legislature of
Wisconsin did, and refused to make any return
to the Supreme Court. But for the credit of Wis-
consin I will say that last year those resolutions
were repealed.
Mr. SLOAN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Wjsconsin if the language of the resolutions
of the State of Wisconsin was not almost iden-
tical with the language of the famous Kentucky
resolutions of 1798; and if all that the supreme
couit held was not simply that, in a proper case
brought before that court, they had the right to
judge of the constitutionality of an act of Congress,
within the Union, as a simple judicial remedy,
exercising their functions as the highest judicial
tribunal of our State? And I ask him further if
either those resolutions or the decision of the su-
preme court had the least taint of this doctiino of
secession about them?
Mr. BIIOWN, of Wisconsin. I statein reply
that 1 used the language of those resolutions. It
was that the Government of the United States was
a compact, and that m case of dispute between a
State and the Federal Government there was no
common arbiter, and that each State was a judge
as well of the infraction of that compactas of the
mode and manner of redress.
I state beyond that, that at the last session of
the Legislature those resolutions were repealed,
and repealed with the declaration that those were
the sentiments indorsed by .TefF. Davis, and every
Democrat voted against the repeal because it had
such a declaration as that, which they deemed to
be false; and every Republican voted for it.
I^will say, while I cannotquote from the lengthy
decision of the supreme court of our State, it did
refuse at that time—though'it has changed since
—to make a return to the writ of error from the
Supreme Court of the Unite*States. Does the
gentleman stand upon those resolutions of 1798
and those of 1S59, or does he abandon them?
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman from New York
will allow me a moment to reply. The gentle-
man from Wisconsin evades my question, lasked
him whether the resolutions of the Legislature of
the State were not identical in substance with the
famous Kentucky resolutions, and he declines to
answer that question. I assert that they were,
and that those resolutions have been m the plat-
form of the party to which the gentleman belongs
ij for the last sixteen years, and have been adopted
; by every Democratic national convention. I ask
! the gentleman now whether he repudiates the plat-
'! form-his party has acted upon in every presiden-
i tial election during the last sixteen years.
| Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I understand
j that the resolutions of 1798 contain no such doc-
i trine as that incorporated m the resolutions of the
| Wisconsin Legislature in 1859. And if I thought
I the resolutions did I would repudiate those reso-
j lutions. It is because I think they do not contain
I any such sentiments that I give my adherence to
I them.
: Mr. SLOAN. That is an issue of fact between
j the gentleman and myself which the records must
! determine. I think the gentleman shows his ig-
i noratice of the political history of the country
I and of his party in asserting that there was any
j substantial difference between the resolutions of
i the Legislature of Wisconsin and the resolutions
] of his party.
I Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Mr". Speaker, I
; will not either defend myself against the charge
1 of ignorance which my colleague makes upon me,
nor impugn the knowledge of the gentleman. I
have not stood at any time on the platform which
1 have alluded to, adopted by the Republican party
in Wisconsin. I have opposed it from the very
beginning, and I believe that in that respect I have
been at variance with my colleague.
And now, having answered the question which
he asked me, I will ask him if, while I was oppos-
ing these resolutions of the Legislature and the
decision of the supreme court of the State of Wis-
consin on these points, my colleague did not stand
on the opposite side to me defending them both?
Mr. SLOAN. I am willing to answer any
question put to me. Under the circumstances in
which those resolutions were passed I approved
them, and I still approve them; and, with a proper
opportunity, I am willing to defend my position
in regard to them.
Mr. PRUYN. And now, Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tlemen from Wisconsin having made their expla-
nations, I will briefly state some other views on
the subject I was considering.
Had the Constitution of the United States con-
tained an express provision authorizing any State
at any time it saw fit to withdraw or secede from
the Union it is quite evident that our present
struggle would have been avoided. It is admitted
by all that many of the public men of the South
have from an early period of our history claimed
that by the true construction of that instrument
the right to secede existed, if not in terms, by
clear implication; while at the North this claim
has been strongly denied. Should not the fact
that the right has been thus uniformly asserted
lead the North, while it denies its existence, to
moderate the violence with which those who hold
it have oftentimes been denounced. Let us deal
with the rebellion with the firm determination by
united and vigorous efforts to suppress it, hut let
it be done in the spirit of philanthropy combined
with power which should mark the conduct of a
great and magnanimous Commonwealth.
Nor does this imply any sympathy with the
erroneous principles which the South has advo-
cated. On this subject the North has been uni-
ted. Its rising after our flag was struck at Sum-
ter was magnificent; nothing in history compares
with it; and it will never be satisfied until that
flag shall once more float over that fortress, the
emblem of a common Government and a restored
Union.
I can claim for those whom I more particularly
represent that they have at all times responded to
the call of the Government, and have furnished
men and money for the defense of ourinstitutions
with a readiness unsurpassed in any part of the
Union; and those with whom I act politically have
united in all this with just as much energy as their
neighbors. All that the Democratic party de-
manded from the Administration was that it should
respect the Constitution; and when the restraints
of the Constitution were overlooked and broken
down, when the great principles of civil liberty
were disregarded in the despotic measures adopted
j by the Administration, it was our duty to express
! plainly and boldly, and 1 trust we did, the dis-
j satisfaction we entertained.
: The measure now before us, which contem-
plates in its results the confiscation of the lands
, of private individuals in the rebel States, neces-
