1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
©lis is that the latter is a complete establishment,built and
prepared for tbe express purpose, containing all the build-
ings, such as dormitories, lecture and recitation-rooms,
fchnpei, library, observatory, hospital, &c., &.c., and con-
tainiiigalso suitable residences for the Supeiintendent, pro-
fessors", and instructors-ot all classes. This argument Is so
obvious and so weighty, that in order to be overcome it
Should be met by some counter argument equally conclu-
sive. But the truth is that there is not a single consider-
ation, with one exception winch will be noticed hereafter,
that is not hi favor of Annapolis rathei thanNewport as the
seat of the Naval Academy.
"Among these considerations we may enumerate as one
of the most important tbe comparative healthiness of the
two situations. In this respect experience is entirely in
favor of Annapolis. During the long residence of the School
at the latter place no such instances have occurred of en-
demic diseases as have onee or twice created the most se-
rious alarm at Newport, and threatened to break up the
School, it is worth while to inquire into the nature of these
diseases, or to ask whether they spung from the very hu-
mid climate of Rhode Island in the spring, or from the man-
tier in which the midshipmen aie lodged. If it should be
at guedthatthese sicknesses have been the result of the mid-
shipmen's living on board ship tor so long a time, this very
statement is a reason for the return of the Academy to An-
napolis, where, with suitable additions to the present build-
ings, only the junior cla4*-" would have to live on board ship,
land that only (or one year.
. u Another o( the impoitant considerations referred to is
the seclUbion and freedom from interruption and fiom
temptation afforded by the old Academy grounds. This
fs a consideration which is entitled to the deepest reflec-
tion. It comes home immediately to the most serious anx-
ieties of paienLs, and of legislator?., who in this case stand
in loco parentis toward midshipmen. What, parent would
•willingly subject his child m the progress of his education,
and during Ins tender years, to such temptations and dis-
plays of luxury and wealth as dazzle the evca and excite
the fancy of the young men at Newport, leading them to
form very false ideas of what constitutes real usefulness
and honoi in life? What would be thought of a deliberate
proposition to remove the Military Academy at West Point
from lis present situation, and from all Us accumulated ad-
vantages of buildings and gtounds, to a fashionable water-
ing place, putting the cadets* into a hotel built ot wood, in
lieu of their present excellent accommodations ? And the
case is precisely similar m respect to the Naval Academy,
for the icmoval to Newpoit at the beginning of the rebel-
lion was merely regaided as a temporaiy expedient. Noth-
ing whatever has been done to give to its residence theie
the character ol a permanent establishment; on the eon-
traty, several huge ship-? have been sent there to receive
the midshipmen, and the hotel, in which the two upper
classes reside, has only been tented by tin: year; and when
the present base c xpties (about a month hence) it will he
rented by the month.
u Anothei ot the important considerations to he kept in
view is the supeiiouty of the climate of Annapolis over
that of Newpoit, in re.-peot particuluily of thcduiation m
the winter. u c do not speak of tins on the scoie of health,
which has already been touched upon, hut with relation to
its effect upon the education ot the midshipmen. In con-
sequence of the greater mildness o) the climate of Annap-
olis, the period ot all kinds of out-of-door exercises i^mucli
longer, and the exposureattendtng them is very much less.
When it Is considered thaOi most important partol the in
etiuction ot the midshipmen in the ait of .seamanship, in
the tactics ofhinglo ship**, of squadrons, and of fleets, and
alio a great deal of instruction in naval gunnery, mu.-t take
place on the water, it will icndily be nmlcjstood that the
quiet waters of Chesapeake bay, inclosed, and yet allotd-
illg the amplest held tor all kinds ol naval exetcises and
evolutions, are veiy preferable to tho«;e of a moic noithern
climate and less protected situation.
"These three considerations oljhc superior health mess of
Annapolis, its. seclusion and lemoteucss, mid the mildness
of its climate, added to the tact that all the mateiial ac-
commodations, instruments, and meant* loi conducting the
School are on the spot,cannot tail to conduct an unbiased
mind to the conclusion that the School ought 10 he restoied,
at the end of this teun, to its ongmal and propet seat; foi
these ate the main coosulejations, and the only impoitant
consider,iiums. Anything that may he said in or o| New-
port maybe «ald with much mote mason in lavor of many
situations on Long Island Sound ; and yet what would he
thought of a serious pioposilion, instead ol making q^e ot
the publicbuildnigs.it Annapolis foi the pmpo.,e< fot which
they were conducted, to spend .$.">00,000 in electing the
same buildings elsewhere, and in a less suitable place?
Newpoit is thought of as the place lor the Naval School
Minply because the Naval School took rcluge there in time
ol tiouhlc ; but the uuth is that the icsitlt of this exp *i 1-
nient, which has now la-ted nearly three years, i« entuely
adveiso to keeping the institution at Newpoit. Whatever
m.tvbe smdtn lavor ot other places, expetience has pioved
that nothing can be said in favor of Newpoit. it U> a met
woitli mentioning that the Department has thought it ue-
ce-v-win to instruct the Hupenntciident not to allow the
piactu e -hip Marion to go to the southward of Point Ju-
dith, that vessel being in an unseawoithy condition. No
bitch reduction would be neoe^ruy at Annapolis.
u There a re .some minor considerations in tavor of Annap-
olis whuh it may be wouh while to touch upon. One is
tin; economy 01 living—a mostseriou* question to the pro-
K"-sors and other othceis of the institution who have houses
a? Annapolis, and tire enabled to live theic much more eom-
f'01 t.ibiv upon tin tr salaries, it would he a real act ot hu-
inatiir;." to them to allow them to return to their old quar-
ters. \nothei of tbe minor considerations is the evil* arising
from the extieine inconvcnience* of the picsetit situation
of the ?Cav.il di'ijtyol. One ol the immediate consequences
of these inconveniences is thai ail the advantages austin?
from the use of the ob-ervatoiy, and itom free access to the
exeeilentlibiary ot tne institution, ate suspended, and in-
deed I m 1111 l> lo-t «o tlio-c 1.1 the midshipmen whose edu
cation i*< begun <iuci completed at Newpoit,
44 A thud ol these minor consideration-, ts ([do not know
but that I am wrong in calling it a minor consideration)
that a great deal of that punctuality, precision, and uni-
formity of discipline, which belong to a separate establish-
ment, and a distinct inclosure, ate unavoidably omitted
in such a place as Newport. Annapolisis sosituated that
nothing interferes with the order and routine of the School;
there is no interposition of a public opinion, or sentiment,
or of any influence that is foreign to the interests of the
institution. The Naval School is there a distinct commu-
nity, having its own laws, and its own appropriate senti-
ments. It is needless to undertake to show by any labored
aigument how much more easy it must be to conduct the
education of young men under these circumstances than
amidst the bewildering distractions of Newport and its vi-
cinity.
" I promised in the beginning to notice one exception,
which is taken against Annapolis, and which at one time
might have been allowed to have some moment. This ex-
ception is the want of loyalty and Union sentiment in that
place."
This letter was written before the recent elec-
tion in Maryland.
" In the beginning of the rebellion thisconsidciatlon was
an lmpot tant one on many accounts ; it thieatened to exer-
cise aeon upting and disorganizing influence on the School;
but when the Academy lctuins to Annapolis the veiy re-
verse will be the. case, because it is tilled now exclusively
by joung men in whose breasts all the cticumstances of
this accuised rebellion have created the most passionate
sentiments of loyally and attachment to the Union. So far
fiom there being reason to appiuhend that the present mid-
shipmen, or those who aie to come aftei them, can imbibe
any taint Itom thetiaitois or southern sympathizers that
may bo linking in that city, they, on the contiaiy, will ex-
eici.se supieme moral control 111 the opposite direction, and
will rendei ticason aiiaid to show itsell and fearful of the
sound of its own voice. Besides, this- would be a ehutge
against Maryland winch it would be exceedingly unbecom-
ing for any one to urge in the piesent highly pattiotic atti-
tude of that State."
That is the opinion of Admiral Davis, the gen-
tleman who has the general charge of the Naval
Academy, lie has thoroughly investigated the
whole subject. He lias visited the Academy for
the purpose of informing himself before he made
that communication to me.
1 will now read from the report of the visitors
to the Naval Academy in 18()2, This boatd of
visitor# was composed of Commodoio Stnbimg,
Commodore Sands, Commodore Glynn, the de-
ceased Commodore Hudson,Com nmdore Wilkes,
mid Commotion1 Iluiwood. They say:
uJt 13 f-cmctly ncivssat) to refer to the causes which
led to ihe icmoval of the Academy; uudu the eticum-
sMnces such icmoval was unavoidable. Coming heie
without any ptevtous piepaiation, the difficulties to be
encountered weie gteat and not to be easily overcome.
Expuht nts had 10 1m- adopicd, and 111 many w.n s the Su-
peiintendent and othei othceis ot tbe institution weieat a
lo-s how to pioectdso as to pievent the studies ot the
act ins midshipmen fiom being matei tally in teri upted. fc'oi
the want of piopci ioom«, inconveniences .110 {still ex-
peiieiiced uheitsevet.il elates aie reciting at the same
time. The hhraiy l1- in boxes at Fort Adams, and appeals
to bf in trood condition hoc-, but the board dor-, not think
that such valuable books should Jong be kept in a casemate.
Doubtless dampness i< theie, which, in time, will injuie
or destiny them, besides, it is impoitant tbeltbiary should
be in a condition ioi use. Atthe hotel building there seems
to be no suitable accommodation I01 it. The board is of
opinion that a* soon as can be done with safety, the Ae.id-
etnj should be returned to Annapolis, where every facility
exists tor the nnprovementof the students and lor theeorn-
(oi tabic accommodation of all connected w ith the insti-
tution."
This report is concurred in by all the commo-
dores whom I have mentioned and who composed
the board, except Commodate Sands. He does
not dissent from it, but expresses the opinion
that it was hardly pioper for that board to make
any intimation at all on the subject, either in fa-
vor of retaining it or sending it away from its
present location.
1 will now read a portion of a letter from tbe
very excellent officer and distinguished gerujeman
who is now at the heud of the Naval Academy—
I mean Commodore Blake, in a letter written
to me dated on the 18th of March he says:
" The disadvantages of the pi escnttcmpoiaiy location of
the Naval Aeadeinvare veiy gieatindced,and noonecan en-
tertain a doubt of the necessity ot its being peimauentiy re-
established somewheye atthe e'ailiest possible moment. We
now numbci ovei lour bundled midshipmen, two bundled
and seventeen being m a building erected for hotel pui-
po-fs, in the hcait of a city of liltcen thousand inhabitants,
and the rest quaiiem! tin boutd two luxates ijing at a
sni ill island in the bar hoi. ne.vly a mile distant fiom the
building, communication being kept up with them by means
ot asmail steam yacht ol about toi ty ton*. This is the best
auangemeiit (,U tn tent an it 1-) which we have been able
to make heie. TwoboauK of \ isitois, the presidents of
both lonner Supeuntcndents ot the Academy, have in-
spected it with the utmost case smce v\c have hern thus
established, and 1 beg j on to look over their teporH, pai-
tieuhuly that of the la-t bo.ud, of which Rear Admital
j (Joidsborough was president. tt« investigations were ot a
! m-o-t scare lung chioacter, and then repoit, u Inch ;s one of
I the documents n<'compan\ tug the bist annu d repoit of the
! ^ceietary of the Navy, Vr'iii, I think, j-attsfY jou that we
have done the best we could under the circumstances. Tin?
inconvenieticcs which we ate contending with aie obvious
to every one. In the first place, it is extiemcly difficult to
guard the morals of so huge a body of youths, and hold them
under proper military discipline, situated as wo are ; though
I believe that every intelligent peison who lias inspected
the establishment admits that we have succeeded in this
respect better than could have been expected. In the sec-
ond place, a great deal of most valuable time i^lost m pars-
ing from one part of the establishment to tbe other (or drills
and exercises; and the operations of the commissary,as
well as all our domestic details, are, undei such circum-
stances, very difficult to manage."
I have also a communication from Commander
Rodgers. I need not tell the Senate who Captain
C. 11. P. Rodgers is, the third in a line of descent
of naval heroes, and himself one of the most ac-
complished officers of our own or of any navy.
He was the commandant of the midshipmen at
Annapolis at the time the Academy was removed.
He went with it to Newport and remained there
until the expedition of Admiral Du Pont to the
southern coast was organized, when he was se-
lected for a position infinitely above lus rank,
although perfectly corresponding with his merits,
to command the flag-ship Wabash. Let me say
furthermore that Captain Rodgers is a Newport
man; at any rate his family resides in Newport;
and therefore, if he had any local interests that
would govern him in formingany opinion on this
subject, it would seem to be adverse to the opin-
ions that he expresses in this letter and the views
which I entertain. He says:
United Stath.s Steamer Iroquois,
Baltimore, March 11, 1^64.
My dear Sir: I have received to-day yourlottei of the
10th instant, 111 which you do me the honoi to ask my opin-
ion as to the expediency of sending tbe Naval tfchool back
to its old site at Annapolis. J have no hesitation in say-
ing that X think it of the utmost importance that it should
be sent thither at the eatliest possible moment.
i was the commandant of midshipmen whi 11 the Naval
Academy was removed tiom Annapolis, and before I gave
up that position to take more active seivtce 1 became con-
vinced that Newpoit wa« not well adapted to beeome ihe
location of a gie.it naval ttaining school. It is, I think, the
most agtecable residence 111 the count!3, and the ottsceis
and professors of the establishment could not tail to enjoy
thegcntal hospitality and the cultivated society loi winch
the place is so dcscivedly famous ; but Newport is not only-
a lasiuonabie wateung place, and the peimanent home of
a gay and luxurious societj, but is, nnneover, a lactory
town, and abounds in eveiy allurement calculated to dis-
tinct the minds of students and afr'oid them tacihties for
dissipation.
It is also one of the most expensive places in the country.
The climate is delightful during the suintnci months, hut
dining those months the midshipmen aie absent eithei on
their practice ciuise or on futiough. The winter climate
ts severe and the rigors nic protiacted dining the whole of
spttiig, afibtding no facilities foi those, nnhtaiy exercises
winch must be acquited in the open air. under a more
genial tempeiature than Newportafloid&befoie June. These
exeicise.s aic of the highest importance and cannot bo dis-
pelled with.
The School is now chiefly quaitered in a hotel, in the
ccutei of Newpoit, without even a police wall about it.
The junioi class is still moie badly quartered on board bar-
iack ships, the tendencies of which, 1 think, arc veiy per-
nicious. These vessels must not be considered as ships-of-
wai; they are simply bad floating banaek*, \\ heie ihe mid-
shipmen arc hetded together, without any pi ivacy, between
low and over-heated decks. The habitandioutmeoJ these
ships is academic and not naval.
On boatd of them the u^n^es of a slnp of-war m com-
mission cannot be enloieed 01 exhibited, and the habits
acquired ate m no degree those which will be demanded of
the mui-htpmen when they shall graduate and pass into
active sei \ ice.
I once thought well of quattenng the junior class on
board the Constitution, bin subsequent ob-eivafion has
ehanged my opinion, and I now consider it of gt eat impoi t-
ance that the member* o! the enlenng class should be lodged
like the other midshipmen, on shoic, undei the influence
ol the senior classe-, in suilabl.- loom-, whete the) may
find some degree of puvaey, and be shielded Itom the de-
moializingintluencesinsep.uableirom the pi act tee ol mass-
ing m one open space the well disposed and those with
vicious propensities.
Annapoiis was the fitst seat of our naval training school;
it ts the ahna matey of ail its giaduates ; it ahead) has as-
sociations that .ire deai to many naval officers. Upon its
giounds and buildings much thought and labor and ti-asiire
have been expended. The location is very beauimil, the
grounds ate checifnl and well adapted to'their putpose.
The wintci is shotf, tile spnng fat mote genial than that
of Newport, as the much eailier vegetation will attest.
The period of confinement in heated 100ms. and depuva-
tion of out ofdooi spoit-*, much mote btiet.
Thecost ol lood and attendance is moderate. The town
itself is small and quiet, and not likely to increase. The
barucks for the students, the quaitcrs lor the oth'-ei-, and
professor, tiie nies.-, hall, recitation hall. chap< I. obsciva-
tory, hospital, and the like, are alieadv built. A'tnoiiuate
sum will put ever) tiling in good condition, am! the XavaJ
School can soon be p!<:cd on a (inn and satisiaetoiy loot-
ing; its walh can shut it in from ton much nit«-ieouise
with the neighbotiiood. and it will be shielded tiom the
allurement-* winch now distinct it.
Should it remain in Newpoit tt-. habits of smdv must
languish, no matte) how devoted mav be the pfFnsrs o* H'-we
intrusted witint s couti ol and msti action, and it< tone must
