1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
paymasters, but it has been examinedby the Mili-
tary .Committee; and I call upon the gentleman
from Ohioj a member of that committee, to say
whether it was not their unanimous opinion that
it toas a fair claim and ought to be allowed.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will answer the gentle-
man that the Military Committee examined the
claim, and without any exception, I believe, at
any rate with great unanimity, decided in favor
of the claim. The papers in the case have gone
to the printer, and 1 suppose are printed by this
time. I think the bill ought to be passed.
Mr. NOBLE. I will say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that I have no desire to make any
captious opposition m this matter. I have no
wish to wrong this man; on the contrary 1 will
go as far as any gentleman on this floor in voting
what is right. But I want this measure to go to a
committee, anil it certainly cannot have my vote
in its favor until we have a chance to investigate it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. When this
bill was up the other day, I objected to it in its
present shape. I did, however, tell the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, and I am willing to say the
. same now, that if he will add an amendment some-
thing like this—that if upon examination by the
Paymaster General said Paymaster General shall
deem him justly entitled to said credit, said credit
shall be allowed by said Paymaster General upon
his approval thereof. I am willing from my
knowledge of the character of Colonel Andrews,
who I beli'eve to be one of the most incorruptible
men in the country, to allow this claim to pass
upon his approval.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman moves that
amendment I will not object to it. When this
was up before I could not imagine that there
would be much discussion about it. I know this
paymaster, and t know that he is as honest a
man as there is anywhere.
I ask the Clerk to read the letter winch I send
Tip for the information of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Paymaster General's Office,
Washington, June 1864.
Sir: I desire to call your attention to the necessity of
your piocurinc, during the present scs-ion of Congress, the
parage of a bill relieving >ou from accountability for the
public money in your charge, lo^t on board the steamer
Ruth. As matters now stand, you are unavailable for
duty, and I do not consider that I am justified in allowing
an officer of the pay department to leceive full pay and
allowances tor which he lenders no equivalent. Unless,
theiefoie, you can piocure the passage of such an act, I
fch.iil. on the closc of the present session of Congress, rec-
ommend tiiat you be honorably discharged the service as
unavailable for duty; and at the close of the present month
I Miall telieve you fiom duty at this station, and allow you
to remain, unaligned, until fuither action can be had in
yout case by the appointing power.
Vcrv respectfully, your obedient servant,
T.P.ANDREWS,
Paymaster General United Slates Jhmy,
Major N.S. Brenton, Additional Paymaster Umted States
jit my, Washington, !)• C.
Mr. STEVENS. By the proposed amendment
this whole matter will be referred to the Paymas-
terGeneral's office. Itseems to me that there can
hardly be any objection to it. I demand the pre-
vious question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes fifty-
one, noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orth and
Ei bridge were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 64, noes 28.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative, mak-
ing a quorum.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
rending; and it was accordingly read the third lime.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. NOBLKdemanded the yeas and nays; and
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. jNoble and
McBride were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes twenty-four, more than one fifth of those
present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 41, not voting 81;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Arnold, Ashley, Dally, Baxter,
Beaman, Bliss, Boutwell, Boyd, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eeltley, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Gooeh, Higby, Hotclikiss, Asahe! W. Hubbard,
Hulburd, Ingersojl, Philip Johnson, Julian, Knapp, LUtle-
iohn,Loan,Longyear,IfrcBride,McClui*g,Mid(3leton,Sam-
ael F. Miller, Moorliend, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Perham,John H.Rice,Edward H.Uollins,
Schenck, Seofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding,
Stevens, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Wash-
burn, Wilder, Yvindom, and Woodbridge—60.
NAYS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ames, Aneona,John
D. Baldwin, Blair, James S. Brown, Oiianler, Coffroth,
Demson, Edgerton, Eldridge, English, Ganson, Ilardmg,
Charles M. Ilarns, John H. Hubbard, William Johnson,
Keman, Le Blond, I^ons;. Mallory, William II. Miller.Nel-
son, Noble,Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, l'ruyn, Radford,
William II. Randall, Ross, Smith, John IS. Steele, Stiles,
Strouse, Sweat, Thomas, Wadsworlh, Chiltou A. White,
Wilson, and Wmfield—41.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee,
Brooks, Broomall, William G. Brown, Ambrose W.Clark,
Clay, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Dumont, Eden,
Feuton, Ftnek, Frank, Garfield, Grider, Giinnell, Gris-
woldj Hale, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Herrick,
Hoi man, Hooper, Ilutchms, JencUes, Katbflekch, Kasson,
Kelley, Fiancts W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, King, Knox,
LaWjLazear, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, McDowell, Mo
Irtdoe, McKinncy, James R. Morn's Morrison, Amos My-
ers, Leonard Myers, Orth, Patterson, Perry, Pike, Pomeioy,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, Alexander il. Rice, Robinson,
Rogers., James S. Rollins, Scott, Starr, Stebbins, William
G. Steele, Stuart,Thayer, Tiacy,Van Valkcnbuigh, Voor-
hees, Ward, Wobster, Wlialey, wheeler, Joseph W.White,
Williams, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—81.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to leconsiderbe laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had
examined and found truly enrolled bills of the
following titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 48.1) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Lake Superior to Puget sound on the Pa-
cific coast, by the northern route; and
An act (H. R. No. 527) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 18G5, and for
other purposes.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois! The Senate
have sent a message to us asking for a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
Senate bill No. 339, to repeal a joint resolution
entitled "A joint resolution to grant additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department, and for
other purposes." I move that the request of the
Senate be granted.
The motion was agreed to.
PAY TO CLAIMANTS TO SKATS PROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. A resolution was offered the oilier day to
pay the gentlemen who came here claiming seats
as Representatives from Aikansas. That reso-
lution was referred to the Committee of Elections,
and a motion to reconsider the vote by which it
was so referred was entered. I call up that mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. ANCONA. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. DAWES. This motion is not debatable,
but 1 ask unanimous consent to make a statement.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAWES. 1 did not introduce that reso-
lution, but it was referied to the Committee of
Elections, and a motion to reconsider was entered
because that was the only way in which (hemat-
ter could be brought before the House inasmuch
as the Commiitee of Elections could not report it
back at any time. I would now like to have the
House consider the question whether they will
send these gentlemen back to Arkansas without
the slightest compensation or any recognition
whatever. The House rathersumniauly declined
to hear those gentlemen the other day. Theoihei
branch of Congress has paid the applicants to seats
in that branch their mileage; and 1 submit to the
House that if they lay this motion on the table
they will say to those three gentlemeh who havS
come here fr'om Arkansas that' yoU.wiiltlot recog-
nize them at all,but that you will rn.ake their
cases exceptions to tile principles which have
governed you in your miction on alt other cases;
I submit to the House tftat that is hjr^.ly) my
opinion, what we ought to do to those gentlemen*.
It will be a sad answer for them- to t&ke tiaek to '
their people. It may not be wise—Idi> not dia-
cuss that question here—to admit fhekn to" seats
upon this floor, but that is. not the questionbe-
fore the House. I should' exceedingly regret to
have them go back and say to their constituents
they had neither an opportunity to be heard nor
any recognition whatever here, and thit whife
the other branch of Congress paid the .claimants
there they could not have even that question
brought before the House.
Mr. SMITH,by unanimous consent, said: 1
introduced this resolution the other day to pay
to these gentlemen mileage and monthly pay from
the lime their credentials were presented. I thought
it just and fair that those gentltemen should be
heard before the House,'and that their claims for
compensation should be allowed as welt as thoso
of other gentlemen who had come here to con-
test seats, and who had presented credentials no
better than those held by these gentlemen 'from
Arkansas. It will be remembered that gentle-
men from Virginia appeared here wjthcredeiitials
not as good as theirs, and with no such vote as
these gentlemen from Arkansas! "brought with
them. Yet this House gave those Virginia claim-
ants their pay; and it has given pay to every con-
testant who has presented himself from any por-
tion of the country, whether he had sufficient
cause to come to Congress and contest a seat or
" The House will bear in mind that there has
been in that State an entire reorganization; that
a new constitution has been adopted; that they
have put in operation all the different branches
of a State government, and they are working to-
day. They have, according to the proclamation
of the President, according to the understanding
of the Government, and with the consent of the
Government, the whole machinery of their State.
There was a man here from Arkansas«t theearly
part of the session claiming a right to a seat,- and
he was refused a hearing before the committee of
the House, and he was sent back to Arkansas.
Under the new organization of the State govern-
ment that same man went before his district and
was elected by a larger majority than many mea
holding seats upon this floor obtained votes. _
These men came here in good faith, as Union
men, and as devotedly attached to the interests
of this Government as you or I or any other man
upon this floor; but at the close of the session
their case could not be well understood or fully
heard. They asked to be heard for fifteen minutes
before this House and that was refused. They
come now and ask you to give them mileage and
monthly pay for the two months they have been
here asking of this House their right to be rec-
ognized as Representatives from Arkansas. It
is wrong, I tell you members of the House of
Representatives, to send these men back without
that recognition which will enable them to say to
the Union people of Arkansas that they were
recognized by this great Government as part and
parcel of it. The people of this country have
spoken, and have spoken since this Congress waa
elected,and theUnion people of the country have
declared by a large and tremendous vote that
these people are recognized as patriots and should
be considered as within the fold of the Union and
not be kicked and buffeted about as outsiders.
There stand to-day in the Union Army from this
Slate as gallant bands of Union men as ever trod
God's footstool; men firm, undaunted, unyield-
ing in their devotion to theUnion. They have
answered to every demand of theUnion, and they
now claim here to be recognized as a part of the
Union element of the country. These men who
are here to-day have never submitted to the re-
bellion. They have been kicked and cuffed and
taunted and insulted and driven from theirhomes
time and again, and their families left they knew
not how nor where, and yet they are as true to :
the Union, the Constitution, and the Government
as any man who sits upon this floor, or as any
man anywhere in this whole country. It is a
duty which we owe to them and to ourselves; it
