1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tms
bo greatly loweicd. The money which now s-pentupon
it servos only ;i temporary purpose, and effect" no perma-
nent improvement in its matCriel. When the day of severe
retrenchment shall arrive it may be found t>till quartered m
a liited hotel and in hanack ships, and it will be vcty dif-
ficult to obtain an appropriation to place its establishment
upon a ?ub tanttal basis.
All the officials of the School with whom I have con-
verged have seemed to think it of great importance that it
should ictnrn to Annapolis at an early day.
T Ihmly believe that the rank our Navy will take here-
nft"r among the navie-c of the world will depend chiefly
upon the elhcicncy of it^tiaininj? school. Nautical skill is
no longer the sole' icquiremeut in a naval officer.
It' he is to compete with foreign officers be must be a
mnn of disciplined mind and scientific training, and to be
til Is he must seek knowledge with unswerving diligence,
aloof fiom the resorts ofguyety and luxurious pleasure.
The succeeding commandant of midshipmen at
the Naval Academy at Newport, after Captain
Rodgers was detached, was Captain Simpson,
now the commander of the Nantucket in Charles-
ton harbor. He was the assistant executive offi-
cerof the Academy fora year or two at Annapolis
before it was removed to Newport. I have a let-
ter from him of the same tenor as that winch I
have read from Captain Rodgers and that which
i shall read from the present Superintendent, Cap-
tain Fairfax, but I failed to bring it with me to
the Senate Chamber. And, sir, let me say heie,
that although my acquaintance with naval officers
is somewhat extensive, I have never seen and I
have heard of but one single naval officer who was
not in favor of returning the Academy to Annapolis
at the earliest possible moment.
I hold in my hand alettei from Captain Fair-
fax, who is known by reputation at least, if not
personally, to many of the Senatois piesent. lie
says:
NEWPORT, MaichS 1, 1S6-1.
DKARfcJin: The United States Naval Academj i< com-
posed oi two part*5, a contiacted hold, becoming veiy di-
lapidated, not at all adapted lot its puipo-es at the pioent
time, and the two school ships Santee and Constitution,
lynn? aciof-s the haibor, mooted to wharves on Goat island,
st'paiated by nea'i ly tlnoc louitb  of a mile, consuming val-
uable time passing to and 1'ro, both oi the line oflicots and
profo^ot-i. The >-!ii[j'i,tie,in my opinion, mi triable places
to Mudy. imagine on board of each ve-sel, ac was ike ease
at the commencement of the tei m, Ocloln r, 18(33, one hun-
died and Unity j oungstei-i promNcuou-.iy thrown together,
undie^ing ami die.->- ma together, no pi iv.icy \\ hnievcr, ail
sizes and disposition^, fioin the ILi^t and the West, living
in tins condition foi a \ ear and a hall and sometimes nearer
two jeais; and why? dimply bei-au^e the (pnmei-. on
.shme will not .idmit of moir ihan a half of our whole num-
ber. In mis state oi tbum-', with our in^tiuctois and the
line oiliceis living at thftcient pait^ot the city—'•oine a
mile from tiio Academy-—wu lose half or mote than half the
sci vices of ail in maintaining discipline. Olteu when ic-
({iiued thev cannot be lound,as they have no academic
hnsiis to live in. The trouble of Keeping the liUd-hipineii
within imairmary bounds is much greater than n eaviial
olwtvci would suppose. It is almost impowh!'' to keep
Uj) veiy fine discipline. The youngsteis on shipboard when
on libcity liom the icstiaints> of a week on hoaid a con-
fnied vessel—the only change a contiacted i-land. pi event-
ing nothing attiaetive to tlx; eye—-Ineak iluougb all pio-
pricltrs. The eilv lull ot yiog *-ii<ips and leu d giih, and
you mu^t remendiei it is imnnulactnnng place, f meiely
tell 3 on a few ot the di ad\antages, loi at this lime, unloi-
tunaudv, \ am pieced loi time.
/(the Academy not mow d ,-oon it will he nrcc\-.«:\iy to
make seveial impoitaut addition** tooni pie-'-ni .:ii;uii.rc-
menis to meet ihe niei>\iM' m mimheis oi iho-e \\ {lo ate oi
will be piopctly entitled to come iiom the .'ml al v
do numei oti«! t/>p,nf to orti pie -en t build ins; < M,e ; in pot t-
nnt leatuie that ought to betaken mtoeon-ideiaiion is the
want ot ho-pital loom—accommodation-, loi any>enou-l\
b*.ek. The qui stio'l i~.. w hat s|<ull w\ do ? Can u <• atlo.d
to build a new Aeadeim , oi will <.'ongre>-vdo n ^ If not. and
were thvjy di-po^ed to, bow long will tt take, ,;nd wlvi e io-
e.iti; it? Wo must take into e(ii>-i'ieiaii.ot) the ciimate. for
om wo>k Is prmcipallv dui imj the winter months Out
cxeici-.e.- in beam.mship, "Uimeiy, ainllery, and in'uutiy
tactic*, i eqint .• ont-doot \\ ot k. This climate t> too -evei e
and very t liai.^eable. j^o tar a < \ can •- ee notluns oih t i .-o
favoiahi'e as Annnp"h-; with, nentij all the ieqtu-.jt<> build
ing-\ line, latge gtouttd**, piopeilv inelo-ed, and awiiait
lieu to tnem to niooi \rvc|-,|i„ **iud\ or pi.i-tice—with
own tiling con* cnti 11«■ d s'llo tee Ar.uL'im rfiouud—all ol
out toice is available. I i,m-i . eveow ith me object ton able
smii/undiiiirs a'ow im* outot a huge Annv po-.f ,md paioled
pi horn i camp, out di-ciphno would !>e nnpiove.l at the
latiei pu->t; hnt With tne waluhawal ol ?iek and other sol-
dn.i-. AnnapoW-* could be lendered. with the lcastc\peiiN( ,
the most de-iiahle place lor a School, lain not actuated
by aiti lerling save ib.it oi the bestm'cte^t-ofthe Acaih-mv.
So lar a- I <an pei-onally eonceined, 1 va-tly piefer l.vmg
heie. Pot me it \\ ill < vei be (ii.-ta*-teiul mingling with any
of tlifiM* \\ bo ate inilueriecd by ^ombuiu seoimtial Itehug.
Von know mjr po-ilion as a .>lion<r Union man, and yet a
fcoulheinet b\ long hue ofanee-tiv. But my timestop-* me
het.; as The mail is about closing, «nd .Jreadj i have been
too long ate-wermg voui lettet
Very i espeetfully and trul>, I). M. FAIIIFAX.
Hon. Mr. Grimus. United States Senate.
I have also a letter from General Lockwood
of the United States Army, who was for many
years, and is at this time, one of the professors at
the Naval Academy, although detached for mili-
tary purposes, written on the 20th of last month.
He says:
Headquarters Middle Department,
Eighth Army Corps,
Baltimore, Maryland, March 2D, 1864.
Sir: Having been connected with the Naval Acadcmy
from its origin in 1845 till Apiil, 1861, when it was removed
to Newpoif, Rhode Island, in consequence of the bicaking
out of the lebelhon, and being still a piofessor in the United
Slates Navy, and naturally interested in its prosperity, I
am gratified to leain that an eiloit will probably be made,
during the present session of Congicss, to return the School
to Annapolis, which place I rcgatd as a far more suitable
location, foi the following icasons:
1. The mildness of the climate which enables out-door
exercises, so essential a leatureoi the course of instruction,
to be prosecuted one month longer in autumn and to be
resumed one month earlier in spung, thereby duplicating
the time devoted to these e.veici&esat the Academy.
2. The salubrity of the climate, it may appear siiange,
hut is nevetibeless true, established by experience, thatthe
pupils enjojed lar better health at Annapoih than they do
at Newport. Uring absent during tiie summer and early
autumn, the autumnal diseases, the only ones setiously af-
fecting the Chesapeake locality, aie not felt, and the ca-
tauhal and a-thmatic affections of the Noith arenotknown
to an) gieat extent in till* locality. The ratio of mortality
and some ea<es ot disease in the two plaecs, as shown by
the evpeiience of the Academy, ate as one to four.
3. E^qj'mse ot living. Thisi*. tound to be a sciious draw-
back at Newpott, felt not onh by the midshipmen, but by
the pioiessors, otiieois*, and emploj Cs, and rendering it ex-
tremely difficult lor either to live within their pay.
4. Discipline. Fiom a variety ot causes it is lound ex-
tremely difficult, yea impossible, to maintain a rigid disci-
pline at Newport. Among these causes may be named ihc
liilluences of lashion m a gay, and of eoriuption in a ninn-
ufai titling and seapott c uy, and the ready access of \tee
and liijuoi to the pupils in consequence oi the bariacks be-
ing within the city of Nevvpott.
o. hnpeifect aecommodattoip, as atTecting not only the
health and discipline, but ihe ttieihtief for instt uetion ; sop
araltng the School into lemote pait*<, and placing supenor
odiccis so iar icmovcd fiom the pupils that then influence
is hi a nuasute lost.
finally, bavin? tecently returned fiom the post at An-
napolis, and having as department commander catefully
inspected the buihimg>, &c.,ot the Naval Academy hospi-
tal, I am enabled to t-av po.-itiv^ly that a veiy email fiim
ot money would suffice ie«toie things theie to the s.!atn
quo ante helium; that the buildings \v iilun the Naval Acad-
emy walls aie not ab-olurc!) i« ijuned (<.n the ptesent wants
of the mthiaiy sei vice; thatthe St. John**? College build-
ings ate ptoiiounccd !>v the surgeons much better adapted
to and aie entuoly sudicieni tor the sick now there or ex-
pected ; that a'i> po -*>tblo <tef«ci'mcy e.tu be supplied bvhos-
pital tents, winch the tui<reon in chaige is now uung in
pieferencc to buddings, because heaveishis convalescent
patitntr- jecoM'r moie i.ipidly; thru Ihe coinmissaiv and
(planei master dep ntn.eiits aie now being tenioved withcut
the walls as ot moi e i eady access; ami that an expenditure
ot a lew bundled dollars will eoiistiuct whaiiage without
the wiim tru nituo convenient than that within.
1 have the honot to be, \eiv icspcctfullv, vour obedient
seiv.uit, Iii;xilY 11. LOCKWOOD,
lh igadicr C'cncial commani'iv* Departments
and J}rojri<;or United states Navy.
Hon. Ml. Grimi:s, United States Senate.
I have lead these letters to the Senate because
they weie written by men well known in their
profession and favoiably known to the general
public. They are from officers familiar with the
subject about which they write, each of them
heitip: now or having been ireently nUciched to the
Academy in an official ielation. They krowits
wants, its dangers, its oppottuuiiies. Each of the
letteis 1 ha\ e l <iad i« an ai ^umeut of il.seIf, and a
far bettt r one tlian i ctuiid make.
I have ee vei al other eomnuinicationti from naval
officers, all of the sann* U nor. They aie from men
who lidve been intimately conriected with the
Academy. They know its wants and its policy,
and the policy of the country. They are from men
of no paily and no secnon but the paity oi lheir
countiy. But I will not tJie up the time of the
Senate with reading. 1 believe, myself, that the
be*t interests of the Academy and of the service
icqniie that it should be removed at the eaihcst
possible day. 1 am not disposed, in consideration
"f what the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary AiTan x has said to me to-dny, to force it
back to Annapolis against the wishes of the War
Department at this time, although I have no doubt
that, as General Lockwood says, who was com-
mandant of this post at the time he wrote me this
letter, with a very small expenditure of money
the Array could be accommodated at Annapolis
without the walls quite as well as within them,
and then surrender the Academy grounds to the
Academy proper, i do not doubt that it oughtto
be removed to Annapolis at the beginning of the
next academic year.
All 1 want at present is to give both the War
and the Navy Departments to understand, and to
let the parents of the young men who are at the
Acadcmy understand, that it is not the policy of
this Government to keep the Academy where it
now is; that it is not' our policy to subject ^keir
eons and th^ir proteges to the temptations to which
they are now subjected at Newport; that it isrfOt
our policy to encourage them to put their sons
into the public service, arid then, after funiislnKg1
them temptations by which they will be allured
from the path of duty, ignominiously to dismiss
them from the public service because they have
yielded to those temptations. Having done my
duty, I leave the issue to the Senate.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President,if { hadinot
been aware of the intention of the Senator from
Iowa to bring forward this proposition I should
be surprised to meet it here upon an appropria-
tion bill. It has not been called for by the De-
partment, and we have no evidence before us that
the Department deems it advisable. Indeed, we
have strong negative evidence that the Department
is content with the Academy where it is,and has
no dispositiontoremoveit. If the location of the
Academy were fixed by law, if the President, or
Secretary of the Navy acting under him, had not
the power to remove it without the direction or the
assent of Congress, there might be a propriety in
conferring the authority, or even in indicating
the opinion of Congress on the subject. But no
such power on the part of theJDepartment is lack-
ing. The Academy is not afrd never has been
fixed by law in any place. In fact, it was not
created by any special law. Mr. Bancroft, when
he was Secretary of the Navy, wisely determined
that instead of instructing the midshipmen on
shipboard by professors, it would be better to
collect them at one place, to subjcct them all to
the same discipline, to giveall of them the advant-
ages of all the professors, and to subject them ail
to the healthful stimulus of associated study and
generous competition. With no other authority
than what he found in existing statutes, he car-
ried his project into execution, and collected the
young gentlemen at Annapolis, where he organ-
ized a plan of instruction and discipline. The
measure met with the approbation of Congress,
and appropriations were made for larger instruc-
tion, for wider range of study, and for comforta-
ble and convenient accommodations for the pupils
and their professors. Thus started and thus grew
up theNavalAcademy,whichisdoingfortheNav}r
what West Point has done for the Army, which
has taken such a strong hold on the public re-
gard, and to which to-day thousands of promis- «
ing young men are looking as the goal of their
young ambition and the stalling point of their
manly career.
When the rebellion broke out and a mob of
armed traitors attempted to seize the Academy
and to destroy the old ship Constitution, the
Academy was hastily and not without much dan-
ger removed to Newport. An arrangement was
made between the Secretary of the Navy and the
Secretary of War for the occupation of Fort Ad-
ams by the Acadcmy, and in this arrangement
the Senator from Iowa was largely instrumental.
Fort Adams was found to be inadequate for the
comfortable accommodation of the pupils, and
they were transferred to the Atlantic House, a
great hotel, with large, airy rooms, beautifully
situated, in one of the healthiest places in the
woi Jd.
Now, whenever it is found that Newport is
less desirable than Annapolis or than any other
place for the Acadcmy, the Secretary has the same
power to remove it that lie had to establish it ori-
ginally at Annapolis and that he had to remove it
from Annapolis to Newport. Certainly the Sec-
retary, with the advice of the officers of the Acad-
emy and with the counsel of the Navy at his com-
mand, is better qualified to judge than we can be
here of the necessity of the change. We might
as well direct him where he shall build his ships,
how he shall make up his fleets and squadrons,
what vessels he shall station on the Atlantic, what
in the Gulf, and whom he shall detail to command
them, as to interfere in this matter of executive
business. Surely the Secretary can be trusted
in this matter, as he is in affairs of equal import-
ance in his Department; and it seems to me that
it is hatdly respectful toward him and toward the
President thus to direct him in a matter where he
has full power and which he necessarily must
understand better than most of us can.
The argument of the Senator from Iowa is
directed not against Newport but against re-
taining the Academy in a building where there la
