S518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
is a duty which we owe to. the future of our coun-
try; it Is a duty which we owe to our children to
recognize and sustain them. 1 hope the resolu-
tion will not be laid pn the table-
Mr. BLAIR; I ask the unanimous consent of
the'House, to be heard upon this question for a
few minutes.
. No objection was mad,©..
Ml. BlAIR. t desire to say a word or two,
ill cohiiectton with this resolution, in relation to
the vote I gave the other day on the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Lest it might be supposed from the vote that I
gave* to lay that resolution on the table that I was
oppose^ then or am opposed now to admitting
these gejnilefrien to seats here, 1 desire to say that
1 was in ftvojr then and am in favor now of ad-
mitting them to seats here as Representatives from
the State, of Arkansas. What motives may have
governed others in the votes they gave on that
occasion I am not able to say, but so far as I am
concerned, I wish to repeat that I was in favor of
their admission, and voted to lay that resolution
upon the table from the fact that I believed and
thought then and do still believe and think thatit
was a direct insult to the loyal people of the State
to talk about sending commissioners down there.
How is this Union ever to be restored if we con-
tinue to treat the people of these so-called seceded
States in the manner in which we have treated
them in the States of Arkansas and Virginia?
For one I am at a loss to conceive. I had sup-
posed that it was our duty to foster, chcrish, and
encourage all the Union elements that might be
found to exist in any of the seceding States. I
believe that that is the true policy of the Govern-
ment and that it ought to be the policy of this
and of succeeding Congresses.
Now, these people down in Arkansas, as was
well said by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Smith,} have suffered everything in the Union
cause, and it does seem to me that the people of
the loyal States will never fully appreciate the po-
sition of such people until they go down into the
border States where this war is raging and expe-
rience some of the daily and hourly suftVnngs
which these men have experienced. Until then
they will never be able to appreciate what it costs
a man in those States to be a loyal man.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflliinois. I understand
that this is a proposition to pay these men their
mileage.
Mr. BLAIR. That is the proposition.
Mr. WASI-IRURNE, of Illinois. 1 desire to
know then how their case differs from that of Col-
onel Fields, who came here as a Representative
from Louisiana? The House voted as I did, to
pay him $1,500. I believe that all the membeis
upon theothersideofthc House voted to pay him,
and although it was determined that he had no
right to a seat here we voted him that amount to
pay his expenses. 1 want to know in what re-
spect these cases differ from that of Colonel
Fields?
Mr  BLAIR. I am not able to say.
Mr. DAWES. Iff may be allowed, I might
tell the difference. It is just this: the gentleman
from Louisiana had but four or five hundred votes
and these men had about as many thousand.
That is the only distinction.
A Member. Is there any evidence of that
here?
Mr, DEMlNGr. I object to further debate on
this question.
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent has been
given to the gentleman from West Virginia [Mr.
Blair) to speak.
Mr. BLAIR. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] has given to thegentleman from
Illinois JMr. Washbukne] the information he de-
sires. f hese men, I understand, have certificates
that they were duly elected as members of this
House to represent their respective distncts in
the State of Arkansas. What reason can this
House give for rejecting this resolution ?
I was about to say that it does seem impossi-
ble for northern men to fully appreciate the con-
dition of those who hve in the seceded States, 1
who are Union men, and who have waded through
fire and blood to prove their loyalty. In the riorth-
ern States men can hardly be anything else than
Union men, while in the southern States Union
men are persecuted from day to day and ha've to
sacrifice everything for their principles. Ifwc do
not encourage such men, if we turn them back
and refuse to recognize them, how can we expect
to have any Union sentiment in the southern
States? I hope that justice will be done to these
m£n; that their loyalty will be properly recog-
nized, and that this resolution will be adopted.
Mr. ASHLEY. I object to any more perform-
ances of this sort, [laughter,] and call for tellers
on the motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blair and
Ashley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 50; noes 43.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. SMITH. I inquire of the Chair whether
the resolution goes back to the Committee of
Elections?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is there.
Mr. SMITH. I would inquire further whether
if the committee do not report till nextsession of
Congress, and then report favorably, these men
will then be entitled to draw their mileage and
per diem for that session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
that will depend entirely on the action of the
House at next session when the Committee of
Elections shall be called, or at this session if it
should be prolonged and the committee should be
called again and report back the resolution. It
will be in the power of the House to amend, re-
ject, or adopt it.
REBELLIOUS STATES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 244)
to guaranty to ceitain States whose governments
have been overthrown a republican form of gov-
ernment.
The amendment of the Senate was in the form
of a substitute for the House bill, declaring that
where the inhabitants of any State have been
declared in a state of insurrection' against the
United States by .proclamation of the President,
by force and virtue of the act to provide for the
collection of duties and imposts, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 13, X8G1, they are incapa-
ble of casting any vote for electors of President
or Vice President of the United States, or of
electing Senators or Representatives in Congress
until such insurrection in such States is sup-
pressed or abandoned, and until the inhabitants
have returned to their obedience to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and until such return
to obedience shall be declared by proclamation
of the President issued by virtue of an act of
Congress hereafter to be passed authorizing the
same.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland.' I move that the
House non-concur in the Senate amendment and
ask for a committee of conference. .
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better con-
cur. It is one good thing to get, if we cannot
get anything else.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It will be for the
committee of conference to see whether we can-
not get better.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not want to have electors
sent from Arkansas to the next presidential elec-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDING called for tellers on the motion
to concur.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 42, noes 51.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. i move to lay the Senate
amendments on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order, but
the Chair wiil state that it will carry the whole
bill with it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is what I desire.
Upon the motion to lay on the table 38 voted in
the affirmative and 41 in the negative; no quorum.
Mr. ELDRlDGEdemanded theyeasuudnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 42, nays 65, not voting- 75;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, Blair, Bliss,
Brooks, James S. Brown, Dcnison, Edgerton, Bldndge,
English, Ganson, Grlswold, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris,
Charles M. Harris, William Johnson, Knapp, Law, Long,
Marcy, McAllister, Middieton,William R. Miller, James It.
Morris, Nelson, Noble, John O'Neill, OdeJf, Patterson,
Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. KandaJl, Robinson, Ross, Snutiij William G. Steele,
Stiles, Wadsworth, Wlialey, Wheeler, and Chilton A.
White—4-2. *
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine,Boutwell. Boyd,
Cobb, CofTroth, Coie, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Daw-
son, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Priggs, Eekley, Eliot,
Frank, Garfield, Gooeh, Higby, Hotchki'ss, Amabel VV. Hub-'
bard, John H, Hubbaid, Hniburdjlntfer^oil, Julian, Lmle-
john, Loan, Loncyear,MeBride,McC!urff, Moorheail, Mor-
rill, Daniel Moms, Amos Myers, Leonard Mvcrs, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Edvvaid IL Rollins, Selienck. Scotield, Shannon,
Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, Stevens, Tiae.v, UpsOn, Van
Valkenburgh,ElihuB. Washbume, William B.Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, and Windoni—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, Anderson,
BaiJy Augustus C. Baldwin, Blow, Brandeffce, Broomal!,
William G. Brown, Chanter, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke,Clay, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Thomas T. Davis,
Dumont, Eden, Farnsworth, Fenton, Finck, Grider, Gnn-
nell, Hale, Hall, Harrington, Derrick, Holman, Hooper,
Hutehins, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Kalbfietseh, Kasson,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Oilando Kellogg, Kernan,
King, Knox, Lazear, Lo Blond, Mallory, Marvin, Mc-
Dowell, Mclndoe, McKinney, Samuel F. Miller, Mormon,
Perry, Pike, Pomeioy, Price, Rogers, James S. Rollins,
Scott, Starr, Stebbins, John B. Steele, Strouse, Stuart,
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Voorhees, Ward, Webster, Jo-
seph VV. White, Wilson, Wmfield, Benjamin Wood, Fer-
nando Wood, Woodbudge', and Yeaman—75.
So the Senate amendments were not laid on the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HALE stated that he had paired on all
political questions with Mr. Kalbfleisch.
Mr. BLAIR. Is a motion to postpone in order?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
not seconded a motion to postpone will then be
in order.
On seconding the demand for the* previous
question 49 voted in the affirmative and 21 in the
negative; no quorum.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Nelson, and Davis of Maryland.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes fifty-seven, a further count not
being demanded.
So the nievious question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
On the question of the. House insisting on its
disagreement and asking a committee of confer-
ence 53 voted in the affirmative and 20 in the neg-
ative; no quorum.
The SPEAKER orderedtellers; and appointed
Messrs. Norton and C. A. White.
The House Hgain divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 42.
So the House determined to ask a conference
with the Senate on the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which a conference was asked
for; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CARMACK AND RAMSAY.
Mr. ALLEY, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the joint resolution of the House (No. 11) in re-
lation to the claim of Carmack & Ramsay, re-
ported that tiie committee had met, and after full
and free conference had found'themselves unable
to agree.
Mr. HALE. I move that the House further
insist upon us disagreement to the amendment of
the Senate and ask for another conference on the
joint resolution.
Mr, ALLEY. I do hope that motion will not
prevail. The Senate were unanimous in insist-
ing on their amendment, and it is useless to waste
.further time m regard to the matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before the
House disposes of this matter, I hope it will un-
derstand what will be the effect of its action. I
understand that unless this biii passes the Gov-
ernment will feel itself instructed to pay out of
I the Treasury to these parties a vury large sumof
I money.
| Mr. HALE. Unless this resolution passes 1
} understand the First Comptroller has declared his
j intention to pay to these parties a very large sum
I of money.
I Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Exactly; and
j this joint isolation is to prevent it.
Mr, HALE. Yes, air.
