2542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
nan, late consul to Hong Kong, China; when the
Speaker signed the same.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague, Mr. Brown, for ten days, on ac-
count of sickness.
Leave tvas granted; and then,on motion of Mr,
MALLORY,(at ten minutes past five o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE. ,
Saturday, May 28, 18G4.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I move that the further reading
of the Journal be dispensed with. "I do not see
any use in reading it, as no attention is paid to it.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may bo dis-
pensed with 'by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. The Chair heart; no objection. Petitions
and memorials are in order.
Mr. WADE. As there sceni to be no petitions
or memorial?, i move to take up Senate joint res-
olution No. 57.
The PRE SI DENT pro tempore,. If there are no
petitions, reports from committees are next in
order.
lUSrOUTrf FRO31 COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN., from tho Committee on Ag-
riculture, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
34G) for the relief of Dr. Olmiles M. Wetheiill,
asked to be discharged from us further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Claims*, which was ai^ieed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. ThePresident of the Uni-
ted States some time since communicated a mes-
sage to the Senate accompanied by a icport from
Hon. Joseph A. Wright, in relation to tho Inter-
national Agricultuial Exhibition a! Hamburg, in
18(52, which was referred (o the Committee on
A^ricullnre.,. There is nothing in it to ho acted
upon by Congress except a eiitim made on be-
half of Governor Wright, our late fellow .Sena-
tor. It is suggested by the Piesidenf that ho
should be paid for his sei vices. I therefore move
that it be refened to the Committee on Claims*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, I3 unreport,
or in tho, nature of n petition?
Mv. SHERMAN. Rather in the nature of a
fetition. The message is now lynn? on the table.
mo#e that it be teferred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. lIRNIMtiCfCS. I think it should go to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SH ERM AN. It is in the nature of a
claim. I do not enre which committee it goe.-; to;
the Senator can >ay whicht vei he chooses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will 1 >0 re-
ferred to tho (-nmmitter on {'l.mrw.
Mr. MQRIUIJ,, from the Committee on (Join- j
merct-, to whom wa'! relVned a hit! (S. No.
in addition to the several a<**.s concerning com- |
mereial mtercour;e hi tween loynl and insurrec-
tionary States', and to provide for tin* collection
of captured and abandoned propel ty, and the pre-
vention of frauds in States deeiaied in msuirec-
tion, reported it with amendments.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC lUhL. |
Mr. SHERMAN, i desire to present Ihefol- j
lowing repyiL ftom the committee r,f conference !
on the civil and diplomatic appiopriution bill: i
The committee of eouteronee 0:1 the di^a^i cemy \ <>te> of •
the two Houses on the hi 11 (II it. No. -10) ennilui "An j
act nialcui': uppjopuauon- foj the consular and diplomatic j
of the (ioveinnicnt lot the\cai endue? the oUih j
otJune, IHm, and foi otlnr piopo-ieV havingnn't. .met a i
full and lit r voii'k'icjk e it.u t uiiierd t<  rceoniUK nd and do
recommend to tin-it r<v-pccti\e Iluiw>}d> !ollo\v-. !
Thai the !Iou>e recede hem its di-it^tcaueat to ihe «*ec- ,
onti amendment of ihe Senate, and a^iee to ilie^aiae uiih 1
the ioilow unj amendment-:
Strike outUu, woub '• iwentv-iive" and ni&eitthc wo id 1
'• thirteen.
 Sfiik<- nut the word •< pupil-,'* and iihsjiI the word
"cletk? >'
Tiia: the llou-v.' agree to tho twenty-eighth amendment
Of tilt fM'ii.U''. " j
, That (to- Senateieeede ftnm all tin-twenty-ninth amend- !
went .ui-'i lue eiuding clause, and that the following he i
inserted in ll« U th«*j eot : j
"That U.e fie-uk-nt he.and h lieu by, authoiized. when- j
ever he dhaU think the public good will be promoted there-
by, to appoint consular cleikf, not exceeding thirteen in 1
number uiany one time, who ,-hall be citizens ot'the Uni- !
ted States and o<pr eighteen years of ago at the time of
their appointment, nnd shail he entitled tocompen&ation for
their services respectively at a rate not exceeding .$1,'000
per annum, to be determined by the President; and to as-
sign such clerks, from time to time, to such consulates and
with such duties aa lie shall direct; and befoie tin;appoint-
ment of any such cletk shall be made it shall be satisfacto-
rily shown to the Secretary of State, after due examination
and report by an examining board, that the applicant id
qualified and fit tor the duties to which he shall be assigned,
and fcuch report shall be laid before the President; and no
clcik so appomterLfhaiibe removed from oflicc except foi
eautso Mated in writing, winch shall he submitted to Con-
gress at the session first following such removal."
That the Senate recede from its thirtieth amendment,
after tlie enacting clause, and that the loliowing section be
inseited in lieu thereof:
u That an envoy extraordinary and minister plenipoten-
tiary, appointed at any place where the United States are
now ri'piosented by a minister resident, shall receive the
compensation fixed by law and appiopiiated lot a minister
lesident. and no more. "
That the House recede from its amendment to the thirty-
first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
CHARLES SUMNER,
E. I) MORGAN",
Manage is 011 the pint of (he Senate,
JOHN A. KASSON,
J. W. PATTIORSON,
Managers on the puit oj ihe House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are one or two
amendments there referred to in that report which
I do not understand. I should like to have an
explanation of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendmentsconcurred
in by the House of Representatives are the amend-
ments in regard to the consulates. They were
disagreed to, and are now concurred in by the
House. The House objected to the amendment
of the Senate in regard to the appointment of
twenty-five consular pupils, and in this report it
is modified so as to provide, lor the pie,sent, for
thirteen consular cleiks to be examined in the
mode provided for by the law of ls36. The pro-
visions of that law wihh refficiice to those pupils
ate irtamed, except that they are now called con-
sul,u cleiks instead of pupils. J think 'hat is the
only e.han:;e in that ie.spe< t.
fn rt ^aid to the minister at ])i tinsels, the com-
mittee .struck out tlu? amendment of tho Senate
and inseited simply a provision that whenever
the President shall appoint a minister plenipoten-
tiary at a court wln-re we now have a minister
resident, the effect of such an appointment shall
not be to increase the salary. Under the law lis
it stands, the law of ItSoG, he may appoint a min-
ister plenipotentiary at any of the courts of the
world; thoie is no limit upon his powei; but the
effect of such an appointment would be to in-
crease. hit-i salary. The only effect of the amend-
ment u.-j pi oposed by t lie committee of conference
is, that jn ease the President does exercise this
power, it shall not have tho effect of raising the
salary beyond the present pay of a minister resi-
dent.
Mr. FlfiSHENUEN. That is not exactly, ac-
cording to my recollection, as itstands with refer-
ence to the powei of the President.
Mr. SilKRMAN. Theio is no doubt about it.
Mi. I should like to have the
repoit lie on the table nntil 1 can look into it. I
have had the impression that the salaries of the
otlieers at those dilleient places was defined in
eveiy case by the statute.
Mi. HL1KUMAN. hi the law of 1855, called
the Pei kins law, the salary was defined at differ-
ent places; but in the law of ld>6, winch js now
the law of the (and, the walaiy js fixed by tiie
grade. Our ministers plenipotcntiiuy to Eng-
land nnd France receive $17,500; in other places
$10,000; and then the pay of a minister resident is
fixed at three fourths of the pay of a minister
plenipotentiaiy; but the pay is not fixed to the
court or place where he is assigned. We examined
the law very caielullv, and 1 think if the Senator
will look at it he will find it is very clear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have an
opportunity to look at it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Docs the Sen-
ator move the postponeme-tu of the report?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it He 011 the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to its
postponement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lie on
the table, if there be no objection.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 should liketo make an in-
quiry of the Senator from Ohio. An error oc-
curred in the engrossment of the bill after it
passed the Senate, to which my attention has
since been called, by which two amendments for
consulates in Canada were omitted.
Mr. SHERMAN, i am told it is corrected in
that respect. The conferees on the part of the
House examined it, and said it was correct.
Mr. MORRILL. As the report is to lie over
I will look into it.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently said: I will ask
to have the vote taken on adopting the repoit of
the committee of conference on the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill. I understand the
Seoatoi from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] has no
objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be no
objection, that subject will be considered as before
the Senate, and the question is on concurring in
the report of the committee of conference.
The report was concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mi. HENDRICKS. I move to suspend all
prior orders with a view of taking up Senate joint
resolution No. 8.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore*. The Chair
will first finish receiving reports from committees.
Reports aie .still in oider.
3VIr. WADE, (after a pause.) If there are no
other reports 1 move to take up the unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate postpone all
piior ordeis and proceed to the consideiation of
the joint resolution indicated by him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Does not my motion
come up first ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that it does not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Was it not in order to
make the motion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was no
nunc in older than the fiist motion'of the Sena-
tor fioin Ohio, which was made prior to the mo-
tion of tlie Senator front Indiana anu postponed
foi thesame reason, that report^ from committees
were fust in order.
Air. D00L1TTLE. Are not joint resolutions
next in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not by the
rule. The whole matter is under the control of
the Senate.
Air. DOOLITTLE. I dewiio to offer a joint
resolution foi reference merely.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was agreed to.
FRENCH OCCUPATION OF MEXICO.
Mr. Mc DOUG ALL. With the consent of the
Senator from Ohio, I submit the following ieso-
lution, upon which 1 do not ask present consid-
eration :
Iic$oln'<!, That the (,'ommMtee on Furetyn Ri laiioi^ tie
dt-eluug'-d imm the Ciirlhei cosi-uleiatioa of ihe joint ics-
olntion lel.itive 10 the MilMitiition of monarchical I01 te-
pnhhean rnment in Mexico,undci Hmopoaii auspices ;
tlie simc being Ilouwe resolution No.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that resolution lie over.
Air. McDOUGALL. Ceitainly; I do not ask
for its present consideration.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. It will lie over
under the lule.'
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. No. GO) tendering the thanks of Con-
gress, and for the presentation of a medal, to
Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Haily, of the fourth
regiment Wisconsin volunteers; which was read
twice by its title. - *
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire the joint resolu-
tion to lie on the table for the piesent. I shall
make a motion to refer it to the Committee on
Military Allans and the Militia on Monday mm n~
mg, but previous to doing so I desire to make a
statement w regard to it.
The joint resolution was ordered to lie on tlie
table.
"VOTING IN WASHINGTON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(S. No. 57) to amend the charter of the city of
Washington; the pending question being on the
amendment of Mr. Willey to the amendment
