1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
insufficient protection from outside influences,
where discipline is not so easily maintained, and
where the distractions from study are numerous
and strong. Thatisto say, there should be large
andpermanentaccommodationserected. No one
will deny this. The question is, where shall they
be erected? For we have notsuch buildings now
at Newport or at Annapolis, The buildings at
Annapolis were insufficient for the accommoda-
tion of one hundred and eighty pupils. Some of
.them were obliged to live on shipboard. The
Schoolhas now increased to four hundred. Every
man familiar with building can tell something of
the relative cost of repairing and enlarging and
adapting old buildings and of constructing new
ones on the most improved plans and with all the
advantagesofexperience. Every one knows, too,
thecomparative value of the two when completed.
The entirely new building is generally the cheap-
est and always the best. A man who repairs and
enlarges an old house almostalways wishes, when
it is finished, that he had laid the foundation of a
new one. The accommodations that have been
erected a little at a time and patched the new upon
the old for the accommodation of one hundred and
eighty pupils, cannot be profitably stietehcd out
for four hundred. The wisest plan would be to
erectentirely new ones, even if they should be built
atAnnapolis. Not only the large numberofpupils
but the larger range of study, the expansion of the
whole system demands this. Moreover, the build-
ings at Annapolis, erected originally upon the site
of a military fort, are now occupied and needed
for military purposes, for hospitals, and for other
purposes. Thecorps ofGencral Bumside, which
is to be recruited up to fifty thousand, and winch,
I understand, has already readied about foi ty-fivc
thousand men, is to be organized at Annnpohs.
Other military expeditious will doubtless be
formed at that point,and nt this time,and so long
as the war may last, the Government property at
Annapolis will doubtless be more valuable for
military purposes than for the education of naval
officers.
Now, when we deduct from the $800,000 esti-
mated by the Senator from Iowa to have been
expended at Annapolis—and 1 think the estimate
a huge one—the amount that has been paid for
property worn out and useless, the amount rep-
resented by movable property that would be as
valuableat Newport ns at Annapolis, theamount
that would be as valuable for military as for naval
purposes, I have no question that the balance
is not equal in value to that of the island which
the city of Newport has offered a free gift to (he
Government for the site of the Academy. On the
ground of economy, therefore, nothing is to be
gained by removing the Academy, ft may then
be treated as an original question whether New-
port or Annapolin be the most desirable place for
the institution. Andalthough I am not unwilling
to discuss this question, and although i have no
doubt where the balance of advantage would be
found, I submit that Congress ought not to be sat-
isfied, that the country will not be satisfied, with
anything short of a full examination by a com-
petent board of officers. If this amendment pre-
vails, the place of the Academy will for the first
time be fixed by law. The discretion of the Ex-
ecutive to locate it will for the first time be taken
from him,and we shall assume the grave respons-
ibility of ordering the Academy to be removed,
when there may be the strongest reasons, military
or naval, or both, why it should be retained, for the
present, at least, where it is. Now, 1 ask Sena-
tors if they are prepared to do this; if they have
sufficiently informed themselves on the subject
to be Juady to take it out of the hands of the Sec-
retary. I am willing that there should be a p's-
olution of inquiry, i am willing that an inquiry
should be made by a board of officers; butl pro-
test against making the change without inquiry,
and compelling it withoutleaving anything to the
discretion of the Secretary, If i"t b<; true that all
the officers of the Navy are in favor of it, as all
of those whom my friend from Iowa has consulted
appear to be—I know some who are not  
Mr. GRIMES. Who?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not think that the pres-
ent bupurintendent of the Academy is in favor of
removing it.
Mr. GRIMES. He was here last week, and
expressed himself much stronger in conversation
with me than he did in his letter which I read.
Mr. ANTHONY. The letter of Commodore
Blake only wentto show the disadvantages of hav-
ing the Academy in a hotel and (he importance
of having permanent accommodations.
Mr. GfRIMES. I will state to the Senator that
he expressed himself to me—and I state it here
publicly, so that he may see it in print—much
stronger in conversation than he has in his letter
in favor of the removal.
Mr. ANTHONY. But in his letter he does not
express himself in favor of a removal from New-
port 
Mr. GRIMES. Then I will put it in other
words. He expressed himself to me in favor of
the removal in the most unqualified terms.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I dare say he ex-
pressed himself in favor of the removal because
he 
Mr. GRIMES. The question I asked the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island was, who were the officers
who expressed themselves in favor of retaining the
Academy atNewport. I stated that lknew of one,
and only one. I can give him the name of the one.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 think two of the board
of examination, at the last examination but one,
were in favor of its being retained atNewport.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think thereoortso shows.
Mr. GRIMES. The report shows that no one
of them was in favor of retaining it; but Commo-
dore Sands—I have his report here, and he said
only:
<'ln the mam I concur in the views piesentcd by the
foiegomg lepoir, but lespeetfully take leave to diluent fiom
'.lint pot lion ol it which wmiU! sfam to icflpet on the mo-
tives and enniiurt of members of Congress who by law are
authorized to olh'r candidates tor examination." * *
4 * ''Fuithcr, the present junetuie ol aflnirs having
tendered it necessary to remove the Naval Acadcn.y to
Newpoit, llliode M.ukI, the suggestion that it be rettuned
to Annaj)oliri,at any nue lor ssoine nine to come,H uncalled
toi."
He said the suggestion of his associates was
uncalled for, not that he was for it or against it.
The other members of the board were Commo-
doies Stnbhng, Glynn, Hudson, Wilkes, and
llarwood, and nil in favor of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It cannot have escaped the
notice of the Senate that every letter that was lead
fiom naval office is by the Senator from Iowa fa-
vored the removal of the Academy not from New-
port to Annapolis but from insufficient to sufficient
accommodations; and becmi.-o there were sufficient
accommodations for one hundred and eighty pu-
pils only at Annapolis, some of them favor that
location. J listened attentively to the letu is lead
by the Senator from Iowa, and (herof was noth-
ing in them from which it could be inferred that
proper accommodations at Newport would not be
as good as pioper accommodations at Annap-
olis, except the climate. 1 never expected to liav e
to stand up here and defend the climate of New-
poi t.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objections wore as
to the health, the society, the exposure to tempt-
ation.
Air. ANTHONY. That mote pupils out of
the number of four hundred have died atNew-
port than died at Annapolis m the same period
out of the number of one hundred and fifty or one
hundred and eighty may be very true.
Mi. GRIMES. No, sir. General Lockwood
gives us the exact figures, and lie says that the
proportion was as one to four.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not believe there is
upon the face of the eatth a place where there is
greater hoalthfulncss or greater longevity than
Newport. Nobody thinks of dying there under
eighty-five, and when a man dies at sixty they
speak of him as a promising young man, and if
he dies at seventy-live he is " cut oil' in the prune
of his life." It is true there was a little dis-
ease there last summer, to which I suppose the
allusion is made, a sort of summer complaint,
that frightened some people, and the newspapers,
I think, feeling rather proud that they could get
up a sickness at Newport, which tiiey had never
had there before, made a good deal moie of it
than the facts justified. It is, Mr. President—and
for that I would appeal to the vital statistics—as
healthy a place as there is in the country or in the
world. Nor can I agree with the Senator from
Iowa that out-door exercises can be continued
one month longer in the fall and commenced one
month earlier in the spring at Annapolis than at
Newport.
Mr. GRIMES. Thatis not my statement, but
the statement of the commandant of the midship-
men who has been commandant at both places,
Captain Rodgers.
Mr. ANTHONY. Idonotthink thatout-door
exercises need be interrupted for two months of
the whole year at Newport.
Mr. GRIMES. I am not the author of the
statement. It comes from a gentleman who has
had experience at both places.
Mr. ANTHONY. As to the present condition
of Annapolis for military purposes, and its value
for a military depot; as to the serious inconven-
ience and the large expense that would be occa-
sioned by surrendering it to the Academy; as to
the effect of carrying on the Academy in the midst
of a vast camp, surrounded by all the influences of
a great military organization, and especially of an
organization composed largely of fresh recruits,
I hope we shall hear from the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs. I am confident*
from the enlightened and enlarged view which he
takes of our combined military and naval neces-
sities, he will not favor this proposition, at least
not till the war is over.
If there be nothing gained on the ground of
economy by leturning the Academy to Annapolis,
and if the two harbors are to be estimated on their
respective merits, I have no apprehension that the
change will be made. If I were speaking to na-
val men, to experienced mariners, in any part of
the world, I should think it a work of the bald-
est supererogation to extol the harbor of New-
port. It has been celebrated for its unsurpassed,
in some respects its unrivaled excellences, ever
since Jt was discovered. I have had occasion be-
fore, in this Chamber, to recapitulate some of
them. Its great depth of water; its capacious size,
large enough for a fleet to maneuver under sail;
its great facility of access; its abundantsupplyof
fresh water; its excellent anchorage, "perfectly
safe"—-I quote from the report of the commis-
sion of 1830—u from winds, waves, storms, or
floating ice;" its facilities for rapid communica-
tion with a dense population, skilled in mechan-
ical pursuits, and of martial character; the re-
markable salubiity of its climate—all commend
it for naval purposes. Cortiers Harbor island,
which the city of Newport has tendered to the.
Government a free gift for the Academy, is a
small island of about one hundred acres in ex-
tent, well diversified. It contains a plain of
twelve acres admirably calculated for purposes
of drill. It is connected with the mainland of
Rhode Island by a causeway which can beclosed
by a gate, giving to the site theadvantages of iso-
lation and of free communication. The water is
so deep that a line-of-battle ship can lie along-
side. The situation is very healthy. The value
of this island I think has been estimated at about
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. And that,
in my judgment, is more than the value of the
property which the Government would neces-
sauly abandon in giving up Annapolis.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the price of land on
the mainland adjacent?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know. It dou-
bles every mouth or two. This wasestimated at
$250,000 when my colleague and myself were at
Newport about six months ago.
Mr. GRIMES, Admiral Davis, I think, in a
conversation with mo the other day, told me that
when he was there the land adjacent on themain-
laiid was worth $100 an acre. 1 suppose thein-
sular position of this tiact gives it an-additional
value.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is a building upon
iuhat is about as suitable for the purposes of the
Naval Academy as the buildings at Annapolis.
Mr. GRIMES. A poor-house?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, a }) DOr-ljQiKIC. Wc
have good poor-houses in our country. The Sen-
ator from Iowa referred to one other objection
against having the Academy at Newport; and
that is the superior economy of living at Annap-
olis. If the Academy be sent back to Annapolis,
it will be found that the cost of living there now
is greater than it was before the removal. One
of the professors of the Academy said to a friend
of mine that the opportunity of giving to his chil-
dren as good an education as the country could
afford, and without cost, in the free schools of
Newport, more than balanced the difference in
the expense of living between Annapolis andNew-
