1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had taken refuge in the Union armies, or had been
conscripted by the rebels, before it went into op-
eration. Nevertheless the Governor was so suc-
cessful as to organize about seven thousand troops
under that law, which as it was passed contained
a. form of a pledge that they were to be for the
defense of the State. What has resulted? That
pledge has turned out to be a delusion. These
seven thousand troops thus raised under pledges
of form at least that they should be held in the
State for her protection, some weeks since were
ordered, every man of them, outof the State into
other fields of service, and the whole State has
been left entirely destitute of any defense, except
a few straggling regiments and corps from other
States. The Governor has recently recommend-
ed and I believe the Legislature has passed a bill
authorizing the raising upon State authority of a
body of five thousand militia for her defense. I
greatly regret that that description of force was
not resorted to earlier, two or three years ago,
and that a much larger force was not then organ-
ized. If such a measure had been adopted the
defenses of the State would have been much more
effective than they have proved to be under the
patronage and control of the General Govern-
ment.
Now, sir, our State is limited in its wealth and
resources. Its revenues especially are limited and
it wants all of its means, all of its available re-
sources for the purpose of enabling it in this day
of its trouble and of its abandonment by the Gen-
eral Government to raise its force for its own
defense; and while it is in this strait the United
States is its debtor for money advanced by the
State on account of the General Government to
the amount of about three hundred thousand dol-
lars as long ago as between two and three years.
Two years since, and from that time up to the last
session of Congress, Kentucky was sending her
special agents here from time to time, importuning
and almost dogging the Government of the United
States for a Settlement of her accounts and the pay-
ment of this balance to her, that it might thus be
appropriated to her own defense and incidentally to
the common defense. Her Governor came here the
winter before last in peison, and imp^gtuned the
Piesidentday after day for a settlement and the
pnymontof this balance, that it might receive the
diiection I have indicated in its expenditure; but
he was unable to get a settlement. The matter
remains in the same condition still. She has asked
the President in vain for that settlement. It has
never been conceded to her, and docs not seem
likely to be in any reasonable time.
For the purpose of having a settlement of the
account of the State against "the United States,
and of having a settlement and adjustment of the
claims which her citizens have against the Gov-
ernment for use, appropriation, and damage to the
property by the authorities of the United States,
I now give notice that I shall ask leave to intro-
duce a bill at an early day embracing both these ob-
jects,and I will appeal to the justice of the Senate
to pass the measure after this'iong delay. Surely,
sir, if there ever was a claim against the Govern-
ment under any state of case that demanded a fa-
vorable consideration it is these claims of Ken-
tucky as a State and of her citizens against the
United States; while other States have been alio wed
by tiie Treasury ofEceis, and by special acts of
Congress, large amounts for both classes of claims.
She has perscveringly from the beginning of the
war been denied the privilege to raise militia to be
mustered into the service of the United States for
her own defense, while other States have been
promptly and spontaneously offered that piivilege
to the amount I have indicated. After she had
raised under that bill that made some sort of a
promise for that object seven thousand troops,
that force was ordeted from the State into other
States to carry out the military objects of the
Government; and she is now determined to raise
a force on her own authority. Is it then asking
too much that the sum which is due to her by the
Government of the United States, and that due to
her people also, shall now be paid to enable her
and them to meet m part the charge of raising
troops for her own defense?
She is now overrun almost from day to day by
gueriilla parties. If these State forces had been
left for her defense these guerrillas could have been
repelled, and they could have been met and anni-
hilated as they ought to have been. This sort of
! guerrilla warfare consisting of predatory incur-
| sions attended with robbery, rapine, and murder,
ought not to be recognized by the authorities of
the United States as war. The forces engaged in
them ought not to be treated as public enemies but
should be regarded as robbersand brigands. They
ought not to be captured but attacked, pursued,
and exterminated.
But, sir, if the State of Kentucky could have
retained these seven thousand troops, or if now,
at this late day, she was allowed to raise her own
militia for her own defense, and the bill was footed
by the United States, as it ought to be, because
their services would be as much to the general
cause as the service of any other forces, she could
yet make her defense effective. As it is now,
along this whole line of three hundred miles of
frontier she is exposed from week to week and
from day to day to bloody and cruel and devas-
tating inroads. When driven at length to her
own lesources to defend herself, E hope the Sen-
ate will regard these claims of her government
and people, and will pass a law authorizing a com-
missioner to settle them,and when they are liquid-
ated direct their payment by the disbursing offi-
cers of the Treasury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution will
be printed, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have it go over
until to-morrow morning. I want to make two
or three inquiries in regard to the subjects that
have been started here this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will be laid on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, it was
Ordered, That Ilenry Ch.irlcs Dc Alma, colonel, United
States volunteers, have leave to withdraw his petition and
other papeis from the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Ilobb and the opinion
of the Couit oi Claim*; m his favor bo taken from the files
of the Senate and icfenod to the Committee on Claims.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOOLITTLE asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce n bill (S. No.
96) to enable the people of Nevada to form a con-
stitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Territories.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 97) to en-
able the people of Coloiado to foi m a constitution
and State government, and for the admission of
such State into the Union on an equal footing with
the otiginal States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to intioduce a bill
(S. No. 98) to repeal all laws for the rendition of
fugitive slaves; which was read twice by its title,
and rcfcired to the select committee on slavery
and freed men.
Mr. HENDRICKS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
100) authmizing the holding of a special session
of the United States district court for the district
of Indiana; which was read twice by its title,and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, m pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 101) amendatory to the act en-
titled "An act for a giant of lands to the State of
Kansas m alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraph lines in
said State;" which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimouscon-
sentobtamed, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 102)
to establish ceitain post roads, and to regulate
commerce among the Stales, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and oideied to be printed.
Mr. COWAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, Wve to introduce a bill (S. No. 103)
to define the ivmk, pay, and emoluments of chap-
lains in the United States Army and volunteer
force, and for orhor purpose?; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia. , .
-MESSAGE FROM THB HOUSE.- ; ' u
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk* announced that
theHouse had passed a joint resolution (No. 1$)
to amend a joint resolution explanatory Of art act
to suppr-ess insurrection, to punish treason attd
rebellion, to seize and confiscate-the property of
rebels, and for other purposes, approved Jaly 17,
1862; in which the concurrence of the Serrate was
requested.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution *
(S. No. 24) to provide for submitting jtp the sev-
eral States an amendment of the Constitution of
the United States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that it be referred to
the committee on slavery and freedmen. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the proper
committee to which to refer bills to change the
Constitution would be the Judiciary Committee.
There are already several propositions before that
committee in reference to amendments to the Con-
stitution, and I submit to the Senator wh.ethef
that is not the proper committee to have charge
of these subjects.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the amendmentbe read,
and then perhaps the Senate can determine best.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it resolved, 4'c., That the following article be proposed
to the Legislatures of the several States as an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States, which, when rat-
ified by three fourths of such Legislatures, shall become a
part of the Constitution, to wit:
Article —. Everywhere within the limits of the United
States, and of each State or Territory thereof, all persons
arc? equal before the law, so that no person can hold another
as a tilave.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The question is
on referring this joint resolution to the committee
on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. TRUM BULL. I will state to the Senator
from Massachusetts that at a very early stage of
the session the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Hen-
derson] introduced a proposition to change the
Constitution of the United States so as to prohibit
shivery everywhere within its territorial limits.
That proposition has been under consideration,
and has been somewhat discussed and considered
by the Committee on the Judiciary. This is a
proposition in another form on the same subject.
I submit to the Senator from Massachusetts
whether the appropriate committee for all propo-
sitions to change the Constitution is not the Ju-
diciary Committee. It seems to me that would
be the proper committee. At any rate we are con-
sidering that very subject, and these propositions
had best all go together. If the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senate should think that
the proper committee to consider amendments to
the Constitution is the committee on freedmen and
slavery, the Committee on the Judiciary had bet-
ter bcdischarged from all these propositions which
are pending before it in regard to amendmentsof
that character or relating in any way to the sub-
ject of slavei y.
Mr. FESSENDEN (to Mr.Trumbull.) Move
to amend the motion so as to substitute the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submitit to the Senator
from Massachusetts; I thought probably he would
give it that direction.
Mr. SUMNER. I am obliged to the Senator
! from Illinois for his remarks. He will remem-
! ber that only a few days ago he reported from the
Committee on the Judicial y the petitions relating
to the fugitive slave law with a recommendation
that they be referred to the committee on slavery.
Now, on general grounds, indeed, on the grounds
| suggested by the Senator, that subject should prop-
i erly go before the Committee on the Judiciary;
i but the Committee on the Judicial y have thought
I otherwise, and it has now been refened to thecom-
! mittoe on slavery. Still further, there are propo-
j sitious which have already been referred to the
committee on slavery relating to an amendment
of the Constitution so far hs to prohibit slavery
throughout the United States. I presume the
reason for that reference was that the committed
