1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
House by a very large majority decided that the
bill oughtio pass.
Mr. HALE. That is true.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 hope I shall have the oppor-
tunity of saying a word before the vote is taken
upon that motion. It is unfair to allow reasons
to be stated on one side and to exclude them on
the other. 1 desire to say that the remark of the
gentleman from Illinois is calculated to produce
an entirely wrone impression.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debute.
Mr. SPALDING. I will withdraw the motion
to lay on the table to allow the gentleman (torn
Massachusetts to explain.
_ Mr. ALLEY. 1 stated that I hoped the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Hale,] to appoint another committee of confer-
ence would not prevail, for the reason that the
Post Office Committee on the part of the Senate
were unanimous in the position taken by the
mendment of the Senate, as were the committee of"
conference on the partof the Senate; and I believe
their action was right. If the motion to lay the
whole subject on the table should prevail, then
there would be no further action in the matter.
I however prefer that that course should not be
pursued. I think it is due to these parties that
the House should determine the matter one way
or the other. I however would much prefer that
it should be disposed of as suggested by the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Spalding] than that an-
other committee of conference should be ap-
pointed upon it.
Mr. HALE. I want to say one word before
the vote is taken upon the reference of this bill to
another committee of conference. The House
will recollect that in the last Congress this very
claim was before the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and that that committee reported
unanimously against it. In the mean tune, how-
ever, after the adjournmentof Congress, the pres-
ent First Comptroller of the Treasury, who may
be a very good man for aught 1 know, for I know
nothingabout him,declared his intention of going
on and awarding damages to Carmack & Ramsay
under the act of 1856. The First Comptroller
of the Treasury to whom thtft matter was re-
ferred by that act of Congress, at that time in-
vestigated the claim and reported against it, that
these parties were not entitled to damages. And
so that claim remained until the last session of
Congress, when the new Comptroller came into
office.
Mr. SPALDING. The gentleman claims that
the First Comptroller decided against it.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. That was Mr. Medill.
Mr. SPALDING. Did not his predecessor,
Mr. Whittlesey, decide in favor of it?
Mr. HALE. He made no decision.
Mr. SPALDING. 1-Ie did decide in favor of it.
Mr. HALE. There is no record of that fact.
I understand that in conversation he was in favor
of the claim, but he never decided in favor of it
in his official capacity. The only report ever
made was that of Mr. Medill, who decided that
these parties were not entitled to anything.
Now, notwithstanding the decision made by
the tribunal to which th'at matter was referred at
their own suggestion, Carmack & Ramsay, not
satisfied with that decision, want the new Comp-
troller 10 reopen the case. I hope that will not
be done. It is a large claim. It is difficult to say
how large the claim is. It is something over one
hundred thousand dollars. It may be half a mil-
lion dollars for aught we know.
Mr. WINDOM. I was a member of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads which
examined into the subject, and I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. I wantto understand whether
the Comptroller will allow ,800,000, the amount
they fust asked for, or $100,000 which they at
last agreed to take?
Mr. HALE. 1 do not know, but the Comp-
troller has expressed his determination to reopen
tile case. 1 cannot say what the Comptroller
will allow. He has declared his intention to re-
open the case, and oil further investigation he
may allow these parlies whatever he sees proper.
The case has been once before the Comptroller,
and he has decided against these parties.
Under the circumstances, I submit to the House
whether the proposition is not fair and just to
refer the whole subject to the Court of Claims,
because one Comptroller has decided against it,
and the other Comptroller, it is said, will decrde
in favor of it. That is the proposition of the
House. The Senate 3truck thatoutand provided
that the Comptroller should allow damages under
certain circumstances.
What objection is there to referring it to the
Court of Claims ? It is a competent tribunal
where all the merits of the claim can bego'neinto.
If they have a good claim, if they had a valid
contract with the Department—I do not believe
they ever had a valid contract with the Govern-
ment, although these parties say they had—I do
not wish, however, to go into a detail ofthe facts
of the case. If the claim has merit, why do they
decline to go before the Court of Claims ? They
have no right to go before the Comptroller and have
the case reopened. Congress is willing that they
may go to the Court of Claims, and we passed a
resolution for that purpose. If they have a good
claim they can make it appear to that tribunal.
It ought not to be objected to by any person who
is disposed to do justice alike to the Government
and to these parties.
Mr. Speaker, this thing ought to be disposed
of one way orthe other,and I hope some one will
call for the previous question. If we do not ap-
point another committee of conference the First
Comptroller will go on and allow this large sum
to these parties.
Mr. WASHBURNE.of Illinois. I hope that
the House will appoint a new committee of con-
ference on this subject; and if they understand
it, Mr. Speaker, as well as you understand itand
as well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania un-
derstands it, I shall have no fear of the result.
This is an old customer. The Speaker will recol-
lect that, when chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, he killed this
claim of Carmack & Ramsay at the last session.
But it seems to have as many lives as a cat. It
has been here fifteen years, and decided against
in every shape and form. They were allowed to
take it before the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, and Mr. Medill decided that they had no
claim whatever. Afterwards, by some means,
they got it reopened, and- 1 supposed there had
been a qualified decision by Mr. Whittlesey in
regard to it; but the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia says there is no such decision on file. But I
am told that unless Congress does something now
the First Comptroller believes he is called upon
to act under the law as it now exists, and that a
very large sum will be awarded to tiiSSe men—
an amount which the House has decided over and
over again is not their due, and which they will
get unless this action is carried out.
The gentleman from Indiana, not now in his
seat, examined this matter very thoroughly, and
he was of opinion that there would be a vast loss
to the public Treasury unless this resolution of
the House should pass. It is fair and just, and
to it no complaint should be made by Carmack
and Ramsay. It refers the whole matter to the
Court of Claims, which is the proper tribunal to
examine a question of this kind if it is a proper
tribunal for anything.
Mr. WINDOM. I was a member of the Com-"
miitee on the Post Office and Post Roads during the
last Congress, and this question was thoroughly
examined by that committee, and I was never
more thoroughly convinced thataclaim was with-
out the shadow of a foundation than I was in this
case. I am certainly unaware of what amount
the Comptroller proposes to allow. If I am not
totally mistaken in the facts, these parties origin-
ally claimed more than $1,800,000 and came into
Congress and asked it, stating that it was a just
claim. They finally agreed to take, if we would
pass a bill to that effect, about $100,000.
Mr. SPALDING. I desne to say to the House
that I have examined this claim from its incep-
tion, from the first lime it first found its way into
Congress. I have examined the opinions of the
different committees who have reported upon it;
I have examined the opinions of the different
Comptrollers who have had itunder their consid-
eration—the opinion of Mr. Whittlesey, of Mr.
Medill, iind 1 think I know the opinion of the
present Comptroller, than whom a more honest
and judicious man does not live in the.se United
States—and I say considerately that I have never
examined a case as a judicial officer where.I was
brought to a more satisfactory conclusion that
there was justice in a case than in this of Car-
mack and the persons connected with" him to; a
certain extent—to the extent of-the expenditure
made in preparing to carry out this large contract
with the Government; and I believe this contract
is doing gross injustice to an honest citizen, if
Congress refuses to givehim a hearing before this
officer of the Government under the law of Con-
gress passed some years ago.
Mr. HALE. Why does he not go before the
Court of Claims?
Mr. SPALDING. Why do you not submit
it to the officer before whom the claim should
go? I charge that there are influences at work
to bring this claim before the Court of Claims
which should not be permitted to obtain in
reference to this contract. I challenge thai this
claim has had an investigation by the chairman
of the Post Office Committee of the Senate, who
was himself Postmaster General for a number of
years, and who as a lawyer stands without, per-
haps, a competitor in this House. That man
came, by his laborious examination, to the same
conclusion to which my mind has been brought—
that to the extent of nearly $200,000 this claim
is just. We ought to look upon this matter with
indulgence, and ought not to arraign an officer
of the Government who, in the line of his duty,
is about to investigate or perhaps has invest-
igated this claim. I think I may be warranted in
saying that he has already examined the evi-
dence and heard the argument of counsel on both
sides, and that, too, under the sanction of the Post
Office Department, and when he was about to
make up his decision deliberately, this measure
was brought into the House for the purpose of
arresting his judgment. The Senate committee
has unanimously, as I understand, concluded
that the case should be referred back to the First
Comptroller ofthe Treasury, and that he should
award damages, if any are sustained, within the
limits of time specified in the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, resumed the
floor.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. I ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois to yield to me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. This is not a
question as to the merits of the claim at all. In
1856 Congress passed a measure referring the
claim to the First Comptroller. That officer ex-
amined it and reported adversely to the claim.
Since that time these same claimants have again
presented this claim to another Comptroller, on
the ground that it was not adjudicated by his pre-
decessor. If this thing is to continue where is the
claim ever to end? If the present First Comp-
troller decides adversely to the claimants they,
may present it to the next Comptroller under the
same law of 1856. In consequence of these facts
the House passed a resolution referring the case
to the Court of Claims for adjudication, where,
when once adjudicated, it shall not be again resur-
rected.
The Senate, however, amended the joint reso-
lution by referring the matter back to the First
Comptroller. The difference between the two
Houses, as I understand, is simply whether this
claim shall go to the Court of Claims, where it
can be adjudicated and permanently decided, or
whether the claimants shall be allowed to go be-
fore every Comptroller until they shall find some-
body in that office who will admit the justice of
their claim and give them what they ask. That,
as I understand, is the only question to be de-
cided. The merits of the claim are not involved
in it at all.
* MESSAGE JR03I THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickev,
their Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence on the bill (H. R. No. 511) to provide for
the more speedy punishment of guerrillas, and
for other purposes.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com-
