2544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
chise to certain persons in the District, including
by express terras even those who cannot reaa
the English language. I am unwilling that the
Senate shall legislate on that matter, especially
that they shall undertake to extend the electoral
franchise to any persons in this District, unless
they embrace in that extension a class whose
rights have been postponed much longer than
those whom the Senator now comes forward to
protect.
I am in favor of the Senator's joint resolution ;
most sincerely do I wish it to pass; but 1 believe
on this occasion,.as on all others, it is better for
I us to consult the great, permanent, standing in-
terest of the Republic, rather than any local in-
terest. Permit me to say that the Senator, in
urging this measure at this rtioment, to the exclu-
sion of the colored race, does put forivard a local
interest, and at the same time forgets the larger
interest which concerns the whole country.
I alluded yesterday to a document which I now
have in my hand; it is the report of a court-mar-
tial held in Tennessee. A white man, it seems
by the proceedings of this court-martial, was tried
for murder; and the facts are set forth judicially.
I will remark that there was simply an allega-
tion that a colored woman had stolen money, and
the white man treated her as follows, according
to the statement of the court:
"The prisoner then procured n rope, and, addressing
himself to the by-stundeis, asked ii there was anyone pres-
 *itt who could tie ' a hang-knot,' ivhen a mail named
Womaek .stepped forward and Ued it. The prisoner then
adjusted it around the neck 01 the woman, and throwing
It over ihe limb of a nee, in the wight of hi* own dwelling,
whoie wore his wife and daughters, the work of murder be-
gan, Finding that tho woman protected herself by seizing
the rope with her hawk, It was slackened and her hands
tied, and again she was drawn up, so that her toes baiely
touched the ground, and in this position she was held hy
the prisoner until from suffocation and exhaustion hei head
on one Hide, Through the interposition of the prison-
er's wife and the bystanders, the rope wan then loosened,
and an opportunitygiventhewomantorevive. While this
forture was going on the prisoner declared hl« object to be
to compel the woman to confess the theft charged upon her,
hut she stoutly denied any knowledge of the money alleged
to have been lost.
"She wan now taken by the prisoner to his tan yanl, dis-
tant two hundred or two hundred juid liny yru <!.•*, and was
there snipped by him of all her clothes except hercheniibe.
In the language of one ol the witnesses, ^he was then con-
fined by crossing her hand* and tying them together, then
putting them over her knees with a stick thrust under, hold
iitg H)cm in that position. Thus pinioned ami lying alter-
nately on her fact' and on lu-r side, as the* purposes"of her
tor-mentor required, for some two hours and a half, with
brief Intervals, she was whipped by the prisoner with a
leather thong, two inches wide and three feet long, having
u knot on the end. At the expiration of this time k some
neighbors present said they thought he had whipped her
about enough lor that time,' and he thereupon detdMod.
She was then untied and agisted by one of the neighbors
toward the kitchen, i-iaggeitng and railing seveial tiling
from exhaustion on the way. She succeeded, however, in
reaching the kitchen, on the threshold of which she fell, in
the presence of the prisoner's wife, ami a few minutes there-
aftei expired. Thebhamolesnehaiaeterof the defense was
in keeping with the crime. it was Insisted m the defense
that the woman's death was produced by some cold water,
of which, in her heated and exhausted condition, she had
drank; tmd in attempted palliation of the piisoner's mur-
derous brutidity, it was proved by heveral ot bis neighbors
that lie bore a good moral eh.uacter, and clothed nod led
hi« slaves well, and for hmiselt he stated that he had once
before, on a simiirn charge, given the woman even a worse
whipping than that of which she tiled."
We all feel,sir, the brutality of this act. It was
done by a white man on the person of a colored
woman. Would he have been the authoi of such
a brutality toward a white woman? No; it was
because she was black that he thus insulted human
nature and performed tin act which can never be
read without a blush that he is a member of the
human family. And now, sir, how are we to dis-
countenance such acts? Is it by keeping up this
odious discrimination of color, by giving it the
sanction of law, by giving it the authority of this
Chamber? Clearly not. I appeal to you. Sena-
tors,as men of humanity, do not continue to sanc-
tion a discrimination which when it proceeds from
'this Chamber must exercise a far-reaching influ-
ence. It is riot simply the question of a few voters
more or less in this District, but it is a question
of human rights everywhere throughout this
country, involving the national character and its
good name forevermore.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, I should like to
hear the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
explain how, in what way the brutality ofa white
man exercised upon a negress will show that
other negroes are properly qualified to vote in the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator wish an
answer?
Mr. COWAN. If there is any, the most re-
mote, connection between the two, I should like
to hear it stated.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated the
connection, and it must be very obvious. The
acts in both places,-in Tennessee the outrage
there, the exclusion here, both have their origin
in that same discrimination of color.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to ask the honorable
member what was the decision of the court-mar-
tial. ;If 1 understood him, the man was tried
before a court-martial.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very much obliged to
the Senator for asking me the question. Thfe de-
cision of the court-martial was that theprisoner
was guilty, and he was sentenced to b^ponfined
in the State penitentiary for the period of five
years. But the President, in directing that sen-
tence to be carried out, went forward in very
proper terms to condemn the lenity of the court,
as follows:
" The President directs that the sentence—inadequate as
it is—shall, except as to the place of confinement, be car-
ried into execution, and Albany, New York, is designated
as the penitentiary where he shall be confined; but while
doing so, he feels it incumbent upon him to call the atten-
tion of the Army, and especially of tho&e charged with the
administration of military justice, to the insensibility dis-
played by this commission, and to expiess the disapproba-
tion with which it is regarded. The members of the com-
mission, m thus lightly dealing with one of the most revolting
murders on tccord, have done nohonorto themselves, and
afford an example which it is hoped will never again be wit-
nessed in the sei vice."
Sir, the court itself acted under the influence of
that same fatal discrimination of color. Had this
outrage been perpetrated upon a white person, the
court-martial never would have awarded so light
a sentence; but, sir, it was because she was black,
and therefore her pretended owner was allowed
ci uelly to murder her and to insult human nature.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the honorable member
any knowledge of who the members of the court
we to ?
Mr. SUMNER. Their names appear as fol-
lows: I have before me the order from the War
Department, Adjutant General's office, Washing-
ton, May 9,18G4,published in the Ai my and Navy
OiUoial Gazette, and signed,(i By order of the Sec-
retaiy of War, E. D. Townsend, Assistant Ad-
jutant General:"
u Before a militaiycommlssion, consisting of Captain C.
Thompson, nineteenth Michigan volunteers; Captain Owen
Griffith, twenty-second Wisconsin volunteers; Captain
James Nutt, ninth Indiana volunteers; Captain D. R. May,
twenty-second Wisconsin volunteers; i-'ir t Lieutenant
George H.tunmn, twenty-second Wisconsin volunteers;
and which convened a I Murirc ,bboio\ Tennessee, Septem-
ber 14, pursuant to Special Orders No. 8, dated Po«.t
Headquarters, MuilYeesboro', September 9, 1863, was ar-
raigned and tried Robert Taylor, a citizen."
Mr. JOHNSON". My object in asking the
question is answeied, I had some suspicion, and
it turns out to havebeen a well-founded suspicion,
that every member of that court was a citizen of
a State in which slavery does not and never did
exist, and they therefore could have had no preju-
dice against color. I had supposed thut it was
barely possible that they might have been the citi-
zens of some southern State, and had adopted
what is considered a prejudice in the public mind
j m those States upon that account; but the whole
of that court came from the same section in which
more or less the same sentiments are entertained
as those entertained by the honorable member
from Massachusetts. 1 agree with the President
in thinking that if the facts stated were true the
sentence pronounced was a very inadequate sen-
tence for such a crime; but I hardly think that
that mildness of sentence was the resultof the fact
that the person upon whom the crime was com-
mitted was a black woman instead of a white
woman.
Besides that, I submit to the honorable mem-
ber whether it is fair, iogically fair, to attribute
errors of judgment or errors of a higher character
to a mere prejudice, barely from the fact that a
black woman has been the subject of crime ? The
honorable member seems to think that the fact
that a black man or a black woman has been
treated unjustly and cruelly, or even put to death,
is conclusive evidence to show that there must be
in the public mind some prejudice against that
color which legislation may remove;and he sup-
poses that that prejudice, if it has not its origin in,
is in some measure cultivated and strengthened
by, the fact that persons of that description are not
permitted to vote.
Sir, you cannot take xrp a paper of the day—I
am sorry to say it—in which you will not see
cases of crime just a? atrocious committed by
white men upon white men and upon white
women. I notice in the papers to-day an account
of a prosecution going on in the city of New
York against a white man of some, sixty years
of age, who has always been a voter in the city
of New York, and who perhaps agrees in opin-
ion politically with the honorable member from
Massachusetts, for the cruel and barbarous mur-
der of his wife, a white woman. Would the hon-
orable member infer from that that any white man
has been debarred from the privilege of voting,
and that the fact that he has been debarred ac-
counts for his inhumanity to his own color, or to
any color?
I submit that the honorable member is wrong,
logically wrong, in the view which he takes upon
this question. One thing is certain, that whether
a black woman has been murdered or not in the
State of Virginia or the State of Tennessee proves
nothing toward showing that black men here
should be entitled to vote, and that we should
give them that privilege by an amendment to this
resolution. As the honorable member from Iowa
has said, the sole object of the resolution is to do
away with a practical mischief in the opeiation
of the law as it now stands in reference to those
who are entitled to vote. There are other meas-
ures pending before the Senate, as is well known,
which may perhaps assume a shape that will get
rid of that difference in the right of suffrage, from
which, according to the philosophy of the hon-
orable member from Massachusetts, itis clear that
'black men and black women are being whipped
and murdered!
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Maryland reminded us that all the mem-
bers of this court came from States where slavery
did not exist, and lie inquired whether such pri-
sons coming from such States could have any
prejudice on account of color. Now, sir, I am
not going to reply to theSenator byany personal
remark, but 1 content myself with reminding
him that on this floor one of the most earnest ad-
vocates of the discrimination of color is a Sen-
ator from a powerful State, which to its honor
does not sanction slavery. That, sir, is a suffi-
cient answer to that portion of the remaiks of
the Senator from Maryland.
But the Senator thinks that I am not logical
because I quote an outrage in Tennessee which
has its origin in the prejudice of color, and insist
that here in this Chamber we shall not found our
legislation on a prejudice of color. Sir, I sub-
mit the question to the judgment of the Senate:
arn 1 illogical, or is the Senator illogical? I in-
sist, sir, that you cannot sanction injustice heie,
especially you cannot sanction a prejudice founded
on color, wjthout quickening that prejudice and
sustaining it wherever it now unhappily exists
throughout our whole country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt theSenator to call up the order of
the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that theorderof
the day be suspended until this joint resolution is
disposed of. I suppose the morning hour dur-
ing the residue of the session is to be taken up
with this particular joint resolution, or at least the
morning hour of every day until the election shall
have passed, to provide for which this resolution
has been introduced. I suppose that if we now
postpone it until Monday morning the Senator
from Massachusetts will have some additional
irrelevant proposition touching the negro. This
joint resolution has nothing to do with the negro,
but is simply to allow men to be registered who
are now qualified to vote; and yetevery morning
that we postpone it we have some new proposition
from the Senator from Massachusetts.
I desire it to be obvious to the Senate and the
country that a Senator occupying imposition in
the majority has impeded the ordinary course of
legislation upon a measure not atalI connected with
the questions which he has introduced into the
debate. I move that the consideration of the rev-
enue bill be postponed for a reasonable time until
we can finish this joint resolution, so that other
measures, in which other Senators feel some in-
terestjmay be broughthefore the body duringthe
