522
THE COISTG-EESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
on slavery was specially constituted to take into
consideration that subject and what should be done
with reference to it, whether great or small, whether
.with regard to the treatment of the freedmen, or
amendments in .the laws of the land, or even in
the Constitution. Thelanguageof the resolution
•under which .the committee has been raised is
|>road enough to.cover every proposition relating
to slavery j and I simply follow the lead of my dis-
tinguished friend, who the other day moved the
^reference- of all papers relating to.the fugitive slave
law to that committee, when I propose to refer
this proposition to the same committee. If the
Senator wishes to take charge of it I certainly
"shall hot object; but I understand that already the
same question is now pending before the commit-
tee on slavery, as the Senator says it is pending
before the Committee on the Judiciary. If the '
Senator desires, after this statement, that this joint
resolution which I introduce,to-day be referred to
the committee of which he is the honored head, I
shall consent with the greatest pleasure.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I move that the further
consideration of this resolution be indefinitely
postponed; and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that question have
precedence of a reference ? However, it is imma-
terial. Either is open to discussion, and 1 only
wish to say a word in reply.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. It has precedence.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to say a word
in reply to the Senator from Massachusetts. Per-
sonally, 1 have no desire to take charge of this
proposition which the Senator submits. It is only
because I supposed that the Judiciary Committee
was the proper committee to consider amend-
ments to the Constitution.
The Senator remarks that the Committee on
the Judiciary the other day were discharged from
the consideration of certain petitions relating to
the fugitive slave law and asked that they be re-
ferred to the special committee on the subject of
freedmen and slavery. That is true, sir. That
was deemed by the Committee on the Judiciary
to be the appropriate committee to consider all
these propositions in reference to a change in the
law; but none of the petitions which the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary asked to be discharged from
related to an amendment of the Constitution. If
petitions have been referred to the committee on
freedmen and slavery asking for a change of the
Constitution, it has been inadvertently done, I
presume, so far as the Senate is concerned. I had
not observed it, and was not aware that petitions
of that character had gone to the committee on
freedmen and slavery. Certain it is that petitions
of that character and a resolution to amend the
Constitution in that respect were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary at a very early day in
the session. I have certainly no personal desiie to
takd charge of this matter because I happen to be
on the Committee on the Judiciary. It is for the
Senate to determine which are theapropnate com-
mittees for the business that is presented. It
seemed to me that the appropiiate committee for
all propositions to change the Constitution was
the Judiciary Committee. If the Senate js of a
different opinion I shall certainly acquiesce in any
disposition of it. It is only because I thought, as
this subject was pending before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, they had best be together, that I made the
suggestion.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I 'never heard before in
my life that an amendment to the Constitution
was ever referred to any other committee than the
Judiciary Committee. It seems to me this is one
of those cases that cannot admit of any serious
question as to where this proposition should go.
1 shall not take up time in discussing the subject,
but clearly it ought to go to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing to fol-
low the suggestion of the Senator from Illinois.
I only hope the committee will take charge of it
and act upon itsoon.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Delaware to post-
pone this resolution, proposing an amendment to
the Constitution, indefinitely.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to announce the special order.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope we shall be allowedto
finish the morning business. There is some other
morning business yet to be presented.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
ceive morning business if there be no objection.
The Chair hears none. The question is on in-
definitely postponing the joint resolution before
the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. I ask for the reading of the reso-
lution. I have not yet heard it read.
The Secretary read the joint resolution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 8, nays 31; as follows:
YRAP—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Davis, Harding, Hen-
ducks, Powell, Saulsbmy, and Wright—8.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collanier,
Conner, Cowan. Dixon, DooUttle, Fo^teendyii, Foot, Fos-
ter, Gumes, Hale, Harlan, Harris, Howard, Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Momll, Nes-
nnth, Pomeroy, Ranis-oy, Shot man, Spiague, Sumncr/Truni-
bull, Van Winkle, and WiKon—31.
So the motion to postpone indefinitely was not
agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. At the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Now York I modify the motion so as
to have the joint resolution go to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The joint resolu-
tion will be so referred.
Mr. SUMNER. I also ask leave, without hav-
ing given previous notice, to introduce a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be read.
The Secretary. "A bill to secure equality
before the law in the courts of the United States."
Mr. SAULSBURY. I object to its introduc-
tion.
TheVICEPRESIDENT. Previous notice not
having been given, the bill cannot be introduced
as an objection is made.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S.No. 25) repealing a joint resolution to
amend the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask to have the resolu-
tion refened to the Committee on the Judiciary.
It proposes to repeal a joint resolution approved
March 2, 1861, and as that resolution is short I
ask to have it read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
A iomt icsolutiou to amend the Constitution of the United
Prates.
Resolved) $c., That the following article be proposed to
the Lpgi^hitimM of the several States as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, which, when ratified
by three foutllis ot s-aid Legi^latutes, Miull be valid to all
intents and puiposcs as pan of the said Constitution,
namely:
Art. XfU. No amendment shall be made to the Consti-
tution which will authorize ot jrive to Confess the power
to abolish or interfere within any State with the domestic
institutions thereof, including that of persons held to labor
or scivice by the laws ot paid State.
Approved March 2, .
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I voted,as
did two thirds of the members present of both
Houses of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, for this
resolution. I would have gone much further than
this in any reasonable and proper effort to avert
the evils of civil war and to assure the people
who had been disaffected by the misrepresenta-
tions of demagogues, and made to believe th'at the
Republican party meditated the invasion of their
constitutional rights. But the offer was spurned
by those whom it was intended to conciliate. So
far from accepting it in the spirit in which it was
tendered, they threw off their allegiance to the
Government and organized rebellion, with the
avowed purpose of preventing a Republican Ad-
ministration from doing what itsolemnlyavowed
it had no purpose of doing, and what they had
the power, in a perfectly constitutional manner,
to prevent it from doing. Not only was the revolt
made upon a false pretext, but even if the pretext
had been true there was abundant remedy by
peaceable means and within the Constitution.
It does not consist with the dignity of the Gov-
ernment to continue this offer after it has been so
received; and it is no longer proper that such a
restriction should be put upon the power of Con-
gress, or should be kept upon the power of Con-
gress, even if those to whom it was tendered
should be willing to accept it. The grand events
i of the lust two years have altered the whole as-
pect of the question, and have advanced public
opinion to a point which it would not have at-
tained in scores of peaceful years. The policy
that then would have been only the affirmation
of apolitical truism would now be an outrage
upon the sense of the country and a shame in the
face of the civilized world. The true policy now
is to strike at slavery whereveritcan be reached.
So far from adding new guarantees to its existence
and its safety, so far from reaffirming the old
ones, the true policy is to remove by legal meas-
ures the securities that now protect it. The
amendment which the Constitution requires on
the subject of slavery is quite in the other direc-
tion. it lias been indicated by the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,] intheirpropo-
sitions so to amend the Constitution as to give to
Congress the power to abolish slavery, and thus
to secure the public tranquillity by removing the
disloyal causc of the troubles which afflict the
land, to sccurc the sympathy of the world by
placing our institutions upon the basis of pro-
gressive civilization, to invoke the favorofHcaven
by ceasing to violate its laws. This proposition
comes most appropriately from a Senator from
that State which declared that slavery was incon-
sistent with the Declaration of Independence and
the Bill of Rights, and from the Senator of a State
that has felt the curse of slavery and the terrible
evils of the rebellion thatslavery has inaugurated.
Wisely has Missouri, wisely has West Virginia,
wisely has Maryland determined to remove that
curse, and wisely will Congress.and the States
determine when they shall resolve that the curse
shall never be restored where it has been re-
moved by the people, or where it has been prac-
tically abolished by its own suicidal revolt against
the Government.
It may be argued that to confer upon Congress
the power to abolish slavery may be an implica-
tion that the power already exercised in that di-
rection and the larger exercise of it contemplated
are not legitimate. The inference is not a neces-
sary one. And the States where the slaves are
emancipated by the President's proclamation or
'by acts Wf Congress directed against rebels and
the source of rebel supply may reenact slavery
as soon as the pressure is removed. It is neces-
sary to guard against that; it is necessary not only
to proclaim and to establish freedom, but to se-
cure it.
Nor is such a policy inconsistent with the dec-
larations of the Republicans, that originally they
had no design of interfering with slavery in the
States where the people chose to retain it. We
had no such design. It is not we, it is they who
have opened the way to freedom, and have made
it our duty to tread in the path before us. Sla-
very in the States never was stronger than it was
on the 4th of March, 1861. The election which
had pronounced its downfall in the Territories
and in this District had affirmed its accursed rights
in the States. But God maketh the wrath of
man to praise Him, and the remainder of wrath
He restraineth. What the Republican party
could not do, what no election could do, what no
peaceable movement would have been likely to
accomplish in many years, slavery has done of
itself and to itself. It has sealed its own doom;
it has made its existence incompatible with the
safety of the Republic, with the continuance of
the Union. It has committed suicide. If we had
been asked a few years ago, Do you purpose to
invade Virginia? do you intend to blockade Mo-
bile? do you mean to batter down the walls of
Sumter? no one will doubt the sincerity with
which we should have answered, No. Yet we
i have done all this and much more of the same
character, and the only complaint is that we have
not done enough of it nor with sufficient vigor.
Equally sincere was our denial of the intention to
interfere with slavery in the States. Rut they
who have made it necessary that we should in-
vade Virginia, that we should blockade Mobile,
that we should batter down Sumter, have equally
made it necessary that we should strike at sla-
very, the primal cause, the sustaining power of
the rebellion. The responsibility, so far as their
own interests are affected, is theirs; the duty is
ours; the benefit will be to the country, to the
world. 3
Mr. SAULSBURY. A few moments ago,
when the Senator from Massachusetts asked leave
