CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY 4, 3864,
New Series 2?o. 221.
salary as r-ucli. Tins X claim as a matter of justice and
right, for &o much money was believed to be necessary to
pupport and pay for tune and labor in attending Congress.
Formeily they were paid per diem, now they are paid a
fixed salary, and as a member of Congress I believe X am
entitled io that salary. I can conceive of no conflict, and
so stated when my attention was called to the matter. I
stated that if it was wrong for me to draw and use the
amount of money now charged against me, I would refund
it; >ct r must claim that if in right I am entitled to my
salary as a member of Congress X should not pay it back.
X had no disposition then nor have I now to receive a
dollar from the Government to which lam not legally and
on titled. If this money is not mine I will with plca*-
uteTcfund it; if it is mine tiie House will not ask me to
pay u back. I submit this statement to accompany your
repoit, that the question may he fairly brought before that
body, and such action taken as will fully and justly settle
the matter, When this was first brought to my attention,
with a statement that I and one other gentleman were
alone in this caiegoiy, my impuke was to settle it, and I
so declaicd and s>o intended, whatever my own opinion
was in regaid to it; but since the matter is before Congie^s
bv resolution, I have concluded now to test the matter and
have the ease derided in such way as it deems best.
Re«.pectfully, &.c.,
G. CLAY SMITH.
N. G. Ohdway, E*«<j., Seigcant at Jlnns.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to refer that com-
munication to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. I hope we shall dispose of this
matter now. 1 think it will be more satisfactory
both to the gentleman from Kentucky and to the
House not to allow the matter to go over to an-
other session, as it will if it is referred- Let the
House decide at once whether the member from
Kentucky has money that does not belong to him
or not.
Mr. ODELL. I hope the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois will not prevail.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will say that 1 have no
desire to refer that portion of the report of the
Sorgcant-at-A rms which relates to Mr. Loan.
That is disposed of by the report itself. I modify
my motion so as to refer so much of the report
as ivfei a to Hon. Green Clay Smith to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COX. There is no necessity of having
the resolution referred. Every one in the House
has already decided the question. It is res ad-
judicata.
The SPEAKER. The pendency of the motion
to refer cuts off all amendment.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I hope that the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois will not
prevail. Every man here has already made up
ins mind, and especially those who were mem-
beis of the last House of Representatives. The
question has been decided over and over again.
There is nothing, sir, more clearly defined than
thai a member of Congress cannot draw pay for
any other office. It is due to the gentleman and
the House that they shall say now and at this
time that no claim of that character will be,
allowed.
Mr. GANSON. I ask that the original reso-
lution bo read.
The resolution was read.
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded the previous
question on the motion to refer.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the demand for the previous question in or-
der to let me make one remark.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH. Mi. Speaker, 1 desire to say
at this time that I was never more surprised than
I was tin; other day by the. introduction* of the
lcsolution by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Ganson.] My attention had been called to
the fact previously by the Sergeant-at-Arms, and
I had stated to him emphatically,as I have done
to this House, that if 1 had done wrong I would
certainly make it light.
1 did not believe, sir, that it was intended a
member of Congress should diaw $1,000 only to
pay the expenses of a long seven months* session
in Washington. 1 believed I was entitled to the
ni-tney that f drew or I would not have drawn it.
What I did was done honestly and with no view
that I was doing wrong. What i did 1 did openly,
221
publicly, in the presence of everybody. There
was the record of my resignation m the War De-
partment to be seen by every member upon this
floor. I stated to the officers of this House that
I had resigned from the military servic.e, anfl that
I had drawn my pay as I believed { was entitled
to it. I furthermore stated that if I had* done
wrong I was willing to make the proper correc-
tion. It is my intention to do that whatever my
loss may have been.
And since the introduction of the resolution into
this House 1 feel it to be my duty as a man, that
I owe it to myself, and I believe that Congress
owes it to me, that I shall have an investigation
to go before the country to decide whethei I am
right or wrong. I had no notice, no consultation
with any member upon tins floor that any reso-
lution of tins kind would be introduced 1 do not
object to the resolution. I do not object to the whole
world knosving what I do in a public or private
capacity. All I want is a fair and full investiga-
tion that my people may know how this thing
stands. That is all 1 have to say.
Mr. INGER.SOLL. i renew ihe demand for
the previous question.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman from Illinois
will yield to me for a moment. I do not want
my action taken as having been instigated by
anything personal to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. SMITH. I did notsounderstand it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. COX. I believe in the doctrine which we
have already laid down in this House in the last
and in the present Congress, that there shall not
beany military men commissioned in this House.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman from Ohio will
consult the archives of the War Department he
will find that I went out of the military service in
December last. I am not now in the military
service.
Mr. COX. Then, according to the rate of pay
fixed by law, and according to the usages of that
service, the gentleman should not have drawn
these $1,700 belonging to my constituents. As I
have said, it is not a matter personal to the gen-
tleman.
I have since I have been a member voted every
time, on every opportunity, in favor of thathigh
governmental principle that the military shall not
by any consti uction sitand legislate in this House.
It was fixed by our forefathers in the Constitu-
tion. It has been recognized again and again by
other Congresses. Ithas been recognized by this
Congress. If wo recognize gentlemen in both ca-
pacities the Executive may have here his instru-
mentalities foi ihe put pose of forwarding his own
peculiar legislation. I stand upon principle.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman ft omOhio
whether it is not a principle, and has not been a
principle recognized, that officers below the grade
of brigadier general have held civil offices and
received pay from the Federal Government while
they drew pay lor military officcs which they
held. If there is no conflict in the one case, why
should there be in the other?
Mi, COX I understand the gentleman him'
sell, in a report he made, laid down a rule entirely
different. More than that, I do not know a civil
officer who draws pay as a military officer at the
same time. I know I could not get a bill tin ough
this House to pay a consul abroad simply been use
of his position in a hospital m South Ainenca,
for fear we might be paying a civil officer twice.
But there is an express statute which forbids
Congiess from paying a man twice, once for
military and once for cnil service, When Air.
Chandlsi's case came before us the other day,
we refused to pay him the pay of a member of
Congiess bccause during all the time of the con-
test he was receiving pay as United States dis-
trict attorney for Virginia. \\
We must stand upon principle, no mattei what {j
a man's name may be, whether it is Jones or ji
Smith. We must stand upon principle, and 1 !!
want the gentleman to come up and fork over
that money which belongs in part to my con-
stituents.
Mr. SMITH. I can say to the gentleman that
my constituents have paid out more money and
sent more men to the war than his have.
Mr. COX. I stand by the constitutional pro-
vision, and the gentleman places himselfina bad
predicament before the country and before his
constituents by receiving pay twice. But more
than that; the gentleman was informed 
Mr. INGERSOLL. I must resume the floor.
Mr. SMITH, I want the gentleman to under-
stand that so far as my constituents are concerned
1 am responsible to them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I insist upon the previous.
question.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Mr. Ikgeksoll and Mr. Cox.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the.
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurring on the motion offered
by Mr. Ingersoll to refer so much of the com-
munication of the Sergeant-at-Arms as relates to
the gentleman from Kentucky io the Committee
on the Judiciary,
Mr. W. J. ALLEN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nays 81, not voting 72;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold. Ashley, Rally, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Blair, Cobb, Coffioth, Cole, G.nfield, Hale,
Benjamin G. Harris, [lotehkts.-, John 11. Muhbaid ' lu?er-
=011, Jniiaif, Kejlov, Littlejolm, Loan, Lon^vt M< tludc,
S.unuel F. Miller, Charles O'Neill, William II. Randall,
Seofield, Shannon, Spalding, Webi-u i. ami Wiklei— 29
N AY^—Me.--is. Wiiham J. Alh-n, Alle \} Allw>n, \mes,
Ancona, Teaman, Bli-s, Bounv< li. B« \d Biook**. James'
S. Biown,William G Dnnvn, Cov, Croswell. Henn Winter
Davi-*. Dawes, Dawson, Demon;, Dernson. Devon, l)i is  ,
Eden, Edgeiiou, Eldndue, Elmi, Enuli-h. Gan^m, <;< (.eh,
Gii-woid, Hauling. Chailcs M. Il.nn-. Hoopei. A-.iliel W,
Htihbaid, I In I buid. William Joh'i-on,Kei nan, Knapp Lruv,
Long, Marry, Mod tiro*, Middle)on, iVIoonte.id,
Daniel Motrin, J<unc> H. Moires Moiu.-on. Anio-. Myen,
NeUon, Nohhi, Norton, Odell, Oitli, IVndleton, I'einam,
Pinyn, Badtord, Samuel J. Randall, Alexandei H. Rice,
John 11. Bice, Robinson, Edw.ud II. Rollins, Ro-*-, Sloan,
Simther-s John B. Sipeb', Steven*?, Si ties, Sw<-at,Thomas,
Tracy, Up>oti, W;uKwotth, W.ttd, lilihti B. W.i^hbinne,
William 13. Wa>hhmn, Wheelei, Williams., Wilson, Wln-
dotn, <uid Wintii'ld—81.
NOT VOTING—.Messrs'. James C. Allen, Anderson,
Augustus*C. Baldwin, Blame, Blow, Brande^ee, Bcootnali,
Chanlei, Amlnose W. Cl.uk, Freeman Claike. Clay, Cni-
wns/riiornaoT Davit-, Donnelly, Duniont,l>klev. Farns-
vvorth, Fen ton. Finek, Fi ank. Gi idi r, Cunm-li. Hall, Har-
rington, Ib'irickj Higliv Ilolman, Ilnrehiiw. J-'iicke>, Philip
Johnson, Kalbfleisdi, Kn«.-on, FrancU W. Kehocjr,Orlando j
K' llogg, King, Knox, Lazear, Le Blond, Malloiv, Marvin,
McAlli. ter, McDowell, Mclndoe. Mclvinmy, William II.
Mdlei, Leonatd Myer*, John O'Neill, Pauen-on, Peiry,
Pike, Pomeioy, Pi ice, Roaoiw, Jame*# S. Rollins, Sehenck,
Spoil Smith, Stair, Stebhm**, William G. Steele, Stronso,
Stu.ut, Thayer, Van Vulkenburgh, Vooiliees, Whaley,
Clnlton A White, Joseph \V. White, Benjamin Wood,
Fuinando Wood, Woodbridsxe, and Yeaman—72.
So the House refused to refer the matter to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DAWSON stated that Mr. IIolmav had
paired off with Mr. Orth.
Mr. ORTH. 1 will say to my fiiend from
Pennsylvania that we are not patted upon ques-
tions on which we should both vote the same way.
The result of the vote having been aiuiounccd
as above recorded,
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the. House refused to refer the whole sub-
ject to the Committee on the Judiciary; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. T now offer the following1 resolution,
and upon it I demand the previous question:
l'ii$olve-'y That lion. G. C. Smith, n member of thfs
Bouco ftoui Kentuok\, be dueled to iepay* to the Ser-
geant at Anns tiie fcuiu of ©1./3U which lias been drawn
Horn the Ticasuty of the United Stares in uuiauon of taw
and the Constitution, awl that If he fail to relund the same
