THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
MILITARY INTERFERENCE WITIJ EJECTIONS*
Mr, POWELL. I offer the following absolu-
tion, and I ask for its present consideration:
,JRe?olve<t, That the Seeretai y of War Redirected totrans-
iiiit to tlie Senate all orders or instructions issued from the
War Department toprovost marshals in the States uf Ken-
tucky,Delaware, Maryland, and Missouri, concerning elec-
tions In those States.
■ Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky if the report which has been
laid x>n our tables this morning does notembrace
everything of that kind 2
Mr. POWELL, it does not. It onlygives us
the orders issued to and by generals commanding
in the Held. This resolution calls for the orders
isgu£jd-to provost marshals.
•* Mr. -TRUMBULL. Does not what is in this
report appear to be all?
Mr. POWELL. It does not.
Mr. WILSON. I do not believe there is any
reason for makingobjection to the inquiry. Iam
perfectly willing for one that it shall be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have certainly no ob-
jection to the inquiry. I merely wished to call
the attention of the Senator from Kentucky to the
report which has been laid on our tables. I did
not know that he had examined it.
Mr. POWELL. I will say to the Senator that
I examined it particularly this morning, and it is
incomplete. There are matters not embraced in
that report which this resolution will bring out.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no sort of objection.
I wish to know myself whether there has been
any interference with elections by the military.
The resolution considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
A joint resolution (H*R. No. 18) to amend a
joint resolution explanatory of "An act to sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and rebel-
lion, to seize and confiscate the pioperty of rebels,
and for otherpurposes," approved July 17,3662,
was rend twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 26th ultimo, transmitting- a report of the Sec-
retary of War, communicating the correspond-
ence between the authorities of the United States
and the rebel authorities on the exchange of pris-
oners, and the different propositions connected
with that subject; which was referred to the Com
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Urn
ted States, ttansrmuing a report of the Secretary
of State on the subject of a reciprocity treaty with
the Sandwich Islands; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to
be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, a statement
showmgthe balances to the credit of that Depart
ment on the 1st of July, 1862, the amounts ap-
propriated for the year ending June 30,1SG3, the
amounts drawn from those appropriations or car-
ried to the surplus fund, and the balances remain-
ing in the Treasui y at the last named date; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the JJouse of Representatives
•by Mr. McPhbrson', us Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (No. 3D)
tendering the thanks of Congress to Major Gen-
eral W. T. Sheiman, in whicii it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
ENLISTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 41)
to promote enlistments in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes; the pending ques-
tion bemgon thcamendmentof Mr. Henderson-,
in section three, hnc five, after the word <l lie,"
to strike out the words " his mother, and his wife
and children," and after the word " notwith-
standing, " in the seventh line, to insert:
Andhfs mother. Ins wife, and ciuldien shall also be free,
provided that by the laws of any State they ow e service or
labor to any person or persons who have given aid or com-
fort to the existing rebellion against the Govermnentsince
July 17,1832.
So that the whole section will read as follows:
That when any person of African descent whose service
or labor is claimed m any State under the laws thereof
shall be mastered into the military or naval service of the
United States, he shall forever thereafter be free, any law,
usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and his
mother, his wife, and children shall also he free, provided
that by the laws of any State they owe service or labor to
any person or persons who have given aid or comlortto the
exiting rebellion against the Government since July 17,
1862; and all laws and parts of laws inconsistent herewith
are hereby repealed.
Mr. CARLILE. Mr.President,** in these un-
happy times, when good men are rendered odious
and bad men popular, when great men are made
little and little men are made great,"he who would
serve his country must be "above the reach of
personal considerations." It has been the habit
of those who
Crook the pregnant hinges of the knee,
Where thrift may follow fawning,"
to charge with disloyalty all who differ with the
party in power, and to denounce as sympathizers
with rebellion all who attempt to confine the Gen-
eral Government within the limits prescribed by
the Constitution. If a warm und undyingattach-
mentto the Constitution which created the Union
constitutes disloyalty, then am I disloyal. If a sin-
cere, fervent, impassioned, burning desire for the
overthrow of the rebellion and the return of peace
is sympathy with the rebellion, then am I a sym-
pathizer. At the hazard of my life I opposed the
secession of my State. <( Solitary and alone,"
when stout hearts quailed and strong men faltered,
I inaugurated and organized the movement that
rolled back the wave of secession and kept within
the fold of the Union the section of the State in
which I reside. There is not to-day aspotof earth
over which the confederate flag floats upon which
I would dare to tread.
That Virginia which gave to the Colonies the
commander of their armies, and to the States the
president of the Convention that framed the bond
of union between them, as well as the father of
the Constitution and the author of the Declaration
of Independence, should have been betrayed into
secession, is one of tiie wonders of the age. That
her people should oppose the exercise of arbitrary
power is but consistent with her past history,
around which cluster so many precious recollec-
tions. Glorious old State! even now, while striving
to release herself from a Union in the formation
of which she acted so conspicuous a part, and for
which she gave away an empire, she stands proud
and defiant, the wonder of the world, the valor of
her sons and the fortitude of her people challeng-
ing the admiration of mankind. With almost
every acre of her soil red with the blood of her
children, she still is, as she has been from the be-
ginning, the main stay and supportofa cause into
winch she was betrayed.
Iam not, Mr. President,as hopeful as someof
an early cessation of hostilities, nor do I believe
that the " starvation" which has kept the confed-
erates alive for the last three years is likely to
terminate in their eaily death. 1 behevc with An-
drew Jackson thai the Constitution cannot be
maintained nm the Union preserved in opposition
to public feeling by the mere coercive powers of
the Geneivl Government. It is because I have
so believed that for near two years 1 have been
thrown in opposition to those with whom I would
have gladly acted, and with whom I expected at
the opening of the extra session and of the fust
regular session of the last Congress to act.
We have, however, m the progress of this
struggle reached a point where its nature and its
character must be settled, and settled definitely.
Upon that settlement depends, in my judgment,
not only tl^j restoi alien of the Union but the per-
petuation of the liberties of the people inhabit-
ing the States repiesented in this Chamber as se-
cured to them by the Constitution of 1789. For
near two years it has been patent to my mind
that the theory advanced by the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in the very able and inge-
nious speech with winch he favored the Senate
last week, although not- the declared policy of
the Admmistiation, governed in this fierce and
mighty struggle which is sapping the foundations
of public liberty and rapidly exhausting the re-
suuiccB of the nation.
Is the struggle—and these are the questions that
are forcing themselves upon the Senate now for
its determination—is the struggle in which we are
engaged an exercise by the Government of the
United States of its constitutional power to sup-
press au insurrection within its constitutional ju-
risdiction, and to put down a rebellion against its
lawful authority, or is it a war waged by the States
represented in this Chamber, commonly called
the northern States, against the southern States?
If the former, it is a struggle between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and its rebellious
citizens, and in its prosecution we must draw all
our legislative power from the Constitution. If
the latter, we are under no constitutional restraint,
and are only responsible to the civilized world for -
the manner in which we conduct the war. That
the latter is the opinion of the chairman of the
Committee of Wrays and Means in the other House
is to be ascertained from his recent speech, in which
is the following paragraph:
" But it is said that this? must be considered a contest with
rebel individuals only, as Stares in the Union cannot make
war. Thatjstrue so long as they rem. un in the Union. But
they claim ro be out of the Union ; and the very fact that
we have admitted them to be in a state of war, to be belli-
gerents, shows that they are no longer in the Union, and
that they aie waging war in their corporate name of the
{confederate States.'"
I regard this as an admission that at some pe-
riod or other in the prosecution of this struggle
we have been so affected by the conduct of the
people of the seceded States who are in arms
against the authority of the General Government
as to have lost to the people ofthe adhering States
that form of Government to preserve which they
in the commencement of the struggle resorted to
arms. I regard the positions assumed by the
Senator fiom Ohio, though not so broad, as lead-
ing to the same conclusion as that which 1 have
read. The Senator still maintains that we are
under the Constitution, and while admitting that
in tune of peace there is no power conferred on
the Congress of the United States by the Consti-
tution to interfere with the domestic relations as
recognized by the States of the Union, he claims
by virtue of that very Constitution to derive legis-
lative authority from the laws of war. Let me
state as I understand them the positions assumed
by the Senator in the speech to which I have re-
ferred. They are these: that the struggle in which
we are engaged is with Slates as such united un-
der a common Government and not with individ-
uals; that we are not engaged in suppressing an
insurrection or rebellion, but in open, flagrant
war with a belligerent Power, which we have
recognized as such ; that being engaged in civil war
we are only bound by the laws of public war and
are not restrained by the Constitution of the United
States in the means we employ, the measures we
adopt, or' the manner m which we conduct the
war; that Congress is not authorized by the Con-
stitution to emancipate slaves, but in time of civil
war Congress derives the power to emancipate
from the laws of war.
To prove that such power is conferred upon
Congress, the Senator cites the clause authorizing
Congress to laise armies. lie denies that the
President possesses the power under the Consti-
j tution. He denies that his emancipation procla-
j rnation can have any effect upon slaves who are
not brought within its operation during actual
hostilities. Now, sir, granting .that we have the
constitutional power, where can any law that we
may enact on this subject have any effect during
the existence of this rebellion beyond our* mili-
tary lines? If you can derive the power to eman-
cipate slaves fiom the power to raise armies, it
seems to me it would be a less stietch of the im-
agination to suppose that the President possessed
the power when he has sworn to preserve, pro-
tect, and defend the Constitution.
In opposition to the authority of the Senator on
this subject, that we derive any legislative power
from the laws of war, I will quote the opinions of
Mr. John CLuincy Adams. In a speech made by
him in New York in 1839, in speaking ofthe
powers of Government as divided between the
different depaitments, he said:
" The lC2l l:ilive powers ofCongiess mc, therefore, Hm-
! ited to specific* giants contained m the Constitution itself,
| all relucted on one -ido bj the power of internal legu4a-
, tiou within the separate States, and on the other by the'laws
[ of nations oih«i wise and more piopeify called the rights of
| war and pi-,ice, consisting of all the inles of intercourse be-
. tvveou independent manon*. These"—
