2546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
..awaits the pleasure of the Senate as to what
amendments shall be considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There were certain
amendments passed over, and we may as well
take them up in their order. I will inquire
whether the proviso on page 87) section seventy-
eight, line twenty-two, m relation to the license
to be paid by savings banks, was adopted?
■ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was not.
It was passed over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If there is no objection
to that, as I understand the, Senatdr from Ver-
■rtiont does not object lo it and does not propose
• to amend it, I should like to have it adopted.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall object to it unless
the gentleman will accept of a clause that I have
drawn in addition to it.
• Mr. FESSENDEN. Road it.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is to add this proviso:
" ' Provided} Tlmtsavinjj-Umuks having u<> fixed capital and
, whose business is conftfi«(Ho receiving deposits and loan-
ing the same,and who do no otlier hanking business, shall
not be required to take a iicet^e under tins act.
I propose to add that to the committee's amend-
ment, which is to insert this proviso:
Provided, That each savings bank shall be liable to pay
$luO lor license as a banker.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I ob-
ject to the principle of the Senator's amendment,
butl suggest to him to put it in this form: to amend
the amendment of the committee so that it will
rend:
Provided, Tlmt each savings brtrik, except such ns have
no lixcil cnpitnl and \\ hose Ihimiicss !i confined to receiv-
ing deposits mid loaning the sumo, nmi who do no oilier
business of banking, shali be liable to pay $100 as licence.
Mr. COLLAMER. That only incorporates
my amendment in the committee's amendment
I thought it would be more distinct the other way,
and I think so still; but if the gentleman nrefcis
it in that way 1 have no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will avoid the multi-
plication of provisos. I understand the Senator
to accept the modification of liis amendment lime
I have miir^ested.
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
The 1'REiSI D1N(J OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
ill the chair.) The Senator from Vermont pro-
poses lo amend the amendment of the committee
by inserting in line twenty-two, after the word
" bank,"the words "except such as have no fixed
capital and whose business is confined to receiving
d-eposits and loaning the same and who do no
other business of banking;" so that it will rend:
Provided* Thai c.n-h saving bank, except such as have
m> fixed capital inul whose bushier Is confined t«> leeeiv-
jng depoMls ami lonuinir Die name, and who do no other
burner,* of blinking-hull bo liable to pay .'jlUU lot license
a banker.
Mr.SHERMAN. I do not want to make any
opposition to it, but I are no reason in the world
why savings banks ought not to pay a licun.se
like other people. If they only received strut!!
deposits then I would say they ought to be ex-
empt from nil tax, because we do not wish to
strike at tlint kind of deposits.
Mr. FEb'SENDKN. They do pay on the
dividends that ate made pieoisely like other peo-
ple. This is a pulsion to take out a license in
addition.
Mr. JSHEHMAN. You licensc lawyers, you
license doctors, you license every employment of
life, ond why ahonid you exempt a savings bank 5
Mr. JOHNSON, it is not an employment.
Mr. SIJI2RMAN. It ts an employment. It
is a mode of getting profits by receiving deposits.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You get the same tax out
of them that you do out of the individual who
lends money on notes of hand, that is upon the
interest; but you do not com pel an individual who
lend?, money on notes of hand to pay for a license
in addition.
Mr. JOHNSON. You do not make a man
pay a lie«-nse for loaning his own money.
Mr. GRIM lilS. I should like to k now whether
it lie true tlmt savings banks are established on
the piiiieipie 011 which the Senator from Maine
and the ft-'emttor from Vermont suppose them to
be. This is 11 subject that has been brought re-
cently beloie the Committee on the District o!
Columbia. Wo chartered at the commencement
of this session a savings hank in this city. The
charter wns drawn by my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Morrill,] mid drawn nccotdmg to the prin-
ciples, as I understand it, upon which savings
banks are ovdinarilyestablished. Recently a pe-
tition was sent to us asking that the [lrivilege be
extended so as to allow them to receive general
deposits. When it came before the committee
the other day I objected to the granting of that
petition for the reason that I did not think, first,
that there was any precedent for it, and in the
second place I did not think it was safe policy to
allow them to receive general deposits, because I
was afraid it might disturb the special deposits,
which are used as part of the sinking fund. But
I was told that these savings banks in Pennsyl-
vania 
Mr. MORRILL. And New York.
Mr. GRIMES. And, my friend says,in New
Yoik—I do not remember how that is—are al-
lowed to receive general deposits and negotiate
paper.
Mr. HARRIS. That is so.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Now Yoik
says it is so. If that be so, savings banks of that
description ought to be taxed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are taxed.
Mr. COLLAMER. We do tax them, and
make them pay a license in addition. Every sav-
ings bank, except such as have no fixed capital,
and whose business is confined to receiving de-
posits and loaning the same, and who do no other
business of banking, is liable to pay §100 for a
license,under this amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is exactly its effect.
Mr. COLLAMfiR. In the first place, the
amendment of the committee provided that every
savings bank should pay tt license of §100. I
propose to insert as an exception, except savings
banks who have no capital and whose business,
is confined to the loaning of deposits and do no
other banking business.
Mr. JOHNSON, Where do you insert it?
Mr. COLLAMER. In the body of the com-
mittee's amendment.
The amend men t to the amendment was agreejl to.
The amendment of the committee, as amended,
was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next section to
which 1 will call attention is section eighty, on
page 10ti. That seems to be very obscure as it
now stands. I think the obscurity may be re-
lieved by striking out the woid "a," in line
three, after the uoul " lequire," and to insert
"an additional;" anil after the word "license"
to insert the words " as a dealer;" so that it will
read:
Sfc. 80. ./Inil he it further enacted, Tlint Within? con-
tntned ill the piocedlug section* <if this act laying duties on
tk-ensea .■-hall lie construed to requiie an atklittnihi) license
as a dealer lor the sale of goods, wares, and niei'eliandise
made or produced and Mild by the lndiiuliK'turcr or pro-
ducer ai the manufactory or pl.iee where the same is ni.itle
or juoduccd.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KLfiSSENDEN. There is another verbal
amendment that 1 wish to make in that section.
In tho second line I move to strike out the words
44 laying duties on"and to insert 44 requiring;" so
that it will read:
Tli.U nothing contained in the piceedinj; sections of Una
act u quning license*, (-hull be construed, Stc.
The amendment was agreed'to.
Mr. FF.SSEiN DluN. I have an amendment
with regaid lo bullion; but I sen that the Senator
from California, (Mr. Coxness,] who takes some
inleiest in that question, is not at present in (he
Chamber, and I will pass it over and lake up sec-
tion one hundred and sixty-one, relating to the
question of banks.
Mr. McDOUUALL. I eall the Senator's at-
tention to the duty on the article of quicksilver,
just befoie the provision m regard to bullion.
Mr. FESSLSNDliN. I see that the other Sen-
ator from California is  i>t in his seat; and I pro-
pose to defer that question until he is present.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to reserve also
the duty on quicksilver as well as on gold and
silver.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i propose now to take
up section one hundred and nine, relating to banks
and banking, on page 161.
.Mr. SHERMAN. When that section was up
the other day 1 offered an amendment to it, which
1 suppose is the ponding question, to strike out
the whole section and insert a substitute.
Mr, FESSENDEN. 1 suggest toaheSenator
•—he can act according to his own pleasure about
it—I understand there is a committee of confer-
ence on the bank bill at the present time which
will probably report eaily in the week; and per-
haps it would be as well to defer action on this
subject until that is determined. I think we shall
then be able to act more understanding^ upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well. I wish to mod-
ify my amendment a little, but I can do it when
the matter comes up again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a veryslight
amendment in section one hundred and thirteen,
line sixteen, page 368, which was suggested by
the Senator from Rhode Island, who is now in
the chair, [Mr. Anthony,] which I think ought
to be made. 1 move to odd a final " s" to the
word " assessor" in that line 1
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
that there are two or three places in the bill where
''the District of Colunibia"should be inserted m
connection with the States and Territories. I do
not know whether it is best to do it now or not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will omit
them now and move them some other time, I shall
be very glad to have those amendments made, i
dare say there are omissions.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i suppose we may as
well now take up section one hundred and sev-
enty-eight, on page 232. It is the section sti iking
out the duties on liquors of domestic production
on hand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then will be on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance to strike out section one
hundred and seventy-eight, which will be read.
Tho Secretary read it, us follows:
Sec. 178. JJndbr it further enacted, Th.it all spirits of
domestic production and heldfors-aleon ihe 1st day of May,
1804, and upon winch no lax shall have been paid, shall l><;
subject to a duty of fifty cent* per gallon, and ait s>ueh
spnit-5 on hand lot sale upon which ;\ priorduty ^hall h:m;
been paid ^hall be subject to a duty ot thuty cent-, per tMl-
lon: Provided, That bona fide retail dealer-: m hpn us duty
licenced shall not be taxed on thorn stock on ham! whose
quantity on hand does not exceed two ban«d>.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Piesideni, if the ques-
tion of the tax on spirits on hand was not now
presented in a somewhat diiVerent form I would
not say anything in addition to what i have said
heretofore in regard to it. I still retain my opin-
ion,although I found myself in avery small mi-
nority, that from the beginning when we com-
menced putting the exceptional tax on spirits, tho
first tux amounting to more than the original cost
of the spirits, we should have assessed a conc-
spondingduty on that on hand. The Senate,how-
ever, adopted a policy founded upon a principle
that seemed to be just in itself. While I differed
from the Senate upon that subject I have no com-
plaint to make m regard to their decision in limes
past. But now it is proposed to raise the duty on
spirits something like six or seven times its cost.
It is piopohed to levy a duty of $1 50 a galloit alter
the 1st of January. That is about equivalent to
six times the original cost of the ai tide. It seems
to me, therefore, it now piesenis another ques-
tion when we are levying this very large duty on
the article to be manufactured whether we cannot
also properly levy a duty on the article on hand.
I do not wish to discnminate against the man-
ufacture of whisky. I do not seek to tax the ai it-
cle of whisky because the use of whisky some-
times is a gi eat moral evil, doing more harm prob-
ably to mankind than any other vice. In framing
tax laws we cannot legulate the morals of our
people. My only purpose is to levy a duty which
will yield us the laigest sum of money that the
article can pay. I believe that spirits will yield
more than any other article of excise. Ithasdono
so in France; it does it in England, and in till
other countries where the system of taxation is
now carefully elaborated, each item ot which is
carefully stated, and each item of which can be
estimated almost to the <£1,000 in the course of a
year.
We now propose by this bill to levy a duly of
$1 50 a gallon on spirits manufactuied in the fu*
tuie, and here 1 may say that it would bo much
! wiser to levy the whole of this tax on tho parage
of this law than todivide it into giadations. Thru-
will be no spirits manufactured after the pa>sugo
of this law prior to the IstofOctober. Youi rii^t
scale will therefore be inoperative. In tho duusjc
