1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
That is, the laws of war—
"are not subject to the legislative authority of any one
nation, and they are., theietore, not included within the
powers of Confess."
But the very nature of the Government, being
one of limited and delegated powers, being a com-
pact between the people of the several States in
their separate and distinct character of States, is
conclusive as to the power of Congress to legislate
beyond the grants contained in Ahe instrument
which creates Congress itself. The very first sec-
tion of the very first article of the Constitution
declares that
"All legislative power*herein granted shall be vested in
a Congress ot the United States, which shall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives."
To the Constitution, then, not to the laws of
war, we must look for all power which we can !
rightfully exercise as the legislative branch of this
Government. All powers not granted were not
reserved to the people in the aggregate, but were
reset ved to the States respectively and to the peo-
ple thereof; clearly showing that the Government
of the United States is the result of compact be-
tween the States, and that the Union created by
the Constitution is a Union only to the extent of
the powers granted, and no further. To attempt,
therefore, to make war against the States as such,
is, in my judgment and in the view which 1 have
presented of the power of the Federal Govern-
ment, an unwarrantable and arbitrary assumption
of power which the States as such would be justi-
fied before the civilized world in resisting. To as-
sume such a position is to give to the rebellion,
which we have been engaged for nearly three
years m subduing, a position which it never cauld
have obtained for itself. It is to acknowledge that
the experiment our fathers made and the institu-
tions under which we have lived and grown can
no longer be maintained by the people; not that
the experimentitself or that the institutions them-
selves are failifres, but thnt the people to whom
their preservation has been intrusted have become
unworthy of them and are lacking in that virtue
and intelligence which are necessary to enable them
to preserve institutions won for and bequeathed
to them by the founders of the Government.
The whole scope and plan of the powers of the
Government, as asceitained by the Constitution,
is to opeiatu upon individuals and not States. The
Government of the United States enforces obedi-
ence to its Constitution and laws by exacting their
rigid observance from individuals and not from
States. You have no power under the Constitu-
tion to coerce a State; you have 110 power under
the Constitution to use force against a State as
such; but you are confined in the employment of
all the force which belongs to you under the Con-
stitution to its assertion as against individuals and
not against States. This very proposition, to
authorize the Government that was about to be
fonned to use forec against a State, was made in
the Convention that framed the Constitution oftjie
United States, and was postponed without a dis-
senting voice. In the plan of a constitution and
form of government submitted to the Convention
by Mr. Randolph in the shape of resolutions, the
sixth resolution contained a grant of power "au-
thorizing an exeicise of thxs force of the whole
against a delinquent State," and when it came up
for consideration—
Mr. Madison obsei ved that the more In- refloct< <1 on the
upp ot fotee, the nunc he doubted the praetieabditj, the
justice, and the efficacy of it, when applied to people col-
lectively and not individually. An union ot these St<it<" 
containing such an ingredient -eetm-d to piovide foi Us
own distinction The n?e of 101 ce aunuist a State would
look more like a declaration of wai than an infliction ot
punishment; and would probably bo considered by the paify
attacked a - a dissolution of all piev ions compacts, by which
it mi'dit be hound. lie hoped that <-uerfsfc -tern would Im:
framed as rruglit render this unnecessary, and moved that
the clause be poMponcd. This mot.onw.is agtoed to,?tcm.
coii.1'—The Madison Paper's, vol. '"2, p. /CI.
Here, then, we have the authority which is
claimed by the Senator from Ohio denied in the
Convention that framed the Constitution,and the
nature of the force and against whom it is to be
used clearly defined.
Now, sir, what are the war powers of the Gen-
eral Government? They are contained in the
Constitution. Congress has the power
'•To declare war, grant letteis of marque and reprisal,
and make tub'- concerning captures on land and water; to
raise and suppoit aume<; but no appropriation of money
to that use shall be foi a longei teun than twoycais; to
provide and maintain a Navy; to make 1 ules for the <jov-
eminent and regulation of the land and naval forces."
That is the extent of the war powers of Con-
gress. When Congress has declared war, when
Congress has raised its army, the mode and man-
ner of conducting that war is intrusted to the Ex-
ecutive and the military authorities of the Gov-
ernment, and they are to be bound in its conduct,
by the laws of war. To suppose that a Govern-
ment created by each State for itself, a Govern-
ment that could have no force or effect in any sin-
gle State until it was ratified and adopted by that
State for itself, would contain a grant of power to
make war upon the State so adopting, is to sup-
pose that the men who created it were wholly
irrational. It is to suppose that they had learned
nothing in the war out of which they had just
come. The Government of the United States is
the child of civil war. It is the creature of civil
war. It was framed by men who resorted to civil
war for the purpose of severing the tie which uni-
ted them with the mother country. It was estab-
lished upon the principle that there could be a
union in the same Government for common pur-
poses between States of different local interests
and different local institutions. The principle that
was established by the foundation of this Gov-
ernment was, that a union of States having differ-
ent interests and dissimilar local institutions could
be formed for purposes of common defense. If
the power which is proposed to be exercised here
is exerted, and if it is necessary to be exerted to
maintain territorial unity, it is a declaration that
after seventy years of tiial that principle has
proven to be a failure, and we aie at war in 1864
to destroy what it took seven years of war, from
I77G to 1783, and six years of peace, to establish.
Mr. President, I have no interest in thfs question
of slavery. I dislike to discuss it. I only refer to
it because it has been selected as the institution to
be annihilated, and because through it State rights
are to be stricken down and State sovereignty ig-
nored. The argument that slavery is the cause of
the war, that there can be no union with slavehold-
ing States, is an aigument against the facts as-
serted and the pi inciples established by the forma-
tion of the Government; it is an argument against
the right of a State to govern itself and to prescribe
and regulate within its own jurisdiction its own
domestic and internal policy; it is an argument
which, if acquiesced in, must inevitably destroy
our present beautiful system of Government and
erect upon its rums a strong central Government;
it is an aigument tending to consolidation of power
in the cential Government; it is an argument
against *any union between States of different
geographical interests and of dissimilarlocal insti-
tutions. If wo are unable by constitutional means
to resist the power of secession and preserve the
(Jmon then has our experiment proven a failure.
Such was the view taken by the distinguished Sen-
ator fiom Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] at the sec-
ond session of the last Congress, when he said:
u Mr, President, oui nation iwn a solace and condition of
it?* national existence whcie undoubtedly it attracts more
than it 1 vei did bei-m: the notice of the no lion - of the woild,
not nieielv in lel.ition to the fkill winch i> shown in our
new piojeeuies or jmpiovcd ordnance ot juvulnerable ships,
01 even 111 out batilo, but the attention ot the woild is at-
tiacted to what to be the le.-ult on this gieat occasion of
tin- national experiment ot our-? Tliev *ay, ' Your exper-
iment ot a republican loim ot jjovesnment succeeds well
enough in tu.it* 01 peace, when theie is no occasion to tiy
it, wlien thoie \< nothing to te-t itbut they have looked
foiwaid to some tune which might bnmj pmiod* of trial
and convuNion; and the que-tion before the woild is, 1-
our svstem competent to that occasion, doe-i it possess
stien'jth .md clement^ of powet sutheient to meet the shock
ot stu'h a contmsency ? If it will not do that, they say it
not what we have <J vnned it to iu bifoie the woild—the
jrieat and <ueee--lui expei nnent in popular government.
l\TouV -ay the woild. ' v. e '•hall see whether \ou can re-
cced with what appeals tn u« a feebly foiined Government
in a pei n>d ot t.ial.' That we may be en ihled to sustain
; the Intent ity ot the nation—T mean it, entnety, not it* sense
of jiistnc— by tin1 physical force ot the nation i** but one
step in it. Thnt n not the point. The jjic.it question be-
foui the woild to he now settled by u.- i1-, can we sustain
the nitegnU oj oui Government, and peipetuate oui insti-
tution^, and do it aceoidinjr to the limitations and provis-
ions of the Con-titution J Thnt is- whati-1 to show that our
Constitution is competent to the trial, and nothing shortoi
i| that, ff, when this occa-ion anse-\ we are compelled to
11 resort to means winch, in efiect, aie the means ut-cd by
;i stionser Governments, oiu experiment is a latlure. ff we
! are constrained to cail up, invoke, and put m exercise m
1 any one department of the Govetntm nt —it is unmatenal in
S what depai tmcnt ot the Government -moie rtf powei. more
rj of force than the Constitution piovides, 01 than u limited
by that Constitution—the moment we do that, or arc eon-
' i t?nained noui out supposed nece^.-itiesto do it, wc acknovvl-
'! ecb'c before tho woild that our institutions aie insufficiently
1 founded, and that we arc after all compelled, in the period
il of trial, to report to the force which, they pay. 1* necwary
to the existence of a nation, and our experiment is a failure,
Wc should, 'therefore, particularly in a period like tilts,
carefully study and sacredly regard all the limitations and
piovistoas of the Constitution, it is vain and idle iuueto
war against a pait of our people because they have made
war upon this Government, if wc at tho same time have to
sap the foundations of the Government by stabbing through
the vitals of the Constitution."
I concur with the Senator from Vermont; arid if
we have arrived at that period in this struggle
when the legislative authority of this Government
is compelled to acknowledge that the rebellion has
so far proven a success that they have established
for themselves a government of their own which
we are bound to recognize and acknowledge, then
the time has arrived when the people of the ad-
hering States, as they are called, ought to pause
and consider well whether a continuanec of the
war for the purpose of liberating the African and
against the right of self-government in the States
is not more likely to result in their own enslave-
ment, by the loss to them of their constitutional
liberties, than in the benefit of the African.
We have never as a Congress^recognized th<?
confederate States as a belligerent power. If it be
true, as the Senator from Ohio says, " that they
have won a position beyond the reach of your
Constitution, that our war with them must be
tested by the laws of war, and these questions
must be decided by the laws of war as recognized
and practiced anong civilized nations in ancient
and modern times," I ask you for your authority
tinder the Constitution of the United States, and
as a Government created by it, to wage this war.
I regard the admission contained within thatsen-
tence as pregnant with meaning, and, if correct,
fatal to the cause of reunion.
Much of the Senator's speech was devoted to
showing that we could not put slaves in the Army
without committing ourselves to their emancipa-
tion, assuming without proving the authority in
this Government to emancipate; and to prove that
assumption he read from an act of my own State
emancipating slaves who had aided in the war of
the Revolution. The power of a State to eman-
cipate its slaves has never been doubted. The
power of the Federal Government or the power
of the Confederation which preceded it never was
invoked for the purpose of emancipating a single
slave.
TheScnator is for arming the slaves of the con-
federates. He says:
"Their whole confederacy is built, as Mr. Stephen?? said,
on the idea that man should own property in man ; that the
negio is inferior and must be held suboidinate to the white
iace; that be must be held as a slave. If they arm the
slaves and ptomise them freedom, their whole confederacy
would crumble into du&t. I do not fear any empty threats
of that kind."
Let me sny to that Senator if it shall become
necessary in this struggle for the confederates to
arm their slaves they will arm and emancipate
them too; and I will say further if their confed-
eracy never crumbles into dust until it does so
fiom the arming and emancipating their slaves it
will last until
u Heaven's last thunder shakes the world below."
The slaves know that their owners have the legal
light to emancipate them. Many of them know
that you have not. They do not concur in the opin-
ion that the Congress derives from the laws of
war legislative authority to emancipate, " by bill
or otherwise." They may have faith in the
power of your Aimy to protect them.
I have been and am willing to assert the power
of this Government against rebellion, and have,
by virtue of my location, a deeper interest in the
preservation of the Union under the Constitution
than gentlemen residing in States remote from .
the scene of hostilities. I therefore would go as
far as he who goes farthest to exert every con-
, stitutional power for the restoration of the Union;
| but I cannot, consistently with what 1 believe to
be the true policy in the attainment of that end,
consent to the exercise of powers cleaily not
within the scope of the Federal Government.
Let the contest, therefore, be conducted against
individuals in arms, and not against States; let it
be the use of force for the purpose of breaking up
and dispersing the military power of the seceded
States; let your army be not an army for con-
quest; let not war be visited upon populations and
homes; let us not have in our morning papers
achievements such as were accomplished by that
bad man, Butler, the other day in my own State
when he sent his transports and his artillery, hia
