1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS;
lence there, and I have no doubt the Acadcmy
and the shin Constitution would have been cap-
tured if General Butler had not arrived there
with his troops when he did. I was there on the
24th and 25th of April, 1861, and left Annapolis
in the steamer that cairicd some of the professors
and their families to New Yoik. 1 went on io
Now York, at ihc request of General Butler, to
obtain some heavy guns to defend the place against
armed men in the neighborhood, and seven huge
guns were sent to General Butler to protect and
defend the place. To the eighth Massachusetts
regiment was assigned the duty of fixing up the
railioad, the railroad house, and the engines, and
putting the railroad to the Junction in order, fend
when that work was done, the seventh regiment
of New York and the eighth Massachusetts passed
over the road to Washington.
But, sir, all that is now passed away and has
nothing to do with the question befoie the Senate.
Maiyland is now a loyal State, and will soon be
a free State. I have no doubt that this Academy
will ultimately be taken back to Annapolis, and
if the war was over I should very cheerfully vote
to put it there now. The only objection I have to
fixing the time now is, that we may possibly need
that place as an important military post, though
I apprehend that if we pass this amendment as pro-
posed by the Senator fiom Iowa, putting off the
return of the School for a year, and the Govern-
ment needs the place then as they need it now,
the enforcement of the act will be am sted in some
form.
Allusion has been made to the wishes of the
Secretary of War on this subject, and I think it
was suggested that his opposition to it was un-
reasonable. The Secretary of War cei tainly has
taken but little part in the matter. He has ex-
pressed quietly, but fiimly, Hie opinion that An-
napolis isa most impoitant position for certain
purposes. I will read the facts in connection with
it, as they are state'd in the letter to me from an
oliieer of the Government. The writer says:
" Tins is the gieat depot for the location of the paioled
prisoner auivmg fiom the South, and about one thud of
the number aie either hick oi wounded and jrquno hospi-
tal accommodations the moment they airive. On the ar-
rival of the last boat lrom City Point neatly live hundied
had to he sent to the hospital buildings of'thc Academy.
The War Department has, at the co-t of about one han-
dled and filtv thousand dollars, had built up an extensive
establishment for paroled men,and to take away the build-
ings of the Academy now used as hospitals would necessa-
rily uicut a heavy outlay to eithei remove the parole camp
elsevvheic oi build hospitals. Tilt's departmuU ha* al*o.
erected latge and extensive buildings on thegiounds of the
Academy lor the s>toiageof qu.itterina tei&' and commis-
saiy stoics lor the u*e ot the paroled men. These would
all have to be removed. And they have alt-o, at a heavy
expense, earned Out into the haiboi from the Academy
grounds large whaii accommodations for the landing of
the-so store-, with railroad tiaeks leading dncctly to Camp
Paiole lor the traiihpoiiation ot then: btoies. Ail these im-
portant w oi ks u ill have to be abandoned if th<' opeiations
ot the Naval Academy aie retained now.
u hi view of tliPhe important fact*, t think, as a groat
military necessity and satPty, t'>say nothing ot the immense
outlay it would eo-t the Government at tin- lime to make
tin-? change, that it the opeiutionsol the Academy could be
earned on uheie it i-- now located until tinnir.s are moie
qui< t and the lebHIion eiu-hcd. it w ould be good policy on
tiie pai t of the Government to delay this change. A huge
expedition is now littimrout fiom here, winch i(.quires the
u^e ot those wharves' built by the War Department."
Mr. GRIMES. That is all satisfactory.
Jlr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
to me that one of two courses ought to be fol-
lowed here. We should either vote against this
proposition in its present form, or we should
amend it so as to remove the Academy back to
Annapolis at the commcnccment of the next aca-
demic year. 1 understand that the academic year
commences about the 1st of October.
An objection is made by the chairman of the
Military Committee to the removal of the Acad-
emy for the next few months. Nobody would
desire that. The time to remove the Academy
would be during the vacation.
it is said that General Burnside is gathering a
lmge force at Annapolis. Does anybody sup-
pose that the force now gathered by General
Butnside is gathered tiiere to remain there perma-
nently? Will it not have left there before Oc-
tober?
Mr. WILSON. Suppose they want another
force then?
Mr.TRUMBULL. If they want anothei foice
there why legislate at this timer What is the
necessity of legislating now in regard to a matter
that is to transpire six months after the next ses-
sion of Congress? We meet here next December
and will remain in session until March. If no
step is to be taken in regard to the removal of the
Acad'cmy until a year and a half from this time,
or nearly so, why legislate about it now? The
Senator from Massachusetts says the Army may
want it hereafter. It seems to be conceded by
the honorable Senator from Iowa, who has offered
this amendment, that the military necessities of
the country arc such at this time that the Acad-
emy cannot go back to Annapolis.-
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I said I would not
stand m the way of the Military Department. I
do not know anything about it myself; but after
the representations made to me by the chairman
of the committee I would not put myself in an-
tagonism to the express wishes of the chairman
of the Military Committee and of the Secretary
of War.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The amendment itself con-
cedes it. Itdoes notpropose to remove the Acad-
emy back to Annapolis until a year from next
September or October. It is placed in that form-
Now, so far as there are any military expeditions
collecting at Annapolis at this time, they will all
be out of the way before the close of the present
academic year in all human probability. If other
expeditions aie to be organized there, they will
be in the way next year, and it will be time enough
to legislate about that next year.
It seems to me that we should provide now, so
far as wo can, for the permanent location of the
Naval Academy, and I am willing to vote for it
to go back to Annapolis next October. There is
not anything which the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affans has disclosed to militate
against that any more than against the removal
a year from next October. He is infoi med by the
Secretary of War that for a few months they need
possession of the buildings which weie occupied
by the Naval Academy at Annapolis. Is thatany
evidence that they will need them next October;
or if it is, is that any evidence that they will not
need them a year from next October justas much
as next October? It do'es seem to me that we
ought to locate this School somewhere, in view
of what has been disclosed here to-day in regard
to the msuflicienUiccommodations for it at New-
port; but I cannot see that we gain anything by
this amendment at all. It is h gi.slating in regaid
to a matter that we can legislate upon at the next
session of Congiess much more advisedly than
we can now.
Mr. GRIMES. Offer your amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will offer an amendment
to strikeout the words "academic year 1865,"
and insert, " next academic year of said Acad-
emy so that the amendment will read:
That the TTnited States Naval Academy j-diall be re-
tinned to and i-siahh-le'd at the Naval Academy gioundsm
Annapolis, m the rotate ot Maiv land, beioro the commence-
ment ot the next academic year of said Academy.
The amendment to the amendment was t ejected.
The PRESIDENT protempore. Thequestion
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, on which the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 17; as follows:
YEAH -Mes«;if-. Collamer, Conner., Cowan, Davi«;
HooliUle, Fet^endfii. Foot", Fostei, Gumes. Hale, Harlan,
Ham-:, llendei-son, Heudiick.s,JohribOn, Nesnuth, Powell,
Riddle, >-*h< iman, and \Vilh:>—-20.
NAYS—Me^i-. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler, Dixon,
Howard, Lane of Lai's-a-*. Morgan, Pomeioy, Kamsey,
Spiague, Sumner, Ten JLhek, Trumbull, Wade, Wilkui-
son, Wilson, and Wught—37.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr.POWELL. 1 have an amendment to offer
as an mdepi ndent section:
♦ 9?ii? hr jt further cna<-te<\ That from and after the l^t day
of July. Itfi'K ail acts and pair* of acts granting allowances,
or bounties on the tonnaiie ol vessels engaged in the Bank
ox otliei cod fisheries be, and the s>ame ate heicby, re-
pealed.
I desire this amendment to be adopted in tins
bill, and I have no question but that a majotity
of the Senate aie in favor of it. I luue many
times attempted to get a direct vote on this prop-
osition m the Senate, i have during the last two
years introduced bills for the purposeof effecting
this object. Dunng an entire session of the last
Congiess I hud a bill of that kind before a com-
mittee of this body. They kept it snugly away
and never would report it back. I offered it dur-
ing the last session as an amendment to a revenue
bill, and some Senators who declared ^h'&t'tH^y
were in favot&of it decline? to Vote for it
amendment to a revenue bill, "but'indicated thfct
they would vote for it as: a separatfe .etnd,Inde-
pendent proposition before the'^Seffate'. . 1
Some time back I introduced it as a 'sep'aVate
and independent proposition ag$tin, and I had it
sent to the Comrtfitcee on Finance. ' By some
hocus pocus it got out of the' possession of "that
committee, as I found when { inquired about it,
and got again into the possession of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, where it was kept during the
whole of the last session. I expressly withheld
it from the Committee on Commerce at ^this'ses-
sion and sent it to another committee, because the
Committee on Commerce kept it all the last ses-
sion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will explain to the Sen-
ator the "hocus pocus." I do not know what
he means by that expression.
Mr. POwELL. I do not mean any reflection
on the Committee on Finance. I onlymerfn that
1 do not know how it got away from that com-
mittee to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Committee on Fi-
nance reported the bill back with a recommenda-
tion that it be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. The honorable Senator was sitting in his
seat when I made that report, and made no ob-
jection and no comment.
Mr. POWELL. Really I did not know that
the motion was made or I should have made ob-
jection. I am not, however, censuring the Com-
mittee on Finance for what they did. But, sir, I
think" that this is a proper bill upon which to place
this amendment. I called upon the Committee on
Commerce, as the chairman will bear me witness,
some dozen times to send us the bill back at the last
session. 1 told him, " If you are against it, report
it back adversely," but I could notgetit reported
back, and I believe it has now gone to that com-
mittee for the purpose of being held there until
the session is closed. The committees are notso
organized in this Chamber as to allow favorable
action to the measuics of other sections of the
country outside of New England.
This is a small matter, Senators say. It has
heretofore taken some half a million dollars an-
nually outof the public Treasury for the purpose
of paying these bounties to the vessels in the Bank
and other cod fisheries, and, in my judgment,
without any benefit whatever to the country. The
people of the great West and the other parts of the
country are taxed to pay this amount of money.
Mr. President, I have looked into this subject
of the organization of the committees a little.
We have m the Senate represented now twenty-
five States. There are twenty-two standing com-
mittees; there are three joint committees; there
are two select committees; and one joint commit-
tee on the conduct nnd expenditures of the war.
They are all virtually standing committees. New
England is here with twelve Senators; twenty-
five States are represented in the Senate; and New
England has fourteen chairmen of those twenty-
eight committees.
Mr. POMEROY. You say there are only
twelve Senators from New England?
Mr. POWELL. I know there are only twelve
Senators fiom New England; but every Senator
from New England, save and except the Senator
fiom Maine, [Mr. Morrill,] is chairman of a
committee; and there are three Senators from
New England who are chairmen of two commit-
tees. Kansas has no chairman of a committee.
Sir, is that a piupwdistribution of the committees
of this body? New England, with a population
about equal to that of Pennsylvania, and less than
that of New York, I believe, has half the chair-
men of committees in the Senate Chamber. What
do you gi vc to the gi eat State of New York? My
fiicnd, the worthy Senator from thatState, [Mr.
Harris,] is chairman of the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims—a committee from whom I
never heard a report but once since I have had
the honor of a seat in this Senate, now about five
years, and I doubt very much whether that hon-
orable Senator's committee has ever met. The
gu.at State of Pennsylvania, so ably represented
in this Chamber—a State that has nearly as much
population as all the States of New England to-
gether—has bui one chairman of a committee,
and that is the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, while New England has the chair-
