526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
gunboats and his infantry, to a widowed lady's
plantation, not residing upon it, but who had col-
lected for the support of her servants some twenty
or thirty thousand pounds of pork and other pro-
visions for their subsistence, Butler's division
destroyed the provisions thus collected for the
servants, ninety-nine of whom he captured and
brojughtaway with him,and thereupon a dispatch
appears in the papers of the day headed,14 Great
battle at Brandon; General Butler's groat vic-
tory; an achievement of which the nation ought
to be proud;" all of which, the destruction of the
private property of an absent widow lady and the
capture of her slaves, was accomplished without
the loss of a man or the sinking of a transport.
No, Mr. President, those people are en titled, not
only under the Constitution of the United States j
but by the laws of war, to your protection. They j
have a claim upon your sympathy. They were \
.your fellow-citizens. They are now, because of <
your inability to protect them, compelled to ac-
knowledge what is to them a government de facto.
You should be able to afford protection where you
demand allegiance.
Mr. President, I have said from the beginning,
and I have been confirmed in that opinion by
every day's experience, that the mere coercive
powers of this Government never will restore the
Union- What progress have you made in its ac-
complishment? Where has your Army gone one
hundred miles from your water or your rail trans-
portation? Do you not know the utter impossi-
bility of carrying it any distance where you will
have to wagon over miserable roads the supplies to
subsist the men? The further you go into the in-
terior, the further you recede from the great lines
of communication and thoroughfares of travel,
and the larger your Army, the weaker it becomes.
I claim no sympathy for the authors of this re-
bellion; I grant your power to use physical force
against armed rebellion; but I think true policy
requires, as well as humanity dictates, that we
should distinguish between those in rebellion
against your authority, those in arms, and those
who are not willingly engaged in an effort to sever
the connection that heretofore existed between
litem and this Government. Bring to bear your
power against offending individuals; but at the
same time bring to bear your power m favor of
those who are not engaged in the stiife, or who
have been made the unwilling instruments of a
power which they were unable to resist.
In the war with Mexico instructions were sent
out from the War Department to our generals to
purchase even their supplies from the Mexicans.
No one doubts the right in time of war to levy
contributions on the enemy for the supportof the
Army; but that law of war was modified by our
Government in its instructions to the command-
ing general in Mexico. Shall we treat these peo-
ple worse than we treated the Mexicans? If it
was deemed right to accompany the Army with
one empowered to treat for peace with a foreign
nation, is it improper to accompany the Army with
the olive-branch now ? Will you exact obedience
to your Jaws where you are unable to give pro-
tection ?
In the beginning of the struggle we clearly de-
fined its character, clearly defined the power of
the Government of the United States as against
the citizens of the seceded States. Wo declared
it to be, what alone it can constitutionally be, an
exertion of the physical power of the nation against
individuals, and not against States. In the in-
structions of Mr. Seward to our ministers in Great
Britain and Franco, m April, 1861, he expicssly
disclaimed all right or all poweron thepartofthc
Government of the United States to interfere during
this war, if you call it such, with the rights of any
State; and he said, m so many words, that whether
the rebellion should succeed or should fail the
status of the slave would remain the same. The
President of the United States, in his inaugural
address delivered from the eastern portico of this
Capitol, expressly disclaimed all authority to in-
terfere with the domestic institutions of the States,
and all desire to do so._ Let us adhete to the po-
sition taken by these different organs of the Gov-
ernmental! by the Congress of the United States
in its resolution of July, 1861, prosecute this strug-
gle against individuals for the purpose of assert-
ing the supremacy of the Constitution and enfor-
cing obedience to the laws made in pursuance
thereof.
So late as last July Mr. Seward, in a letter to
Mr. Adams, taking a survey of our domestic re-
lations, which I shall not detain the Senate by
reading, for I presume Senators are familiar with
it, characterizes the struggle in which we are en-
gaged as an insurrection, and denies that the con-
federate States are entitled to recognition as a bel-
ligerent Power. A discussion in this body urging
that they have won a position outside of the Con-
stitution and acknowledging them as an independ-
ent Power, and recognizing them as a belliger-
ent, will not be likely to facilitate what I presume
was the object of the Secretary's dispatch to our
minister in England.
What is a war of conquest, Mr. President?
Who can tell when it ends? It is interminable;
never ending; always existing. It may for a time
be lulled into quiet, but only to gather renewed
strength and to renew the combat.
Mr. DOOLITTLE obtained the floor; and "on
his motion the further consideration of the bill
was postponed until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the Sen-
ate proceeded to 'the consideration of executive
business; and after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 8, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
ORDER. 02 BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of the States and Terri-
tories for bills for reference, not to be brought
back into the House by motions to reconsider.
DEPARTMENTAL REPRESENTATION.
Mr. PENDLETON, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to provide that the Sec-
retaries of Executive Departments may occupy
seats on the floor of the House of Representatives; i
which was read a firstand second time by its title,
and referred to a select committee of seven.
FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW.
Mr. SPALDING, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a bill to repeal the fugitive slave
law; which was read a first and second time by
its,title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
DEPARTMENT OF INDUSTRY.
Mr. ORTH, in puisuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to crcatc and organize a De-
partment of the Government to be called the j
Department of Industry; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the.
Committee on the Judiciary.
LAND ENTRIES IN MISSOURI.
Mr. BLOW, in pursuance of previous notice, I
introduced a bill to confirm certain entries of land
in the State of Missouri; which was read a first :
and secofid time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Pnhhc Lands. ;
PAY OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill to amend the sixteenth section
of the act entitled "An act to define the pay and
emoluments of certain officeis of the Army, and
for'other purposes," approved July 17, 1862;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
IMPORTED OOODS FOR CANADA.
Mr. JULIAN intioduced a bill to repeal so
much of the acts of Congress appioved March
3, 1845, and August 6, 3d46, as authorizes the
transportation of goods imnoited from foreign
countries through the United States into Canada,
or from Canada into the United States, to be ex-
ported to foreign countries; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
UTAH INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. KINNEY introduced a bill to vacate the
present Indian reservations in Utah Territory and
to settle the Indians in the Umta valley; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN UTAH.
Mr. KINNEY also introduced a bill to provide
for the appointment of commissioners to ascer-
tain and report to the Secretary of the Interior
the losses sustained by the people of the^ Terri-
tory of Utah by Indian depredations; which was
read a first and.second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
INDIAN LANDS IN UTAH.
Mr. KINNEY also introduced a bill to extin-
guish the Indian title to lands in the Territory of
Utah suitable for agricultural and mineral pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
SEVENTH DISTRICT IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, presented a repot t, accompanied by two res-
olutions, declaring that Lewis McKenzie is not
entitled, and that B. M. Kitchen is not entitled,
to a seat in this House as a Representative in the
Thirty-Eighth Congress from the seventh con-
gressional district in Virginia, and asked that the
report bo printed and laid upon the table.
It was so ordered.
Mr. SMITH presented the views of the minor-
ity of the Committee of Elections on the same
question, and asked that they be printed and laid
upon the table with the other report.
It was so ordered.
CALL OF STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next busi-
ness in order, to call the States for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Wisconsin.
CHICAGO IIARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. ARNOLD. As I was not%present when
the State of Illinois was called for bills, I now ask
unanimous consent to introduce an act to improve
the Chicago harbor.
Mr. HOLM AN called for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move its reference to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. As this is a bill
to levy a tax on all the commerce of the lakes, I
move that it be referred to a select committee of
nine.
Mr. ARNOLD. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that I have introduced the bill for the purpose of
having the subject investigated. I am not pre-
pared to say I shall support the bill. 1 want the
subject examined.
The SPEAKER. Under the present call there
can be no debate on any bill introduced.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I have no op-
position to the, reference of the bill, provided it
be sent to a select committee.
The SPEAKER. Bills introduced under this
call are to be referred,under the rule, to their ap-
propriate committees. The House can determine
which is the appropriate committee.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Then I object
to the introduction of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late.
The question was taken on the reference to the
Committee on Commerce; and it was agreed to.
So the hill, having been read a first and second
time, was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GR1NNELL, having been absent when
the State of Wisconsin was called, asked leave to
introduce a bill.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia, objected.
PLEDGg OF PUBLIC ECONOMY.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, offered the fol-
lowing resolution, and moved the previous ques-
tion on its adoption:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House are due to those
noble women who, a-* members of Sanitary Commissions
Ladies' Aid Societies, and Ohu-tian i 'ormiii&sions, have
contributed in labor and moan* to the relief of our soldiers ;
that this aid has become neces-Mity. nor beeau&e Congiess
is unwilling to meet every demand winch justice to our
brave men m the field may lequne, either m the way of
bounties, pay, or relief, but br-cnu«t> we recognize the fact
that tiie resources of the country m money and credit foi m
a material paitolour power to eiu-'li out the rebellion, and
that the rmte bestowed by the poo- and the bounly contrib-
uted by the rich are uiatei lal aids n the i igiiteous work be-
fore us; th.it this Hou'-e recognizes its own duty to respond
to the patriotic efforts reterred to, and to reserve, so far as
pos< fb]e, the public iunds and credit for the uses of the war;
