THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
jnanshipB of the Committees on the War, the
Navy, Finance', and Foreign' Relations. These
are tlie committe'es in these times of the greatest
importance. All the others are insignificant com-
pared with the tour that I have named.
JJow^s it with the Pacific coast? There is an
cjiipire:Oii the Pacific represented by four honor-
able Senators in this Chamber. There is no
chairman of a committee from the whole Pacific
coast. How is it, with the great' West that fur-
rjisEes the men in this war, and from whom the
taxes will be wrung to pay the vast debt incurred
by it? Are any of the Senators from the West
chairmen of these important committees? No,
sir.. How is it with the adhering slave States,
Maryland, Kentucky, Missouri, West Virginia?
Not one of litem has the chairmanship of a com-
tjlittee. I believe there never was a body that
liad,committees so organized from one small sec-
tiori'of the country before on the face of the earth.
It is no wonder, with committees thus organized,
that we have matters of great moment to other
people, in which that section of the country is i.n-
' tcYe'stcd, that we cannot get before the Senate in
proper form. Sir, I am sick and tired of it. If
they will report my bills back, even adversely, I
shall have a chance of testing the opinion of the
Senate upon them; but that they do not do. This
measure in particular has been strangled there
long enough. I think it is time for them to learn
that there are men outside of New England.
' It cannot bo said that the distribution of these
committees is made because of the party politics
of Senators here. It has not been the usage of
the Senate to give the minoVity the chairmanship
of committees. 1 do not expect it; I do not ask
it. I know it was not the custom of the Demo-
cratic party when they held a majority here; and
I do not expect any Democrat to be made the
chairman of any one of these committees. No-
body lias a right to complain of the Republican
ipajoiity on that account, and I make no com-
plaint ol'that, because the precedent has been set
lliem by the Democratic party to appoint none but
members of the majority chairmen of the commit-
tees. But, sir, there are Senators here from the
Pacific coast who hold the same political views
with the majority; there are Senators here from
theadheringslave States who hold the same polit-
ical sentiments with them; there are Senators here
from the great West who hold political sentiments
in common with them; there are Senators from
New York and Pennsylvania also agreeing with
them politically. In my judgment theie never
was such nn organization of committees on the
face of the earth.
It may be said that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce that holds my bill is a west-
ern man. He is, but when 1 speak to him about
it he tells mo," See Mr. Moriull," who is on that
committee.
They cunnot escape from the chargo of absorb-
ing the chairmanship of all the committees in that
section of the country on the ground that they
are given to them by seniority. I know it has
been sometimes the custom in the Senate not to
five new Senators the chairmanshipofcommitti'cs;
ut I observe here that a Committee on Manufac-
tures was organized at this session, and a new
Senator occupying a seat in this Chamber for the
first time made its chairman, although there were
eminentScnators here wholuul served in this body
for years and years, Senators of their own party,
who were not the chairmen of any committees.
Mr. CONNESS. Iftlie Senator will permit me,
as I have not been in the Senate before this ses-
sion i will ask him, for information, if he will
yield it, whether it was iiis habit to make this
complaint a little while ago when the chairmen
of the committees of this body were almost ex-
clusively made up from the South?
Mr. ANTHONY. All but one.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire whether
the Senator was in the habit of making this com-
plaint then, and if so, how did the lords of those
times take it?
Mr. POWELL. I never had any occasion to
make it. When the Democratic party was in the
majority here 1 was not the chairman of any
committee and do not expect to be now. 1 thought
the Senator rose to make an inquiry in regard" to
the bill that 1 introduced.
Mr. CONNESS. Although the Senator did
not understand my inquiry, I did not understand
the Senator as complaining that he was not made
the head of a committee. I asked him this ques-
tion, as to whether it was his habit when the com-
mittees of this body had their chairmen made up
almost exclusively from the South to make equal
complaint.
Mr. POWELL. I am not in the habit of mak-
ingcomplaims; and while I have noticed this thing
from the beginning, I have never said anything
about it, and would not now but for the fact that
bills that interest all the other people in the coun-
try, hut strike down a small interest-of a portion
of New England, cannot get reported in this Sen-
ate. That is the reason why 1 make this com-
plaint, and why I have taken this occasion to ex-
pose the formation of these committees.
Mr. WILSON. Whatcommitteeliasthe bill ?
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on Com-
merce, the chairman of which is a western man
but of New England birth, and when I interro-
gate him about it he sends me to Governor Mor-
rill—I beg pardon; I should say the Senator from
Maine—-who is deeply interested in this matter.
I am glad to see the honorable Senator fiom
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] in his scat. He
knows how persistently 1 asked him to report this
bill at the l.tst session.
Mr. President, the amendment that I propose
is eminently proper. Some thirteen million dol-
lars have been paid out of the public Treasury for
these bounties. I have heretofore laid before the
Senate n report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury showing that about one half of it was ob-
tained by fraud. Until the last year or two—I
have not looked at it since this war commenced,
and I do not know how it may be now—the an-
nual amount of these bounties was between five
and six hundred thousand dollars or thereabouts;
sometimes greater and sometimes less perhaps.
There is no reason why the earnings of a great
laboring class of this country should be taken for
the putpose of paying these bounties.
They say these bounties are necessary to en-
courage a nuisety for seamen. I know the argu-
ment that has been employed heretofore and will
bo employed to-day, if there is any argument on
the subject; but, sir, with our immense mercantile
marine wo want no such nurseries for seamen.
The Secretary of the Treasury in the time of Mr.
Pierce said it was rather a nursery for fraud and
falsehood and false swearing than for seamen.
Our people are now being taxed heavily to pay
the enormous expenses accruing from tilts war,
and we should retrench at every point. I know
very well that the hard earnings of the great la-
boring interest of this country will have to pay
the amount of money paid for these bounties, and
it nearly all goes to Maine and Massachusetts.
Is it right, is it equitable, is it just? It certainly
is not.
I hope my friends from the West, who really
arc in favor of this proposition, will not cast a vote
against it because I propose it as an amendment
to this bill. It is eminently proper, in my judg-
ment, that it should be placed here. They know
how faithfully 1 have tried to get a separate vote
upon it.
Our people now are taxed as much as they can
bear, and do not let us increase it by throwing
away the public money in these bounties to en-
rich afew people in New England. Itis not right;
it is not creditable; it is not just. We might just
as well give the farmers of Kansas or Illinois a
bounty for raising pigs or for plowing potato
patches, as to give these men these bounties on
the tonnage of their vessels engaged in this cod-
fishing business, or in any of these Bank fisheries.
You may as well give a miller in the West or in
any other portion of the country a bounty for the
power he employs in his mill to grind the grain
of the people.
I am not going to take up the time of the Senate
tn discussing this proposition. I have made this
explanation of the reasons which induce me to
offer it as an amendment to this bill, and I hope
the Senate will adopt it. My friend from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] has very propel ly placed upon this
bill an amendment to locate the Naval Academy.
I hope that every Senator in this Chamber who
is really friendly to thismeasure will vote to place
it here. It will" be the surest and best means of
getting clear of the unjust and obnoxious law au-
thorizing these bounties. If the law ever had any
virtue in it, that time has long since passed. Wo
certainly have plenty of nurseries for seamen now
without hiring such kind of training as they have
in these Bank fisheries.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very anxious to
finish this bill to-night, and on those appropria-
tion bills generally 1 do not allow myself ever to
be drawn into a debate; btt-t really the train of
remark which has been adopted by the Senator
from Kentucky is so very singular that I feel it
a sort of duty to say a word upon the subject.
This is not the first time he has taken occasion
to attack New England. Hedid it the other day
in his speech. I believe he did not exactly say
that New England soldiers and officers were all
cowards, but he seemed to intimate such a thing.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Maine
will allow me to say that I never said the New
England people were cowards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; he did not say
that; but he seemed to intimate that they did not
amount to much any way.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think so. If the
Senator will allow me, I think the men of New
England are as brave as any other men.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 wish tosuggestto the Sena-
tor from Kentucky that I happened to be m the
chair temporarily or I would have noticed it at
the' time, and the Senator from Kentucky took
occasion to say distinctly that he would not dis-
grace Kentucky by comparing her soldiers with
those of any State ill New England.
Mr. POWELL. If theSenator willallowme,
he is mistaken even in that.
Mr. FOSTER. I think I have got the exact
words.
Mr. POWELL. I said this: that I would not
degrade Kentucky so far as to contrast her mili-
tary achievements in the wars we have had with
any State in the Union.
Mr. FOSTER. Her soldiers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator used very
offensive language m regaid to it. I did no.t
listen to his speech, and therefore I did not at
the time hear it. I will say to the Senator I am
not in the habit of listening to his speeches, for
the simple reason that I think they are made, not
with reference to any questions before the Senate
or any rights or interests of the people, but sim-
ply with an intention to make some political cap-
ital and to produce political effect; and to such
speeches 1 do not think it worth while to attend.
Whatever the honorable Senator may have said
about New England then, or whatever lmputa-
'tions he may cast upon her now, I shall not un-
dertake to defend her. 1 cannot help saying
that I will not degrade myself by attempting to
defend New England against anything that the
Senator from Kentucky chooses to say. She is
as far above the reach of any words he may use
as heaven is above the earth. He cannot touch
her proud record either in the days of the Revo-
lution or in any days subsequent; and, to use a
quotation which 1 believe he recited the other day,
his words on that subject are simply
" Fuil of sound ami fury,
Signifying nothing.'"
With, regard to this question of the fishing boun-
ties, if the Senator in his remaiks had confined*"
himself simply'to that, and not made the whole
subject a matter of imputation upon the majority
here, and especially upon the section of country
that I represent, I would not have said a word; I
would have left the Senate, I would have left tny
friends from the West, or any gentlemen here, to
decide for themselves upon the propriety of put-
ting a measure of that kind upon the tail of a gen-
puil appropriation bill providing for the Navy.
If theie isany Senator on this floor from any sec-
tion of the country who thinks it a mutter of such
pressing importance that he would place it upon
a bill of this description, standing: as it does be-
fore the Senate, he would vote so; and no words
of mine would convince him of the propriety or
impropriety of it. I take it, there is no Senator
from any section of the country who, if he chose
to vote so, would have any apprehensions that
ho could not defend his vote m relation to the
matter.
Sir, 1 never have made in this Senate or out of
it a sectional appeal 01 a sectional remark. By
" sectional" I mean ay between ourselves and the
West. In oid times i used to have some he t con-
tests with gentlemen hom the South upon the sla*
very question; bat, as I said, i have not made a
