1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527~
that, while acknowledging and encouragingtheseindividual
efforts, which have (consideted as the results of the labor
of the lair bands of our ladies alone) bi ought important sums,
and which nt the great northwestern fair at Chicago alone
produced §75,000, it would be cruel mockery to those noble
women tor this House to expend millions upon any schemes,
however specious, to winch public faith is not already
pledged, or not demanded by the immediate necessities- of
this war; and that, in view of the premises, this House
pledges its faith alike to the women of the country, to the
men who have liberally contributed of their substance, and
to our creditors, that it" will pursue a couise of rigid econ-
omy} and, while exercising a wise and cautious liberality to-
ward all objects immediately connected with the suppres-
sion ofthe lebelhon, it will suietly refrain from all schemes,
whether of internal impiovemcnt or otherwise, to which
public faith is not already pledged, and which, not mateii-
ally affecting the war now befoie u«,may constitute a charge
either upon the credit or means ofthe countiy.
Mr. ARNOLD. 1 propose to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has moved the previous question.
Mr. MORRILL. Is it in order to ask for a
division ofthe resolution, letting it end at the close
of the first paragraph ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it ^ sus- (
ceptible of division. j
Mr. DAWES. If the previous question be not 1
seconded, the resolution will be open to debate. 1
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Arnold] has given notice of his intention to
debate it.
The previous question was not seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes 34, noes 67.
The SPEAKER. The resolution goes over,
under the rule.
Mr. STEVENS. I would like to offer an
amend ment to the effect that" therefore cach mem-
ber of this House shall pay fifty dollars to the
Sanitary Commission." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That amendment will he in
order when the resolution comes before the House.
COMMUTATION MONEY.
Mr. ELDRIDGE submitted the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
required to furnish to this "Hou?e information as to the
amount of moneys received up to this time for commuta-
tion bv drafted men; also what disposition has, been made
ofvmd moneys. If substitutes have been purchased tor
diafted men, how many; where and who iiave been pro-
cured as such substitutes; what sum has been paid tor each,
and whether for white or black, and how much for each.
The SPEAKER. This being a resolution call-
ing on one of the Executive Departments for in-
formation requires unanimous consent to be con-
sidered.
Many Members objected.
The SPEAKER. It will lie over for one day.
COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to this House: 1. The number of regiment* of
negio ttoops already enlisted, the time when eacti regiment
was organized,and tiienuinberof puvatesin each regiment.
2. The amount paid for homines, pay, and equipments of
eacli regiment, and all other sums paid out in connection
with their organization.- 3. In what battles negio regi-
ments have been engaged, and what regiments have boen
so engaged, and how many belonging to such legiments
have been killed and how many wounded m such battles,
discriminating between the different battles.
Objection was made; and the resolution was
laid over for one day, under the rules. j
THANKS TO MAJOR GENERAL W. T. SHERMAN, !
Mr. COBB, on leave, introduced a joint reso- i
lution tendering the thanks of Congress to Major
General W. T~ Sherman; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. COBB demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly lead the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CORR moved tb reconsider the vote by
whichtheresolution wasadopted; and also moved ,
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the j
table. |
The latter motion was agreed to. j
ARREST OF CONSUL GENERAL. ;
Mr. HIGBY submitted the following resolu- \
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to: i
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re- \
quested to communicate to this House all information in !
the State Departmcnttouching the arrest of our consul gen-
eiai to the Biin.-h North American provinces; and all offi-
cial communications touching Canadian commcrcc that
have been made by the Colonial Secretary or other Canadian
or CiitKh officer since the 1st of November last to our Gov-
ernment.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SHANNON presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of California relative to Indian
affairs; which were referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
FItlSKDMKN.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following reso-
lution; on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Whereas James E. Yeatman, pi evident of the western
sanitary commission, who has recently visited the planta-
tions and camps of the freedmen along the Mississippi, has,
m reporting his observations of the same, made the follow-
ing statements, namely : Dr. Littlefield, who is the physi-
cian of the Infiimary Farms, is located at the Savage place,
wheie lie has established a fieedmen's hospital. He ap-
pears to take a very deep interest in this people, and is de-
sirous to aid in improving their condition, fie reports lie
ha« to luimsh medicines and attendance to many of those
on leased plantations, especially to those on the places
leased by one man who had leased five plantations, who^c
negioes are greatly neglected and poorly provided for. The
testimony of quite a number of poisons fully couohoiated
this statement. One of the freedmen, Ilenson Jackson,
working at Wilton's plantation, said that they get corn
wherever they can {hid it on abandoned plantations ; that
they frequently have to go as fai as Tensas* Bayou ; that he
has been without biead for days; that four pounds of meat
per week is all tli.tt is allowed him; that he pays lor his
floui, and has worked since April without receiving any
pay or clothing whatever; that lie only leceives tickets for
actual day's work, to be paid when the eiop issold. Others
fiom the same farm testified to the same thins, and labor-
eis from other plantations gave similar testimonj. None
received molasses, nee, or beans, and hominy only when
they choose to make it themselves. The poor neuioes.iM*
everywhere greatly depressed at their condition. Thevall
testily that it they wetc only paid then little wages as they
earn them, so iIjju they could pmchu^c clothing, and vveio
furnished with the provisions piomised, they could stand
it; but to work and get poorly paid, pooily fed, and not
doctored when sick, is more than thej can endure. Among
the thousands whom I questioned none showed the lean
unwillingness to work. If they could only be paid lair
wages they would be contented and happy. They do not
realize that they air free men : Thereto!e,
Resolved, That the committee on emancipation be in-
structed to inquire what, if any, legislation is necessary tor
the lelicf and pioper management of said iieodinon; and
thatsaid committee bu authoiized to repoit by bill or other-
wise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered: and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
THE REBELLION.
Mr. BLAIR, of "West Virginia, submitted the
following resolutions; on which he demanded the
previous question:
Wheieas the pie«ent deplorable civil war wa« inaugu-
rated and is still caiuedon by a few desperate but daitng
men who, wjihouiany causp whatever, have not only .filled
the land with widows and orphans and caused almost untold
millions ol tieasure to be spent, but have put m peiil the
very life of that Government which never deprived thmri of
one* solitary i itthr, hut whieh was so mild and beneficent it
was only know n by the blessings it conierred. And wheieas
Jeffeison l)avi<, tin* chief of rebels, is repotted to have
said in a speech delivered in Jackson, Mississippi, m De-
cember, lb6^: "My only wonder i? that we consented to
live so long a tune in association with such miscreants
(lefcmng to the people of the North) and have loved a Gov-
ernment intten to the core. Were it ever to be proposed
again to enter into a union with such a people I could no
more consent to do it than to nun myself in a den ot
thieves." And whereas this same high official in the great
sj nagogue ofrebeldom has repeatedly since, in his messages
to the rebel congies-; utterly repudiated the idea of ever
ceasinir his wicked designs and leturning to hi5* allcgintiee
to the Government, whose Constitution and laws he has
ttampled under loot; and has also deeiaied that no compro-
mise would be entertained by lutn, or tnose he represent*,
that did not secure tothc States in ieb< llion tbei) independ-
ence and final separation liom the United States. And
whereas Alexander 11. Stephens the uce president of the
so-called southern contederacy, is icpoited to have said in
a speech delivered in the nn nth ot July, 1^63, at Chat iotte,
North Carolina, '-As for reconstruction, such a thing was
impossible; such an idea mu-stnofbe tolerated for an in-
stant. iteeon-ti uction would not end the war, but would
produce a moic hon ibie war than that in which we are now
engaged. The only teims on which we can obtain perma-
nent peace is final and complete st paranon fioin the North.
Rather than pubmit to anything shoit of that, let n« all re-
solve to die like men woithy of freedom.*' And wheieas
John Letcher, in one of iiis messages to the lebe! leg^la-
tuie of the State of Viigima, declaied, •' The alliance be-
tween us is dissolved, (meaning between the United States
'and the southern States.) never I trust to be renewed, at
any tune, under any conceivable state of circumstances.*'
And whereas the Richmond Enquirer, one of the organs
and advocates of this imaginary southern confederacy, in
it? issue of Januaiy 9, lbb3, says, "Separation is inevi-
table. War lias failed to pievent it. Peace cannot nop it.
An armistice with pionositions for reconstruction by con-
stitutional amendments of conventions of States would very
soon reveal the tact that separation was final; and, so far
as one generation can speak for its successors, it is eter-
nal." And whereas the Richmond Dispatch ol January 10,
1863, another organ of the leaders of this wanton andim- '
provoked rebellion, said in response to a peace and re-
union speech, delivered In New Yoik by the editor of the
Express," That we assuie him that the people of the con-
federate States would infinitely piefer being the vassals of
France or England; nay, they would prefer to be serfs of
Russia, to becoming in any manner whatever associated po-
litically or otherwise with the Yankee Stales." And fur-
ther, " that President Davis expressed the sentiment of the
entire confederacy in his speech the other night, (in Rich-
mond,) when he said' the people would sooner unite with
a nation of hyenas than with the detestable Yankee nation.
Anything but that. English colonization, French vassal-
age, Russian serfdom—ail, all are preferable to any asso-
ciation with the Yankees.'" And whereas the Richmond
Sentinel, still another advocate of this new-fledged con-
federacy, in its comments on the proceedings of what is
known as the FrankPierce meeting,hrldatConcotd,New
Hampshire, on the 4th day of July, 1863, says, "T)o the
New Hampshire Democrats suppose for one moment that
we cotild so much as think of a reunion with such a peo-
ple? Rather tell one to be wedded to a corpse; rather join
hands with the. fiend from the pit. The blood of many thou-
sands of martyrs is between us. A thousand-feelings of
iiorror repel the idea ofa renewal of affection." And whereas
the Richmond Whig, another mouthpiece of treason and
of crime, in its issue of the 10th of January, 1863, speak-
ing of those, who are opposed to breaking up the Union
bequeathed to them by their fathers, says, "They are by
nature menials:, and fitted only for menial duties. They
are in open and flagrant insuirection against their natural
lords and masters, the gentlemen ol the South, in the ex-
ercise of their assumed privileges they depoit themselves
with all the extiavagantaiis, the insolence, the cruelty, the
cowaidice and love of lapine, which have ever character-
ized the revolt of slaves. The ionner leniency of their
master* only serve* to aggravate the ferocity of thpir na-
tme. When they are again i educed to subjection, and
taught to know their place, we must take care to put such
tMinmeh about them that they will never have an oppor-
tunity to play their tricks again." It is therefore,
1. Ilaolved, That any attempt on the part of the Govern-
ment <'l the United States to conciliate the leaders of the
present H-belhon, or compromise the questions involved,
would be but an attempt on the one hand to rob the gallows
of its own, and on the other to humiliate and bring into
utter contempt this Government in the estimation of the
civilized woiId.
2. Resolved, That every State which has ever been la
still a State in the Union,and that wheu this rebellion shall
have been put down each of the so-calied seceding States
will hav<uthe same rights, piivileges, and immunities under
the Consmution as any one of the loyal States, except so
<ai as the holding of Afiican slaves in bondage is affected
by the President's proclamation of the 1st of January, 1863,
the action of Congress on the subject, or the events of the
war.
3. Resolved, That tins House utteily repudiate the doc-
trine advanced by some, that the so-called seceding States
have ceased to be States of and in the Union, and have be-
come Tori nones theioof, or stand in the relation of forcigu
Powers at war therewith.
During the reading of the proposition,
Mr. MALLORY said: Mr. Speaker, is them
no rule excluding such resolutions on account of
their extreme length ?
The SPEAKER. If there be any such rule
the gentleman will point it out.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Chair for inform-
ation.
The SPEAKER. The Cliair is not aware of
any which will affect lengthy resolutions, except
the hour rule. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. Watch carefully and see
whether it does not occupy more than an hour.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Is it in order to offer a
resolution with a slump speech in the body of it?
Mr. GRINNELL. If gentlemen wish them
left out of the resolution 1 ask that they have
privilege to insert the extracts in theif speeches.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is m order.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in or-
der to have the preamble reprinted?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that it be laid upon
the tabie.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is being re-
ported for information. Gentlemen ofthe House
have the right to know what it is they are to lay
upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it proper to insert in a
resolution speeches of rebels who have seceded
from the United States?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware of
any rule that prevents it.
The resolution was then read through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the proposition
be divided.
Mr. COX. I move that it be laid upon the ta-
ble. It is balderdash.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
to withdraw that motion.
Mr. COX. I withdraw it.
Mr. ROGERS. I renew it.
The previous question was not seconded.
