1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it knowingly he himself shall be dismissed the !
service. That includes all the_amendmenfs to the i
fifth section. j
There is but one amendment to the end of the '■
sixth section, and that is to strike out " fifty"
and insert " one hundred." That was done for
the reason that the War Department sent a note
informing us thatif they were permitted to draw
for one hundred per cent, more than were actu- ,
ally required it would enable them to fill up the
call, for more than fifty per cent, of those drawn
are exempt from disability and other causes.
More than fifty per cent, is needed; and if one
hundred per cent/provides too much, of course
it will not all be taken.
No amendments are made to the seventh sec-
tion.
To the eighth section there is but one amend-
ment. The eighth section provides that persons
in the naval service, not enrolled prior to the 24th
of February last, may be credited to the town-
ship or district in which they reside. We found
that loose in respect of this, that it <1 id not say on
what evidence; and we added after the word
"shall" in the seventh line, "on satisfactory
proof of their residence made to the Secretary
of War." That is, the township that claims it
ought to have credit must make proof to the
Secretary of War that such naval persons resided
in it.
There is no amendment to the ninth section.
We amended the tenth section in form. The
present law is left standing in regard to persons
who are conscientiously opposed to war. We
provide that no section of this act: shall be con-
strued to alter or amend that part of the existing
enrollment act.
The only remaining amendment is a new sec-
tion which provides that nothing in this act shall
be construed to affect the right of persons to pro-
cure substitutes when they tiie drafted.
That includes ali of the changes. There have
been only two material changes*: first, in reducing
bounties; and secondly, in reducing the number
of days ten.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. This repeals the commuta-
tion clause. I do not want to vote against it, and
I will not vote for it.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 56,
noes 1; no quorum voting.
Mr. FENTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Kernan were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 14; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the 31st
rule.
The Clerk read, as follows: V
u 31. Eveiy mombci who shall be in tin1 Houso when the
question i* put shall give his vote, unle^ tiie IIoiim- «hall
excus-e him. All motions to excuse a member hum votine
pluiil be made befoie the House <ii\ uic:?, or hutbre the call
of th'1 yeas and nays is commenced; und the question
shall then be taken without debate."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, i call the
yeas and nays upon agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affnmative—yeas 65, nays 53, not voting 64;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Ames, Ainotd,Abhley, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blair, Boutwell, Bojfi, Tobl),
Cole, Creswell, Elf-nrv Winter i)avi*>, Dawes, Denims,
Dixon, Ditg s, Kckley,Eliot, FariiMvorth, Fcnton, G.u fu-hl,
Gourh, Iii^by, Ilooper, lltotchkis'?, A-ahel W. Ilubbaid,
John II. Hubb.itd, Ingersoll, Jenokes, Julian, Keiley, Lit-
tbMohn, Loan, Longv.par, MeBride, MeOluiji Samuel F.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill. Darnel Hon:?., Amo.
Leonard Myers, Norton, Chario-. O'Neill. Oitb William
II. Randall. John II. Rice, Schenck, Phannon, Sloan,
Smith, ^nuther-. Spalding, Tiacy, Up-on, Van Valken-
bumh, El.hu I>. W.ifdiburne, William 13 Wa-diliiui!, Wil-
li,im-. Wilder. Wihon, W'indom, and Woodbmluc—Go.
XAVw*'—Willi sun.I. Alien, Alley. Ancona, Baily,
Blame, Ch.mler, Coiltorh, Cox, Dawson, Deni-on,
Eden, Edgerton, Eldm!^. Eugli-h, Ftank. Uaiwrni. Grw-
wold, Benjamin G. flarti*. (Jinnies M. Haitif, Hurdim1*,
Keinau, ltnapp, Law, Le Blond, Long, Mailotv, Marcy,
Middieron, William H. Miller, J.um -j 11. Moim-. Nnbic,
Odell, Patter-on, IVndh-ton, Puhrtm, Piuyn, Sairi'i.-l J.
Randall, Alexandei tl.Riee, b'obin-on, 3M\vnd H. Ro'im-.,
James 3. Rolling Ross, Scolield, John 15. Sietle, William
G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Thomas WacUwortfo, Webster,
Wheeler, and WinfHd—53.
NOT VOTING—Jame« <\Alien, Anderson, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blow, H-inni-Rsook*. Btoomull,
James S. Biown, VVilIiam G. 15.own. Aminos-" W. Clark,
Tieeman Chnke, Clay, Craven-, Thomas T Uavis, Don-
nelly , Duinonl, Finek. Gt tder. Uunn'-il, 11ab , Hall, Haul-
ing, Harrington, Hciriek, Ilohnan, Flulbmd, "hiiip John-
son, William Johnson, Kalbfleiteb, Kasson, Francis W.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kmc, Kmu, Lazear, Marvin,
McAllister, McDowell, Mefndoo, MeKnmej% Monison,
Nelson, John O'Neill, Peiry, Pike, Pomeioy, Piice, Rad-
lord,Kogeis, Seott, Starr, Stebbms, Strou-^e, ytuart, Sweat,
Thayer, Vooihees, Waul, Whnley, Chilton A. White, Jo-
seph W. White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Yeaman—64.
So the report was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH stated that Mr.
A. W. Clark was paired off with Mr. Rogers.
Mr. ORTH stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Holman, otherwise he would vote in the af-
firmative; also,€ that it was agreed with Mr. Hol-
man that he [Mr. Oiitii] should be at liberty
to vote should it become necessary to make a
quorum.
Mr. STUART stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Thayer
Mr. HALE stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Kalbflcisch.
Mr. FRAINK stated that Mr. Pomeroy was
paired off with Mr. Nelson.
Mr O'NEILL, of Ohio, stated that had he
been m when his name was called he would have
voted m the negative.
A number of additional votes having been re-
coidcd, and there being a quorum, lacking one
vote,
Mr. ORTH said: It appearing now that my
vote is necessary for a quorum, I vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. HARDING stated that he would have
voted in the negative had he been present when
his name was called.
Mr. SWEAT stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Blow.
The ic&uitwas then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. SCIIENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which tiie i eport was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. ELDRiDGEdemanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ANCONA moved that the House adjourn;
and upon it demanded the yeas and nays, and
telleis upon the yeas and nays.
Telle!& were not ordered.
The yeas and nays weie not oidered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays weie oi dered on the motion
to lay the motion to leconsider on the table.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 withdraw the motion.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Tiie SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication fiom the Sec-
retary of the Interior, uiging upon Congress an
appropiiation during its pie&ent session for tiie
Washington aqueduct.
Mr. STEELE, of New Yoik, asked unani-
mous consent to introduce a joint resolution for
the payment of the existing; liabilities and the
supeuntendeuce and repairs of the Washington
aqueduct.
The resolution, which was read for information,
appropriates the sutn of $35,000 for the purpose
of paying existing liabilities and the expenses of
supciintendence and repairs of the Washington
aqueduct.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
JOHN HASTINGS.
Abill(S. No. 274)tori he relief of John Hastings,
collector of the poit of Pittsbuig, was next taken
from fhe Sneakei ;s table, end lead a first and sec-
ond time by its title.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury,
in adjusting the accounts of John Hastings, as
collector ot the customs al the poit of PittsbuiL,
to give him credit for the sum ot ^>9,956 C2, the
amount of the public money of which lie was
robbed cm the 10th of March, 1854, while acting
m the aforesaid capacity.
Mr. HALE. That bul has now passed the
Senate three several Ume.-s. E\<n that alone
would be sufneunf to justify th'a House in pass-
ing the bdl without at'all entering into the merits
of the case. Rut since the last passage of the bill
before this time Mr. Hastings has entered the
service of the country as a volunteer, and has
been wounded in the service and is now a cripple
for life. There is that additional reason why we
should pass this bill now.
I will merely say that the testimony in the case
shows conclusively that the custom-house at
Pittsburg was broken open by robbers and the
money taken out of the vault, and the object of
this bill is to credit Mr. Hastings with the amount '
of money so taken from the safe.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I desire merely to say
that there is very great doubt about the robbery
of the custom-house in my mind and in that of
the people of the district; but Mr. Hastings, who
was the collector, has since served as a volunteer
in the Army, and has been disabled for life; he
is now a cripple, and will never be able to sup-
port himself. 1 do not, therefore, intend to make
any opposition to the bill, but I am not willing
that my colleague shall state to the House things
as facts which 1 do not think are facts.
Mr. HALE. The testimony satisfied three
committees o( the Senate that the custom-house
was broken open and the property taken. The
lull has passed (he Senate three times, and I think,
under the cncumstances, we may safely pass it
now. I demand the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the demand
for the previous question, and no quorum voted.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Hale and
Wilson were appointed.
The House divided; and the telleis reported—
ayes 33, noes 64.
So the House icfused to second the demandfor
the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTII moved to lay the billon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The lattei motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MARCY, leave was^-ranted
for the withdrawal fiom the files of die House of
the papers in the case of Albert Brown.
SPECIAL INCOME DUTY.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 again ask the consent of
the House to repoitfrom the Committee of Ways
anil Means a joint resolution imposing a special
income duty.
Mr. DAWSON. I object.
BRANCH MINT IN OREGON.
Mi. Mi BRIDE. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
on the stale of the Union be discharged fiom
the fuiiher considei ation of the bill of the Senate
(No. 185) to establish a branch mint of the United
Status at Dalles City, in Oiegon, with a view to
its being put on us passage.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
W hole on the state of the CJmon was discharged
from the further consideration of the bill.
Mi. McBRIDE. Mr. Spcukei ,awaie that this
measuie is liaMo to encounter some opposition in
this House, and that theie is with many members
of this body a great want of information m legard
to the meuts of the proposition, I shall ask to be
pardoned while I state as briefly as possible the
leasons for the passage of this bill.
First allow me to state that the point where the
proposed branch mint is to be located is about
one thousand miles noiih of San Ficuiciseo and
about three hundied miles in the in tenor from the
mouth of the Columbia river. Its establishment
at this point will accommodate all the mining
region from the summit of the Rocky mountains
westward, lying north of the southern tnbutanes
of the Columbia river, an extent of countiy not
less than fiom five to seven hundied miles from
east to west and one thousand miles from north
to south, m almost eveiy quaiter and poitiori oi
which extensive and productive mines aie being
discovered and woiked. But the pnneipal part
of thi^ extensive mining interest is upon ih« se
blanches of the Columbia which diam the coun-
try east of the Cascade mountains, and the sup-
plies for which are drawn from the sea by that
