1574
Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
committee,- so far as he was concerned^ to the
.honorable Senator from New York, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] That Senator did not choose to tak$ it.
I suppose he-thought it would be hardly modest
-ili- him, as he had just come into this body, to
assume a place- of that particular description and
importance over a Senator who had been here for
.some twelve years, though he had the misfortune
.to-come from the saiall State of New Hampshire,
Notwithstanding what has been said about the
outrages to the Pacific coast, there is but one gen-
tleman herefrom that eoastwhocalis himselfnot
a Democrat, or who regards himself as not be-
longing to the'Democratic party, and I really be-
lieve that if you were to propose to my honora-
ble friend from California to take the chairmanship
of the Committee on Finance he would decline it
to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I certainly should.
.Mr. FESSENDEN. And he does notfeel that
California has been injured, or insulted, or out-
raged by the fact that he was not made chairman
of that committee on first coming into the Senate,
simply because he came from the Pacific coast;
and yet that is one of the grievances! 1 do not
think my honorable friends from Oregon have
thought of complainingon that subject. No, sir;
it is nothing but political talk, intended for polit-
ical effect. The Senator fiom Kentucky knows
the people of Kentucky better than i do. I should
think that if they had a toleiable judgment and
education they would turn up their noses at an
argument of that sort; buthe knows theircahber
and their power of judgment so much better than
1 do, that I leave him to make such arguments to
affect them as he thinks will be suitable.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. POWELL. 1 hope the Senator from Ohio
will yield to let me make a reply to the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the Senator from
Ohio will give way to me. The committee of
which I have the honor to be chairman, and my-
self, have been assailed.
Mr. SHERMAN, The Senators will have suf-
ficient time to be heard. I wish to say a few
words, and i will not insist upon saying ihem
now unless the Senator from Maine wants to fin-
ish the bill to-night.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I prefer to go on with
the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not at this hour
of the day occupy the Senate a moment but that
I desire, since allusion has been made to the form-
ation of the committees, to remove some misap-.
prehensions, Jest those misapprehensions may be
carried on to the stump in political life.
^ The Senator from Kentucky endeavors to in-
cite a prejudice against New England, and his
declarations here to-day will be repeated by his
political associates on the stump, under circum-
stan<fcs likely to mislead and deceive honest peo-
ple and to create a prejudice against a portion of
the country. I wish, therefore, to explain ex-
actly how the com mi ttees were organ ized, because
it so happened that I was one of those who aided
in forming the committees at the present session
of Congress. The fact that New England had
nearly all the important chairmanships had been
made known and stated often enough, not only by
the Senator from Kentucky, but by many persons
0 who were complaining. The New England Sen-
ators themselves, in the conferences which led to
(he organization of the committees, called atten-
tion to the fact, and said promptly that they were
willing to give way at once and apportion the
chairmanships of the committees among the sev-
eral States according to geographical position.
The pioposition was distinctly made, and the
question came up before a committee organized
for the purpose of arranging the standing com-
mittees. It was not a question between ouiselves
and our political adversaries, because it is admit-
ted on all hands thai we have treated our political
adversaries with a great deal more deference tSian
they ever treated us. The Senator from Ken-
tucky cannot say that the few men of his politi-
cal opinions who are here have not been fairly
represented.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Ohio will
allow me to say that I made no complaint of that
kind. I said distinctly that I did not expect a
Democrat to have a chairmanship.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then itisucomplaintmade,
if at all, about the distribution of the chairman-
ships among political associates. What was the
condition of affairs? Nearly ail the Senators from
the western States -here are new Senators, who
have recently come upon the floor. The few
among us who have been here for a number of
years are very handsomely provided for, and I
believe are all chairmen of good committees. The
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chandler,] who
has been here a number of years, is chairman
of the Committee on Commerce. My colleague
[Mr. Wade] is chairman of two committees, the
Committee on Territories and the committee on
the conduct of the war. .The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Grimes] is chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia. The Senator from Il-
linois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who has been here for
some years, is chairman of one of the most im-
portant committees, the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. The Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
is chairman of the Committee on Public Lands.
The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
is chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Every Senator from the western and the middle
States who has been here more than two years,
is therefore chairman of a leading important com-
mittee. The western Senators are in many cases
chairmen of committees distinctly connected with
their region of county, such as Indian Affairs,
Public Lands, and Territories.
Then take the new members who have come in
here recently. I came here two yeais ago, and I
was assigned, notatmy roquestordesirc, to serve
upon the Committee on Finance. I ask the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, or any fair-minded man,
whether i would have consented to displace a
gentleman of superior abilities and fitted for that
position ? 1 could not for a moment think of it.
Without saying anything about the Senator from
Maine, everybody admits Ins conceded abilities
not only as a debater, but as a business man con-
nected with the depaitmentto which he has been
assigned. I ceitamly would not assume the in-
vidious task of appearing before the Senate as
chairman of that committee, when he hud been
here six years before me serving on th^ same
committee. So of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] who isat the head oftheNaval
Committee. He had been here for years, an old
Senator. The nextSenator on the committee was
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] who was
admirably adapted for the position of chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. There is
no doubt about that; but I ask fellow-Senators
whether wo could, as a committee, strike from the
head of that committee a gentleman who had been
liei e some twelve or fourteen years, who had been
one of our political associates, who had been de-
nounced by our political adversaries ? 1 could not
reconcile it with my sense of duty and of'Vight
to strike his name from the head of that com-
mittee, even to give the place to a gentleman so
well qualified to perform its duties as the Senator
from Iowa. So too with the Military Committee.
In arranging these committees, however, wc
have so arranged them that the natural course of
time will remove all these inequalities. Perhaps
it may be five or six years hence, when the pres-
ent Senators from New England may have passed
away and their places be filled by others. Then
the West, from the present arrangement of com-
mittees, will have neaily all the important com-
mittees, because if you look over the list you will
see that the next name to the chairman in nearly
every case is a western man who has come in here
recently, and who, m due course of time, unless
displaced by his constituents or by other causes,
will assume the position now held by aNew Eng-
land Senator.
i state this much in justice to the New England
Senators, that the committee that reported upon
the organization of the standing committees was
composed of gentlemen who had it in their power
to strike off the chairmen of these important com-
mittees and assign others for those positions. The
caucus oi convocation of Senators had H in then
power to displace these New England Senators,
but I believe and say it heartily that there was not
a single member of the political party to which I
belong that desiied thus to strike o(f a Senator
simply because he came from New England. They
would rather meet the taunts and innuendoes and
declarations made on the stump by the Senator
from Kentucky and his political associates.
Mr. President, I might end here, but I wish to
say a word further in regard to the subject-matter.
In myjudgment, the New England Senators, and
not only the New England Senators but all of us
ought at this session to repeal the fishing boun-
ties. I will notstop now to discuss that question,
but I will state why I cannot vote for the pending
proposition. The reason upon which these boun-
ties were originally granted by the Government
has now disappeared. There is no longer any
necessity for the United States to provide a school
for seamen. Our commerce is now so expanded
that it is a school for seamen in itself; and if
these bounties were not paid we should have the
best naval school in the world m our commercial
marine. Therefore, not as a question of geogra-
phy, but as a question of taxation, these, fishing
bounties ought to be abandoned as no longer
necessary to carry out the purpose of their foun-
dation. I have voted in one or two cases to at-
tach the repeal of the fishing bounties to appro-
priation bills, but I do not think it is a wise plan
to do it. The appropriation bills ought to be
kept distinct, and as a general rule important
measures of this kind ought not to be attached to
them as amendments. I am therefore now in-
clined to vote against the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, although I heartily approve
it in itself; and I give due notice now that when
the revenue bill comes up, a bill to provide rev-
enue—a bill in which we shall be called upon to
tax all classes and all sections of our people—if
no other Senator does it, I will move by a caie-
fully-considered amendment to repeal the fishing
bounties, and I shall expect the New England
Senators to come, up and help me to support it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has seen fit to arraign the
Committee on Commerce and its chairman. I will
read thenames of the members of that committee.
They are Mr. Morrill, Mr. Ten Eyck, Mr.
Morgan, Mr. Sprague, Mr. Saulsbury, Mr.
Lane, ut Kansas, with myself as chairman. I will
simply say to that Senator that the Committee on
Commerce requires no defense from any assault
that he can make upon it. Without any dispar-
agement to any other committee, it is equal to the
best—all but the chairman. *
But the.Senator has gone further. He has ar-
raigned me individually, because I happened to
be born in New England. Sir, I am not respons-
ible for that; but I want to tell that Senator that
I am proud of my birthplace. I thank God that
1 was born m a State, and that I now lepiesent a
State, neither of which has ever furnished a icbcl
traitor to fight against his country. I was in this
body as a member of the Committee on Commerce
with the Senator from Kentucky when Mr. Clay
was chairman of that committee—the traitor Clay;
the particular fricftd of the Senator from Ken-
tucky; the man who drew up in the room of the
Committee on Commerce the original ordinance
of secession for the State of Alabama, while he,
a icbcl traitor, was drawing the pay of this Gov-
ernment. It was drawn up on Government pa-
per, written with Governmentink, and copied by
a clerk drawing six dollars a day from this Gov-
ernment. I found it in that room, and I have it
now. I never heard "a word of complaint fiom
the Senator from Kentucky against that commit-
tee at that time in regard to this or any other
matter.
The question of the repeal of the fishing boun-
ties has been agitated for a long time. It was
regulatiy before the Committee on Commerce
during the time that Mr. Clay was its chairman,
and the Senator from Kentucky was m this body
for two years while his party had forty-four
members against twenty who cooperated with me.
Why did he not then arraign the Committee on
Commerce? Why did he not then arraign its
chaiiman? Why did he not then arraign this
body and Congiess? Ah! sir, ho was then as
quiet as a lamb. He had his fi tends, the traitors,
chairmen of almost every committee of this body,
men with whom he codpeiatcd then, and with
whom he cooperates now. I do not care to dc-
iend the Committee on Commerce,and I will nnt
defend it. It requiies no defense from me, or
from any other man ; and what is more, I consider
it a high honor to be arraigned by_ that Senator,
either as chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce or as anything else that is loyal and true
to the country.
