5i
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
JMr, STEVENS. I propose to debate the res-
olution.
The resolution was then laid over, under the
rules.
PROSECUTION OF THE WAR.
Mr. BROWN, of West "Virginia, introduced
the following resolution,upon which hedemanded
the previous question:
Whereas our beloved country, our highly cherished in-
stitutions, Constitution, and Union of the States arc ail im-
periled by a causeless and wicked rebellion:
lie it tliercfore resolved, That it is the duty of every loyal
citizen to give to the Government, and to the agenU in its
employ, both in the cabinet and in the field, ail the legiti-
mate aid and comfoit in his power in their efforts to put
down stich rebellion.
Resolved, That, as the rebels began the war, we will pros-
ecute ic until the last insurgent is disarmed and the author-
ity of 'the United States acknowledged over eveiy foot of
ground rightfully belonging to the Republic.
Resolved, That in the prosecution of the war we will use
all the military power of the Government, but will combine
with it all the meansof eonciliationcalculatedtogive to the
Government and country an houoiablo and labtmg peace.
Resolved, That it is the duty of the Government, so far
as it is in its power, to give equal' piotection to all lojal
citizens without refeience to their locality, whether resid-
ing within the seceded or loyal States; and one of the
stiong incentives to a vigorous prosecution of the war is
to rcseue our loyal brethien of the rebellious States fiom
the domination of n militaiy despotism.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. I propose to debate the res-
olution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over, under the rule.
PAY OF CADETS.
Mr. WHALEY introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered,and agreed to:
Rcsolced, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
pay of the cadets at the Military Aeademy at West Point;
and to report by bill or otherwise.
EXPENSES AT PORT ANGELOS.
Mr. COLE, of Washington, introduced the fol-
lowing resolution: *
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to furnish this House with a .statement of the amount of
money paid out of the Tieasury ot the United States to
Victor Smith, or other parties, in liquidation of donation
or preemption claims, building or rent of custom-house, 01
other expenses connecte'd therewith, at Port Angelos, Wash-
ington Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the lesolution be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The call of States for reso-
lutions having been concluded, resolutions calling
upon the Secretaries for information, and which
have been laid over heretofore under the rule, are
next in order. The fiist resolution is one pie-
sen ted by the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
on the 7th of January last, directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to report the amount of debt in-
curred in tiie several States in their efforts in sup-
pressing the rebellion.
Mr, DAWES. 1 desire to inform the House
that I am anxious to call up to-day the Louisiana
election case, which was partly finished on a for-
mer day, arid then postponed for other business.
Mr. SCHENCK. i would say to the gentle-
man that the morning hour will expire in five
minutes, when I desire that the House shall pro-
ceed to the consideration of the conscription law.
Mr. COX. 1 call for the regula r order of busi-
ness. I hope the gentleman from Massachusetts
will not press his matter until this order of busi-
ness is disposed of, as there are several resolu-
tions on the Calendar calling for information, and
it will consume but a few moments to dispose of
them.
WAR DEBTS INCURRED BY STATES.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of the following res-
olution, reported by the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Blaine] on the 7th of January:
Raolced, That the Secit;taiy of the Tieasury be directed
to ascertain and report the amount ot debt incuried m the
several States in their efforts to aid in suppressing the re-
bellion, and that in the judgment of this House all debts 1
legitimately and nocessatily comiaeted for this purpose
s-hwuki ultimate!} be a^umed and liquidated bv the Gen-
eml Government.
Mr. RICE, of Maine.
question.
f demand the previous
Mr. WASHBURNE, of [llinoia. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded. I think
the resolution ought to be debated.
Mr.BOUTWELL. Isun«.mendmentin order?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the demand for
the previous question is withdrawn.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to move to amend
by striking out the last clause of the resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I withdraw my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
to debate the resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. My colleague who in-
troduced the resolution is not present, but I un-
derstand he desires that the resolution shall go
over to another day.
No objection being made, the resolution was
laid over until another day.
UNITED STATES TREASURY NOTES.
The next resolution in order was the following,
introduced by Mr. Scofield on Januaiy 7, and
laid over from that day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury is heicby
requeued to inform the House whether uudei existing legis-
lation the seven-thirty United States Ticasmy notes, due
August 19 and October 1, 1664, will be paid in com ol the
United States; and al&o whether any additional legisla-
tion is necessary to make the inteiest and principal of the
twenty-year bonds, into which the seven-thirty United
States notes aie conveitiblc, payable in coin.
Mr. SCHENCK. The morning hour having
expired, I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES. I want to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that the Louisiana election case
was partially finished a week ago yesterday, and
was then postponed for other business. I yielded
to that arrangement then because I thought the
importance of the bills which the gentleman him-
self had in charge was sufficient to justify it. The
claimant from Louisiana has partly finished his
speech, and 1 suggest to the gentleman ftom
Ohio that he yield long enough to allow the claim-
ant to conclude his remarks, when I will call the
previous question and take the vote. Although I
desired to say some things in reply to what has
already been said on that matter, I will refrain
from any remarks myself. I will say, further, that
it is highly inconvenient for the gentleman from
Louisiana to icmain here longer.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would yield almost any-
thing asamatterof courtesy, butl think the pub-
lic interest requires that we should go on with the
consideiation of the enrollment bill.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I ask the permission of
the gentleman from Ohio to introduce a resolu-
tion calling for information, and having no polit-
ical reference.
Mr. SCHENCK. I must decline.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the chief
justice of the Territory of Dakota, transmitting
the report of the board of canvassers of thatTer-
. litory relative to the contested election from that
Territory; which was referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a statement of the bal-
ances of appropriations upon the books of the
Treasury to the credit of his Department on the
1st of July, 186*2; also the amount of appropria- ]
tions by Congicss for the fiscal year ending 30th :
June, 1863, and the balances remaining m the '
Treasury at the last named date; which was re- j
ferred to the Committee on the Expenses in the !
interior Department, and ordered to be printed.
; EXPENSES OF THE INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior, i
tiansmitting a statement of the contingent ex- j
penses of"iu« Department for the fiscal year ending '
June 30, 1863; which was referred to the Com- ;
nnttee on the Expenditures of the Interior De- ;
partment, and ordered to he printed.
'CLERKS IN INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Inteiior transmitting a list of the
clerks in his Dopai tment, the time they have been *
employed, and the amount paid to each during the i
fiscal year ending December 80, 1863; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
The question was then taken on Mr. Schenck's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itselfinto the Committee ofthc Whole on
the state ofthc Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 36, to amend an act entitled ** An act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 1863.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I have modified
my amendment to the amendment, and I ask the
Clerk to read it as modified.
The Clerk read, as follows:
No one shall be entitled to pay commutation money
except ynnisteis actually m chaige of some religious con-
gregation; men having a wife or child depending on them
lor suppoit, and not having an income ot $I,2U0 independ-
ent of their industry; membeis of the icltgious Society of
Friends,or other icligious denominations conscientiously
opposed to bearing arms. Any drafted man on whom a pa-
rent, wife, child, sister, or brother may depend for support
shall be allowed i'or each dependent ten dollais a month, not
exceeding $500 m all, paj able dnectlv to such dependent or
the guardian or person clioiged with the eaie of ?uch do-
pendent, and not subject to the eonliol of the diafted man.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Garfield's
amendmentto strike out section five of theSenate
bill,and insert in lieu thereof the following:
And be it farther enacted, That any person drafted into
the military seivice of the United States may, bcfuie the
time fixed for his appearance at the draft lendezvous, fur-
nish an acceptable sub.-titute, subject to *uoh rules and
lobulations a* may be preseubed by the Secretary ot War.
If .-uch substitute is not liable to diaff, the poison furnish-
ing him shall be exempt from dial't during the time for
which &uch substitute is not liable to draft, not exceeding
the term foi which he was diafted; and if such substitute is
liable to draft, the name of thepeibou [urnuhinu him shall
be liable to dialt, in filling future quotas. And if any
diafted person shall hereaftei pay money for the procuiation
of a substitute, undei the piovj^ionot the act to which this
ia an amendment, such payment of money shall operate
only to relieve such person from draft in filling that quota,
and his name shall be letamed on the toll in tilling tuture
quotas; but m no instance shrill the exemption of an\ per-
son on account of his pavmentof commutation money for^*
the piocuration of a substitute extend beyond one year;
but at the end of one year in eveiy such case the name of
any person =o exempted shall be enrolled again, if not be-
foie returned to the enrollment list under tiie provisions of
this section.
Mr. SMITFIERS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, and I offer it with the concurrence of the
Military Committee.
The Cleik read the amendment, as follows:
Amend section six in line eleven by inserting after the
word " quotas"' as part ot the same sentence, " but if any
substitute would have beeomc liable todiaft if he were not
m military sen ice, then the person turnishing him shall,
fiom the time such substitute would have so become liable,
become and be habit; to diaft in filling any quota thereafter
to be filled."
Mr. SMITHERS. I will state biiefly that the
object of this amendment is to qualify the first
clause of the section, so as to provide that if a
substitute is not liable to draft the peison furnish-
ing him shall be exempt fiom draft during the
time for which the substitute may be exempt, not
exceeding the term for which he was drafted. It
may bp that a substitute is not liable to draft at
the time he becomes a substitute, but he may be-
come so afterwards. The object of my amend-
ment is to make his principal liable to serve from
the time when the substitute would have become
liable. For instance, a substitute may be obtained
who is only nineteen years of age, and he would
soon become liable to draft. The object of my
amendment is to make the principal, m such a
case,liable after hissubstitute shall have become
liable to military service. •
Mr. STEVENS. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Delaware to the fact that the fifth
section already contains that provision.
Mr. SMITHERS. I will say to the gentleman
that I have no doubt myself that that'would be
the legal construction; but inasmuch as tins bill
is to he enforced by persons who are not lawyers,
I think it well to make it so specific that there
can be no mistake.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Chairman, that was
