155®
THE CONGrliESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
ously levied, as I understand it, as it does to- the J
imposition of an additional tax .upon an article
which has already-paid one tax.
, How*, let as see how this bill is in that respect,
whether; it is.proposed to unsettle the business of
the country in'regard to whisky* and to make it
an exception. This bill contains a provisionthat
unsettles the agreements of parties, that declares
laws of no effect under which they have been made.
There is a provision in this Jaill that'where gas
companies have agreed to furnish gas at a certain
price,5 and where .tbp law provides that they shall
charge no more for it than that price, yetmotwith-
standing that be the law, and notwithstanding
that be the agreement of the parties, still a certain
tax shall be levied upon so many cubic feet of gas
and it shall be paid by the consumer, any law or
any agreement to the contrary.
When I made that objection the other day, not
in reference to gas particularly, butin reference to
the pro vision in the bill which allowed corporations
and companies to charge upon the Consumer the
amount of the taxas an additional price upon the
article,I met with asingularanswer. I did not re-
ply to it then, because 1 thought there could be no
force in the argument, and 1 thought the Senator
from Maine would see that there was none, and
I did not thtnkanybody would suppose there was
any until I was spoken to by another Senator
who regarded it as a conclusive answer to the ob-
jection which I had made. I was told one reason
for inserting the clause in the bill was, that an
application came from Chicago,that the Chicago
gas company was involved in difficulty. I am
sure the Senator from Maine did not suppose that
that would make any difference with myvoteany
more than it would with his, whether it came from
Chicago or from some other city.
Mr/FESSENDEN. ■ The Senator is drawing
on his imagination. I, will thank him not to
judge my kind of argument by the operations of
iiis own mind. Our minds are as distinct as two
can be. i gave that as an illustration because it
happened to be a irood one.
Mr, Tftt7lVI BfJLL. Then if the Senator from
Maine supposes it would make a difference with
me, that his mind is very different from mine 
Mr. FESSEN DEN. Of course I did not sup-
pose it would make a difference. I say I muicly
gave it as an illustration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 did nut suppose it would
make any difference with the Senator, and 1 did
not suppose he thought it would, or would im-
pute that it would, make any difference with any
member of the Senate whether it affected a person
in his State or not. I presumed the Senator
from Maine would not act from such motives,
and would notimpute to me that I would. I sup-
posed that, however different and distinct our
minds were, on that point ot least we should have
agreed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator misappre-
hends me, as I think he always makes a point of
doing when he can. I meant to say distinctly
that 1 did not suppose it would have any effect
on the Senator's mind. 1 simply gave it as an
illustiation because it was a fact.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Coupling it with the ex-
pression that our minds were different and there-
fore we disagreed, thereby imputing that on that
point we disagreed.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL, The Senator either did
not understand me, or else his remarks are not
susceptible of any other construction than that
which I have given them.
Now, sir, this bill makes these provisions, and
it contains anotherin regard to advertisements in
newspapers. I am not aware thatthe newspaper i
proprietors of the country are not as well paid as
other business men; I am not aware that they do
not get as fair compensation for advertisements I
as men engaged in other business get for their I
labor; and yet there is a provision in this bill J
that a certain tax shall be imposed upon news- i
paper advertisements, and another provision-* in I
it that that additional tax shall he paid by the per- i
son inserting the advertisement,any law to the t
contrary notwithstanding. Although the law of j
the State of Maine or of my State may provide 1
that for a legal advertisemonta certain sum shall ;
be paid, or not exceeding a certain sum, the offi- 1
cer who inseits that advertisement in a paper, by 1
the provisions of thio bill, is to be charged an ad-
ditional sum, any State law to the contrary not-
withstanding.,- And yet we are told when an at-
tempt is made to impose a tax upon whisky on
hand, an article that the speculators of this coun-
try have .been engaged in making money out of
.upon the legislation of Congress/' you must not
touch it., because you will unsettle the business of
the country.!"
Now, sir, I see-no principle that is to be vio-
lated by imposing a tax upon the whisky on
hand. 1 look upon itas simply a question whether
speculators shall make money off the distresses of
the country and out of the legislation of the coun-.
try and put it in their pockets, or whether the
Government of the United States shall derive a
revenue from this species.of property. That, sir,
is, as it seems to me, the.real question. I know
that the cities have been full of, these operators,
at least I am so told, purchasing large quantities
of this article in anticipation that Congress would
put a tax upon it that would raise its price in the
market and they thereby realize fortunes.
I did not intend to say so much, but it does
seem to me that there is no principle in the way
of.the imposition of a tax upon whisky on hand,
especially that which has paid no tax, and that
there is the greatest propriety in the imposition
of such a tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I did not regard this mat-
ter of imposmga tax upon liquor which has never
paid any tax as of the slightest consequence in
connection with the question, because it cannot
be supposed that there is any such amount of it
in the country as would afford any revenue worth
speaking of. Very nearly two years have elapsed
since the original bill went into operation, and al-
though undoubtedly there may have been some
quantity of liquor held over by rich men, it is most
probable that the liquor which was then on hand
and which did not come within the tax we first
laid has for the greater part been consumed; and
the real question is in regard to that which has
boon made since and upon winch taxes have been
levied. 1 attach very little consequence, there-
fore, to that part of the argument.
I think 1 am perfectly safe m saying that if gen-
tlemen who have been in favor of this proposi-
tion had supposed that allots effect was to deiive
revenue from that whisky which had never been
taxed they would not have thought of laying it,
for the simple reason that the additional expense
of hunting up the article and collecting the tax
would about cat up alt they could get, or drink
up all they could get. [Laughter.] I therefore
attach no consequence to it; and as! said before,
the general pnnciple of the bill is to tax produc-
tion and not to tax property, i supposed the Sen-
ator fiom Illinois was aware thatin mostsystems
of legislation it has been thoughtadvisable to take
certain kinds of aiticles out of the general rule.
For myself, I doubted the expediency of laying
any taxes on tuticlcs of jewelry, watches, &c. I
thought very little would be gotby them, and that
it would make a feeling in the community that
would lose us in fact more than we gain. I re-
main of the same opinion; but still it is not un-
usual to tax watches and jewelry and plate and a
few things of that sort, taking them out of the
general rule. They are not in their nature what
are called consumable articles; they are not like
clothing and liquors and those things which are
worn and eaten and drank. They are of a to-
tally distinct character, and they are rather an
exception to the bill than forming any rule.
Now, sir, as to the other matter the Senator and
I differed on as to our views. I thought that the
additional tax should be borne in certain cases by
the purchaser, and that Congress should relieve
against the effects of its own legislation, and had
the power to relieve against it. I take it that is
a very distinct question fi om the one we are now
considering, and affords no illustration. As to
my remark theic certainly shall be no misunder-
standing between my friend from Illinois and
myself on that subject. He entirely misunder-
stood me. I do say, and 1 repeat—and that is
what my remark had reference to—that in mat-
ters of opinion upon questions of this descrip-
tion he and I generally differ; our minds seem to
run in different grooves; but that breaks no squares
between myself and my friend, lie has his mode
of reasoning and I have mine. We reason, per-
haps, on different principles. It does not become
mc to say, and I will not day, and I do not think
that I am any more likely to be right than he is.
I only say that we are both fixed and stubborn and
obstinate in our opinions,and are not very likely
to come together*, and I think he is as stubborn
as I am, and that is perhaps carrying him a con-
siderable distancefurtherthan hegoes. Butwhcn
you come to the question of voting, I repeat that
I only suggested the Chicago case because it was
an illustration in my mind, and I gave it as an
illustration. There were two cases, one at Chi-
cago and one at Philadelphia. I never dreamed
that it would affect the honorable Senator's vote;
because I will admit that however much we may
differ in the operations of our minds, I hope that
in our motives of action and our conscientious
convictions of right we are very near together.
At any rate, I will say that I shall be quite well
satisfied with myself when, in that particular, I
approach the standard which I think the honor-
able Senator always sustains with reference to
questions of right and his motives of action.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think the honorable mem-
ber from Illinois is confounding things that are
clearly distinct. He says that we are taxing again
what is already taxed by this bill, and he has
mentioned a good many instances in which that
is being done; but this is not a tax on liquor be-
fore taxed, it is a tax upon the trade, upon the
business of making spirits and the business of
selling them; it is a license, therefore, to trade. I
ask the honorable member if he knows an instance
in which a State has licensed a trade within her
limits, and has, during the period for which the
license is to run according toils terms,increased
the license foe. The man who engages in the
business for which the license is granted makes
up his mind to engage in it and on a consideration
of the expense to which he is to be subjected by
the Government, and the Government tells him,
" If you will pay us fifty or one hundred dollars
we will grant you a license to carry on your
trade." After having induced him to engage in
the tiade by telling him, "Pay the money and
you shall have that privilege," you turn around
the next day and say, " No, youmuststop; you
shall not carry on the trade at ail; you may keep
your $100, unless you will pay us $100 more "
That docs not seem to be right in point of morals;
and it is decidedly wrong m point of policy. I
think the history of the commercial world will
prove that duties, when imposed, which operate
in the nature of a license are never increased so
as to affect importations made under the old rate
of duty. It is impossible, as the honorable mem-
ber, the chairman of the committee, says, for the
business man to know what to do under such a
system. He knows to-day that he is liable to pay
one rate of duty, but he is warned that it may be
possible, such is the unsteadiness of legislation
where such a system is resorted to, that before
his goods arrive he may be made to pay five times
or ten times the amount.
I think, therefore, that the honorable member
is mistaken in supposing that there is any an-
alogy between a tax upon the advertisements
that may appear in newspapers or a tax upon
horses and carriages, and the license fee (for it is
a license fee) which is provided form the section
which we propose to stiike out. It is not a tax
on the whisky according to the value of th<> com-
modity. You do not ask the whisky to be ap-
praised and say you will levy a tax of one, two,
three, four, or five per cent, on the appraisement.
That is what you do not propose to do; but you
say, " No matter what the whisky is worth, you
shall not make it, you shall not sell it unless vou
pay us a greater license for making and selling
than we have already said if you will pay us
you may make and sell the whisky."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Mcsb^. Buckalew, Carlile, Clark, Collnmor,
Comiet-s, Cowan, Dnvi>, Fe^senden, Foster, flendncka,
Iheks. Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kan-:n,
McI)o'uo;aH, Morgan, Xcsnnth, Pomerov, Powell, Itielumi-
son, Salisbury, Ten Eyek, Van YVlnkl", and Wtlley—525
NAYri— Messrs. Anthony,Chandler, Dixon, Foot,Gnme^
Hale, Harlan, Harus, Howaid,Ramsey, Sherman, ^uuiuerj
Trumbull, Wilkinson, ami Wilson—15.
ABSENT ■—Messr-?- Blown, Doointle, llardinir, Hen
derson, Moirill, Kiddle, Spnigue, Wade,am] Wiight-9.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have gone through
with the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Finance, with a few exceptions, which have
