THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
great artery of the Pacific slope, the Columbia'
river.
* The Snake river, its principal southern branch,
is now regularly navigated to Lewiston, capital
of Idaho Territory, and distant six hundred miles
by water from the Pacific ocean. The Oregon
Steam Navigation Company alone own and em-
ploy on this line more than a dozen first-class
steamers, and have built and have in successful
operation twenty-two miles of railway over the
portages at the Cascades and Des Chutes foils,
over which hundreds of tons of freight and mer-
chandise are daily transported to the vast region
of the interior.
I speak of these facts that the House may be
assured that they are not being called upon to
vote for a proposition that has no better foun-
dation than an opinion that it may turn out a
" good thing," but to show that already the vast
material interests of the country which seek this
legislation are so far developed as to place the
propriety of the measure beyond a doubt.
The population of Idaho Ten itory alone, which
is exclusively a mining community, cannot he
jess than fifty thousand; eastern Oregon is filled
with either a strictly mining population or with
those who depend upon the mines incidentally for
their prosperity, and the same is true of oil that
portion of Washington Ten itory lying east of the
Cascade range of mountains. When I place the
population of this region of country, whose roin-
in«- interests we propose to accommodate, atone
hundied thousand, and which is being daily in-
creased by an immigration of an extraordmai y
character, 1 am satisfied that 1 may far underrate
the tiuth. Where eighteen months ago was a
lonely wilderness, the home of the Indian and the
wild beast, there stand to-day towns containing
from two to live thousand people, nnd every gulch
and ravim* is yielding Us treasure to the eniei prise
of the hardy miner.
Representing, then, sir, ihe interests of this
large and increasing population, to whom it is
important, almost indispensable, speuking rela-
tively, I nslf the adoption of thus bill.
It is admitted on a I I sides that something ought
to be done, and the Committee of Ways nnd
Means reported a bill some months ago pioviding
for an assay office and appiopiiaung £75,000 for
its establishment. The only dilleiem r between
thaii proposition am! the, present one is, that this
appropriates $100,000 instead of $75,000; that is a
difference ot $25,000 in f he matter of expense; and
somegeni lemen have inqiui ed of me why an assay
office would not answei our purpose just as well.
The icason why it will not is, that the local cur-
rency and standaid of wtlue on our coast aie gold
and Mlver. Producing itm our inulst, never hav-
ing had any papereurrency whatever,(it) toy own
State hanksauj piohibited altogether hy iheState
constitution, and in the ad joining Terntoi ies they
are as effectively prohibited by public opinion,)
it js the only article which our people know u«
money. The man who undertakes to discharge
hjs obligations to his creditor with 44 greenbacks"
makes a wieekofhis credit and leputation the
moment he does it. An indignant debtor who has
been sued or feels that lie lias been unjustly op-
pressed by his creditor sometimes pays off a
judgment with Government cunency, and when
he has done so he feels that his wi ongs have been
amply revenged by the act. " Greenbacks'' are
bought and sold as any other commodity at fifty,
sixty, or seventy cents on the dollar, as the ease
may be, but they form no part of the circulating
medium of the country—what in othei words we
call money.
Such was the feeling of our people on this sub-
ject, that when our State Legislature last year (of
which I was a member) appropriated theamount
necessaiy to pay the diteci tax levied upon us by
the law of 18GI, it was apptopi utt d in com. Al-
though the Government, was at the tinn- paying
Us eieditors with paper we felt it due to our own
honor to pay our debts even to her in coin.
As an assay office only ascertains the amount
of gold, and separates it fiom other extianeous
matter and metal, it is obvious that it can be of
no service in furnishing a cnculaiiug medium.
Indeed, we have private assay odices m ditf'et-
ent parts of that country, but theydo not supply
the object foi which we a^k this apptupnaiioo.
In assay offices the gold is ni'-lfrd and niti mtu
and bars varying in size from a cake of
soap up to a Patent Office report, with its weight
and fineness stamped upon it. That is all. When
the owner sells it, he must always submit to such
a shave as the brokers who make their own
terms see pioper to inflict, and this last is made
by a calculation of how much the miner will pay,
submit to, before he will take the trouble and ex-
pense of going or sending to the mint at San
Francisco.
When we ascertain that from Poitland, Ore-
gon, which is the seaport city of the State, and
the entrepot of its ttade with San Francisco, the
express chaiges to the mint are five per cent.,
insurance two and a half per cent, more, and the
lobs «f time from one to three months, we can
have some idea of the amount of the shave which
the people have to and do submit to. This is
altogetherexclusive of the charge of transmitting
the bullion fiom three to six hundred miles out
of the interior before it reaches tins point.
But there is still another reason. Gold is vari-
ous m quality—some is worth twelve and some
eighteen dollars per ounce, and all along between'
these figuies. Those who take coin into the
mining region with which to buy it of course fix its
value, it may be unjust to the miner, it never
is to the purchaser; it is always ai bitrary, the re-
snir of ng i eement among the buyei s, but the seller
has to submit, lie is a thousand miles away
fiom a mint, he needs the coin to pay his debts
oi purchase supplies, and whatever the speculator
offeis he is compelled to take. When, there-
foie, I state to this ilouse that the mining popu-
lation are, by the lack of minting facilities,
lobbed of fiom ten to fifteen per cent, of their
pioduct, I do not exaggerate the facts.
And now, sir, I propose to call attention to the
amount of the annual product of these mines as
drtived fiom the bestattainable data. Ami I ask
that an extract from a let ter addt cased by my col-
leagues in the Senate and myself to (ho chairman
of the Senate Committee on finance on this meas-
me while it was pending hofoie that committee
be lead by the Clerk.
The Clerk lead, as follows:
Washington, Januury)iJt l^fi-i.
Much of ilia tujuMire taken fiom these mines, find*, us
way out ol the eouniiv in ihe hand.- ot private imlmilaal*.
Theic is no common place ot deposit tor it where it can
be ciediu-it to its miiiu'c, and making it almost unpo-sible
tfi i-annate il •• amount .iu-tly The vauotis «>\pt<>?.s com
panics can give the amount which thev nauspoii, but tins
leave?, an immense amount, wiiieh any one know s lo e\i->t
who i . acquainted w ah the uidepeud* nt mode m u Inch a
gieat u ;ui> p<'i>ons tram-.u I then Imbues.-, thu-  eninely
unaccounted for. A* an ui*uuce oi tin-, a file Poitland
(Oieimii) p.ipei /late* tii.it die expte-.^ company Inmighi
dm\ ii by t he dail\ ^t<-aim-i ot the Columbia nveronly ^l,UU0
in gold du>t, while ihusiune paper gives the name* oi two
p,t*^engeis who had ovei ihn-e bundled pound-, m their
pn-MV-ion, and otlmts mentioned had smaller amount**.
We sav, tiieieioi e, lii.it \s h I le the books and icccipts ol ex-
picompanies show flic only aceiuate state-tics on the
. ubjt et, the) {jive no idea oi the vast tesoutees in mineral
ot the section, the mteit" is ot which will be accommodated
b> tins measute.
rttieh d.ita a-, wc have we now submit. Theiu aie tlnee
private as>ay othcc- in thceiiy ol i'oilland. Ttic amounts
icecived by them, as shown by then hook-,, an abstract ot
winch is published in the " Oiegouian'n newsp.ipi rlor No-
vcmbei last, tiom Januaiy 15, ItHio', to October 20, follow-
ing, is i% (>5. A-an evidence o| tht?t n>\vth ol'the
pioduct of gold we may mention that one otfice, making
monihh vtatemeatM ol the amount lecejvcd, gave lor each
oi the tv\ o month* preceding the la-t aecoum ulniosidouble
ill it of tlio-e eai Itri in ihe } c.w
Mr Ken jam i a IJoliiday, of New Vol k, who the o wner
ot the line ol -l«'am.-diip-> plying between San Fianeiseo
aint i'oi Hand, inloims its tb.it he ha-, ti an spoiled hoin l'ott-
l.md an .'vei^'r ol ijoni si\ to -.even bundled thousand itol-
l.u-. per month during the past summer and autumn. This
statement does not niclude the amounts in tin; hands ot
p.i^fmffoisJ, ot winch be know nothing, but winch, owing
to the high insuianee, we muit conclude weie large.
Thcte being no iemulation at the hiancii mint m San
Fiaue^eo leqnmng ibo depo-itor ot bullion to de-aguate
wiienee it came, iheic 1-, no oiln-i nn.an« oi obtmung any
ju-^t estimate than b\ iepoit> of llie kind lo winch wc retei.
'i'lie lecently published icpoits from San l-'iancisco, made
by a comni'-icial bo.ndol t bat city, oi the amount of bullion
ieecived tiiei e lor the pa^tj ear, eiedit> Oregon and Bi itisli
Cnlumb.a with a pioduct oi live millions, 'filth, of coin>e,
i^ ba.->ed upon the icccipt- bj ^hlpmel)ts and tbiougU e\-
pic>s eompanier-, and leaver a va-t aniotmt— the wiiole
ib.it i> diliu-cd tluotujh tlie mining legion and that poition
which enters tlie eircul.iuon ol business and agricultural
paitd oi Oivgon, ami that ■-Inpped in the hands of pa-sen
gets—unaccounted lot. Toi^ we do not hesitate to say,
wc be'icve amou"t- to as nun h mote. * * *
We oiiyin man\ liciii? •.innviiii that tlie nunes tubu-
ta;y to the piopo.-vcd blanch mint aie vc.s pioductivt, but
Wc leteirooniy one, and that only because it came di-
ic<-ti( to the knowledge of one ot the undcr-igned. Tiiut
was an instance where three men m six weekss'time, wall
their own liandt-, dug out $160,0U0. The-e instances aie
not common, we admit, but they seive to show the ex-
ceeding nciiesoff-ome poitions of tins northern region, and
indicate the wealth which must soon there he developed.
For the purpose of stimulating tills development by pro-
viding tiie miner with a place for the as&ay ot hi* gold with-
out the loss of time, tlie risk of tran-misxion bv sea to S;m
Francisco, and tiie payment of expres>age and insurance
fees, and to prevent the swindling dealei in* com from rob-
bing tlie miner of his lair earning by hi* unjust discount,
which many prefer to submit to lather than tiie inconve-
nience just alluded to, we a k you to tavoiably consider the
proposition. J. VV. ISJEMVIfTH,
ii. F. HAUDING,
JOHN It. MeBKiDE.
IJori. VV. P. Fessenden,
Chairman of Senate Finance Committee.
Tons ok Gold.—The Nez Perc6 Chief brought down
last evening the richest iieight that any steamer on tlie
Columbia river ever bore. Wells, Fargo & Co. had 183
pounds, ($35,000 ;) one paity oI'mx nnneitihad 800 pounds,
($150,000;) another paity of six men had 700 pound*,
(.■$131,400;) another party of two men had 300 pounds,
($07,600;) while one man had 150 pounds, (,$28,1)00.) Thus
wp have a total of 1.950 pounds (.^'370^00) m tiie hands of
fifteen u honest nnnei.*," and lb3 pounds (§3-1,000) in the
hands of Welis, Faigo & Co. Allot thc*e fitteen persons
our infoimant, wiio came down in the Chief, saw and con-
versed Willi. lie also learned that nearly all the passen-
gers had plenty of money. So it i^ fair to conclude that
two of goid dust eame down on the Chief last even-
ing—Dalles J our nut, October, 1S63.
Mr. McBRIDE. in corroboration of this 1
will rcmaik that a subsequent publication of the
amount assayed in the two assay offices of the
city of Portland, Oregon, shows that from the
month of June, 1863, to the month of February,
1864, about seven months, the amount assayed
was only a small fraction below five million dol-
lars. The Railroad Recoid of June 16, 18G4,
gives the increase in the amount of gold exported
from San Francisco during the four months pre-
vious to May 1 over the corresponding period of
1863 at $6,001,624 89. This increase it is well
known m owing to the shipments from the Co-
lumbia river to Sail Francisco, as the gold yield
of California is known to be declining. When
we recollect that there is another assay office at
Dalles City from \vhich we have no return, that
the speculators and brokers in e;old dust take their
bullion to the mint in San Francisco without
assay, and, m consequence of the shave which
they impose upon those of whom they purchase,
that huge pioducets take their dust out of the
country in private hands, the actual amount as-
sayed furnishes no adequate idea of the amount
produced. Tlie Superintendent of the Mint at
Philadelphia in his annual leport to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, speaking of this new region,
says:
" Jdaho ai tiiis time especially claims our attention. It
is emphatically tiie land oi pionmp and oi gold. Thi* le-
yton was set off as a sepaiate Territory at the last se>Mon
ol Congiess. It lies noith of Coloiadoand (Jtah,and takes
in tiie noitiiern ranges of the Koeky mountains., with the
headwaters ol the Mi^ouri, Columbia, Ye!hnv>tone, and
Noith Platte rivers. The localities where woikmg& have
been commenced aie numerous, hut many ot them have
not been icpoited ot dociibed. They mu^the vauous and
widely M'p.u.Uul, judgiuy itom the chai.iefi i^tie vaneties
in quality of their pioductions. Among the deposits ie-
eeivcd we luive had giade^ of fineness hom 795 lo 949 thou-
sandths; the latter in considerable quantity liom .Salmon
nver, a mimtaiy to the Columbia. Tiie quality of the gold
pioduced from ihe mines of Idaho is Pqual to lhat in the
older regions of our countiy, and the quantity appeals to
be inexhaustible.
'• Not Ics^ piomising aie the mine*, opening m Oregon
and Washington Teuitoiy. The winkings aie nutueious
and constantly increasing in numbei. The eliaiactet istio
energy of our people will no doubt <oou develop tlie nun-
cial wealth of those fai distant region■«>, ami thu> invite and
stiiuuhte emigration to out north Pacific Teiiiiones.
"InOiejion the iinene^,  ot gold seems to be toleiably
leguhir and  ueady and neatly I'qual to the .iveia^o of C:if-
lloi ma. in the gold tiom \Vashuii;ton 'i'eit itoi y the vari-
ation is great, ranging tiom boO to 038 thousandths.
•L'i''lie icitnns liom Oicgon and Idaho and Washington
Tenuous ate as >et impeileet-; but enough is known to
wan ant tlip statement tlmt in quantity and quality the gold
ol those regions will n\ ai if not sutpa^-, the production^ of
tiie California mines.1'—tlepoi t on Finuncr. pp. 187, 188.
And my honorable friend from Vermont, who
is seldom given to exnggetation, m his lale speech
on the tax bill estimates the annual yield of bul-
lion of the Territories of Idaho, Washington,
New Mexico, Arizona, and the State of Oregon,
at $45,000,000. By far the larger portion of this
must come from western Jdaho,excluding Mon-
tana, Oregon, and Washington; so that in any
sepaiate estimate founded upon known facts,
he must have intended to credit the district of
country which this mint is to accommodate with
