1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Michigan, I
if I understood him, said th t I was now the !
friend of traitors. I wish to understand, distinct-
-ly and categorically, whether I undeistood him
properly?
Mr. CHANDLER. You did understand me
properly. You have been the friend of traitors,
and I voted to expel you as a traitor from this
body.
Mr. POWELL. Do I understand you to say
that I am now the friend of traitors and treason?
That is my question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply say that you
cooperated with traitors, sir; and 1 have Tiever
known you to cast a vote that was notin favorof
the rebellion. If you ever have, I wish you to
state when and where.
Mr. FOSTER, i call the Senatois to order.
Peisonahties are not m older.
Mr. POWELL. I put the question to the Sen-
ator from Michigan whether I understood him to
say that I am now the friend of traitors.
The PRESjDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut rises to a question of order,
Mr. FOSTER. 1 submit to the Chair that per-
sonalities are not m order.
The PRESIDENT;)?**) tempore. The point of
order is well taken. It is a \iolation of the rules
and of the decorum and good order of the body
to indulge in peisonahties. Senators will please^
restrain themselves in that tctraid and to that ex-
tent.
Mr. POWELL. I only desire to say that if
the Senator from Michigan did .state, as i under-
stood him—1 did not hear him veiy distinctly,
and consequently I repeated the question—that i
was the friend of traitors, he says what is untrue.
The statement is false. That is all 1 have to say
upon tiiat subject.
TheSeruUoi fiom Michigan says that I did not
complain of Mr. Clay, who was chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, for not reporting this
hill. Why, sir, Mr. Clay was the advocate of
the repeal of the fishing bounties. Mr. Clay re-
ported fiom the Committee on Commerce a bill
to repeal them, and advocated H here in a most
elaborate speech. I could have no reason to ar-
raign Mr. Clay for anything he did concerning
this question, for it is well known that Mr. Clay
was in favor of repealing the fishing bounths.
I-Ie tried to do that after I came into tin* Senate,
and before 1 came into the Senate he made a re-
port and an elaborate speech on the subject.
But the Senator from Michigan, in order to get
clear of the charge of negligence on the partof the
committee of which he is chairman, undertakes
to talk about traitors and treason, and he does not
deny what I have said about the Committee on
Commerce not reporting the bill to rhe Senate at
the last (session of Congress. The Send!or knows
very well that I could not get him to repot t the
bill back in time to have action upon it by the Sen -
ate during the last session of Congress. The Sen-
ator knows that J went to him personally more
' than once, and asked him to report it back even
adversely, so that it might be bcfoie the Senate;
but it came back from the committee near the close
of the session, when there was no opportunity to
have action upon it in the Senate.
Now, sir, for most of the gentlemen upon the
Committee on Commerce I have very high per-
sonal reHpoct; but allow me to teil the Senator from
Michigan that he is not one of those for whom 1
have personal respect.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Kentucky yield the floor to theSenator
from Michigan?
Mr. POWELL. No, sir. I do not yield to a
Senator who speaks of me as he has done. The
reply 1 have made to the Senator is of such a
eharactei that a gentleman and a man of honor
cannot respond to it in this Hall.
Mr. President, I was very much astonished
that my remarks should have excited to so great
an extent the ire of the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Fessenden.] for whom I personally have respect.
He got into a flurry of passion and said that I
had been assaulting New England, but that I pos-
sessed no power to nqure New England, i sup-
pose the Senator was light in saying that I could
not injure New England, and I do not want to in-
jure New England. But the Senator said that I
liad assaulted New England. I think the Senate
will bear me witness that I have not made as-
saults upon any section of the country. It has '
not been my habit or my custom. I have not
assaulted oi spoken uncourteoualy of individual
Senators, except in my own defense. How came
it that I spoke of New England the other day?
While I sat here the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Clark] arraigned my State and con-
trasted it most unfavorably with one of the New
England States. He impeached the loyalty of
Kentucky. He made a speech most disparaging
to my State, contrasting it all the while dispar-
agingly with one of the New England States.
His colleague [Mr. Hale] a few days afterwards
made a vigoious assault upon the few of us here
who are from slaveholdmg States. The Senator
from Massachusetts, of whom I spoke on that
occasion, [Mr, Sumner,] the very hour before I
spoke denounced all slaveholders as being barba-
rians, knowing that there were some of us here
who were slaveholders and had slaveholdmg con-
stituents.
Now, I put it to the honorable Senator from
Maine, if afteral! those assaults, aimed directly in
one case*at my State by name, 1 was not right in
repelling those charges. I cer'.amly was right.
If a Senator here will not defend his own con-
stituency when they are assaulted, if he has not
the courage and manhood to resist such aggres-
sions, I think he had better leave his seat and let
his constituents send somebody here who will de-
fend them.
Mr. HALE. T ask the Senator if I assailed
any State or any individual personally?
Mr. POWELL. 1 will do the Senator the jus-
tice to say that he did not; but he assailed a class
of people, and he advised us to put our heads on
the block gracefully and die with composure. But
his colleague did mention my State, and mention
it mc^t disparagingly, too, and the Senator from
Massachusetts prated of the herbalism of slavery,
as he always does, knowing that there were here
men who were-slaveholders, though but very few
of them. It was in repelling these assaults that I
took occasion to speak of New England, but I did
not accuse New England even in that speech, i
distinctly stated that it was not my object to do
so; but in reply to those assaults, as the State
orKentucky had been contrasted with the New
England States m this wai, and with the action
of one New England State in particular, I did
run a parallel between the action of Kentucky and
the action of the Now England States in the war
of 181*2 and the war with Mexico, and I spoke of
the action of the western States and of New Eng-
land in this war, and it was perfectly legitimate
that I should do so. I am not going now to he
drawn into an abuse of New England. It is not
my province here to abuse any section of the
country. I will speak of the abuses that I think
cei tain individuals coming from par ticulai sections
may wish to continue m practice in the Govern-
ment, and when they assail othei s I think it just
as well to tell them a little of their own short-
comings. That is all I did, and that 1 will do
again.
Let me tell the Senator fiom Maine that there
is not strength enough in his feeble arm either to
reach me or Kentucky. Does he expect by a kind
of jeer at me to bridle my tongue? 1 f he does, he
is deceived. He says that my speeches are never
on matteis of public interest, but always for po-
litical effect. The amendment that I now pio-
pose is one that 1 think the people of Maine, who
receive the larger of those bounties, will regard as
something of business, and hence it is that the
Senator flies into such a passion on the subject.
The Senator does not wish to see a law repealed
that fill* the pockets of his constituents with
money unjustly wrung from the haul earnings of
the laboring classes of othei* sections of the coun-
try.
I spoke of the organization of the committees,
as I bad a right to do. It is admitted that they
are organized as 1 stated. So manifest is the un-
justness of the organization of the committees that
"the Senator from Maine cannot hear the subject
mentioned without losing his tempu*. The Sen-
ator's rage wiji not prevent the Senate and the
country from seeing the facts as they aie. But
the Senator from Maine contrasts them with the
committees as they were formed when the Dem-
ocrats were in power. I admit that then most of
the chairmen came from the slaveholding States,
but it was because there were but few Democrats
here at that time from other sections of the coun-
try, but then so many chairmanships were not-
confined to a little patch of country, a small area;
such as New England occupies. They were scat-
tered from Maryland and Delaware to the. Guff.
It is not my purpose, Mr. President, to enter into
any lengthy debate on this subject. 1 have said,
enough in reply to the personal allusions of the
Senator from Maine, So far as he has referred
to the questions about which I speak here, he has
a right to his own opinion. I am in favor of the
most perfect freedom of speech; but ifa Senator ut-
ters sentiments toward me and those whom I have
the honor to represent that I consider unjust, I
will repel them in a proper manner. I think the
Senator is perfectly justified in repelling any as-
sault on his section of the country; but I assure
him that I will assault no section of the country
unless the people I representormyself or my sec-
tion is first assaulted. I have heard but little rise
in this Hall for three years except assaults on the
region of country from which I come, and I think
I have borne them with a great deal of Christian
fortitude, but I will bear them no longer; I will
repel them, come from what quarter they may. 1
can assure the Senator that I will never inaugu-
rate that kind of debate. If it is thrust upon me
I will meet it.
I have said enough, sir, in regard to personal
'matters. I hope the law authorizing these fish-
ing bounties will be repealed, and I trust my friend
from Ohio will reconsider his motion of putting
the provision for the repeal upon the revenue bill
and vote to put it on the bill under consideration
I hope that every Senator who is m favor of the
proposition I have moved will vote to attach itas
an amendment to this bill.
Mi. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Kentucky has told the Senate that he
has gieat respect for some of the members of the
Comriwttee on Commerce, but not for its choir-
man. I thank the Senator for that remark, for if
there is any man on the face of God'searth whose
respect 1 neither desire, nor will have if I can help
it, it is the Senator from Kentucky. 1 wish to
assure him that the feeling is mutual. I have not
and^have not had any respect for him since this
rebellion bioke out, and 1 never shall.
Mr. POWELL. One word. I do not intend
to reply to the Senator from Michigan, i think
the issue between him and me is so plainly be-
fore. the Senate that nothing more need come from
me.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, in the
year 1850, for the first time in my life, I visited
the city of Washington. The Senate then sat in
its old Hall. I had read the utterances of the great
men who preceded us as members of the Senate,
and so overpowered was I when quite a young
man in ascending the steps that led to the galleries
of the Senate Chamber, that I forgot in the mo-
ment of my excitement to take off my hat. I
looked around to see the venerable forms of Clay,
and Webster and Calhoun, the great men who
then held .seats in the Senate. Some eight years
afterwards [ was honored by my State with a seat
on this floor, and I entered it in this new Hall,
thinking it-the highest object of youthful ambi-
tion. 1 witnessed the scenes that oecurn d in the
Senate after I came here. 1 found these sectional
feelings at their height. I found them indulged
in by gentlemen from different sections of the
country. 1 found that on one side representatives
from one portion of the country said to represent-
atives from another that they were devoid of that
courage, of that spirit of manhood that would
cause them to meet their enemies on the honora-
ble field of personal conflict. I found on the other
fcide, and 1 remaiked the spirit evinced, " You
think yourselves above us because you areslave-
holders," and I found a denunciation of the sin of
slavery. I saw this sectional feeling exhibited.
On the one side I was reminded of the barbarism
of slavery, and on the other I heard the retort.
Sir, I have thought in my quiet home that our
present troubles had much of their origin in this
spirit of sectional feeling, m this spiritofreproach
that came first from one section and then from
the other; and I believe to-day that whatever may
have been the exciting causes of the present war,
if members of the Senate and the House of Rep-
resen tat] ves could so far have restrained their feel-
ings as to rise above all such considerations as
