1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
been passed over, and those questions may need
a little further examination. There is only one
thing-that I care to act upon to-day, and it is a
matter of indifference to me in fact whether the
Senate act upon it now or not, and that is the
question in regard to bullion. The committee
have several other important amendments under
Consideration which need considerable examina-
tion, and we are not prepared to go further with
the-bill to-day. I understand that an executive
session is desired, and I am therefore entirely at
the disposal of the Senate as to whether the bill
shall now be thrown open for general amend-
ments or whether we shall go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one section that
the Senator has probably overlooked, that in re-
lation to the tax on carnages.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That- was not passed
over.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood that it was.
Mr. FESSENDEN". No; I think all the
amendments to that section were adopted. Now,
as it is three o'clock and it is desirable to have
an executive session,! am willing that that shall
take place if the result of it will be that the bill
does not lose its precedence but will come up
regularly as the order of the day on Monday. I
desire to ask of the Chair if the effect of our
going into executive session now will be to leave
the bill the order of the day for Monday?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I submit the mo-
tion that the Senate now proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to ask the Senator
from Maine to withdraw his motion so that I may
ask for the consideration of Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 8, which lias been discussed and upon
which I suppose there will not be any more de-
bate. It is a joint resolution providing for the
payment to the State of Wisconsin of herfive per
cent, upon the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands within her limits. As that measure relates
to a State, and I think it is entirely right, I de-
sire to have it disposed of soon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot yield to that,
because if I should do so the clfect would be to
lose the precedence which I wish to reiain for the
revenue bill, to have it taken up on Monday at
one o'clock as the order of the day.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course I do not want
to interfere with that bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Rut it will necessarily lose
its precedence if I give place to other business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I shall not insist on my
request now, hoping to have an opportunity on
Monday morning to call up the joint resolution
to which I have referred.
Mr. CONNESS, For two weeks past I have
been very desirousto call up a bill affecting the
State of California, and I have watched the slow
proceedings of the Senate on the joint resolution
of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] afFecting
the District of Columbia, which seems to lie in
th? way of all business, yet 
Several Senators. We have passed that to-
day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My friend from Califor-
nia is hardly in order. The motion is that we go
into executive session.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that; but I
should like to have the bill to which i have re-
ferred made the special order for the morning
hour on Monday, or a portion of the morning
hour, when the Senate will be full.
Mr. JOHNSON and Mr. HENDRICKS.
What is the bill?
Mr. CONNESS. It is Senate bill No. 109. I
think we can soon get a vote on it after we take
it up.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The joint resolution
which I desire the Senate to take up has been
before the? Senate on two or three occasions.
Mr. CONNESS. So has this bill. It has been
partially considered, and has been lying on the
table for nearly two months. I am very desirous
to obtain action upon it, but as the Senator from
Indiana preceded me with his notice, 1 will agree
not to trench on his rights.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is very
clever.
Mr. CONNESS. I move with the consent of
the Senate that the bill to which I have referred
be made the special order for Monday morning at
half past twelve o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
can only be entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr.. COLLAMER. I have always insisted
that'the morning hour should not be made the
subject-matter of special orders.
Mr. CONNESS. I was aware of that, and I
ask the indulgence of the Senator from Vermbnt
to agree to the proposition I have suggested. T
have named a time in the middle of the morning
hour, at half pasttwelveo'clock. I have labored
here to get this bill up; but the floor has been oc-
cupied morning after morning 
Mr. JOHNSON. Will the Senator be kind
enough to tell us what the bill is?
Mr. CONNESS. It is Senate bill No. 10D,
relating to land surveys in California. Do I un-
derstand the Senator from Vermont to object to
my motion?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not in my jxnver to
do more than state that 1 think the morning hour
should not be made the subject of special orders.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall ask it only in this
case.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from California can be entertained
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONNESS. With theconsentoftheSen-
ator from Maine I will name one o'clock, and
agree not to trench on the tax bill. If this bill
shall lead to any considerable debate, I will let it
go over.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not mean that my
saying that I do not think the bill should be a
special order in the morning hour is to prevent
the motion bemg made.
Mr. CONNESS. I supposed so; but I was
aware that it was not exactly a proper motion to
be made, but I consider that I have been some-
what cheated out of the time by the interminable
joint resolution relating to the District of Colum-
bia,
Mr. COLLAMER. If krestswithmesimply,
I withdraw any objection that I may be supposed
to have made, and the Senator may try the ques-
tion with the Senate to see whether they will
make his bill a special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot consent to any-
thing which displaces the revenue bill; the Sena-
tor from California js awaie of that, and I have
no doubt he docs not dcRite to do it.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Maine that if the bill which I move
to take up shall occupy any considerable time
when it is taken up, I will consentto let itgo over.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But by agreeing to this
proposition I should be simpiy displacing this
Mr. CONNESS. Then I name half pasttwelve
o'clock on Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the Senator's bill be made the
special order for half past twelve o'clock, it will
displace the revenue b/11 af one o'clock?
Mr. CONNESS. I will agroe that it shall not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of the opinion that a special order for half
past twelve o'clock must yield at one o'clock to
the unfinished business of the preceding session
of the Senate. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from California to assign the bill
mentioned by him as the special order for half
past twelve o'clock on Monday.
The motion was agieed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Maine,
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened,and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Mono\y, May 30, 1864.
Prayer by Rev. T. Eddy, D. D., of Chicago,
Illinois.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORGAN presented amcmorial of acting
assistant surgeons in the United States Army,
playing for an increase of'th^iV cpmpgnsfttidnjp
which was referred to the Committer. v
Affairs and'the Militia., ' > S!*S;V '.V '.
Mr. CHANDLERpreset!ted,ape titioo of .
Pridgeonatid others, citizens of Michigan
ing that an American enrollment may'Je" grante^T
to the'Cahadian-buiUpropeller Mrclugan;, winch
was referred'to the Committeeon Commerce^. '
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition'of lien ry *
Rudd, praying for rei*ffbursenteht for losses sus-
tained. by him under,a contract for supplying Che1
Government with horses; which was referred" to
the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of James J,
Johnson, praying for compensation for services
renderedas veterinary surgeon of the fourth Iowa'
cavalry; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES,
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred a letter, .
of the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting the
second annual report of the Central Pacific Rail-
road Company, showing the condition of its af- ,
fairs on the 1st day of March, 1864, asked tc^he.
discharged from its further consideration; which;
was agreed to. ,
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mrs.
Eliza Donnelly and.Miss Sarah Donnelly, pray-
ing for a pension, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to w-hotn
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 314) for tha-reiief
of Harriet and Emily W. Morris, unmarried sis-
ters of the late Henry W. Morris, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 419) for the relief
of Peter Anderson, of the District of Columbia,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
PRIVATE BILL DAT.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer the following reso-
lution in reference to the Order of business on '
Friday:
Resolved, That the session of Friday next, after the
morning hour, bo devoted to the consideration of private ,
bills upon the Calendar, in their ord^r.
Mr. SUMNER. Let that lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will lte over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersok, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 450) to provide for the repair and preserva-
tion of certain public works of the United States;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. G5) to provide for the payment
of the claims of Peruvian citizens under the con-
vention between the United States and Peru of
the 12th of January, 1S63; and
A bill (S. No. 248) in relation to franked
matter.
ACADEMY OF SCIENCES.
Mr. ANTHONY. Some days ago the Com-
mittee on Printing reported a resolution for print-
ing five hundred copies of the report of the Acad-
emy of Sciences. The Senator from Vermont
[Mr. Collameii] oljected to the consideration of
the resolution. I understand he has withdrawn
his objection. It is desirable,if it is to be printed
at all, that it be printed at once, and I therefore
move that the Senate take up the resolution and
dispose of it now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of the rc- -
port of the president of the National Academy of Sciences
he printed and bound lor the use of the Senate.
The resolution was adopted.
WILLIAM YGCUM.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the resolution that
I offered on the 20th of March last m relation to
