1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not less than from twenty-five to thirty mil-
lions. And, sir, although I do not believe that so
much as that was produced there the past year,
I have no doubt that for the future it is a low
estimate.
And, sir, while these people are pouring mil-
lions of treasure into tne lap of the nation, is
nothing to be done for them except to expose
them to the extortions of money-brokers and spec-
ulators, and to fleece them by taxation ? But for the
bullion which the labor and energy of the miners
of the Pacific coast supply, the fabric of your na-
tional credit' would tumble into ruin within a
month; and, sir, in one sense the destiny of this
nation is in their hands. With the resources
which they can furnish we can not only ride out
the fearful whirlwind of this rebellion, but restore
in time the material credit and prosperity of the
nation. Anything which tends to and stimulates
the development of these mines is a great na-
tional good, and as such should receive favorable
consideration.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
thought the other day that the mining population
" had been spoiled by indulgence/' and that we
were seeing the results of their indulgence in (heir
wishes expressed in this Hall by their Represent-
atives. Sir, the mineis of the Pacific coast are
not spoiled by favors; but they do know the im-
mense power which is in their keeping, and their
relative importance to this nation, and knowing
this it is not strange that they should seek legiti-
mately their just rights, and even the taunts of my
friend cannot provoke them into anything but a
fair presentation of their case before the country.
When we can have a hearing we know that jus-
tice will be done. But when you appioach a pop-
ulation producing from fifteen to twenty millions
of treasure and tell'them thai though it will save
them and through them the nation millions an-
nually, you deny them an appiopriation of^lUO,-
000 for the creciion of a branch mint, you need
not be sut prised if they upbraid you with the in-
justice of your course. You keep up the M-nt at
Philadelphia that coins $3,000,000only per year,
at an annual expense of hundreds of thousands,
and refuse to establish one at small cost where
there is absolute and imperative need font. You
have established branches at New Oilcans, at
Dahlonega, and atCharlotte, where during their
whole existence they have not minted as much
as our mines produce in a single year, but refuse
a branch to us. You erected one in Colorado
when the product of her mines as shown by
accurate returns was only four millions, while
you refuse it to us when we produce fifteen, with
a speedy and certain promise of large inciease.
Sir, you may do this, but you cannot convince
our people while you refuse this boon to them
that you are not discriminating against them by
partiality and injustice.
Some gentlemen are feaiful lest the mint be
made a source of gVeat expense to the Govern-
ment. This is a fulse idea. Any mint doing a
largo and tegular business can be made self-sus-
taining. At even the moderate charges .it pies-
ent imposed, the San Francisco mint, as the late
superintendent,Mr. Stevens, infotnis me, lacked
only a few thousand dollars of paying expenses
and sustaining itself. The Mint at Philadelphia
cos's us a large sum, but it has comparatively
little to do and is not operated with any special
regard to economy; indeed, if I were to say that
it was more a political almshouse than a useful
public institution, f presume I would do no injus-
tice to the truth. A man in California can Send
his bullion to the Mint at Philadelphia and have
it returned in coin with quite as much safety and
expedition as a man in the mines'of the north-
west can send to San Francisco and procure his
return. And it would be as unjust to compel us
to go to San Francisco to mint our treasure as it
would to compel the California miner to come to
the city of Philadelphia.
Fully convinced that this bill is just and rea-
sonable, that it is based upon sound policy, upon
economy and fairness, 1 confidently appeal to
this House to pass it without delay.
The hill was oulered to a thiul reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McBRlDE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lav the motion to reconsider on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES A. PITCHER.
Senate bill No. 338, (the last bill on the Speak-
er's table,) for the relief of Charles A. Pitcher,
was then taken from the Speaker's table, read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was leferred
to the Committee of Claims; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded, as the regu-
lar older of business, to call the committees for
reports.
BUREAU OF FREEDME.Vs AFFAIUS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the select committee on
emancipation, reported back bill of the House
No. 51, to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Af-
fairs, with the amendment of the Senate thereto,
and moved that the amendment of the Senate be
non-eoneuned in.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask that the amendment be
read.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will withdraw this
leport foi the presenr and let us go on with the
call of committees. The Committee of Ways and
Means will be reached m a few moments, and frhe
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] in-
foims me that if the special income duty bill can
bo passed, all the remaining business of the ses-
sion can be disposed of to-night. I hope, under
these oncumstanceR, the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will let this bill be passed over.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 cannot consent to that.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to ask ifamotion
to lay the bill upon the table is in order or not?
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It would
be in order, I presume, to move to postpone the
bill until next session.
The SPEA KER. The gentleman would have
a ri^ht to make a motion to lay the bill upon the
table, but any gentleman would have a right to
demand the reading of the bill.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 move to postpone the
consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts demand the readmgof the amend-
ment?
Mr. ELIOT. I have not demanded it. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] called
for the rending.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from New York will withdraw that call.
Mr. BROOKS. I will withdraw it for the mo-
tion to postpone.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I move, then, to postpone
the fuiiher consideration of the bill until the20th
of Decembei next, and on that motion I demand
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion to postpone was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPRESENTATIVES FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported back the resolution referred to
it to-day, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, directing the Clerk of the House to
pay, out of the contingent fund of the House, to
Messrs. Rogers, Johnson, and Jacks, as claimants
for seats on this floor as members of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress from the State of Arkansas, the
usual mileage of members for out! session for the
distance actually haversed by them, and moved
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under its operation
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OBITUARY ADDRESSES ON OWEN LOVEJOY.
Mr. BAILY, from the Committee on Find-
ing, reported a resolution directing that there be
printed for the use of the House three- thousand
copies of the addresses delivered in th£ Senate
and House of Representatives on the death of the *
late Owen Lovejoy, and moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and'th*
main question otdered; and under its operutioii'
the resolution was adopted.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a joint resolution imposing
a special income duty.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time. It directs that in addition to the in-
come duty already imposed by law there shall be
levied, assessed, and collected, on the 1st of Oc-
tober, 1864, a special income duty on gains, prof-
its, or incomes for the year ending 31st Decem-
ber, 1863, of all persons residing within the
United States and of citizens of the United States
residing abroad, at the rate of five per cent, on
all sums exceeding $600; provided, that in esti-*
mating annual gains, profits, or incomes no de-
duction is to be made for dividends or interest re-
ceived from any association, corporation, orcom-
pany, nor shall any deduction be made for any
salary or pay received.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I raise
the point of order that this being a revenue meas-
ure must be considered in the Committee of the*
Whole on the state of the Union.
Tlx1 SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union
on the joint resolution imposing a special income
duty.
Mr. ANCONA demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to. %
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fenton
in the chair,) nndpioceeded to the consideration
of the joint resolution imposing a special income
duty.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I had hoprii
that we had already introduced oui last tax bill;
but it seems to be. necessary, from the fact thut
the enrollment bill requires bounties to be paid,
and in consequence of an opinion that prevails
in some quarters that our tax bill is not fully ad-
equate, that we should introduce this measure
I desire to correct a misapprehension on the par;
of those who have made computations as to tin-
amount of revenue that will probably bedenvtd
from the internal revenue bill. Important enois
have been committed, as I think, in these calcu-
lations, and to which the late Secietary of the
Trea&ury, without sufficient examination, has
given currency in his letter to the Committee of
Ways and Means already published. For in-
stance, the estimate on railroads, steamboats,
ferries, and vehicles is based on ihe idea that we
have only included in thatsection just what was
embraced in the former act, while we have really
included in addition all the coasting trade, the
lake trade, the river it ado, and the freight on
canals; so (.hat not a pound of freight nor n pas-
senger can be transported on our coasts, lakes,
rivers, or canals, as well as on all our railroads,
without contributing to the revenue of the coun-
try. J think there is an underestimate here of
not less than £5,000,000.
Upon brokers' scales the estimate of the De-
partment when the bill was introduced was
$10,000,000. As the bill finally passed the rates
were largely increased, and yet the estimate of
Collector Oiton and Cashier Rollins is only
$2,000,000! All estimates -roust be more or less
conjectural, but how so wide a discrepancy should
have been made passes my comprehension. If
we do not realize more than twice two millions it
will be because the law is not executed.
On spirits, also, the amount, in my judgment,
is very much underestimated by these gentlemen
who have so swiftly furnished an estimate so
much below that ofthe House Committee of Ways
and Means and the Senate Committee on Finance
—including the new Secretary of the Ireasury—•
as well as that carefully prepared by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue. The amount of
