2£52
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
the pardon and imprisonment of William Yocum
bi now taken up.
Mr. WILSON. I am inclined to think that if
the Senator from Kentucky will wait a day or
two an answer will' come to the call that has al-
ready been made. I was 'told* at the War Office
a day or two ago that the papers had just been
ordered from the Attorney General's office to the
War Office.'
Mr, DAYIS* I will acquiesce in that sugges-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
PAY 01- PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. FOOT. I ask the-Senate to postpone all
prior orders and take up Senate bill No. 199, re-
lating to the compensation of pension agents.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that there shall be
paid, over and above the compensation now al-
lowed by law, to every pension agent disbursing
#50,000 annually, not exceeding $500 per annum
for clerk hire, rent of office, and office expenses-,
and to'every agent disbursing $100,000 annually,
not exceeding $750 per annum; and for every
$50,000additional, not exceeding$250 per annum
for those purposes; but in no case is the amount
of compensation to any one agent to exceed the
sum of #3,500.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment in line thirteen, to strikeout
t( §3,500"and insert" §4,000;" so that the proviso
will read;
Provided, That in no case shall the amount of compen-
sation to any one agent exceed the sum of §4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT." X will simply say that this bill has
been fully and carefully considered by the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and has their unanimous ap-
proval, and is in accordance with the recommend-
ation of the Commissioner of Pensions.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed fa if a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
LAND TITLES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 move the postponement
of all prior oi dors for the purpose of taking up
Senate bill No. 238, to ascertain and settle ceitain
private land claims in California.
Mr. CONNESS. I object.
Mr. HALE. I hope that bill.will not bo taken
up, as I understand it will give rise to debate.
The Senator from California is opposed to it. 1
think the Senator from Virginia had better with-
draw (he motion at present.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 should like very much to
comply with the^rcquestof the Senator from New
Hampshire; but U is a bill {hut was here for some
tune before the Committee on Public Lands, and
it 1ms been some time since lttwaa icported, and
I am anxious to have it disposed of. 1 do not
see how it can lead to much discussion,because it
is upon a subject that has been aeted upon by this
body before. A similar bill was passed by the
Senate at the last session. 1 do not myself pro-
pose to take up much time in iis discussion.
Mr. CONNI5S*3. I have no objection thatthis
bill shall be taken up and made the special order
for some time to be designated; but I object to its
being taken up now to theexclusionof impoitant
business. It is a bill, in my opinion, that nevei
can pass, at least it never should puss; and 1 shall
be prepared at any time when it is taken up to
give abundant reasons why it shou'd not pass.
That it cannot be discussed and passed upon this
morning is quite certain. We have made spccial
orders for the morning hour to-day. There are
two appointed, I believe. 1 dislike to be placed
in the position of objecting to a motion made by
my friend the Senator from Virginia; but I wiii
say to that Senator it is quite impossible that his
measure can be acted upon without discussion,
and considerable discussion too; for I apprehend
it involves even more than the Senator, although
he has considered it, has had time to understand,
and therefore I object to its being taken up now.
I am quite willing, nay, I am very anxious that
it shall betaken up and disposed of at some early
period, because I do not want it to hang here m
the Senate forming a cloud upon the title to lands
in California.
Mr. CARLILE. Will the Senator before he
takes his seat allow me to ask him if he will make
a motion to make it a special order for some time
that wijl suit his convenienceandtheconvenience
of other Senators? <
Mr. CONNESS. L am not sufficiently inter-
ested in its well-being to do that. If the Senator
who has charge of the ban tling will undertake that,
I will.accord with his suggestion, whatever it is.
-Mr. CARLILE. I hare no interest in -the
world in this proposition other than to discharge
my duty as a member of this body and as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands. In re-
porting the bill it was accompanied by a report
from the committee which- has been laid upon the
desks of Senators, and I will content myself with
the reading of that report. If it is agreeable, how-
ever, to the Senate to have the bill made the
special order for some future day, I am disposed
to let it take that course, and I suggest Wednes-
day or Thursday or any other day this week.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 object to makinga special
order of any bill of this character at this stage of
the session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion is on taking up the bill.
Mr. HALE. I guess we had better not take
it up.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 9.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to postpone the
consideration of the bill just taken up until to-
morrow at half past twelve o'clock, with a view,
I desire to state, of taking up Senate joint reso-
lution No. 8, for the relief of the State of Wis-
consin, to which I called the attention of the Sen-
ate on Saturday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the bill now before the Senate be postponed
to and made the special older for half pasttwelve
o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. IIALE. The Senator from Indiana says
he makes the motion with a view to take up a
certain joint resolution which he names. I shall
vote for his motion with a view to take up another
joint resolution which is before the Senate and
ought to be considered, and that is the joint reso-
lution for thereliof of the contractors for the ma-
chinery of the gunboats known as " double-end-
ers." I shall give the same vote as the Senator,
but with a different view.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot but again feel it
my duty to protestagainst makingspecial orders
within the morning hour. I hope gentlemen will
not consent to make any special order whatever
within the morning hour.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 agree with theSenator fiom
Vermont, and 1 think in relation to the bill (hat
is now pending it would be enough if we vole to
postpone it gcneiaily, without undeiluking to hx
any particular time funis consideration. There
aie seveuil matters, one or two that 1 am inter-
ested in myself, that i should like to move to take
up to-monow, and there are also oth< r Senators
around me who are desnuus of moving to take
up other propositions; anil yet if we fix a special
oider for half past twelve o'clock to-moirow our
hands will be tied.
Mr. CARLILE. I am anxious to facilitate the
business of the Senate, but i believe that if the
Senate will enter upon the consideration of this
bill at this time the probabilities are that we shall
dispose of it much eailier than we shall after
taking it up by postponing it and making it a spe-
cial oider. My expeuence is that special orders j
really interfere with business and tend to delay
rather than to facilitate if. I will content myself
by simply asking that the Clerk read the report
which accompanies the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read, unless objection be made.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 object. In less than ten
minutes the time fixed for the consideration of
the special order for this morning will arrive, and
j 1 theiefoi e objret to proceeding with this bill now.
I object to this bill obtaining precedence over
| other important business. It is a bill, as 1 have
| said before, that should not pass. I shall be fully
j prepared to show that. I do not know of any
* reason why it should get a special preference m
its consideration. I suggest to the honorable Sen-
ator that its consideration be made the special or-
der at some future day. Half past twelve* o 'clock
to-morrow is not the only time thatcan be named.
Let the Senator-name a day at the end of the
morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Virginia having called, for the reading of the
repprtand objection being made, the Chair will
submit the question to the Sen'ate, shall the re-
port be read ? - ;
MK. TRUMBULL. Before proceeding with
that question, I wish to say that-I regret very
much that the Senator from Indiana should have
made the motion he has made. We never'can;tlo
any business under such-a practice. I understand
the Senate to have voted, on a division, to take up
the bill indicated by the Senator from Virginia.
Am I right? If I am that matter has been taken
up by a vote of the Senate; and the moment it is
up another Senator rises and moves to postpone
that bill and take up another. Suppose the mo-
tion of the Senator from Indiana should be car-
ried: as soon as it is carried the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] who has two or
three matters in charge that he is very anxious
about, may rise and move to postpone the reso-
lution called up by the Senator from Indiana, and
take up one of his bills. Shall we ever do any
business in that way?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Illinois that theques-
tion is not to pqstpone the bill under considera-
tion simply, but to postpone itand jnake it a spe-
cial order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes,sir; but that motion
is made immediately after we have taken up the
bill. The Senate, on a division, as the Senator
from Indiana will observe, the question being
made, resolved to postpone all other orders and
take up the bill indicated by the Senator from
Virginia. The moment that bill is taken up by
a vote of the Senate, the Senator fiom Indiana
rises and moves to take up something else. Can
we ever do any business in that way? We should
either adhere to the bill of the Senator from Vir-
ginia after we have taken it up, or else we ought
not to have taken it up at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois, inasmuch as he criticises my
motion, how the motion could be made to post-
pone until the bill was taken up?
Mr. TRUMBULL. A majority of the Senate
decided to take up the bill indicated by the Sen-
ator fiom Virginia. If a majority had refused to
take up the Senator's bill, then the Senator from
Indiana could have called up his. He should
have voted in the negative, as he probably did,
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia; but
nmajority of the Senute disagreed with him; they
agreed to take up the bill of the Senator from
Virginia. Having taken it up, theSenator fiom
Indiana moves to postpone it. The motion of
the Senator from Virginia was to postpone every-
thing, and proceed to the consideiation of the bill
indicated b.y him. The Semite so decided; and
the moment they so decided the Senator from In-
diana asks to postpone that bill and everything
else, and take up some measure that he indicates.
We shall never accomplish any business if that
practice prevails. I hop% therefore, the Senator
from Virginia, having succeeded in getting his
measure up, will obtain some action upon it,
Mr. HOWE. The question put to the Sena-
tor from Illinois is notauswered yet; and thatis,
how tins motion to postpone the bill of the Sen-
ator from Viig,inia and make it a special oider
could possibly have been made before the bill was
taken up. The complaint is that after the Senate
has voted to proceed to the consideration of a hill
a motion is interposed to set the bill down as a
special orderforacertain time. Thatis the motion
of theSenator from Indiana. How could that mo-
tion have been made before the bill was taken up5
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not object part iculurly
to that portion of the motion proposing to make
the bill a special order; but I do object to this
puictice of following one motion by another, one
immediately after the other. I do notundeistand,
however, that the Senator from Indiana has made
a motion to make the bill a special order.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; his motion was
to postpone the bill until to-morrow at half past
twelve o'clock. I do not think he said anything
about making it a special order. That was just
such a motion as had been before made by the
Senator from Virginia. If the Senator from In-
