1578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
April 12,
those, we should not now be in the unhappy state
hi which we are; and I believe that if we could
forget these feelings now, and if we could look at
the great issues of this national debate in, that
spirit of fraternal kindness in which we are bound
to look at it, we might come to a common under-
standing;
I did not hear tlie commencement of this debate
and I mean to tak« no part in it. 1 do not know
who was right and who was wrong in it. I hope
that in the fa tare we may forget these feelings
which have been engendered in the school of the
past, and that if we do come from different sec-
tions of the country, we shall recollect that the
great, system of government which was formed
for eurbenefit, and for the benefit of those who
may come after us, was formed by patriotic sires,
from all sections of the country, and that in the
spirit of compromise in which they acted we may
act, and forgetting the petty jealousies which have
influenced us in the past, as a band of brothers
wo may look at the presentunhappy state of our
country and act as becomes American statesmen
who fill the scats of the greatest statesmen the
world ever saw.
, Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on ray amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I shall vote for
the amendment of my colleague. Whenever I
have been in a position heretofore to support the"
policy of these fishing bounties I have voted for
their continuance. Many years ago I was taught,
session after session, by gentlemen representing
the New England States, that these fisheries were
the best nursery of seamen on the globe, and
whenever our country should be involved in war
these adventurous and hardy seamen would be
ready-trained sons of Neptune to man our ships-
of-war and privateers, and bear our flag in tri-
umph against all comers through the battle and
the breeze, and in that way would compensate the
country for the cost it paid for their tuition in the
formof these bounties. Myown State cherished
the laurels won by our gallant tars upon oceans
and lakes with as true national pride as did New
England, and she voted without grudging these
largesses that our country might have the .first
seamanship of the world. *
The principles and policy of my State, too, as
her people were imbued by her great statesmen,
were to regard every section and every State as
equally part of our common country, and entitled
in their leading interests to the same protection and
fostering care from the General Government. Until
since New England has become wholly secdonal-
ized and selfish, we had cultivated for her feelings
of fraternal pride, conceding that she contributed
her full share to our national greatness and glory,
and we sustained the measures and policy that
developed her industry, wealth, and power, not
only as a duty, but with a generous and proud
satisfaction. We felt that whatever was aggrand-
izing New England wasat the same time bearing
aloft the United States; and we so regarded every
section and every State.
We had been taught by New England states-
men to consider the seamen formed In those fish-
eries and sustained by those bounties did not be-
long to that or any other section, but, like the
graduates of West Point, to be the property of the
nation at large; and that when they took post on
the decks of our ships of war they were not to be
credited to New England or any State, but to the
United States. But since the States of New Eng-
land have, during this civil war, unanimously
claimed and each is to receive the benefit of hav-
ing her seamen computed in the quotaof soldiery
she is to furnish to the war, one of the chief argu-
ments for the continuance of these bounties is re-
moved.
Another cogent one when they were first es-
tablished was, that our marine, both military and
mercantile, "as then m its infancy, and these
bounties were necessary stimulants to foster it
against the severe competition of other maritime
Powers. This aigument was then entitled to and
received much consideration, but time and the
great growth of our Navy have shorn it of all force.
But the present political position of New Eng-
land, which she has been gradually approaching
for many years, until at length she is absorbed
by it, is what chieily determines me to vote for
the repeal of these fishing bounties. The Federal
Constitution was formed upon several important
concessions and compromises between the north-
ern and southern States, without which it.would
have been impossible to have formed a Constitu-
tion. Than this there is no fact in history better
established. New England adheres, as is her
right and her duty, to all the compromises in her
favor; but those beneficial to the South, to my
section and State, she has been for many years
fiercely assaulting, against the spirit and letter of
the Federal Constitution, until she has become a
unit, and in a spirit of destructive frenzy is bent
upon the subversion of the Constitution and the
Union which it formed, to expunge all the com-
promises that protect the rights of the slave States.
There is no principle of our complex system
of national and State governments more import-
ant or more dear to the great mass of the people
of the United States than that all the local and
domestic institutions, polity, affairs, and rights
of each State are in no form, extent, or manner
within the jurisdiction or power of the Govern-
ment of the United States, but are as whoSy and
exclusively, except in the few matters expressly
named in the Constitution,under the control,di-
rection, and government of the States respect-
ively and their people, as though there were no
Federal Union or Government. Each State has
for itself the sovereign and exclusive right to de-
termine for itself in what subjects property shall
or shall not exist, and to make every law and
regulation of property within its own limits.
Neither the Government of the United States nor
any other State has a particle of right or power
to interfere with property in another State. This
principle has bepn fuUy conceded by every Amer-
ican jurist and statesman until this day of mental
and moral insanity.
What right, or legitimate power, has New Eng-
land to abolish slavery in Kontucky, oranf*other
State? The States of New England, each for
itself, established slavery, continued the institu-
tion during its pleasure, and abolished it when
they respectively chose to do so, without being
interfered with by the United States Government,
or any other State. Would New England ac-
quiesce in the reestablishment of slavery in her
six States by an amendment of the Federal Con-
stitution? If itwero to be adopted in the required
forms, it would not be an amendment, but a rev-
olution, a destruction ofState sovereignty, a sub-
version of our system of Government, and without
the pale of the power of amendment. The pro-
posed amendment to abolish slavery in the States
is no less revolutionary and unauthorized. The
Chicago convention that nominated Mr. Lincoln
inserted this plank in its platform:
<• Tin! tiic maintenance inviolate of thn rights
of the Slates, ami especially the right of each Slate to older
and control its own domestic lnstilutions, accotding to its
own judgment, exclusively, is essential to that balance of
powei on winch ilieperiection and endurance of our polit-
ical labrie depend."
His party in the House of Representatives,
11th of February, 1861, with but two or three
negative votes, passed these resolutions:
" Resolved, That neither the Federal (Jovernmtjnt nor
the people or governments of the noii-slaveholdmg States
have a puipo.-,e or a constitutional light to legislate upon
or interfere Willi slaveiy m any ol the States ol the Union.
" JlcolfcJ, That those persons in the North who do not
subseiihe to the toreyoinis piopo.-ition me too insignificant
in minibeis and influence toencito the senous attention or
ahum of any puuion of the people of the lie public, find that
the ineieaso of their numbers and influence does not keep
pace with the ineioase of the ablegate population of the
Union."
When the Senators and Representatives from
New England obseive no rules of fraternity, lib-
eial policy, or justice towaid my State and other
States, but, driven on by prejudice against slavery,
hate against slave-owneis, and a selfish purpose
to take advantage ofa frenzied state of public opin-
ion, to obtain for herself undue power and enor-
mous advantages in the administration of the Gov-
ernment, she overleaps all the limits of the Con-
stitution to annihilate property ill §150,000,000 i
worth of slaves in Kentucky, she must expect
retaliatory measures until she comes to a better
performance of hei own duties and obligations.
But New England not only disregards all the
claims of comity and justice toward many other j
States, including my own, but, to indulge her ma- I
levolence to slave-owners, and for the ends of ava- I
rice and ambition, she lias combined m manifold j
and the most alarming infractions of the Constitu-
tion. The Government as now administered is
practically subverted, and for that limited, free, and
constitutional one established by our ancestors,
Mr. Lincoln and his party have substituted a most
oppressive military despotism. The people of no
State have been more truly and steadily devoted
to "liberty and Union, nowand forever, one and
inseparable," than have been the people of Ken-
tucky. But it is the " liberty and Union"estab-
lished and formed by the Constitution. If New.
England and the party which now holds posses-
sion of the Government will, as they seSm re-
solved, sunder liberty and Union, Kentucky will
choose liberty for her part. Our Government and
UnioTi were formed, 110M0 ingulf liberty at the
time or in its future administration, but to secure
its priceless blessings to those who made them and
their posterity. When the Government.and its
poweis are perverted by bad men who have charge
of them to enslave the people, before that slavery
shall become fixed and permanent, let the Union,
theGovi rnment, and those who make itanengine
of oppression, all perish. Before the present or
any future usurpers shall consummate their work
of the demolition of the Constitution and the sub-
version of popular freedom, let the Union he shiv-
ered into as many fragments as there are States;
and the people, instructed by terrible experience,
will form another and still more perfect Union.
But whether Kentucky is to foira one of a glorious
galaxy of States, or is to occupy the position of a
lone star, may liberty dwell with her forever, or
may she maintain a never-ending battle for it.
Never were men guilty of a greater or more flagi-
tious abuse of trust and power than those who
are now in place. They have disturbed and dis-
organized the Government, the Constitution, the
rights, liberties, and privileges of the people, all
that is valuable or desirable in social organiza-
tion; but those inappreciable blessings are not yet
irretrievably lost. There is a power that can still
rescue and preserve them. That power is the
sovereign people. In their freedom of speech,
the freedom of the press, and the freedom of elec-
tions, there is deliverance. If. they will arouse
themselves to this great work it will be done.
There is no other hope!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Powell.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Harding,
Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, Lane of
Kansas, McDougail, Nesmith, I'omeroy, Powell, Sauls-
bury, TitiinbulJ, Wilkinson, Willey, and VViiglit—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler,Conness, Doolittle,
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, l-Iale, Harris, Howe,
Johnson, Moigan/Iiainscy, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner,
Ten Eyck, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see from the character of
the vote in regard to the fishing bounties thatmy
vote will change the result. As I am in favor of
the object of the amendment, and hope we shall
get rid of this controversy, I move again the
amendment_submitted by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, as the bill is now before the Senate. I do not
wish to say a word about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be in
order after the Senate shall have acted upon the
amendments madeasin Committee ofthe Whole.
The first question is on concurring in the amend-
ments madeasin Committee ofthe Whole. The
question will be put on all the amendments in the
aggregate unless a separate vote is desired by a
member.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask to have the one ex-
cepted m regard to the removal of the Naval
Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is an amendment
also in regard to the purchase of ground for a
cemetery. I call for a separate vote on that, so
as to ask a question in regai d to it of the Senator
from New Hampshire who is chairman of the
Naval Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those two
amendments will be reserved for separate votes.
The question is on concurring in the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole, with tha
two exceptions indicated.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. GR.IMES. I move thatthe Senate adjourn.
The motton was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
