1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157?
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpt il 12, 18G4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. II. Ckanning.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House
for leave of absence from Thursday of next week.
Thgre was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
REQUEST TO VOTE.
Mr. CRESWELL. I ask the consent of the
House for leave to record my vote in the affirma-
tive on the resolution offered on Saturday last by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
and the resolution submitted by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mi\*Schenck,] in reference to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris.]
There was no objection, and it was ordered ac-
cordingly.
Mr, ROBINSON. I give notice that I shall
object to any other member having his voteic-
corded on those resolutions. If I had heard the
request of the gentleman from Maryland in time
I would have objected to him.
STENOGRAPHER TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HIGBY, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the "(Meet committee to Investigate charges
against Hon. F. 1\ jr., be authored to employ a
stenographer, at the rate of compensation paid for importing
the pioceedings of the House for the Cougies.&mnal Globe.
GRANT OF LAND TO WISCONSIN.
Mr. McINDOE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting land to Wisconsin to aid in
the construction of railroads in said State; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
BOUNTIES TO SOLDIERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill teiativc to the
payment of bounties.to soldiers; which was lead
a first and second time, and referred to thy Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
COURTS IN NEW YORK.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Committee
on the Judiciary was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. II. No. 379) in rela-
tion to the United States courts in the southern
district of New York; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
DEPRECIATION Otf CURRENCY.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, rc-
poited fiom the Committee of Ways and Means
a bill to prevent the depreciation of the currency;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and its consideration postponed for
one week.
MODE OF PURVEYING.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to authorize a depa'rtuie from the
established mode of surveying in certain cases;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
s. V. PENDERGRAST.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, the Committee on Naval Pensions was
discharged from the further consideration of the
petition of Mrs. S. V. Pendergrast, widow of the
late Commodore G. J. Pendergrast, of the Uni-
ted States Navy, for an increase of pension; and
the same was laid on the table.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF A MEMBER.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the resolution for the expulsion of Mr.
Long, (Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire, in the
' chair.)
Mr. ELDRIDGE, Mr. Speaker, I come to the
discussion of this question with feelings of awe
and sorrow; of awe because of its magnitude and
importance, and sorrow because in my judgment
it is wrongfully and unnecessarily brought here
at this time for our consideration. Its only effect
is to delay important legislation and stir up bit-
terness, strife, and party feeling at a time when
good fellowship and unanimity of sentiment ought
to prevail. The resolution toexpelthe gentleman
from Ohio for opinions entertained andexpressed
in debate on the floor of this House, in my judg-
ment presents one of the most important ques-
tions ever presented here or in any other delibera-
tive body. It involves the sacred right of free
speech in general, and the right of free parliament-
ary debate. It seeks by lawless and arbitrary
power to control or suppress the representative
voice of the people. It is a high-handed attempt
of a domineering and insolent partisan majority to
deprive an individual member of this body of the
right to represent faithfully the will of his con-
stituency; and, sir, if it shall succeed, it will de-
stroy the chamcter and usefulness of this House
as a representative body. It is another blow aimed
at the Constitution and the liberties of the people.
Sir, there is no constitutional warrant for this
proceeding; it is entirely without the jurisdiction
of this Ilouse to expel a member for opinion's
sake. The second section of article one of the
Constitution provides thequalifications of a mem-
ber of this House. He must be twenty-five years
of age, and have been seven years a citizen of the
United States, and an inhabitant of the Slate in
which he shall be chosen. Section five of article
one provides that the " House shall be the judge
of the election returns and qualifications of its
members;" and that the "House may determine
the rules of its proceedings, punish its members
for disoiderly behavior, and with the concurrence
of two thirds expel a member." Sir, it will be
perceived that opinions are not among the qual-
ifications provided for. The right to membership
does not depend upon the opinions that may or
may not be entertained. The power or jurisdic-
tion to punish or expel is for disorderly behavior
only. The jurisdiction to determine the quali-
fications of a member by his opinions was for
wise pui poses withheld by the fiamers of the
Constitution. If it be the opinions entertained
by the member which qualify or disqualify him
for a seat in this House, then the House has ju-
risdiction to determine his right to a seat, baaed
upon his opinions when ho comes here from the
people m the first instance. If he can be expelled
lie may be rejected on account of his opinions.
Opinions which would disqualify a sitting mem-
ber would prevent his taking his seat.
Sir, the doctrine that we can expel a member
for the opinions he entertains is monstrous. I
was amazed at the position taken by the distin-
guished gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
last evening, that it is not for his opinions that it
is sought to expel him, but for his judgment
formed and delivered. It is difficult to perceive
the distinction between opinion and judgment m
this instance. But if a Representative has a set-
tled judgment upon the public affairs of the coun-
try, has he not the right, is it not his duty to pre-
sent that judgment for consideration ? An honest
man cannot change his convictions by his own
will or the will of any other man. Honest con-
victions are above the control of force or power;
they are above the jurisdiction and control of this
House. Members are sent here to represent dif-
ferent views and opinions. it is acts, "disorderly
conduct," and not the expression of opinion, for
which this House may expel or punish.
But, sir, what is the offense of the gentleman
fiom Ohio? He lias stated what he believes to be
a fact, and I and a majority of this House disa-
gree with him. He says:
"I now believe that there are hut two alternatives, and
the.y are, either an acknowledgment of the independence
of ihe youth as an independent nation, or their complete
subjugation and extermination as a people; and of these
alternatives I prufer theformei."
Mr. Speaker, I have not yet come to the con-
clusion of the gentleman fiom Ohio. I have not
come to the conclusion that secession is a fixed,
unalterable fact. I have not come to the conclu-
sion that these two alternatives of the gentleman
are the only alternatives presented to this country.
It is possible they may be. Thegentleman may
be right, and I may be wrong. He has come to
his conclusion " reluctantly and despondingly,
that the Union islost,nevertobcrestoied." lie
" regards all drcums of the restoration of the
Union, which were the pride of his life, and to
restore which even now he would pour out his
heait's blood, as worse thanidlc." He lias come
to his conclusion honestly. I as honestly, I be-
lieve, hope that I am right and he is wrong. I
cannot agree with him or the" gentleman froth
Pennsylvania, whom he quotes as authority, that
the confederate States are out of the Union. Bufy
sir, it is the high right, prerogative, and privilege
of these gentlemen, and every gentleman on-this
floor, to entertain and present for the considera-
tion of this House, at the proper time and' in thfc
proper manner, such opinions upon the stateand
condition of the country as their judgment and
conscience dictate. He can as an honest man en-
tertain no other, and with that this House has
nothing to do.
I say, therefore, there never was a more dan-
gerous or alarming proposition presented to any
deliberative, representative body, than that of
expelling one of its members for opinions he may
entertain. Sir, this question rises infinitely higher
than the right or wrong of the opinions them-
selves. It involves the whole question of the
right of minorities to representation, and individ-
ual liberty of conscience. To concede the power
or right of expulsion in this case would concede
away that prerogative for which the immortal ex-
pounder of the Constitution so eloquently con*
tended in those ever-to-be-remembered words:
" Tt is the ancient and undoubted prerogative of this peo-
ple to canvasH public measures and the merits of publie
men. It is a homebred right, a fue&ide prmtege. It hath
been enjoyed in every house, cottage, and cabin in the na?-
Uon. It i* not to be drawn into controversy. It is as un-
doubted as the right ofbteathmg the air, or walking on the
earth. Belonging to private life as a right, it belongs to
public life as a duty, and it is the last duty which those
whose representative I am shall find me to abandon. Aim-
ing at all times to be. courteous and temperate in its use,
except when the right itself is questioned, I shall place myself
on the extreme h'oundaiy of my right, and bid defiance to
any aim that would move me Uom my giound. This high
constitutional privilege I shall defend and exercise within
this House and in all places ; in time of pcacc, in time of
war, and at oil times. Living, 1 shall assert it, and should
] leave no other inheritance to my children, by the blessing
(it God 1 will leave them the inheritance ot free principles
and the example of a manly, independent, and constitu-
tional defense of them."
But, sir, gentlemen profess to believe that there
is danger now because we are engaged in war.
Webster asset ted the right as existing at all times,
<{in war as well as peace." If the opinions of
the gentleman from Ohio are so clearly and fla-
grantly wrong, where is the danger ? Who fears
that the truth will not prevail?
Jefferson, in his first message, speaking on this
subject, said:
"And let us reflect that, having banished from our land
that leligiou^ intolerance undei which mankind so long
hied and MifJerod, we have yet gained little if wi> counte-
nanee a political intolerance as despotic, as wicked, and
capable of a  bitter and bloody pcf^ecutio^s.', * * *
"It theie be any among us h ho would wish to dissolve
this Union, or to change its republican foim, let them stand,
undisturbed, as monuments or the safety with which erior
ot opinion may be tuleiatcd where leason is left fiee to
combat it."
There can be no danger for truth in such a
contest. Tt is error only that is fearful and intol-
erant. Wrongand oppression would shrink from
a fair, open, and manly warfare.
But, sir, there is nothing in the opinions of the
gentleman from Ohio but what, if he believed
them, he had a right, as a Representative, Jo utter
in any event. Nay, it was his solemn duty to
bring the subject before this House and present
it to the country. This is a Government of the
people, and they are entitled to the information.
Some of the Republican papers of the country
are frank and manly enough to see and declare
the folly of this farce. The New York Times
of yesterday, which I hold in my hand, says:
"In out judgment, the Speaker^ zeal outruns his dis-
cretion. His resolution is neither right nor expedient."
The New York Evening Post, also a Repub-
lican paper, says:
" But there i& more than a question of mere party ex-
pediency in tins matter. Mr. I.ono's was a perfectly
legitimate expression of opinion. I-lethinkvthat the rebel*
must be allowed to go in peace or he extirpated; and ha
stated ills thought calmly and respectful!}, in propei
woidb." * * * ' * '"Truth has never any-
thing to fear from an open and face-to-face encounter with
falsehood."
Mr. Speaker, I did hope that this resolution,
so manifestly wrong, would ere this have found
some opponent on the other side of the House.
I did hope there was some good lawyer, some
bold, honest Republican on this floor, who, pre-
ferring freedom of speech, and desiring to pre-
serve the dignity and character and privileges of
the American House of Representatives, would
have proposed the withdrawal of the resolution.
