1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL iGLGBE.
man to withdraw that motion to allow me to sub- |
mit an amendment and say a single word in ex-
planation of it.
Mr. MORRILL. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I submit the fol-
lowing amendment as an additional section:
And be it further resolved, That there shall be levied and
collected trom every bank, coin pany. or association having
notes in circulation as currency (other than national
banks oiganized under the laws of Congress) ten per cent,
on the average uniountof the notes of such bank, company,
or association in circulation during tho year ending the
31 st of December, 1864, and for each and every year there-
after.
My purpose in offering that amendment is this:
we are proposing now to levy an extraordinary
and almost oppressive income tax, and if we are to
impose additional taxes I wish to see the Govern-
ment taking a step in the light direction toward
the cure of the great evil of Us finances. When
the Government now levies two dollars, we only
get the value of one dollar. The reason of that is
there are now two or three differentcurrencies, one
or other of wh ich has reduced the value of the cur-
rency one lialfor one hundred per cent, and more.
The reason of that is this: ill 1860 the specie circu-
lation and the circulation of the banks were about
three hundred million dollars. Those two items
now amount to $339,000,000. In addition to that
we have of United States notes in circulation
$448,000,000. We have in addition Treasury
noies operating as circulation to the extent of
$162,000,000. If we add up the items of the exist-
ing circulation of the country it runs up to
$951,000,000, three times the actual circulation of
I860.
These figures explain the fact that gold is now
two hundred or two hundred and fifty per cent.
Those figures explain the fact that the euoimous
revenue we are raising will not pay the expenses
of the Government. If you will strike out one
halfof the currency you will double the value of
the revenue. If you will apply the remedy 1 have
offered in my amendment I am willing to go for
the additional income tax. If we are to incur two
dollars for one dollar the tax cannot have my vote.
I wish to see the Government take a step in the
right diiection. Cure tho curse of inflated cur-
rency, and let us know if we levy a tax we get the
value of the tax.
Thrtt is all I have to say. I renew the motion
that the committee rise.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
motion and yield to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. BROOKS. I have only a few words to say
in irply to the gentleman from Maryland. In my
judgment tile best way in reference to these na-
tional banks would be to retrace outsteps exactly
as we have done in the gold bill, and repeal the
whole system,' whereby not only $300,000,000of
currency would be annihilated at once, but prob-
ably $600,000,000 or $800,000,000. A proposi-
tion so preposterous as that he has offered in ref-
erence to the State banks I do not tlunk it worth
while to discuss in the House. I think it will not
have much support from either side of the House.
Why should this proposition for increased tax
come from the gentleman from Vermont at this
late day in the session? The other evening, when
he addressed the House on the tariff bill and the
internal revenue bill, the pictures which he drew
of our prosperity were not only glowing but grat-
ifying to both sides of the House.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that I do not
take back a single word which I uttered on that
occasion. But we have authorized bounties to
volunteers, and it is perhaps right to provide for
them.
Mr. BROOKS. I want the gentleman from
Vermont to adhere to his own opinions. These
rescripts which come m from the Departments,
these edicts which come here from the Treasury
Department and elsewhere, orders to pass bills as
desirable to them, is not the parliamentary and
proper way, and is not that which in any way is
likely to lead to proper deliberation and legislation
on the part of the House.
Why has the gentleman selected the incomes
of the country, now heavily laden with a five per
cent, tax? Why does he come here with an
exclusive, denunciatory tax upon the indusHy,
enterprise, and labor of the country; upon the
manufacturing, commercial,and*intellectuallabor
of the fcountry ? Why does he propose to lay his
burdens exclusively upon them? Why has he
not sought other sources of revenue? There is
no other country where there is a landed prop-
erty like there is throughout the United States,
stretching from the lakes to the Gulf, and from
the Atlantic seaboard to the distantshores of Ore-
gon and Califrnia. Why has he not directed his
attention to the farming interest of the country?
That interest is now more prosperous than ever
before. Hay is selling atforly dollarsaton,but-
ter thirty to fifty cents per pound, and so on. The
whole agricultural interest was never more pros-
perous than at this present moment.
The landed interest is not touched, not looked
at at all; upon it no burdens fall, because the in-
come tax levied upon landholders amounts to
nothing, for in the adjudication of that income
but few farmers pay any income whatever. They
so regulate their work, so adjust their accounts,
that little or no income tax comes from the farm-
ers of the country. As the representative of a
commercial, a manufacturing, and a mechanical
people, as the representative of the commercial
metropolis of the country, I protest against this
heavy burden being placed upon that species of
industry while the agricultural interest is exempt
altogether.
Why is it not done? I know full well why it is
not done. A presidential election is approach-
ing, and the fai ming interest is powerful; farmers
are numerous, their voice will be heard, and they
are exempted solely because of their political
power; while upon the mechanics of the country,
the commerce of the country, and the manufac-
turers of the country, weaker in power, is pro-
posed to be levied exclusively this income tax.
Be equal in your taxation; be just in your dis-
tribution of burdens. For political purposes
gentlemen exempt the larger class of community
from any of the greater burdens which ought to
be imposed upon all equally. I hope some gen-
tleman will propose to change this income tax,
and provide that it shall be shared by the farmers
of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. I am a little surprised that
the gentleman from New York is not more con-
versant with our legislation on this subject, so
that he can understand that the farmer will pay
just as much as the mechanic, the merchant, or
any person of any other class, provided he makes
as much money. We tax gains, profits, and in-
comes, not men. Now, if there is a class that
mainly makes the property of the country, which
makes three, four, five, or ten dollars a day, there-
by accumulating more than six hundred dollars
a year, while the farmer with all his family at
woilt barely makes a dollar a day, that class is
to be taxed, and righteously taxed. There is no ex-
clusion, and there is nothing butdemocraticequal-
ity in this income tax. Every man who makes
more than six hundred dollars a year is to be
taxed, let him be who he may, and taxed in just
proportion to his annual gains and profits.
Mr. GANSON. When is this income to accrue?
Mr. MORRILL. It will be collected on the
1st of October next, before the year 1864 will
have expired.
Mr. GANSON. Iam rather surprised thatthe
gentleman should propose a tax upon avails al-
ready expended when he opposes a tax on whisky
on hand. He here proposes to tax incomes which
have been exhausted, but does not propose to tax
articles on hand.
Mr. MOR.R1LL. The gentleman hasanacute
intellect, and he will not fail to discover the in-
consistency and impropriety of proposing a tax
for 1864, on the list of 1864, long before the year
expires. This tax is based on the estimates or
returns of 1863, and there is no other mode by
which it could be propeily reached. Of course
we do not base it on the returnsof income of 1864,
which we have not yet reached, although we do
so far anticipate as to make it payable out of the
income of 1864.
I move that the committee rise for the purpose
of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Fi:n"to>t reported that the
Committee of'the Whole on the state ofthe Union
had, aecSiding to Older, had the Union generally
under consideration, ami particularly a sp'efci'al
income tax bill, and had come' ttfud-feseltrtiwi
thereon. * ; . - ■ ; *
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate be
closed on this bill in one minute after- the com-
mittee shall again resume its considerataotti"''
The motion was agreed/to; I " ' -
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rates
be suspended, and the House resolve itself-:irfso
the Committee of the Whole on the state,of.
Union.
The motion was agreed to. '
So the rules were suspended, and the Housewe*
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee oBthe
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. FenIjon
in the .chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the special income tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope no gentleman will
endeavor to embarrass, this resolution by any
amendments, for I am very sure that we shall
not be able to pass anything but this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merelypro-
pose to carry out the rule which the Committee
of Ways and Means have finally adopted, and
which 1 had hoped they would have laid down at
an earlier period of the session. They have now
come to what I have alt along contended for, the
imposition of a tax on stock on hand. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 therefore offer the amendment which I
send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to the pending amendment the following:
Jlnil be it further resolved, That all spirits of domestic
pioduction ou hand Cor sale on tile 1st day of July, 1864, and
upon which no tax shall have been paid,slial! be subject to
a duty of 70 eents pe* gallon;'and all such spirits on hand
for sale upon which a prior duty shall have been paid shall
be subjcct to a duty of 50 cents per gallon • Provided, That
all bona fide retailers of spirits, duly licensed, shall not be
taxed on their stock on hand where the quantity on band
does not exceed two barrels.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I merely
wish to say that if the amendment be adopted it
will yield a revenue of about $20,000,000.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
73, noes 29.
So the amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the amendment of the gentleman fiom Maryland
Mr. Davis] as amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
offer mine as an amendment to the amendment of
the gentleman from Maryland. Mine was a dis-
tinct proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Then it could not have
been in order. The amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland was pending, and the gentleman
from Illinois could only offer his as an amend-
ment to that. It was so read and so voted on.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It has been adopted
as a part of my amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offeiedit
as a substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maryland.
TbeCHAIRMAN. ThoChairdistinctlystated
to the committee that the question was on the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois to the
amendment of the gentleman from Mary land, and
it was put and carried. The question,now is on
the amendment ofthe gentleman from Maryland
as amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As there
was evidently a misapprehension, I hope the com-
mittee will vote that down arid then 1 will offer
another amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope they will
do no such thing. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burne, of Illinois, and Davis, of Maryland, were
appointed.
Thecommittee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 37, nors 60
So the amendment,as amended, was not agreed
to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now move
to add to the original jointresolution the follow-
mg;
Jind be it further resolved, That all spirits of domestic
production on hand tor sale on tho istday of July, iSf>4,
and upon which no tax shall have been paid, shalt* be sub-
ject to a duty of 50 cents pel gallon ; and all sueh spirits
on hand lor salts upon which a pi jot duly shall have been
paid shall be subject to a auiy of SO cents poi gallon:
Provided, That toma fide letailersof spuit?, duly licensed,
shall not lie taxed on stock on hand wlieie the,quaililly
does not eitcecd two bariels.
