1864.
THE -00^T(HlKSSI0KAJU' ©LOBE.
diana succeed? with his motion,I can make a mo-
tion to postpone and take up a bill that I have in
charge. ,
.Mr. CARLILE. There is a special order, as
f understand,.for half past twelve o'clock this;
morning,.apd as; I am anxious, to-accommodate
the Senate and particularly the Senator from^Cali-
fornia, I am willing that this bill may he on the.
table, but I give notice that I ^hallcaU it up on
Wednesday morning.
Mr. CONNESS. I am much obliged to the
Senator. I am equally anxious to-^ctou this bill
that it may be finally and definitely, disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of the bill be post-
poned until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone-
all prior orders and takp up Senate joint resolu-
tion No. 50, for the relief of the contractors for
the machinery of the side-wheel gunboats known
as double-enders.
Mr. CONNESS., I suggest to the honorable
Senator that the hour has now arrived, or it is
within a minute of it, fixed for the consideiation
of the special order, and I hope we shall be al-
lowed to go on wifli,'that bill, as it was made the
special ordei for this morning, and let the Senator
come in next after that.
Mr, HALE. I will inquire whether there is
any such thing as " unfinished business" in the
morning hour ?
The PRESIDENT?)™ tempore. There is often
business unfinished, but it does not come up as a
matter of course.
Mr. HALE. I want to state what this resolu-
tion is, and then I will leave it to the Senate to
decide. It is a resolution for the reliefofthebuild-
ers of the steam engines of the gunboats known
as " double-endera." I have here both the let-
ters of the Secretary of the Navy on the subject,
i think the Senate owes it to the country and to
these men to dispose of their case, if they mean
to do anything fo.r them, and if they do not they
should let them know it. .
Mr. CONNESS. I putit to the Senator again
to allow mo to go on with the bill that has been
made the special order. It has .been lying on the
table for two months partially acted upon.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe there was an
understanding between the Senator from Califor-
nia and myself on Saturday that the joint reso-
lution for the relief of the State of Wisconsin,
which is somewhat under my charge, should take
precedence of his bill. ' I interposed no objection
to his motion, but suggested to the Senator that
that should be the course; it seemed to be the gen-
eral understanding, I therefore move that the
consideration of his bill be suspended informally
until we can take a vote on that resolution. I do
not propose to discuss itat any length. 1 merely
wish to make a suggestion or two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
half past twelve o'clock having arrived, theChair
will call up for consideration the special order for
this hour, being the bill (S. No. 109) to expedite
the settlement of titles to lands in the State of
California.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion is 
Mr. CONNESS. Let mo say a word to the
Senator. I will stand by my agreement, and if
the Senator insists on that order of proceeding I
shall certainly not object; but I want to make an
appeal to him. I think a vote can be taken on
this bill without discussion; I hope so; and then
it will occupy but a few moments. It has been
reported by the Committee on Public Lands; the
chairman of that committee is in his seat, and 1
think it will occupy but a few minutes if we pro-
ceed with it now; butif the Senator insists I shall
certainly give way.
The PR,ESlDENTpro tonpore. Senate bill No.
109 is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Johnson] informs me that there will
be discussion on this bill. If there is discussion,
I will appeal to the Senator from California 
Mr. CONNESS. I will allow the Senatoi to
have his way on that subject. I simply ask his
indulgence.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand whether the Senatoi fiom In-
diana moved the postponement of the bill or not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Cali-..
foroia suggests that a vote car) be taken on this,
bill at once. If so, I shall not object.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
hefore the Senate is on the araend«aen,t of, the
Committee or Public, Lands' to.thje, bill as,
amended-. , , , .
Mr, TRUMBULL. Let it be read. •
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest that it baa beqn.
read once. It is "a long bill. It, js. a. substitute
offered1 by the. committee and moved fty, them.
The PRESIDENT pro Import,. U will be read
again unless there be objection.
Mr. BUCKALEW. What is the title oi. the
bill? ' ' '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. "A. bill to ex-
pedite the settlement of titles to lands in the State,
of California."
Mr. SHERMAN, I think a hill like that ought
to be read at apy rate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be read
again unless there he objection.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand it has been.
read.
Mr. CONNESS. ft has been. Let me state
that the chairman of the Committee on. Public
Lands has some amendments to offer.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
reading of so important a bill as that. It ought
to be read, three times by the rule. I want to-
hfar.it once at least.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Public
Lands report a bill in the nature of a substitute.
Perhaps the reading of that will suffice.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all 1 desire. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will be read.
The Secretary read theamendment,asfollows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the original
bill, and insett.
Tha-t whenever the syiveyor general of California shall,
in compliance with the thirteenth paction of an act entitled
"An act to asceitam and settle the puvate land claims in
the State of California," approved March 3, 1851, have
caused any private land claim to be surveyed an<j a plat to
be made thereof, ho >haH give iiQUce that the bame lias
been done by a publication, oncc a werk for four consecu-
tive weeks, in two newhpapeis, one published in the city of
Han Francisco and one published near the land surveyed;
and shall letatn in Ins otlice, for public inspection, tliehur-
vcy and plat until ninety days hom the date of the fiist pub-
lication in San Fianctseo shall have exphed; audit no
objections are made to said survey, he shall approve the
same, and transmit a <op> of the purvey and plat thereof
to the Comim^ioner of ihi  Ceneial Land Othce at Wash-
ington, who shall immediately, upon icceipt, piocccd to
examine the same; hut it objections are made to said sur-
vey within the f-aid mnory days, by any party claiming to
have. an intei est in the tiaet etubiaced by the survey, or m
any part theieof, &ueh objections shall be reduced to win-
instating distinctly tho intei e>tof Mieobjoctor, and signed
by"iiini or hi* attorney, ami tib-d with the surveyor general,
together with such affidavits or other proofs as he may pro-
duce m supportof the objections. Attheexpirationoi said
ninety da}* the surveyoi jrenetnl shall tiansimt to the Com-
missioner of theGencial Laud Office at Washington, a copy
of the survey and plat, andobjeetions, and prools filed with
him in support of the objections; and also of any prools
produced hv the claimant find filed with bun in Mipport of
the suivey,"together with his opinion theieon ; and the said
Commissioner Miall, immediately upon receipt, proceed to
examine the same; and if the surveyaiul pint are approved
by him he shall indorse thet eon a certificate of his approval.
Ii objections aie made to such euivey and plat by the said
Commissioner he may reqiuie a tui ther report from the sur-
veyor general of California touching the matters objected
to* or proofs to be taken thereon, or may duect a new sur-
vey and plat to be made, Whenever the objections ate
dispo^d of, or the sutvey and pi.it aic corrected, or a new
survey and plat a re made in eontoimity with his directions,
he shall indorse upon the survey and plat adopted his cer-
tificate or approval. After the survej and plat have been,
a* herembctoie provided, approved by the Commissioner
of the General Land Gflke, it shall be the duty of the said
Commissiuiu'i to eau^e a patent to it-sue to the claimant as
soon as practicable after uuch appro\al.
Sec. 2. he it fvrthei enacted, That the provisions of
the preceding section shall apply to all surveys and plats
by the surveyor general of California, heietofore made,
which have not ah< ndy been appioved by one of the di-s-
tuef <*ouits ot the United States tor California, or by the
Commissions of the General Land Office : Provided, That
where p;oeeednig< for the correction or confirmation of a
mii vcy are pending on the of this act in one ol the
said dMnet eoui t«, it shall be lawful for such district court
to proceed and complete its examination and determina-
tion ol the matter, and its decision thereon shall be subject
to appe.il to the ciicmt court of the United States (or the
di^nict m like ni-uinei and with like effect as hereinalter
provided for appeals in other ear-e* to the circuit rout t, and
such appeals may be in lik« manner di->pOM'd of by the said
court. , , .
s«kc. 3. And be it further enacted, That where a plat and
survey have alread> bi.rn appioved or eoi rected by one ot
the district couih of the United States- for California, and
an appeal fiom the decree of approval or coirection has al-
ready been taken to the Hi^reme Court ol'tiie United States,
the said Supitune Couit shall have jmwduition to hear and
determine the appsaji but where from suchjdec/ee of ap-
proval or'tforreetfon nb appeal Iras 'lieefy'tarajft to tneSu-'
preim^Chlm, no appeal" to thateoartshali be allowed^ b&tf
may be withifl.ttyielve m<?nths'&ft££ 4hi#r
act shall take effect to,of
for California^ an<J said .circuit collet sfyatl prpcee'd tt) fully •
determine the matter. !The rsaid clfforft'court' shaft have
powerto, athrin or -reverse or ,lno^fy tlie acUon of the d/8"
tr ict. eoucu or order the case buck to 'thVsury^yo^ ge|ieral,
for a new' survey!' When the case is ordered baekL fut a
new survey, the subsequent survey of the surveyor gen-
eral shall be under,tho sapervtsiejaofabe ComuiissionertOf
the.General Land Office, and.jio(t.of the district or circuit
court of the United- Slates. '' - -  ;
Sso. 4. itfaid be it further en<tct&L, That whenever the dis-v
trict judge .qf,any one of. the district courts of,,the United]
States, for California is interested in any Jand the claim to
which, under the safd act of March ^ 1851, ts pending be-
fore him, on appeal ftaai the board ol commissioners cre-
ated, by said acU the said district court shall ,order the.caso;
to be'transferred to the circuit'court of tlie Unjied States,
for California, which court shall thereupon take jurisdic-
tion and 'finally determine the sained The eai4 district
courts may ^tiso order a- transfer to thesaid circuit court of
any other cases a,iising_under sai(J ^ct'pend'iiigbefore them,
affecting the title to lands within the corporate fJimit?_of
any city or town, and in £uCh-.ease& both the district and
circuit judges may sit, - : '
Sec. 5. JJni be it further enacted, That alt the right and
title of the United State's to the lands within the corporate
limits of the city of Sjin Francisco, ns'deflrfe'd inc the 9.c't
incorporating said city, passed by th& Legislature of said
State on the 15th of April, 18ol, are he?eby.fejinqui§11 ed
and granted to the said city and its>uccp£SQM? fpj;the s
and purposes specified in tho ordinances ©f said rat-
ified by an act of thp Legislature of the said' State, ap-
proved on Uie ilth of March, l^j entitled '-'An eon-s
cerning the city of San Francisco, jjnd to ratify and confirm-
certain ordinances of the common council of said city,"
there being excepted from this relinquishment and grant-
ali sUes or other parcels of land? which have been or now
are occupied by the United States, for notary,. na^al, or-
other public uses, orsuch other sites or parcels as may here-,
after be designated by the President or the United States*"
within one year after the rendition to the General Land
Offibe by the surveyor general of an approved plat of the
exterior limits of San Francisco as recognized in this sec-
tion, in connection with tiic lines of the public surveys:
Jlnd provided, That the relinquishment and grant by this
act shall m no manner interfere with or prejudice any bona
fide claims of others, whethei asserted adversely under
rights deuved from Spain, Mexico, or tfoclawa of the Uni-
ted States, nor preclude a judicial examination and adjust-
ment thereof. .
Sec. 6'. ^nd be it'further acted, That it shall be tiie
duty of the surveyor general of California to cause all the
private land claimi-nmally confirmed to be accuratciyt-ur-
veyedand plats thereof to be made, whenever requested by
the claimants: Provided, That each claimant requesting a
survey and plat shall first depositin thcdistrictcourtof the
district within which the land is situated a sufficient surp
of money to pay the expenses of such survey and piat and
of the publication required by tho first section of,this act.
Whenever tjie survey and plat requested .shall have been
completed and forwarded to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, as required by this act, the rtiMrict'coutt
mav direct the application; of the money deposited, or so
much thereof as may be nccessary, to the payment of tho
expenses of f-aid survey and publication.
Sec. 7. JInd he it ftuther enacted, That it shall be tho
duty of the surveyor general of California, in making sur-
veys of the private land claims finally confirmed, to follow,
tho decree of confirmation as closely as practicable when-
ever tuch decree designates the gpecific boundaries of the
claim; but when such decree designates-only the out-
bouurlaries within which the quanti? confirmed is to be
taken the location of such quantity fchall be made, as near
as practicable, in one tract; and if the chaiacter of the
land, or intervening grants, be such as to render tlvc loca-
tion impracticable in one tiact, then each separate loca-
tion shall be made, as near as practicable, in a compact
fonn. And it fchall be the duty of the Commissioner oi the
General Land Office to require nwubstaatial compliance
with the directions of thi* section before' approving any
feuivey and plat forwarded to lum. •
Sec. 8. Ji nd be it further enacted, That the act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to define and ieg-
ubite the juiisdiction of the district courts of the United
State-, in California, in regard to the surveyand location of
confirmed private laud claims,'   approved June 14, 18o0,
and all provisions of law inconsistent with this act, are
hereby repealed.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment on the 6th pnge, line eighteen of section
one, by striking out after the,word " Washing-
ton" these words, "who shall, immediately upon
receipt, proceed to examine ihesamc;" unci in-
serting in lieu theieof, " for his examination and
approval."
The amendment to the amendment wasogreeu to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the same
section in line thirty-two, after the word " there-
by striking out the words "and the said
mmissioner shall, immediately upon receipt,
proceed to examine the same."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line thirty-four, I move
to strike out "him" and insert "said Commis-
sioner."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In line thirty-five, after the
word "if," I move to strike out "objections are
