THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
hotxl who can give redress without a particle of
expense to the Government, that should be done.
We should provide by law that the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended in communities
where there is really no need that it should be
suspended. Where there are courts which can
investigate these cases summarily and without
expense they should be authorized to do so. I
hope therefore we will not confer this power of
the courts upon the enrollment boards.
Mr. SLOAN. !s the gentleman in favor of
that while Judge McCunn is in office?
Mr. KERN AN. I am in favor of it every-
where, where the courts areopen, where the laws
are enforced,and where there is no insurrection.
I am in favor of the regular judges exercising thpir
powprs; and although there may be sometimes
unworthy judges, like those in Wisconsin, who
would not allow their records to be reviewed, I
would still stand by the law, and seek my rights
under it.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I will modify
my amendment so as to provide that the suspen-
sion shall only be in leference to the act of the
recruiting officer in the particular case in hand,
and not to suspend its operation generally.
Mr. WASRBURNE, of Illinois. 1 move to
amend the amendment by striking out the last
word. I do it for the purpose of asking a ques-
tion. Will the gentleman explain to me what the
effect of his amendment will be upon the existing
law, which makes the oath of the recruit conclu-
sive as to his age?
-Mr. MORRIS, of New York. I understand
that the oath is only conclusive after the recruit
is mustered in. This amendment contemplatesa
remedy after the party has enlisted, Imtbefbiehe
is actually mustered into the service of the United
States. Under it the father may go before the
enrollment board and show that fraud has been
practiced upon his infant son in the matter of his
enlistment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The statute
provides that after its passage no peison shall be
enlisted under the age of eighteen yems.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. lam well aware
of that fact by reason of half a dozen cases of the
most outrageous frauds committed in my district
in enlisting persons under that ago. I have had
occasion to go to the Secretary of War to obtain
relief m cases of infants not over fifteen years of
age who were dragged into the service by fiaud,
the parties signing a paper and swearing to it
when they had no idea that ihey were swennng
that lliey weie of a certain age. The grossest
outrages have been practiced upon boys in older
to satisfy the greed of enlisting oUlcers. The ob-
ject of my amendment is to provide a remedy lor
this thing. I propose that the writ ol'habeas cor-
pus shall not he suspended in these particular
cases, and that is the extent to which i am willing
to go.
Mr. W ASH BURN E, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. ELDIUDGE. I to Ktrikc out the
last word of the amendment. 1 mow the amend-
ment for tin* purpose of making a single temnik.
1 am very glad to see ibis evidence ol returning
reason on the other side of the House, It always
seemed to me that the time would cottle when
they would see the necessity for some tribunal to
determine the question of the right of the Govern-
ment to take in.to its service every person upon
whom they could lay their hands'
I have no doubt that within the knowledge of
every man cases as outrageous and as flagrant as
those mentioned by the gentleman from New York
have occurred. I know an instance in the town
from which I come, where an insane man was j
actually drafted, and when in his frenzy he lesist- I
ed the officer Ins friends were unable to convince \
him that the man was insane. That man, insane :
as he was, was dragged away from the protection 1
of his friends because there was no power and no !
tribunal by which his sanity could be determined. ;
I am gJad that a proposition of' tins kind has '<
eome from the other side of the House, but t am |
opposed to it. I he old writ of habeas corp\is—the '
writ of liberty—is the one upon which we can all ;
rely for just such protection as the gentleman seeks '
by the amendment which he proposes.
Mr. Chairman, I hope thatgentlemen upon the i
other side of the House will move to do away j
with that order of the President suspending the
writ of habtas corpus in such cases, and give a
chance to try the question whether the man upon
whom the Government may lay its hand lias a
right to protection or not. There can be no dan-
ger; it is all nonsense to talk about there being
danger; but if there were danger, the same inter-
ruption of the Government would occur in case
this amendment were adopted as would occur m
trying the question under a writ of habeas corpus.
I am opposed, therefore, to the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman. I trust thatthis matter
will bring gentlemen upon the other side of the
House back to their senses, and that they will,
with us, rely in future upon the old writ of lib-
erty upon which we have heretofore relied.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I cannot see for the
life of me what the good old writ of habeas cor^ms
would do to remedy the evil complained of. Con-
gress has passed an act that the oath of the en-
listed man shall be conclusive.
Mr. KERNAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a suggestion?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. KERNAN. The gentleman is doubtless
aware that some judges have held that while Con-
gress could make the oath conclusive as to the
party taking it they could not make it conclusive
as to his parents or guardian.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When Congress passes
a law that the oath of a person shall be conclusive
of a given fact, without any limitation of terms,
I do not see why it is not conclusive upon the
parents as well as upon the peison enlisted. I
know that some evils do occur from young men
being inveigled into the service by some recruiting
officers anxious to fill up their companies, but the
trouble universally is that the young man swears
that he is eighteen years of age.
Now, I should have no objection to a law re-
quiring every mustering officer to be sure tiiat
every man musteied m is over eighteen years (if
age, or has the written or oral consent of his pa-
rents or guauh.to to enlist; but I do not think it
proper to allow these pi ovost marshals to examine
into the affairj of eveiy reciuitmg officer in then-
districts.
Gentlemen talk a great deal about Ihc suspen-
sion of the habeas corpus. I never saw a loyal
man who was afraid of the suspension of the ha-
beas corpus during this war;  e\er. it is only the
guilty who flee when no man pursueth.
Now, my own impression is that although the
habeas corpus m some instances of military ar-
lests would have been useful, in moie cases it
would have been better for the Goveinment not
only to have suspended the habeas corpus but to
have suspended the corpm without the habeas.
The trouble has been, not that the habeas corpus
has been suspended in a few instances, but that
it has not been suspended in more eases; where
one arrest has been made by the Government
there should have been fifty.
Mr, ELDRl L)G E. I with thaw my amendment
to the amendment.
L he question lectured on the amendment of
Mi. Morris, of new York.
Mi'. J'kAAJ At\. I move to add after the word
" enlistments" the words, "and in all cases of
tin1 enlistment of mmois under eighteen veins of
age/'
Air. MORRIS, of New York. I accept thatas
a modification of my amendment.
Mr. CUt £ ROTH. I move to insert after the
words 44 foi ty-five," m line tenofsectionei^ht,the
iollowmg: % D
Tiiac [lie affidavit of two respectable witness rem-
i.uly sworn hclme «v powon authorized to admimstei'mi
oath will lie conclusive upon the board as to the ase of the
di.itted oi enrolled tij.tn.
In the district in Pennsylvania in which I reside
a giave difficulty occurred under the draft in 1SG2.
A man in Fulton county, over foi ty-five years of
age, Wets drafted. Ho went before the board of
enrollment with evidence of the fact. Thatevi-
d< nee satisfied the commissionei for the time be-
mg,and the men was discharged. He was subse-
quently arrested as a deserter.
Mk MOi*,RiS, of New York. J ri^e to a qnes-
tioii of ordei. I !,m not quite an re what tin- prnpo-
sition is. 1 1
The CII.A IRAJAN, The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [imposes to amend the text.
Mr. MORRIS, of New Yoik. Then the amend-
ment proposed is not germane to the amendment
before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Jt is not proposed as an
amendment to the amendment, but as an amend-
ment to the original text, which takes precedence
of the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. COFFROTH. The person I speak of was
arrested as a deserter. He sued out his writ of
habeas corpvs, and went before the judge of that
county-. He was discharged from custody on the
proof furnished that he was over forty-five yews
of age. Subsequently the lieutenant in charge of
a party for arresting deserters in that county, in
disregard of the action of the court, went to this
man's house to arrest him again for desertion. In
the attempt to do so the officer was shot. The
man surrendered himself for trial, and on a fair
hearing before a jury of his country he was ac-
quitted.
The amendment which I offer is required to
meet such cuses.
[Here the h ammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr, Coffhoth's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Air. Morris js amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. AllIsLER, of New York. I move to amend
the eighth section of the Senate bill by addingafter
the word " therefrom" the words " and all per-
sons whose names have been struck from the rolls
on grounds of exemption not allowed or recog-
nized by this bill;" so as to make it the duty of
boards of enrollment to enroll such persona.
This amendment, Mr. Chairman, proposes to
rcenroll tlwse whose names have been strurk from
the roll on grounds of exemption that are not now
recognized in the bill. Every member understands
that by the bill of lastyear, which we are amend-
ing, exemptions were allowed on grounds that
were considered by the Senate and by the Mili-
tary Committee of this House as insufficient.
This amendment proposes that these men shall
be reenrolled.
1 understand from the report of the Provost
Marshal Genera! that this list of exempts covers
nearly seventy thousand men. If these men were
justly struck from the roils no one would propose
to put them in again; but the Senate has decided
that these were stiuck from the rolls on grounds
that weie insufficient, and that is the opinion also
of the Committee on Military Affairs in the House.
Now if we can, justly and rightly, and with-
out mjui y to any one, add some seventy thousand
persons to the military force of the countiy wo
ought to do so. What injustice would be wotked
to them by doing so? What have they paid for
beim? exempted r Nothing atali, except the mere
trouble and expense of going to the headquarters
of the provost marshal of the district and mak-
ing out their papers. What have they gained?
They have been aheady exempted from one draft.
They have gained just so much as you now pro-
pose to allow a man to gam by paying his commu-
tation money—$400 accoubng to the Senate bill,
and ^300 according to the amendment. Have they
not gained sufficient r Can it woi k any wroitf to
them ' Not to do this would woik wrong to all
the other classes. The hardest cases on which
these men were exempted wete no harder than
those of every man who is called away from home
and family, and who leaves nothing behind him
for their suppott.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
Air. SCI1ENCK. The gentleman who has
offered this amendment has anticipated the pur-
pose of the committee. I suggest to him, how-
ever, to modify the language of it so as to give it
moie precision. The language which we piopose
is that all persons who have been exempted under
the provisions of the second section of the act to
winch this is an amendment, but who aie not
exempted by the provisions of this act, shall he
reenrolled.
Air. MILLER, of New Yoik. 1 consent to that
modification.
M r. SCHENCK. I will then simply add a re-
maris to what has been said upon the necessity of
some amendment of this kind, by calling the at-
tention of the committee to this fact. Among the
persons who have been exempted under the pro-
visions of the existing law have been seventy-
four thousand under what are known as the hu-
manitarian pto visions of the law; that is, persons
