3530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
' Mr. PARNSWORTH. I move to make it five
barrels instead of two.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move to make it a hundred
barrels.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to make it a thou-
sand barrels.
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. X rise to a
question of order. 1 submit that this is the same
proposition which the committee has just voted
down.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand. It is another and different proposi-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Entirely so.
Mr. GANSON. The tax is a different per
cent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now offer my
amendment to the amendment reducing the tax
from 10 per cent.on bank issues to 3 per cent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggestto
the gentleman to offer his amendment to the joint
resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I prefer to offer it
here.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I hope
the committee will vote it down.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope not.
Mr. WASHDURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that the amendment is not gciniane
to my proposition.
Mr. MORRILL. It is as germane as the
amendment is to the joint resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.*
The question was taken on M*. Davis's amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The committee rose informally; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, a message from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Hay, his
Private Secretary, announced that he had ap-
proved and signed bills of the following titles:
An aet(H. R. No. 207) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain Jollifications and other woiks of defense
for the year ending June 30, 18C5, and for other
purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 438) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a
railioad and telegraph line from the Missomi
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary,and other purposes,"approved July 1,1869;
and
An act (H. II. No. 527) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending June 30, 18G5, and for other
purposes.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX—-At! A IN.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session, (Mr. Kenton in
the chair.)
The question recurred on Mr. Wast/burse's
amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes f>i), noes
41).
Mr. GANSOiNT. I propose to amend the joint
resolution by adding tlie following:
J) ml In• it fmlhet resolved, TIkiI the dueet U\ piovuled
by the aet o) JfGlon ieal c-t.Ue In;,and ihe i-. heii'hy,
revived, and the • :tine ^imll he :e-5t'-sed and enllerted an
provided by s'tiil aet.
I offer it for tho icnson (hat 
Mj-. MORRILL. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GANSON. The amendment speaks for
itself.
The question wan taken; and the amendment
was iejected ; there being, on a division —ayes -H,
noes f>7.
Mr. PIIUYN. I move to amend by making
the limitation $i,G()0 instead of $G00, so thai the
tax shall apply only to incomes over $1,000. This
bill as it sumds would bear tooheavjly on men of
small incomes.
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that we have passed from the oiigmal joint reso-
lution.
The CHAIRMAN. Tiie Chair overrules the
point of oidei.
The question was falcon; and it was decided in
the negative; there being, on a division—ayes 40,
noes 53.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move to amend by adding, " and
at the rate of ten per cent, on all incomes over
$20,000." ' •
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 45, noes 50.
Mr. GANSON. I move to amend by adding
the following:
Jiiul be it further resolved, That the direct tax provided
by the act of 1802 on real e&tate be, and the same is hereby,
reviver!, ami the same shall he assessed and collected as
provided by the said net: Provided, The said tax shall not be
collected in Missomi, Kentucky, Ma yland,and Virginia,
for three years from tiie passage of this act.
Mr. ROSS. I propose to include Illinois.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I would like to ask consent to op-
pose that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was iejected.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the enacting
clause of this resolution with a view of killing the
whole measuie.
On the motion of Mr. Cox 45 voted in the af-
firmative and 49 in the negative.
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Telleis were oidered; and Messrs. Cox and
Moriuli* weie appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 49, noes 5G.
 So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move the following
as an additional section:
Be it further resolved. That there he paid at the elose of
the pie-eat seiMonol Umigte*:! to the olficcia, eteiks, and
other employe* ol the twoIIoUs.es ot Confess and such
other persons hi and about the Capitol as h.tvc usually been
embraced in exit a compensation resolutions a sum equal to
uveiny per cent, upon the amount of their annual compen-
sation, and hi ea*c of Mich u  do not receive an annual com-
pensation a like percent, upon the amount of compensa-
tion received by them lcspeclively dining the present
session ; and a sum <-ullietont for that purpose is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not othei-
wibo appiopuated.
Mr. MORRILL. I rise to aquestion of order.
That amendment is not germane to a bill to raise
revenue.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I think it is an amend-
ment to raise revenue by appropriating an amount
to enable these persons to pay their taxes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is in doubt as
to whether the amendment is in order, but will
submit the question to the committee whether it
shall bo received as in order or not.
i The committee divided; and there were—ayes
47, noes 57.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, submitted the fol-
lowing ns an nddiitonal section:
be it fiuthv lesolced, That in addition to the evKt-
hi<* tax on bank notes titeie blmll be levied and collected
horn evciy hank, company, or association, having nutes m
rheul.u toil as rutrenoy, (othci than national banks organ-
ized unilet (lie laws ofCongie?,<,) three percent, on the av-
ei.i^e amount o| ihe note^of Mich bank, company, or as-
sociation m em-illation for ea< h and every jeai aftei the
1st ol Jaiuiiuy, istij.
Mi.KERNAN. Imovo to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the wo ids lt other than na-
tional banks."
MESSAGE i'ROM Til 10 J'IUJSJDI'jNT.
The committee informally rose; and a message
fmni the Piesident of (he United States was re-
! reived, by Mr Hay, his Pnvate Secictaiy, in-
j foi ming the l-Jouse that, he had approved find
! signed bills and jointresoliuions of the following
' titles:
An act (II. R. No. 460) for the relief of Sarah
Robinson, widow of Hon. John S. Robinson,
late United States marshal for the district of In-
diana ;
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 117) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to settle and pay the
claim of Anthony Sweeting, late pilot of the Uni-
ted States steamer Juniata;
An act (H. R. No. 483) granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from Lake Superior to Puget sound, on the Pacific
coast, by the northern route;
An act (H R. No. 561) to authorize the Uni-
ted States to acquire land in Wallabout bay, be-
longing to the cityof Brooklyn, and to authoiize
the\ xrhango of othei lands therefor;
An act (h. No. Ill) to provide for the more
speedy punishment of guerrilla-marauders, and
for oilier purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 564) for the relief of Eliza
Cass Woodbridge.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX AGAIN.
The committee resumed the consideration of
the special income tax bill.
The question recurred on Mr. Kernan's amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kernan and
Hooper were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 54.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on tne amendment of
Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Fenton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Umongenerally
under consideration, and particularly the special
income tax bill, and had directed him to report
the same back to the House with sundry amend-
merits.
Mr. MORRILL. I move asubstitute for what
lias just been reported. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the House for a moment to the condition
of the bill presented to the House, and I urge
those who intend to have any bill pass which
will be efficient for the support of the Govern-
ment ami to add something to the amount of rev-
enue, to vote for the substitute, pure and simple,
without the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I tun sure, and
1 have no doubt that every man in this House
understands well, that the tax upon liquors on
hand stands no chance in the Senate.
In relation to another thing inserted, making a
discrimination in the tax upon incomes, we have
already done that in the bill which has been
passed. I call the attention of every fair-minded
man to the proposition introduced by the gentle-
man from Illinois. Gentlemen who have the mis-
foitune to have incomes over $10,000or $20,000 a
year are to be fined, absolutely punished for hav-
ing; that amount of money. The Government
should make its laws equal; and 1 think that five
per cent, upon all incomes above $600 is not too
much. I have discharged my duty, and I rail
for the pievious question. If the substitute is not
adopted, 1 have no more interest in the matter;
but 1 hope that it will be adopted.
IMMIGRATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 submit a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
ot the two Houses on the bill to encourage immi-
gration. We strike out the third section of the
House bill which provides that the Secretary of
the Tieasury, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, may reduce the tonnage duty upon vessels
which bring in immigrants. We also strike out
the provision in reference to baggage and peisonal
effects and agree to the provision of the House
bill. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
considei the vote by which the report wasadopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsidei'-be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SPECIAL INCOME TAX AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration of the
special income tax bill.
Mr.DAViS,ofMaryland. I ask the gentleman
from Vermont to withdraw the demand for the
previous question so that I may have a vote on
my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. If I yield to the gentleman
I must to others. I insist on my demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The question recurred on Mr. Ross's amend-
ment.
