J578
THE GOJSPGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
Jftid Wii.eve there were some statesmen among
thefltepubHeans of this House who, accustomed
to iadijlge in greater freedom and latitude of de-
bate than even the gentleman from Ohio, would
have before now risen and vindicated the privi-
lege.wlHch they have enjoyed. Are gentlemen
willing by their action on this resolution,to pass
sentence of condemnation and censure upon their
own-conduct in this House? Will you, for the
purpose of gratifying mere party malice or hatred,
abridge the privileges and bring dishonor upon
the American Congress?
Sir, if you desire to prevent mischief and the
giving of aid and comfort to the enemies of the
country, if you would not injure the cause of the
Government, let noactof ours show to the rebels,
the country, or the world, that in the House of
Representatives there is a smothered sympathy
with rebellion, which can only bo kept down by
the restrictions put upon debate, and the fear of
punishment andexpulsion. Whatis therein ilie
fentleman's speech that can comfort the rebels?
le declares that he speaks forhinisolf, and more
than admits that he stands alone, differing with
the party with which he had been identified. He
declares his love and attachment for the Union,
his willingness to lay down his life to preserve it.
If he does doubt its restoration, he doubts as much
the recognition of the confederates, and holds out
to them with no less doubts the alternative of
subjugation and extermination. I have said I do
notagieewith thegentleman. I cannot say, how-
ever, that he has no reason to doubt the restora-
tion of the Union. Many of the best men in the
country have believed that war would result in
disunion. Hon. Robert J. Walker, who is now
in the employment of this Administration, once
said:
" Will civil war pre^rvo or restore the Union?" *
* * * " Can a vanquished State, even if she can
be vanquished, over again become a member of the Fed-
eral Union? No, my countijuit'ii; let us learn, eie it he
too late, that tins never can be a Union of victoi and van-
quished, of sovereign and subject State, bur mmtbe a
Union of equals, which is the Union of the Constitution.
It must be a cordial ami fraternal Union, (minded on inter-
est and cemented by affection. This, was the Union
founded by Wiislnn<:ton and Pianklm and the pah iot> and
PtatcMnen of the Revolution; and that is the only Union
that can bo pieseived and peipefurited. You might per-
haps, byMipi'iior lotee, drench m blood the fields ot a sis-
ter Htate; >ou might poihaps. wrap lun villages in flnmcv ;
but you could never alt«'i ward-. ie-*tore such a Stare to the
Union established b> the Constitution. No, fellow-cit-
izens, when the star of the Htate i.s extinguished m blood,
it can never beam again in the banner ot the Union, /'or it
will no longer be an equal, a fcoveieign, or a sister State."
Look at the references which the gentleman
makes to your own partisan orators to the same
purport, and is it strange that he doubts (he res-
toration of the Union? And in view of the fact
that leading Republicans on this floor have de-
clared themselves opposed to the lestoiation of
"the Union as it was," is it ainie deceiving ex-
pulsion that lie feara you may prevent it?
Mr. Speaker, I greatly fear, although I enter-
tain sentiments of personal icspect for the gen-
tleman who introduced this resolution, that
there is something beyond mere sense of duty
that prompted this movement in this House. I
give him full cr^Jit for his explanation. But
there are some grounds for suspecting- that these
proceedingswere to be taken; that they are not
nnpiomptu; that .they were not alone from the
cogitations of one night.
lion. Julm W. Forney said not Ion
through the Philadelphia Prers:
" Silence eveiytongue that does not speak with icspcct
of the cause and the flag. Do awav with luxuucs, with
polith s, with comfoits. Let ns cea^e for the pie«cut to
speak of laws and restriction*, and what are called safc-
guauK"
And the Boston Commonwealth, previous to
tins session of Congress, said:
"Ohio, with it* ninety thousand Republican majoiity,
will be repie^'iitrd by five Republicans and a dozen or
more copp1'!lio.uls. It is fitting that this nu-aeprc^entation
of popular penlimrnt in the jireal State of the VV<\ tshould
be offset, if liecr.^ary, by a io\ ai delegation from Delaware
and Maryland, v>ou c> cn at the esp?it\c of militmy mtcrjcr-
c7icc. U law* aie silent, amid the clank of arms we mn.-t
take care tha* the j^ifie^atL' public opinion of the conntty
yitluiwi 1 ccognriiou somehow or other."
Major General Halleck. in April, 1863, wrote
to the Union sqn.it e meting in New York that—
"The Army will or^ low? enish rcbeihon m the South,
and then place their heeh upon the heads or sneaking traitois
in the North''''
There is a deep significance in this pioceeding
ago,
when viewed in the light of these preceding threats,
in the desire to equalize the representation of the
State of Ohio, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from
the second district of Ohio is not without a prece-
dentfor his speech on the other sideof the House.
Hon. Mr. Conway, a member of the last Congress
from Kansas,on the 13th day of December, 1862,
wrote a letter in which he declared:
" For one, I shall not vote another dollaror a man for the
war until it assumes an anti-slavery basis."
Following up that declaration, this same gen-
tleman, in January, 1863, when the country was
in pretty much the same situation thatit was when
thegentleman from Ohio made the speech upon
which this resolution is predicated, rose in his
seat and made a speech which, I have no doubt,
had its influence upon the gentleman from Ohio
in producing his. There is a remaikable simi-
larity in the two. Mr. Conway says:
" The war which has come in between the North and the
South fur the past two yeat.i iia  made a revolution. This
is the fact, and the tact in such a mattei is the important
thing. It settle® fhc law. No technicaliiy in such a mat-
ter can stand.' The wai has utteily dissolved the connec-
tion between the North and the South, and rundcied them
separate and independent poivets in the wodd."
This abolition gentleman says further:
" The Democrats will not, of couise, listen to separation
for an mutant. Such a suggestion, in their eyes, i& tieason;
a proposition to dissolve the'(Jnion, for which any one ought
to be hanged."
And this same gentleman introduced a resolu-
tion—
" That the Executive be, and he is* heieby, requested to
ispue a general ordei to all commanders of forces in the
several military departments of the United States to dis-
continue otietibive operations n^amst the enemy and to act
in the futuie entirely on the deicnsive* And that the Ex-
ecutive enter into negotiations with the authorities of the
confedeiate Stateswitb reference to a eolation of hostili-
ties, based on the following piopositions: 1. Recognition
of the independence ol the eonledciate {static.*'
Mr. Speaker, here wo have the pioposiiion for
recognition of ihc confedeiate {States distinctly
made by a Republican member of Congress who,
before the session, had declared Ins purpose not
to " vote another man oi another dollai fui the
war." Oui present wot thy Speakerand the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasiijburne] are both
in the House, and neither of them presents resolu-
tions of censure or expulsion. lie is not even
called to order. If patriotism and duty requited
the rebuke and censure of the gentleman from
Ohio, did it not equally demand the rebuke and
censure of the gentleman from Kansas? Will
gentlemen who then passed by the speech of a
Republican without condemning it vote now to
expel or censuie the gentleman fiomOhio for en-
tertaining and expressing like opinions? Where
is their consistency ? Uut, sir, the venerable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
whose will is the law of this House, whose au-
thority goes unquestioned by his own paity,and
whose wit and saieasm ahvays save him when
beaten in argument, has on this floor utteied sen-
timents ten times more abhorrent and Reasonable,
if words can be Reasonable, than even the gentle-
man from Kansas. When thy bill for dismem-
bering Virginia was pending in the House he de-
clared:
" I will not stultify my?olf by supposing that have
any wanant in tins Constitution ioi liii^ pioeeednu?. Thi*<
talk of lestoi ing ihe Union a- it was and tnnlei tin: Confu-
tation as it is, i- one of tin, ub^mditie*, whieh I have heard
lepr-ated until I have heroine sick ot'it. There arc many
tiling which make such an event impossible. This Union
ncrcr shall, mith my conscvt, he restoied under the Constitu-
tion res it is.
Mr. Speaker, it would seem as though there
must be Reason m the heart to prompt such an
utterance. If words can be treasonable, are not
those words treasonable? The war then raging,
the whole strength and force of the country en-
gaged in a death-grapple against an enemy seek-
ing to destroy the Constitution and the Union,
and this venetablc leader of the Republican party
declaring, "77*is Union shall never be restored with
my consent/" The gentleman from Ohio states only
what he believes to be a fact, and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania tells you what arc his own
purposes, and that they arc against our cause,
against his country, against the Union J know it
issatd that thegentleman from Ohio is a Democrat,
and that Democrats sympathize with rebels. 1
have scarcely patience to deal fairly and dispas-
sionately with such a charge, but I tell gentle-
men upon the other side, you do not yourselves
believe the charge is true. You make it against
the party for mere wicked partisan purposes.
You could not prosecute this war with *ut the aid
of the Democracy. If they were in sympathy
with rebels or the rebellion you could not carry
on the war for twenty days. What! nearly one
half of the people of the North against you and
all the South, and you prosecute this war? On
your consciences, on your honor as men, you da
not believe it. The charge is too low for a states-
man; it is scarcely fit for a politician. Its only
effect is to stir up and engender party hatred and
paity strife, and alienate and make enemies of
those who ought to be friends.
Sir, from the declarations of the leader in this
House, and from those of your other prominent
men, and from the policy you ace pursuing, the
gentleman from Ohio has come to the conclusion
that his two alternatives of recognition or exterm-
ination are all that is left to u^ He doubts the
restoration of the Union, and for one I can neither
vote to expel or censure him for these doubts or
for the expression of his opinion. The President
in the beginning, and in his first two messages,
pledged the country that the war should be car-
ried on for the restoration of the Union under the
Constitution, to be administered as intended by
those who made it. The honorable gentleman
from Indiana, on the 14th day of January, 1862, in
a speech delivered in this House, and which isre-
ported in the Congressional Globe, says:
" Ca^es may arise in which patriotism itself may demand
that we trample on the most vital principles o( the Consti-
tution, and tin* has been done aheady by the pt esent Admin-
isttation under the exigencies of the wai."
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin state what gentleman from Indiana said
that?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 supposed it was against
the rules of the House to speak of gentlemen by
name, but I do not know the number of his dis-
trict. It was Mr. Julian.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
yf.nsJ says, "The Union shall never be restored
with my consent." The rebels in the South say
the same thing, and are in arms fighting to prevent
it. Who is most treasonable, the man who agrees
with the rebels, or the man who fears or believes
the rebels may prevent the Union from being re-
stored? Is not this the issue?
What quarrel had we with the people of the
so-called seceded States, except that they were
wickedly striving to break up the Union and de-
stroy the Constitution ? 1 repeat it, sir, and I pro-
claim it here and no w to the country; it is true, and
history will so record it, the war was consented
to and engaged in and supported by the true
men of the North to maintain, preserve, and de-
fend the Constitution and the Union of the States
with the dignity and equality of each unimpaired,
just as our fathers formed and established them,
it was for that purpose, and that purpose only,
that the noble-hearted, patriotic soldier gave up
the comforts and endearments of home, of family
and fnends, and rushed into the Army. It was
for that purpose, and only for that purpose, that
a generous people poured in uncounted millions
their treasure into the hands of the President. It
is that purpose, and that only, that can justify,
or in any manner authorize, the sacrifice of an-
other life, or another dollar of money, in the pros-
ecution of the war.
Sir, we are in the midst of revolution. The
party of the Administration, however individuals
may differ among themselves as to the manner
of accomplishing their present designs, is essen-
tially a revolutionary party, not alone in its the-
ories but in its practices. The very strength it
acquired by its promises of truth and fidelity to
the Onion and the Constitution is now being used
to ovctthrow and destroy both. The very prin-
ciples it avowed as essential to the endurance of
the Republic it now denies. It is idle to think of
preserving the Union without the Constitution.
The subversion of the one is the destiuction of
the other. They must stand or fall together; and *
the man or party who is false to the one is false
to theother. This is equally true of every clause
and provision of the Constitution. He who would
support the Constitution must stand by all of its
provisions. He cannot hold to one and reject the
other.
But, sir, the party in power has disregarded it
in all its essential particulars. What one princi-
ple of civil liberty intended to be secured by the
