2554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
made to such survey and plat by the said Com-
missioner," and to insert in lieu thereof "disap-
proved by him, or if in his opinion the ends of
justice would be subserved thereby."
The amendmentto the, amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In tine thirty-ei ht, I move
to strike out the words " objected to" and'insert,
" indicated by him."
The amendment to theamendment was agreed to,
Mr.'HARLAN. "In the eighth section on the
11th page in the ninth line, after the word " tcact"
Itnove to insert " and in a compact form."
The amendment to the amendmcntwas agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. In the fifth section, line nine,
I- move to strike out the word " finally" before
"determine."
Theamendmentto the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to strike out the fourth
section of the amendment as reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that it has already been struck out.
Mr. CONNESS. It was struck out when the
bill was up before.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amended.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. This is a very important
bill, and my attention has only been called to it
since it has now been called up, though I believe
it has been some time before us. I observe in the
bill some peculiar features. I hardly feel at lib-
erty to oppose the bill with the limited informa-
tion I have in regard to it, and yet I desire to call
the attention of the members of the Senate to some
singular provisions here. In the third section
there is a singular provision, opening all cases that
have been decided, no matter how long ago, to an
appeal. That is a very strange feature.
Mr.CONNESS. Read the words, if you please.
Mr. TRUMBULL:
That where a plat and survey have already Iicon ap-
proved or corrected by one of the district courts of the
United States for California, and an appeal from the de-
cree of approval or correction Has already been taken to the
Supreme Couit, the said Supieine Court shall have juris-
diction to hear and determine the appeal.
So fur very well.
But where from such decree of approval or correction no
appeal lias been taken to the Supreme Couit, no appeal to
tliar, court shall be allowed, but an appeal may be taken
within twelve months alter this act -aiisill take effect to the
circuit court of the United Suite-; for California, and said
circuit court shall proceed to fully determine the matter.
Here there may be a case that was disposed of
five years ago; the titles to the purchasers all set-
tled; no appeal taken; and now every such case
is opened to an appeal to the circuit court of Cal-
ifornia, although no appeal has heretofore been
taken.
Mr. CONNESS. No. That is not the under-
standing. 41
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the way it reads.
I will read it again:
Where from such decree of approval or correction—
That is, the decree of the district court—
llo appeal has been taken to the Supreme Court, no ap-
peal to that eouit shall be allowed—
The Supreme Court shall never hear it—
but an appeal may be taken within twelve months after tills
act shall take effect to the circuit court of the rim ted States.
When may an appeal be taken > Within twelve
months after the passage of this act in oil cases in
which appeals have not been taken. That is the
language. If it does not mean that, I do not
know what it does mean.
Mr. CONNESS. This refers not to cases that
have been definitely settled, bat to cases that are
now pending in court. It does not refer to ques-
tions of title to land; it refers to the location of land
or the determination of land by survey, after the
question of title has been determined and settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me. The language of the first
line is "where a plat and survey have already
been approved."
Mr. CONNESS.
district courts."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatis where it has been
done, not where it is pending.
Mr. CONNESS. lfafew words were inserted,
the meaning would be made plain to the Senator.
It is that where a plat and survey haye already
been approved or corrected by one of the district
courts for California, and an appeal from the de-
' Or corrected by one of the
cree of approval or correction has already been
taken, those casesshall continue and go to the Su-
preme Court; but where those cases are pending
and an appealto the Supreme Court has not been
taken', an appeal may be taken from the district
court to the circuit court; but it reopens nothing;
it does notproposetoreopenanycase. Thevery
contrary is the object and purpose of the entire
act. ft is to expedite and settle, not to open any-
thing that has been settled. It is simply .a pro-
vision for disposing of the cases df survey that
are now pending in the courts of the United States,
and that is all.
This bill, I may as well say, has been before
the Senate a long time. It was referred early in
the session to'the Committee on Public Lands; it
was reported by them favorably; it was after-
wards recommitted to that committee and again
reported favorably by them. The chairman of
the committee is in his place. He has given it
very close consideration, and it is a bill upon which,
in my opinion, the interests of the State that I in
part represent here are very deeply involved and
depend.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I may be in error about
it, but I think the section is not susceptible of
the construction which the Senator from Califor-
nia gives it. The language is, " where from such
a decreee of approval or correction no appeal has
been taken"—that refers to cases already decided,
not to cases pending. It is in the past tense. *
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator to
insert the language "in cases pending."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will observe
that you cannot appeal from a pending case until
it is decided. It would be necessary, I think, to
alter the language somewhat, and provide that in
all cases hereafter an appeal shall be allowed, but
you cannot appeal from a pending case.
Mr. CONNESS. Let me explain again. The
Senator seems to misunderstand the whole tenor
of this section. The mode of operation is this:
the surveyor general of the State, m the first
place, surveys the land in question. If there be
objections to the plat returned by him to the dis-
tiiet court, the district court hears testimony in
the case, and inquires into it. If the district court
confirms the plat and survey made by the sur-
veyor general, either party may appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States from that de-
cision. This section refers to those cases in that
condition wheic the district court has beeen ap-
pealed to by one party, and where the plat has
been approved by the district court. Inthatcase,
where no appeal has been taken to the Supreme
Court, this bill provides that the appeal shall be
taken and lie in the circuit court for California,
simply to expedite and settle, and not to compel
poisons to come here to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish that this matter
may be understood. Under the original act to
settle land titles in California, the act of 1851,
after the causes had been adjudicated by the board
of commissioners, there was an appeal of course
to the district court, and also an appeal providetl
for to the Supreme Court upon the merits of the
claim; but after the right, of the claimanthad been
adjudicated, it was the business of the surveyor
general himself to make the. survey, and upon the
completion of the survey his return was made to
the General Land Office and the patent issued as
of course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California inform me whether heretofore an ap-
peal has lain from the district to the circuit court
there?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a new feature.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is a new feature,
and I will state the reason for that. In 18G0 a
law was passed which provided that after the final
confirmation of the claim so far as the sufficiency
of the title was concerned, and after the survey,
the survey might be carried into the district court
and there the proper location of the survey con-
tested. The result was that every case was car-
ried into the district court, testimony taken there
under its rules, and an appeal to the Supreme
Court, and now there remain in the district court
and on the way to the Supreme Court nearly all
the cases that have been determined upon the
merits since 1860. They are probably 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must interrupt the Senator to call up the order of
the day.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the indulgence of the
chairman of the Finance Committee for a while.
I think we shall get to a vote directly.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. *1 know that the Senator's
bill is to be contested; and if I should yield it
would be necessarily for some considerable time.
Mr. CONNESS. If it occupies much time I
will say to the Senator that I will not ask him to
give way. • 1
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is aware that
if I give way to him I must to others.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not often make an ap-
peal to the Senate. This hill has lain on the table
for two months, and we are getting to the end of
the session. I hope the Senator from Maine will
indulge me this morning by letting us consider it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that the Senator
from Maryland will contest this bill, as I under-
stand from him, and I have already given notice
to the Senator that I shall contest it myself, and
the result will be necessarily the consumption of
considerable time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator from
Maine will allow me to conclude my remarks by
way of explanation. It will take me but a few
minutes.
Mt. FESSENDEN. Having resisted one ap-
peal, I must insist. 1 must ask for a motion and
let the Senate decide.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not put a motion to
the Senate. What position will this bill occupy
if we pass it by ?
ThePRESIDENTjirofempore. It will be liable
to be called up on motion;it will not come up as
a matter of course.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, sir, I will let itgo over.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The Senate, as in Committee ofthe Whole, re-
sinned the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have in my hand an
amendment which has been prepared at the Treas-
ury Department in reference to bullion, which is
to come in on page 146 of the bill, at the end of sec-
tion ninety-three:
On bullion in lump, ingot, bar, or otherwise, a duty of
one per cent., which shall be paid by the nssayor ot the
same and he deducted from the amount of coin letnmed in
exchange for such bullion not previously assayed, 1>> any
mint or branch mint ofthe United Stales ; and all assayua
shall stamp tho product of the assay, as the Commissioner
of internal Revenue, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasuiy, may prescribe by general regulations. And
every and ail sales, except by theminer or producer of gold
and silver combined, alloyed, or In union with other metals
or substances prior to the same being assayed and duly
stamped accoidimj to the piov^ions of this* act and the
regulations aforesaid, fcliall b<; and are hereby made and de-
clared to be invalid and void; and evoiy person or corpo-
ration who shall sell, or tranter, or deal in such unstamped
gold or silver, or export or attempt to export the pamo from
tho United States, bhnil he subject to a penalty of $1,000,
and to a fine not exceeding that sum and to imprisonment
for a t^rm not exceeding two years: Provided, however,
That this prohibition shall not extend to minora or original
producers of such gold or stiver.
Mr. CONNESS, I do not understand the
chairman of the Committee on Finance as moving
this amendment as a substitute for tiie language
occurring on the 140th page of the bill, beginning
at line three hundred and forty-eight and ending
with line three hundred and fifty. I understand
him to offer this as an additional proposition, leav-
ing that objectionable feature in the bill.
Mr, FESSENDEN. My idea is that if this 13
adopted that provision must be struck out.
Mr. CONNESS. Then 1 suggest that what-
ever is offered should be offered as a substitute
for that language in the bill, and that we proceed
in that way.
Mr.FESSENDEN. We cannotvery well put
it in that place.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I ask the Senator to
move first to strike out this language.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the proper way
is to see whether the Senate will adopt this amend-
ment before they strike out that clause, because
if this is not adopted I would not consent to strike
out that.
Mr, CONNESS. I suppose the other cannot
remain at any rate.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Thatis for the Senate to
dccide.
