1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
Mr. CONNESS. If the other shall remain, I
rather think the amount of revenue collected in
the mines will be very stnall.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say to the Senator that
if this amendment is adopted I shall myself move
to strike out the other clause to which he refers.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that, but I do
not understand why that mode should be pur-
sued.
Mr. FESSENDEN.. Because that is the usual
mode.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendment offered by
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance is very objectionable in one respect, not to
say more, in this, that it prohibits and punishes
all transactions in gold in its natural state, un-
assayed and unstamped, within the United States,
exccpt when those transactions and sales are
made by the producers thereof. There is a large
portion of the United States wheregold and silver
are produced, where there is no coin, where there
is no paper issued, where there is no means of
commerce but the actual gold as it is produced,
and that is used as a medium of exchange, and is
weighed by small scales kept by miners for that
purpose. The parties with whom they trade
take it in exchange for goods at a given amount
per ounce. The parties who get it in exchange
for g-oods sell it to those from whom they buy.
It is impracticable and impossible for those par-
ties to send it to an assay office to have itassayed
and receive the stamp of the United States, so
that {his provision is equivalent to a prohibition
of all commerce in certain sections of the country,
and it is simply impracticable and impossible.
Having read the amendment, and understanding
something about its impracticability, I have re-
written the provision, and I have had it printed,
and it has been lying on Senators' desks for sev-
eral days. I send it up to the desk to be read as
a substitute for the amendment proposed by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
There are other objections to the amendment
proposed by thim. It contains no provision com-
pelling workers in the precious metals to use
stamped bullion, and the result would be that
all that portion of the precious metals which
goes into articles of ornament and use, which is
very great, in the mining sections particularly,
would go untaxed. Now, if we arc to lay a (ax
upon the production of gold, I propose that we
do not go through the farce of simply imposing
a few conditions that will give us all the icspons-
lbility against the public opinion of the section
of country to which it will apply, and give us no
result, or but a partial one, in the way of rev-
enue. I have inserted in my amendment a pro-
vision relating to and covering the exportation of
ore containing the precious metals, and I have a
proviso fixing the time when this general pro-
vision regulating the tax on mines shall go into
operation, which is also necessary, because if
you prohibit transactions in bullion unless it be
stamped, and require at the same time thata par-
ticular stamp shall be impressed upon it, you
want a sufficient length of time allowed to en-
able the Treasury Department to adopt its regula-
tions and furnish to the assay offices the stamp
provided before it goes into operation, otherwise
you would be exposing all these persons to
criminal prosecution and severe penalties. I send
my amendment to the Chair, and ask that it be
read, and I offer it in lieu of the amendment of
the chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Senator from California pio-
poses to amend the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine, by striking out all after the
word "on," and inserting what will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
On bullion in lump, ingot, bar, or otherwise, a duty of
— per cent, ad valorem, to be paid by the assayer of the
same, who shall stamp the product of the assay a& tho Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, under the dnection oi the
Secretary of the Treasury, may prescribe by general regu-
lations. And every and all sales, Uansfera, exchanges,
transportation, and exportation of gold or silver assayed at
auv mint of the United States, or by any piivate as^ayei,
unless stamped as preseiibed by geneial regulations, as
aforesaid, is hereby declared unlawful; and every person
<u corporation who shall sell, ti^nsfer, transport, exchange,
export, or deal m the same .shall be subject to a penalty of
,•$1,000 for each offense, and to a fine not exceeding that
sum, and to hnpri&onmcnt forateuri not exceeding two
year* nor less than six momlu. No jeweler, woikei, or
artificer in gold and silver, shall use either of those metals
except it shall have first been stamped as aforesaid, as re-
quired by this act; and every violation of this section-shall
subject the offender to the penalties contained herein. No-
person or corporation shall take, transport, cause to be
transported, export, or cause to be exported fromthe Uni-
ted States any gold or silver in its natural state, uncoined
or unassayed, and unstamped, as aforesaid j and for every
violation of this provision every offender shall be subject,
to the penalties contained herein: Provided, That the fore-
going subdivision of this section providing for'atax on gold
and silver shall only be in force from and after sixty days
after the passage of this act.
Mr. NESMITH. The amendment offered by
the Senator from California removes a very great
objection in my mind to the one offered by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. That
practically prohibits any dealing in, any transfer
of, gold in Us natural state. If that amendment
should be adopted, it would bear exceedingly
hard 6n a very large portion of my constituents,
as well as on the people of Washington Territory
and the Territory of Idaho, and as I apprehend
on the people of the interior portions of Califor-
nia. That amendment admits'of only one trans-
fer of gold in its natural state. It provides that
the miners who produce gold may sell or dispose
of it in that condition, but it absolutely prohibits
and renders null and void, and renders the par-
ties subject to fine, who shall make any sale or
disposition of it afterwards before it has passed
an assay office. The interior of the country, the
great gold-producing districts in the eastern por--
tion of Oiegon and the mountainous region of
California and in Idaho and Washington Terri-
tories are entirely destitute of assay offices. The
consequence would be that gold in its natural
state would be prohibited from being made the
circulating medium. The miner might take his
gold and sell it, and that would be the only pos-
sible transfer that could be made. The custom
or usage there has been since the discovery of the
mines, that gold dust at a certain fixed price has
been the ciiculating medium of the miners, pass-
ing from one to another; and every miner and
every trader carries the scales about with him,
prepared to weigh and use the dust as a circula-
ting medium in that condition.
If the provision which is incorporated in the
amendment offered by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance shall be adopted that trade will
be entirely cut off, and any man who attempts to
use gold dust ni that way m its unrefined, unas-
sayed state becomes subject to a penalty. I will
illustrate. The small traders in the interior of
the country are generally the men who purchase
the dust from the hands of the miners for sup-
plies and sometimes for coin. That transaction
is rendered legitimate and legal by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, but it is impos-
sible for the man who purchases that dust to
make another transfer of it until he takes it to
an assay office, and in the great interior districts
to which I have referred there are no assay offices.
You have to get into the civilized and older-set-
tled sections of the country before you can reach
an assay office where your gold can be reduced
to that condition in which you can legally make
a transfer of it. The large wholesale establish-
ments in San Francisco or any of the great towns
on the Pacific coast sell their goods to dealers in
the mining regions and exchange them for gold
dust in the hands of the miners. The wholesale
merchant goes there to make his collections, and
he expects to make his collections in gold dust,
the natural product of the country and the only
thing which they have to pay for the goods. By
the amendment of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, one transfer having been made from
the miner to the trader, that trader would be pro-
hibited from paying his debts in the only material
which he has on hand, or which he can possibly
acquire, gold dust-bemg the only circulating me-
dium. He is prohibited, as I say, by this pro-
vision from making another transfer to pay a le-
gitimate debt for the goods which lie originally
purchased and which lie has sold to get possession
of the gold. I think that provision ought to be
stricken out. If it be enacted into a law it will
paralyze all trade in the interior. A man having
$1,000 in gold dust in the interior of Idaho, or
Washington, or Oregon,located a thousand or fif-
teen hundred miles from an assay office, cannot
be expected to send or carry that dust to an assay
office to have it stamped and its exact value as-
certained and pay this tax to the Govcrnmcntbc-
fote he is pterfeitted to u&e it." ^ib^gold' rnust^
eventually find iti wirp- there, anfl tfre amendment
which the Senator fr'ora/Califbrma has offereil1
prohibits its exportation:from the country 46 its
crude condition. ■ Therefore' when it'is t&lceri out
of the country it mustinevitably be^ssayed'; If
this transaction be'permitted to be <5o"fitlniiedj the1
Government'will lose'nothing-,'it will noVrfrr&f-'
fere with the daily'transactions in the mining-fe-
gions in transferring gold from one to another? It1
must in tWenft inevitably pass'the assay Offices?
before it leaves'the country. 5 '• '' -
The only1 practical effect of that provision in'
the amendment offered by the chairman of the
committee will'be to paralyze trade arid prohibit
the usual transactions which are constantly and
every day bein£ made in that country. To ..us in
Oregon, Washington, and Idaho the nearest as-
say offipe is at San Francisco. ' It is* fifteen hun-
dred. or;two thousand miles from the great gold-
producing regions of the interior to a Government
assay office. In order to take/the dust there, and
have it reduced to bullion, and get the assay, arid
obtain the Government stamp, the party owning
it must necessarily be out of its use for three or
four months, in addition to paying anexperrse
equal to eight or ten per cent, to get it transferred
to the assay office and back, to say nothing about
the risk and danger of loss in the transportation.
I think the proposition is so clear that there
can be no possible objection to the adoption of
the amendment of the Senator from California in
lieu of the one offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. As I stated beforfe, the
Government cannot possibly be defrauded at all
or lose any of its revenue by that amendment,
while the people will be greatly accommodated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think I shall
offer any objection to the general form in which
this has been put by the Senatorfrom California.
The amendment which I offer, as Tstatcd, was
drawn at the Treasury Department, as I under-
stand. I do not know whether the persons who
drew it there considered the aspect of the case
which is presented with so much force by the
Senator fiom California and the Senator from
Oregon. I would, however, ask theSenator from
California what his views particularly are in ref-
erence to the clause that no jeweler, worker, or
artificer in the precious metals shall use any of
those metals until they shall first have been
stamped,
Mr. McDOUGALL. It strikes me that the
Senator from California might leave that out.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to acting
on one provision at a time.
Mi. FESSENDEN. I want to hear his views
about the necessity of it,if it is intended to reach
anything. The Senator will notice that the rea-
son I ask the question is that in that section of
the bill which makes exceptions, the ninety-fifth
section, there is an exception made of " bullion
used in the manufacture of silver-ware, silver bul-
lion rolled or prepared for platers* use exclu-
sively. " A duty is not laid upon that. As the
Senator's amendment reads at present, unless the
whole act is deferred until a particular time, every
jeweler would be prohibited from using what ho
may have on hand already.
Mr. CONNESS. I will say in reply to the
Senator that I propose that this part of the act
shall go into effect sixty days afterits passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does that apply to tho
whole section ?
Mr. CONNESS. No, to this particular pro-
vision. The necessity of it I stated briefly. That
would leave a considerable time for them to con-
sume their supply. Gold is so easily obtained,
and it is so valuable, that it is not kept idle for
any length of time. There is no stock on hand
kept by jewelers, because gold and silver have a
standard value and are obtainable at any time.
However, any additional provision that the Sen-
ator may suggest I shall probably have no objec-
tion to.
The Senator asks me what my purpose is. My
purpose is fairly and honestly, if you are going
to tax the product of the mines, to equalize the
tax so ns to have it apply to all the people alike;
in other words, to obtain a tax upon the entire
