1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
who have been exempted becausc they had aged
parents depending upon them for support, or who
had a younger brother or sister, or who had mo th-
elites children.
Gentlemen who have not the opportunity of
examining the record the administrative depart-
ment of the Government have made in canyjng
out this law, will be astonished to find that men
of wealth, bankers and merchants, men of large
incomes, because they have happened to have liv-
ing with them an aged mother have taken advant-
age of this piovision of the law to accomplish
their exemption from the draft. Persons who
from some former marriage have children who by
the death of that former wife are left motherless;
men who, though men of wealth, merchants and
bankers, living with those children in luxury, have
in many such instances escaped both the draft and
the payment of commutation by bringing them-
selves in this way within the letter of the law.
Now, this amendment is to enable the officers of
the Government to levise the frauds—or rather I
should say wrongs, for having complied with the
letter of the law they are not fiauds—and to place
such men again upon the enrollment list and re-
quire them to make new cases out under this law
somewhat more stringent in its charactcr.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I now propose to amend
further by inserting after the word "persons,"
in the second line, the words " liable to draft under
the provisions of this bill, or of the act to which
this is an amendment."
The provisions of this eighth section, as they
now stand, would lequireall persons to be en-
rolled who have not been enrolled. This is too
sweeping, and may be capable of misconstruction
and misrepresentation. It evidently points to
those only who are liable to enrollment; and to
make the language of the section express the
object with greater precision, i have offered this
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. If my colleague will allow
me, I will say that I have prepared an amendment
in the shape of a substitute for the whole section,
embracing the amendments which have already
been adopted and embracing also the amendment
just ofTeird by the chanman of the Committee on
'Military Affairs. I desire to have it read, and if
it meets the views of the gentleman, I will ask
him to accept it in place of that which he has
offered. Before having it read, I desire to call
the attention of the members of this committee
to the differences that occur between it and the
printed section. They will discover them by
comparing the printed section as it is read.
The Clctk read, as follows:
Sirike out section eight and in-ert as follows :
Jln<i belt farihet endued, That hoard&of enrollment shall
enioll all per<onMiable to rir.ift under the provi-tonsoftbis
act and the act t<> u Inch tinsi- an amendment, w ho-e name-,
may have been omitted hv the piopei emoNliis? officer; alt
liot-otifr who shall at rive at the a<re of twenty years- betoie
the dtatt; all aliens who shall declare then intention to be-
come citizens*; all pei-ons dischaiyed horn the militaiyor
naval service of the Umied Slates, who have not been ui
each t'nvie/; two yeai-dm imr the pie-,ent war: mid alt per-
son- who have been exempted muter the piovtsions of the
second scction of the act to which this ib an amendment,
but who ate not exempted hv the piovisioi^ of tin*, act;
and -aid boatd-of emollincnt shall release and dischame
fiom draft all persons who. between the time of the einoll-
mi'Mt and the draft, shall Have airived at the ace of ioriy-
fivo >ear«. and shail stnko the names, of such poisons fiom
the enrollment-
Mr. GARFIELD. This amendment,asitwill
be seen, directs the enrolling officers to place on
the list all lliose who may have been improperly
omitted, all those who shall arrive at the age of
twenty before the draft, all aliens who shall de-
elate their intention to become citizens of the
United States, all persons who ha\e been dis-
ehai^pd Horn the military or naval service of the
United States without having been m such service
as long as two years during the present war, as
well as the pursons who have been exempted
under the second section of the act to winch this
is an amendment, and who arc not exempted by
the provisiSns of this act. It also provides for
striking from the rolls such persons as shall have
anived at the age of forty-five years between the
time of the enrollment and the draft.
Mr. SCHENCK. As that includes the three
or four amendments adopted by the committee as
well as that now offered by me, I will withdraw
my amendment, and allow my colleague to offer
lus in place of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I will now, then, Offerthe
amendment just read. I believe it embraces every
amendment which has been offered, acted upon,
and carried in committee, and two others. One
is that aliens who have declaiod their intention to
become citizens of the United States are to be
added to the enrollment list; and the other is the
one just offered by my colleague, the chairman of
the Military Committee. The section provides
for placing on the rolls ail such as have not been
previously enrolled. Now, we do not want all
persons whatever between the ages of twenty and
forty-five to be placed upon the list, and this, there-
fore, restricts them to such as are liable to draft
by this act or the act of which this is an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRIS, of New York. Let me ask the
gentleman whether it is provided by the commit-
tee in the bill that aliens who have voted although
they have not made application for citizenship
shall be subject to this draft?
Mr. GARFIELD. That is provided for in
another part of the bill. If the committee will
notice the language of the Senate bill in regard to
persons who have not sei ved two years becoming
liable to the draft they will discover that it is un-
fortunately worded. They say exactly the oppo-
site of what they mean. 11 is to correct that error
that 1 have moved the amendment now pending.
Mr. Garfield's amendment was adopted.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I move to
add the following as an additional section to the
bill:
That it shall be the duty of the board of eniolhnent to
cnu.-o a list ot the nam<-s of pel-on-* enrolled to be pub
lu-hed in the nevv?papei^ of the disliiet in winch the diaft
h propo-ed to be made for at lea-t thiee weeks next pie-
eedinc the day fixed lot the dialf, and when a sufneient
mintbet i-> drawn hom the wheel oi lm.v it shall lie thednty
of tile boatd to select three i expectable citizen^ living within
lite district so dialled, to lake iiom the box oi wheel the
liamci left therein, make out a < erJified list of tin'name,
and cau-e it to be published ioi the length of tune and in
the mannei fixed ioi the publication oi' eniollinent list; nor
shall any one diaftcd bo compelled to repoit at rendezvous
until the piovi-ioiw of this s-eeUoii aie complied With.
Mr. Oliaiiman, by way of giving a reason for
that amendment, I suggest to thecomnutten, so far
as the operations of the consci iption law have fallen
undei my observation, that it will obviate one of
the most prominent difficulties and objections. A
conscription law in a countiy like ours, put it in
the most acceptable shape you can, is apt to fail
in giving satisfaction to those upon whom it is
intended to operate. My amendment is intended
to obviate one of the main difficulties in the opera-
tion of the law. I caienot what ^imuls you may
throw round the draft, without a provision to se-
cure the publication of the names left in the box
after the draft has been made, people will never
be satisfied that it has been faithfully executed. I
make the amendment for the benefit of the boards
of entailment as well as for the people themselves.
It is not light or just that these men upon whom
these dutn s are imposed shall be subjected to ani-
madversion ami suspicion when they have dis-
ehaiged then duties Jaitbtully; and there is notn-
l.ig which will prevent that but this provision oi
mv amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I oppose the amendment.
The amendment was rejected; there being,on a
division—ayes 28, noes 65.
The Clerk read the ninth section, as follows:
Src. 9.  Sndbeif furihn enaded, That wliencvei amaii-
nei ot able seaman ^hall be diatted undei the act appioved
■i Match a lifO:*, entitled An aet lot eniollm^ and ealhncr
j! out lite national lotee-, and tot othei puipo-e^." he-linll
i i have the ught witlun eipht aa\-ot'the uoniieation oi such
■1 dtalt. to enh-t m tin' naval sen ier> as a -eainau, and a et i-
j! nfieate th.it he !ri<- enh-ted beimr made out ta eonti mity
!' with te'Oiialion-- w lueh irau be pi e-ci ilvtl by the ^I'Cieta;
' of the Xav\, and duly d m the piovo-t mai-hal oi
" thcdi^liAt in winch su«.h maum t oi abh MMiuan shall
, have hren dia'ted, shall e\empthnn t'om >-ueh drait : Pio-
1 vided. That the period tot which he shall liav e enimed into
tne naval seivice ^hall not heles-than the period toi winch
lie shall have been dianed into the uohtaiy service :
proi idol fmtker, That the paid certificate shall declare
that satisfactory pioof has been made before the naval oth-
! cet l'-suing the same that the said petson enlisting i"> a
manner by vocation, or an able seaman.
1 Mr. RICJE, of Massachusetts. I offer the fol-
; lowin" to come in at the close of that section:
And iuiv petson now in tlio nulitaiy service of the TJni-
ted States u'lio shall (luni-li satisfaetoi) pioot that he is a
'' maimer ly vocation or an aide -'ranKii, may enlisi mtu the
Mnvv uudi'i such rul'^.nut lenulatein^ a-. ru:iv he prescribed
bv til:' -M'rietruy the Navv: Prochlal, That such eii-
1 IlVtilienti shall lint he lor les-'tluii the tcini of lil^ llillltaiy
' seivice. nor lei h::-- than one vcai • Pnn ulal fmthcr, i tail
ti the nunihet oftiansfer  shall not exceed ten thousand.
Mr. SCHENCK. Insert the words " tod th«
Secretary of War."
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I accept that
as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. Chairman, I believe that the adoption of
that amendment, or something equivalent to it, is
absolutely necessary to relieve the Navy of the
great embarrassment under which it is at present
laboring for want of seamen. The original act,
to which the bill now before the committee is an
amendment, provided exclusively for the increase
of the Army, and contained no provision for sup-
plying the other great arm of the national defense,
the Navy. In that act there was no provision ex-
empting from draft personsemployed in the Navy
of the United States, and seamen when drafted
were not allowed to enlist in the Navy if they
wished to do so. My amendment is made_ for
this purpose. Seamen drafted will be permitted
to enlist in the Navy if they wish to do so, and
those who enlist will be credited to the quota of
the city or town to which they belong. It is ab-
solutely necessary that there should be an addi-
tional provision for transfer of those from the
Army who are seamen by vocation. That is
necessary, for a large proportion of the seamen
of the country have already entered into the mil-
itary service of the United States, or are employed
in the mercantile marine. The operation of the
local bounties and the desire to increase the quo-
tas of cities and towns have conspired under this
act to drive them nearly all into the Army. It is
doubtful whether the number of seamen to supply
the present wants of the Navy can be obtained by
volunteering and recruiting. Hence it is neces-
sary that some provision of law should be enacted
for their transfer from the Army.
It is known that great embarrassment is now
experienced to provide the number of seamen to
keep our naval vessels afloat. Several have been
detained from going to sea by want of men. I
am informed that for the several vessels fitting
out at the several navy-yards fifteen hundred
men will be required, and that there is a large
number of men now engaged in the naval service
compelled to serve after the expiration of their
time, because there are no seamen to replace them
if they are discharged. Taking these two classes
 those held in the service beyond their time, and-
those required to supply the. vessels fitting out at
the navy-yards—there will he needed not less
than twenty-five hundred men immediately. I
trust there will be no objection to the passage of
the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very well aware of
the necessity of doing something to promote en-
listments in the Navy, and we might very well,
as fai as practicable, take cognizance of that great
public want in the bill we are now considering,
and which has more immediate reference to the
Army. With that view this section, among the
rest, was introduced; but I think the gentleman
j ! from Massachusetts will himself see, upon reflec-
'! tion, that by adding to the section as it now stands
! the provisions of his amendment lie will be going
too far, be treading upon dangerous ground, and
be holding out even a premium for the commission
of fraud upon the public. It is proposed that any
able-bodied seaman or mariner, by vocation, be-
ing in the Army, may, upon application, be trans-
ferred into the Navy under rules and regulations
to be prescribed. Whatwillbe the eifect of that?
A man wanting to go into the Navv would first
enlist in the Army and get the local bounty,
amounting m many cases to three, four, and five
r, hundred dollars, together with whatever portion
!j of the Government bounty mnv be paid, and lin-
! mediately afterwaicls make his application ti. be
1 transferied to the Navy, wheie he would stand
i his chances for a portion of the prize money,
j. Every one understands that no bounties are of-
l; fered to sailors because the chances of leceiving
1 prize money are considered equivalent to abourity,
the piize money not unfrequontly amounting to
I far more than any bounty that is paid to a soldier.
Now, this amendment offers on inducement to
o-o first into the Aimy for the military bounty,
! and then to be transferred lo the Navy to take the
j! chances of receiving prize money theie. Does it
!1 not strike the gentleman that ihere is this objec-
iJ tion to opening the door to fraud in the mannei
ii he pioposes?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. In reply to tho
l! chairman of the Committee on Military Allan's,
