1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
Constitution can any man boast that he enjoys
to-day? Is there a State in the Union where the
right of trial by jury has not been denied ? Is there
one where the right of free speech and the liberty
of the press have not been invaded ? Can any man
feel, if the hand of power were laid upon him,
thattheliberty of Ins person is safe,and, if wrong-
fully imprisoned, that any court or judicial officer
Can issue the writ of habeas corpus to inquire the
cause? Can any mail Ufll how many of our citi-
zens are confined without nnthnrity of la w, groan-
ing and languishing in the forts, prisons, and bas-
tiles, at rested without warrant, held without trial,
and m utter ignorance of the cause of their con-
finement? Or is there any lawyer or statesman
who can tell you how you can ascertain ? Twice
during this session of Congress 1 have myself in-
troduced a lesoiution calling upon the Piesident
and Secretaries of&tate and of War to give to Con-
gress and the country information as to how many
and who are now under arrest and imprisonment
_ for political offenses, together with the cause of
such imprisonment, and the partisans of the Ad-
ministration quickly, and without e\en allowing
a vote upon it, suppiessed the lesoiution. Who
thinks of these, living burials, these tombs of liv-
ing men? Whose turn may u bo next, ami how
long shall these things continue m this land wliere
the rights and liberties of the people are secured
by a wntlen Constitution?
But, sir, this party of the President, under the
name of "Union patty," and " Unconditional
Union party," is striking its most venomous and
fatal blows directly .a the heart of the Union itself.
As the Union cannot be pies-'ivcd without the
Constitution, so neither can tt be pi esei ved with-
out preserving the States composing the Union.
The destiuction of the States is the destruction of
the Union. They, too, must stand oi fall together.
Strike but one of the States fioni the Union and
the Union is desti oyed. Destroy the dignity and
equality of one State, degrade one State in the
Union of coequal States, and the endurance and
perfection of tin* political fabric arc gone. Sir, the
President so undeistood it, so declared, and stands
upon the record and history of this country so
recorded.
But, sir, in violation of the Constitution,in vio-
lation of his solemn and oft-repeated pledges,
he issued his proclamation, intend; d directly to
mteifere with the institution of slavery in the
States; pledging, at the same time, the Army and
Navy of the country to carry out and enforce that
proclamation. I will not argue the validity of that
proclamation. The President himself, by argu-
ments never refuted, denied his i ight to issue it.
Every lawyer knows it is an absurdity. His own
party are notngreed upon it,and the distinguished
gentleman from iYlaiyland [Mr. Davis] twls us it
is not worth the paper on which it is written. It
matters not, however, whether it be valid or in-
valid, legal or illegal, the Aimyand Navy are
pledged to maintain it. What light had he to
pledge our brethren, om sons, our citizen soldiery
to maintain that utiwai rantable and illegal procla-
mation ?
But, sir, all these plans of reconstruction, un-
der whatsoever plausible names ihcy aie called,
whether it is the plan of the President piescrib-
ing a new and unheard-of oath to support and
abide by the illegal acts and usurpations of the
President, both m the present and future, or the
plan of the gentleman from Alary land to provide
for the rebellious States a republican foim of gov-
ernment, in either case the Constitution is dis-
regarded. In all those cases it is the bold, reckless
work of the revolutionist, overthrowing the con-
stitution of government. The gentleman from
Maryland tells us it would be well to amend the
Constitution, and reach his puipvsem that way,
but that would be slow, and he :s not quite sure
that it would cairy, but Congress has the pmccr
and can do it now and quickly. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania hesnat-.-s at nothing, but bold-
ly ignores the Constitution and the Union. With
him " the Union as it was and the Constitution
as it is is an atrocious idea." fie would s11 ike
the whole fabucdown at one fell h'ow. Aral, sir,
the gentleman i\ oni P> no.-yivanu also tt lis iu- (hat
the President's "plan is wholly outside of and
unknown to the Constitution.'5 The Piosalmit,
he says, " may not sri ike as tin ect a blow with a
battering-ram, but with his usual shiewdness and
caution he is picking out the mortar from the
joints, until eventually the whole tower will fall,"
A distinguished and eloquent Senator the other
day inquired, " Who now cares for the Union of
the past?" The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julian] tells us:
•' Now is the time to begin this woi k ; we must not only
cut up >luveiy root and branch, but we nius-t se-e to it thut
these teeming i cgiojis shall be studded over with, small fai
and tilled hy J) ce men."
Again he says:
" Should both Congress and the courts stand in the way
oi' the nation's hfe, men the led lightning of the people's
wrath niu^t coibuine the recreant who ictuses, to execute
the popular will ' ■**** <iNot even tfie
Cojistitution mint be allotted to hold lack the uplifted arm
oj i/tc G'otonmcnf.15
Sir, is not this revolution; bold, daring, reckless
revolution? Is not this destruction ot the Con-
stitution, overthtow of the States, subversion of
the Government? I do notiuquncin regaid to
slaverv as an institution. I am no defender nor
apologist of slavery, it may bo already dead, or
dying, amid the conflict of arms; it may survive
or perish; it is exclusively a State institution, sub-
ject to the control of the people where it exists,
and with which the President has repeatedly de-
clared, m the most solemn manner, he had no
purpose nor right to interfere. If it were slavery
only, if it were one institution of a State, or one
State of the Union that is to be overthrown, silence
might be paidom-d. .Put it is the destruction of
the n^ht of propet ty, it is the revival of Roman
agrailaiusm, it ts the destruction of the Union,
it is the ovei tin ow of t ho States, it is the subver-
sion of the Constitution and the wreck of civil
libei ty. Is it strange that the gentleman from
Ohio is disheartened? Sir, it is not rebels, nor
rebel sympathizers, who must suffer in the con-
summation of such doctrines and purposes; there
would not be left to any of us the shadow or
semblance of the Republic, of the Constitution.
In the place of well-defined wiitten constitutions
and wiitten laws, protecting the individual lib-
eity and rights of the citizen, and controlling him
by the mild influence of self-government, you
will have the consolidated power of empire, ex-
erting itself hi the name of the popular will, which,
undehned and undefiuab!e,\vili soon come to mean
only the power of the action or pai ty accidentally
in possession of the purse and the sword.
1 know it is said the people of the rebellious
States havebioken the Constitution, have sought
to destioy the Government formed by it, and that
thereby they have forfeited all rights umhrit.
it is true they lefusu to render obedience to the
Constitution, and deny their obligation to do so;
and it is for this very reason that we prosecutc
the war against them, to bring them back to their
allegiance. We fight to preserve the Constitu-
tion, not to be revenged foi its violation; to pre-
serve constitutional government, not to destioy
it. Put 1 deny that they have no i j  hts under the
Constitution. Their guilt is the consequence of
theii violation of it, and the measure of thatirmlt
is to be deteimined by it. It is the penalty at-
tached to a violated Constitution, and not the
vengeance of infuriated passion, winch they have
incurred. The Constitution is nota mere contract
between two parties, where the breach of the one
relieves the other from his duty to keep or abide
by it. The duty and obligation tosuppoitand
alude by the Constitution are continuing duties.
No one man or number of men can relieve or dis-
charge another. Every citizen owes allegiance
to it and has a right to demand the allegiance of
every other. And every one is as much inter-
ested in its being kept by himself as by another.
The duty to defend and preserve it is not a mere
selfish duty, but it is one we owe to the dead and
the living, to the past and the future, to the pa-
triots who conseci a ted it with their life blood, and
; to the unborn millions for whom it was made,
i But if those who have been loyal and faithlul
to its provisions are alone entitled to claim its ben-
efits, then the obligation rests upon all who would
preserve their fidelity to see to it that every man
who has remained faithful and true shall not be
despoiled of his right. That there are some who
ha\e lemained amid all their trial and sulienngs
loyal to the Constitution and Union, no man can
doubt. Indeed, we have the highest authouty
for .30 believing. In Ins message before referred
to, the President himsolf says:
*• it may wolf be questioned wln-thor there is to day a
iiKijoiityol'lheiegaiiy-qiiahlied voteibof any State, except,
perhaps, South Carolina, in favor of disunion. There is
much reason to believe that the Union men are the major-
ity in many if not ni every other one ot the so-called se-
ceded States. The conttaiy has not been demonstrated in
any one of them. It is ventured to affirm this even of Vir-
ginia and Tennessee; for .the result of an election held in
military camps, where the bayonets are uli on one side of
tne qnesttocL voted upon, ean scarcely he considered as
detnoyj|$pwi'g popular sentiment."
Again, in February, 1862, Mr. Seward, wri-
ting to Mr. Adams by authority of the President,
says: '
" Notwithstanding the protestations oftheinsuigents that
the people of the insurgent ritatcs are unanimous in the de-
termination to overtlnow the Government, ice hare Ihc most
satisfactory evidence that the Union will be hailed in every
quarter as fast as the Aimy shall emancipate the people
from the oppression of the insurgent leadens."
But we need not multiply evidence upon this
point. If it be true (and no one doubts the fact)
that any portion of the people of the rebellious
States are or were at the time of the issue of the
proclamation loyal to the Constitution, they are
entitled to its benefitsand protection. Upon what
principle of justice or good government are their
rights ignored? What is their crime or wrong?
Is it that anjid trials and sufferings that would
have put to severest test the patriotism of the most
loyal man in the North they have remained firm
and unwavering in their attachment and fidelity
to a Government that has been unwilling or unable
to protect them? Is it a crime in them against
their Government that they have been overborne
and oppressed during long years by a power that
neither they northeir Government have been able
to overthrow? In my judgment if there are in
any State in rebellion loyal men who have not
bowed the knee to treason they arc entitled, not
only to the enjoyment of all the provisionsof the
Constitution, but to be protected in it by the whole
force and power of the Government.
It is the first and highest duty of the Govern-
ment to piotect and defend these loyal people
from the despotism by which they have been
crushed and oveiborne. To protect the weak
against the strong is the purpose for which it was
instituted; to guaranty, not to overthrow, the gov-
ernments of the States is the requirement of the
Constitution. To have done this would have
kept inviolate the oath of the President and pre-
served the pledges and obligations of himself and
his party to the country, it would have fostered
and preserved the Union sentiment in the con-
federate States. It would have won those who
had gone astray back to their allegiance, and
weakened, if it had not destroyed, the rebellion.
It would have saved millions of money and thou-
sands of lives. It would end the war, when it
shall end, m the preservation of the Constitution
and the Union.
Sir, many, most, of the embarrassments and
complications in which the Administration and
the country are now involved, mostof the bitter-
ness of party feeline:,are the consequence of the de-
parture ft om the Constitution and from the plain,
simple pnnciples to which the President pledged
himself in the beginning in the conduct of his
office and the prosecution of the war. While it
was supposed he was adhering to his original
avowed policy, the entire people of the loyal
States, except the ultra abolition fanatics and a
few who may have doubted his sincciity, were
ready to stand by him. Party spirit and party
bickerings and dissensions were almost forgotten.
The resioiation of the Union and the Constitution
was the animating and inspiring cry throughout
the length and breadth of the land. There was
no necessity for arbitrary arrests, or for suspend-
ing the writ of habeas corpus in the loyal States,
or denial of tin; light of trial by jury, no con-
scription 3 to enforce and no riots to quell; no in-
terference with the freedom of speech or the press
ot parliamentary debate; no mock military trials
of civilians, or banishments for opinion's sake.
Ail these things came with the departure from the
Constitution and his pledges. It was when the
Piesident bound himself to the demands and mad
schemes of the abolition fanatics and became the
mere leader of a party, seeking only to secure and
perpetuate party power without regard to the
Constitution, and m violation of Ins promises,
that it became necessary to ignore the rights of
the States, and to trample under foot State con-
stitutions, State sovereignty, and State laws.
Till then it needed no executive military proc-
lamations proclaiming void the constitutions of
