THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
sovereign States for the purpose of " reconstruc-
tion;" no !TCts Congress to insure republican
government, E>y repealing or annulling State cun-
svitutions in the rebellious States when the re-
bellion should be subdued.
< Sir, I deny there is any such necessity, or that
there can be any such necessity. rec-
lamation, no such act can do any good. TtBStidle,
"and worse than idle, to proclaim in advance a pol-
icy that must tend to consolidate and strengthen
the insurgents and prolong the war. Put down
the rebellion, break up the war power of the ene-
jay, destroy its army, and if there be butfiveloyal
men, five true men, in each State, who, through
-alt the ftery trials to which they have been sub-
jected, have maintained their fidelity to the Con-
stitution and the Union, they are.entitled to their
State rights, their State constitution, and the in-
stitutionsof their States unimpaired. These, with
■sach as are willing to return to their allegiance,
ai«l such as ought to be forgiven,could soon, un-
der the policy pledged by the President, set the
State machinery in motion, wheel the old State
into line, and let her march, and again " keep step
to the music of the Union;" and this, too, with-
out any actof G'"igress creating a new State gov-
ernment. Any other course is revolution. Any
other course is State annihilation. The President
nor Congress has any other power. Neither the
President nor Congress has power to make or to
annul a State constitution. The President with
the Army may suppress the rebellion, may over-
throw the armed power of the rebels, relieve the
inhabitants of the States from the military des-
potism that now rules them, but he has no power
to establish civil governments. His war power
ceases when the war ends. When the civil au-
thority can assume control, the war authority
must cease. The war power was not given to
create or make new constitutions, new govern-
ments, for the States, but " to protect, defend, and
preserve" the old ones. This is all the recon-
struction that is constitutional,all that is needed,
nil that the loyal people of the country desire.
And this theloyal people of the insurgent Stales,
of the United States, have a right to demand.
1 know this is not now the policy of the Pres-
ident, his party, or this Congress. Neither has
any idea of restoring the Union under the Con-
stitution. The purpose now is to change the
entire form of this Government; to centralize,
consolidate, ami build up a vast central power,
which shall oveishadow all the States, and con-
trol and govern the whole territory under the
power and dominion of empire. They are ful-
filling the prophecy pf Daniel Webster:
" If the infernal ftiuiiues and aliohiioni'.D, ever set the
power in their haiuK they will oviMriile the Con-.uiutlon,
feet the Supreme Court at doll-nice, elmnge and make lawn
to bint them.st'lvt*.', lay violent hands on those who thlYer
with them m their opinion^, or dare que?turn thou nil'alll
biliiy, and finally bankrupt the eountiy, and deluge it with
blood."
But it is said slavery is the cause of the war,
and the cause must be destroyed. Let not gen-
tlemen deceive t hemselves. If slavery be a cause,
jt is not the only cause of war. The honorable
gentleman from .Indiana [Mr. Jolian] gave us
another cause. He tells us this is a "landhold-
ers' rebellion;" mid proposes to carry the war
on till that cause ;s destroyed. He proposes to
divide up large estates among the freedmen for
the purpose of a better religion, and to prevent
war. Sir, who can believe that such a policy
will destroy the cause of war, or ever end the pres-
ent? How long after our division and partition
of estates bo fore another will be demanded ? Who
will be declined rebels next, for the purpose of
another division? When and where will it end?
When greed and avarice are the motives, causes
of war will not be wanting.
I pray gentlemen to stop and consider. What
has this struggle alieady cost? Has it not brought
mourning and sorrow into every house and to
every fireside? Have we not loaded ourselves
and posterity with debt aifll taxation for all tune
to come? And what have we gained? Is it be-
lieved that we can, or desirable that we should,
subjugate or p>it to the sword the entire people of
the'msurjrniit Slates? The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mi."Julian] tells 111 the mosl terrific fight-
ing of the war is yet to come, that we shall in-
evitably win, ami that we shall divest the rebels
of three fourths of ail the cultivated lands in the
rebellious States; and these estates are to be par-
titioned up and distributed among the former ser-
vants of.the reb6ls. This is now the constitutional
warfare that is being waged. No sane man can
believe that permanent peace can ever be obtained
by such a policy. Six millions of the Anglo-
Saxon race to be so conquered and subdued as to
settle down in quietude, in peace, and see then-
entire estates in the hands and possession of then-
former servants, and those servants a black and
servile race! Sir, we may conquer their armies
and "scatter their war force, but we can never have
peace by such a policy. Remember the six hun-
dred years of Ireland's struggle; remember her
confiscated estates and the fate of their occupants.
Six million people—of white people—were never
subjugated. To subjugate the people of the in-
surgent States will desolate, will destroy the North.
How are they to be kept in subjugation, and to
whom? It would require a standing army for all
time to come of a million men. Will the people
consent to the expense, the taxation, the suffer-
ing, the. trials that will be required to drive three
foul ths of the people of the rebel States from their
homes, their firesides, their estates, and defend
tha freedmen in them? Sir, the " reconstruction"
which the people of this country will demand
when the military power of the insurgent States
is removed, will be the reconstruction of the State
authority under the State constitution. Negro
freedom and negro equality will saon be lost sight
of in the mightyeffortwhichapeople accustomed
to the enjoyment of their liberties will put forth
to regain and save their own.
X know the President tells us in hislast message
that ho shall not retract his proclamation of free-
dom to the negro; that "itwould bean astound-
ing breach of faith"to do so. Itwasan astound-
ing breach of faith toward his own race,.his own
fellow-citizens, when he pledged the Army and
Navy to maintain a proclamation issued m viola-
tion oflaw, the Constitution, his pledges, his oath,
and which, according to his own friends on this
floor, was not worth the paper oij which it was
written. Ilis administration has teen an " astound-
ing breach of faitli" from the beginning. Which
was the most sacred and binding, which ought
now to rest with most force upon the heart and
conscience of the President, the pledge of faith
which he gave to the whole American people that
he would not interfere with the institutions of the
States, 01- the pledge which he gave in the proela*
mation to overthrow and destroy them ? The peo-
ple cannot always be deceived; the sober second
thought will come at length, when this Adminis-
tiation, this party in power, will be called to an
account. The people, the masses of this eountiy,
desire the restoration of the Union as our fathers
made it. The rulers, the party in power, do
not. Cover up your wicked purposes as you may;
call your party by what names you will, Union,
unconditional Union, loyal, or any other, your
designs are the destruction of the Union of the
fathers, overthrow of the State and national con-
stitutions. And, sir, you may strengthen and
increase your power by the overthrow of State
banks, the creation of agigantic Federal moneyed
power, your " Freedmen's Bureau,"and all your
othcr schemcs of empire, the day will come when
the people will demand back their Constitution,
and will demand, too, that the highest as well as
the lowest shall lender obedience to it.
You must not expect to prevent this just and
reasonable demand of the people. They have
remained quiet and hopeful, lesting their faith
upon the right and purity of the elections. That
faith is shaken but not destroyed. It will be a
sad, a calamitous day when they feel no longer
any confidence in the justice of the elective fran-
chise. To the ballot-box the people now look,
not without fear and misgivings, but with hope.
Destroy not that hope. Impose no more ruleis
or governments upon us by force, oppression, or
fraud. Let us have a free, pure election. Let
not Congress, the Executive, or the sword dic-
tate the form of the Government. Respect the
rights, the intelligence, the sovereignty of the
people to be governed if you would preserve the
State. Stifle not the voice of their Representa-
tives though they would appeal to you in hope or
despair, in joy or in sorrow. Let this Hall resound
with free debate where truth and not force shall
overthrow error, where reason and not power
shall bear sway.
I Sir, the Democratic party stand now where they
did when the President congratulated himself and
the country that there was but one party. They
will support the Administration in every consti-
tutional measure to put down the rebellion and re-
store the Union. It is an unconditional Union
party; it is in fact and m truth the only party that
xs to-day and at all times for restoring the Union
asour fathersniade it. We spurn with utter scorn
and contempt all your false charges of sympathy
with rebels, of disloyalty to the Government and
the Union. We will submit to taxation, and cheer-
fully bear all the burdens necessary to -sustain
and pay our noble, patriotic Army and Navy,
now in the service or hereafter to be called. We
will shrink from no duty, but we will consent to
no destruction ofthe Federal Union of these States
either by secession or consolidation. And, as you
shall find, we will not neglect our representative
duty, nor surrender without a struggle our right of
fiee parliamentary debate on this floor.
Mr. SMITH obtained the floor.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a few moments?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, I will give him ten min-
utes of my time.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker,man's fond-
ness for notoriety, when not well regulated and
restrained, becomes as dangerous a propellant in
the moral as the expansive power of steam in the
physical world. Under the influence of this pas-
sion, themaster worksof art have been destroyed
by the torch of the incendiary, and the lives of
warriors and statesmen have been terminated by
the poniard of the assassin. In order that mail
may become famous, he will consent to become
infamous. It is upon this principle that I acquire
a solution of the otherwise inexplicable conduct
ofthe member of this House, from my own State,
which is impugned by the resolution now under
consideration.
Mr. Speaker, I have carefully read and consid-
ered the obnoxious speech of the member from
Ohio, and, although from past associations [ was
prompted to extenuate, I feel bound to affirm that
there are no palliatives in oraboutit. Why,sir,
hecommonces his wild harangue by announcing
his intention " to proclaim the deliberate convic-
tions of his judgment;" and these "deliberate
convictions"'weiecarefully committed to writing
days and weeks before their enunciation in this
Hall. Nothing unpremeditated was suid, and
nothing was said under cxcitement. And yet, in
the very commencement of his singular tirade, the
member takes occasion to make a vile fling at our
Chief Magistrate by saying that—
"A little over three years a?o the present occupant of
the Piesidential Mansion at the other end of the avenito
came into this eity under cover ot'night, di.-gillscd in plaid
cloak and Scotch cap, lost, a= was feared by his 11 h-iwN,
he might Itavc received a warmer gieetm* than would have
been agreeable oil his way through lSaltunoic.",
Thus the assassination of the people's Presi-
dent would, in the "deliberate judgment" of the
member from the-second district of Ohio, have
been " a warmer greeting than would have been
agreeable."
But wht'n the member camc to speak of his
country and Government the virus stty moredis-
tinctly appears. After citing a remark imputed
to the celebrated Humboldt—" the American peo-
ple have a Government which you can neither
see nor feci"—he proceeds in this wise:
" So riilTVicnt is it now, and groat is the clinnge, that
the mquiiy might well be made to-day, 'Aio we not in Con-
stantinople. in St. Peter.-buig, in Vienna, in Home, orin
ParisMilitary governors ami their provo.-t marshal?over-
ride the laws, ami the echo of the aim<-d heel rings forth
as clearly now m America as in Fiance or m Ausuia."
And then, as to the war, he says:
" My first and highest ground of opposition to its further
prosecution is, that it i-> vtong; it if- in violation of the
Constitution and of the fundamental pnnciples on wliicll
the Federal Union was founded."
As to the Union:
"As will be judged by the tenor of these remarks," he
says," J am reluctantly and desponding!} forced to the con-
clusion that the Union is lost neva to he restotcd. I legarii
all dn;am-> of the uMotation of the Union, which was the
pn<lp ot my lite, anil to ie*tore which even now I would
pour out my hyai t'f blood, as worse than idle- I ^ee neither
North nor South anv s-entunenl on which it it- po-vibie to
build a Union. ThoC« elements of Union winch Mr. Adams
de-cubed havr, bv the pioeess of tunc, hern dr^ioyfd.
Woi&e, j ea.'1 oi than thai, Mr.'Chan man. lain telm-tandy
foieed to the conclusion that m attempting to pt^eive our
lunsdietion over the southern States we huie Lost our con-
stitulional form of government over the northern. Thciela
not one single vestige ofthe Constitution luiiiaining. Every
