584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
I would say that I supposed I had sufficiently
guaided the amendment I have offered by insert-
ing a limitation upon the number that might be
so transferred, namely, ten thousand, and by the
provision that this transfer can only be made un-
der such rules and regulations as may be agreed
upon by the Secretary of the Navy in con junction
with the Secretary of War. I suppose they can,
in their regulations, make any provision that may
be required against any improper transfer.
I think, however, there is some weight in the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Ohio in
respect to bounties. It is the influence of these
public bounties which has induced seamen to enter
into the Army in such great numbers instead of
.enlisting in the Navy; and if those bounties are
continued to be offered for entering in the Army,
while none are offered foi entering the Navy, sea-
men will continue, to some considerable extent,
to enter the Army as soldiers.
With a view to meet the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I am
entirely willing to add to my amendment the pro-
vision that seamen who have received a bounty
on enlisting in the Army shall have the amount
of such bounty deducted from any prize money
to which they may be entitled. That, I think,
will meet the objection of the gentleman. I modify
my amendment by adding:
Provided, Thnt any bounty mtmfv which a seaman may
have received on enteimg the Army shall, on In-; being
tnmsfeired to the Navy, lie dodneled honiany prize money
to which such seaman may become entitled.
Mr. SCHENCK. The proviso still does not
appear to remove thedifliculty which exists. The
amount of bounty paid by the Government on en-
listment is proportionately small, as it is paid in
installments. The principal bounty obtained by
those who enlist or reenhst, as the ease may be,
comes from local corporations, cilies, comities,
and States.
Mr. IUCE, of Massachusetts. Inasmuch as the
bill now provides that sea men enlisting in the Navy
shall be credited to the cities and towns from which
they come, there will be no inducement upon the
part of the local authorities to withhold bounties
fioni seamen who are willing to enhstas soldiers.
The gentleman's point, as 1 understand it, is
• that the local authorities pay large bounties to men
enlisting in the Army. They have been doing it
because persons so enlisting are credited to the
quota of the city or town to which they belong.
Now, under the new provision of this bill which
authorizes men enlisting in the Navy to be cred-
ited to the quotas m like manner as men enlisted
in the Army, there will be no inducement for the
authorities to withhold bounties irom the sailors.
Mr. SCLIENCK. I do not sec that that re-
moves the objection. It is true that under this
bill the localities get credit for the men who enlist
in the Navy, but they pay no bounty to those
seamen. In order to get into the military service,
however, these persons being seamen, have drawn
these local bounties. If they had entered the
Navy directly they could not ha\e drawn these
local bounties, but tho day after being mustered
into the mthtaiy service, they suddenly discover
that their propensities are enthely foi the ocean,
and having pocketed the bounty and been trans-
ferred to the Navy, they come there within the
class of those who may get the benefits of piize
money which is the equivalent to the sailor for
the bounty paid to soldiers.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. That will not
be the future opeiation of the law.
Mr. Rice's amendment was ;igieed to.
Mr. MALLORY. J offer the following pioviso
to come in at the end of the section:
provided, That no regubulv liceiwvd pilot on the
liver* and hatboi* of the United States shall be liable to
dralt under the pu>< i&mns of tin.- lull.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment with a
view of reserving for the use of the Government
of the United States aclass of men whom I think
as meritorious as any we have in the West or
anywhere else.
Mr. GARFIELD. Has the gentleman looked
at section twelve?
Mr. MALLORY. I have, but section twelve
does not cover the ease. I wish to exempt from
the draft pilots engaged on the western waters, a
class of men who acquire knowledge and skill by
long practice and the education of years. They
are men whose services it is difficult to obtain, and
nearly till the skillful pilots m the western country
have been impressed into the service of the United
States for the gunboats on those waters. I think,
for this reason, that they ought certainly to be
exempt fiom draft. You do not want to take men
like them and put them into the Army—men who
can be so much more usefully employed elsewhere.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentleman
what are the ordinary wages of pilots?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know, but they are
very high—probably $500 a month.
Mr. SCHENCIC. So I have understood, and
therefore.1 think they are fully able to pay their
commutation money and stick to their business if
they choose to do so. It is a profitable profession.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would state that the ordi-
nary pay of a river pilot is from two hundred and
fifty to three hundred dollars per month.
Mr. MALLORY. Surely the chairman ofthe
Committee on Military Affairs does not mean to
provide by this conscription bill that those whose
skill and attainments enable them to make large
sums of monej£ shall be subjected necessarily to
extraordinary requisitions from the Government ?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, sir; but no oxtraordi-
nai y exceptions should be made in their favor.
My position is just the reverse.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, sir, I am for proceed-
ing in relation to pilots as in relation to everybody
else. I am for no discrimination for or against
men because ofthe wages they receive. I am in
favor, however, of providing for the necessities
of the Government; for if pilots are drafted and
do not choose to pay the commutation money,
they will be put in the Army,and the Government
will be unable to have their .services in the Navy.
The gentleman, I suppose,does not intend by his
bill to compel them to pay commutation money;
and if he does not, the pilot, when drafted, may
gu into the Army when Ins services are indispens-
ably needed on the gunboats.
[Here the hammer fell.]
M r. 1IOLMAN. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by adding the wouls "that such exemp-
tions art1 to be icgulated by such rules as maybe
established by the Secretary ofthe Navy."
Mr. MALLORY. 1 think thatdoes away with
the whole matter.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am opposed to the origi-
nal amendment and also to the modification, and
to anything that makes a provision of that sort.
1 am well aware of the necessity of having pilots
on the rivers. I am well aware, also, that these
pilots are paid very high wages, that theirs is a
very profitable employment. "Now, it may be that
m particular cases it would bean inconvenience
if one of those pilots, being diafted, should go as
a diufted man, thus depriving tho*e who employ
them of hi^ services. 1 feel very certain that that
inconvenience would not arife in many cases;
that pilots being engaged in a business by which
they are making £51)0 a month, more or less,
would, like other men having profitable employ-
ments, pay their commutation rather than go as
drafted men. There might be instances in which
the patriotism ofthe pilot would he so great as to
induce him to go to ihe Aimy. in such a case
I would be disposed to commend him for it as I
would commend any other man who would do the
same thing. Jiut I am afraid that those excep-
tional ea^es would not be so very frequent as gen-
tlemen seem to imagine. Instead of making an
extiuoi dinai y exception against pilots, or against
any particular class, I am for making no exlraor-
dinaiy exception for or against anybody. Rut
as far as piaettcahle, where persons are not act-
ually in the employ of the Government, I am in
favor of letting drafted men eilhergo and per-
foim military duties, or send substitutes who will
do so for them, or pay some equivalent to the
Gov eniment so that the Govei nment may employ
some one rise.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the gentleman ex-
cepts the Pieuidcnt of the United States from the
operation of this bill. Why not let him take his
chance, and if drafted pay the commutation
money ?
Mr. GARFIELD. The President of the Uni-
ted States is not excepted, as he is already in the
military service of the United States as Com-
mander-in-Chief.
Mr. MALLORY. The Vice President of the
United States is not in the military seiviee, and
he is excepted.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir; we do except the
Vice President. My answer to that is, that we
do make exceptions in some very few cases, where
from the inconvenience of taking the only officer
or some of the few officers of this kind, filling the
most important positions in the country, not to do
so might derange the whole working system of
the Government, including this among the rest.
We have more than one pilot, but we have not
more than one President and Vice President ofthe
United States. We also except judges of courts;
but gentlemen will recollect that we do not except
members of Congress. We do not except Sena-
tors. We confine exceptions to a very few, ex-
ceedingly few, importantofficial personages ofthe
Government, the taking away of whom would
operate to derange the very working machinery
of the Government.
I was going to remark with regard to pilots that
the argument in favor of their exemption from
liability to draft might be presented in respect to
any other class. A tavern-keeper sometimes can-
not well be spared, neither can a blacksmith nor
shoemaker nor 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOLMAN. As the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Mallory] imagines that my amend-
ment may embarrass his proposition I withdraw
it, and will offer another. I move to amend by
inserting, after the words " United States," the
words, " while actually employed in the naval
service,"
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the gentleman
from Indiana that the twelfth section makes the
provision which he contemplates. His amend-
ment, therefore, is useless.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I withdraw it.
The question was taken on Mr. Mallory's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to amend by
adding to the amendment to scction nine as fol-
lows:
Pto tided, That no regularly licenced pilot upon the rivers
and haibors of the United States shall be compelled to ren-
der M'lvicc many ofthe vessels ot' the United States, except
when drafted under the pioviMons of thus bill, unless in
eases oi volunteer enlistments upon such vessels.
Mr. Chairman, I suppose there can be no ob-
jection to such an amendment as that. The only
wonder is that such an amendment should be
deemed necessary, but I propose to explain the
necessity for it.
The number of pilots on the western rivers is
quite limited. It takes a good many years to fa-
miliarize a pilot with the waters ofthe West. There
has, during the present war, been a very large
diaft upon that class of our fellow-citizens in the
West. They have been pressed into the service
of the Navy time and again by officers in com-
mand of our fleets, or in command ofthe depart-
ments there. It is evidently unjust that they
should be liable to conscription into the military
service and liable at the same time, at the pleasure
of any man in command of a naval vessel, to be
taken fiom their employment and put into tho
naval service. All I ask is that the pilots of the
West shall bear the same liability and no more than
other citizens of the countiy touching the rendi-
tion ofmihtary and naval service, and if this House
will not exempt them from the performance of nul-
itaiyduty on account of the great necessity there
is for the services of pilots in the fleets of the West
and the distinguished services they have rendeied
timeand again under this system of impressment,
but will still continue their liability to military
duty, 1 say it is as little as we can do to exempt
them from being impressed into the naval service
so long as they remain liable to conscription into
the military service.
Mi. ALLISON. I oppose the amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 50,
noes 64.
Section ten was read, as follows:
Six*. 10. '■ind l>f it further enacted, That whenever any
such maiinei or able seaman shall have been exempted
fiom such diaft m the mihtaiy seivicc by snch enlistment
into the naval seivkc, uiulu such due cemfieate thetcof,
ihen the waid. town, oi town-hip, or county, when the
same i> not divided into waul*, ton us, ot towns-hips, from
which such pei.-on has been dralted shall be credited with
his seiviCa to all intents and puipo«es as if he had been
duly imbtcrcd into the mihtaiy seivieo under such draft.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend section
ten, in line five, by inserting after the word town-
whip" the woid " precinct," and after the word
