E532
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oi'dered.
Mr. WADSWORTH. i make the point of
order that it is not lawful to do work on the Sab-
bath day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. This is the legislative day of
baturday, and will remain so till the House ad-
journs. The Chair will state that if the House
adjourns to-night and there should be no quorum
on Monday there can be no adjournment sine die,
as that requires a quorum,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope we
will go on and finish this bill to-night.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
50, nays 57, not voting 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Ashley, Daily, Blair,
Bliss, Boutwell, Boyd, Brooks, Chanler, Cox, Hemy Win-
ter Davis, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Drfgsr-*, Eden, Kid-
rid^e, English, Fiank, Hauling, Benjamin G. ilairifc, Huich-
ins,Jenck(\a,Knapp, Law, Le Blond, Loan, Long, Maiey,
Me H ride, McOlurg, William II. Miller, Morrison, Amos
Myers,John O'Neill, Pendleton,Samuel J.Randall, Rohm-
pon, Scofield, Stevens, Stiles, Tracy, Wadswoith,
Ward. Webster, Wheeler, Wilder, and Winfield—50.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames. Arnold, Baxtei, (Johb, Oof-
froth, Cole, Ores well, Dawes, Dixon, Ed«eiton,Khot, Fen-
ton, Canson, Garfield, Gooeh, <2riswold,(1liai le< W li;uu«,
Ilooper, fJotehkiys, Asialiel VV. llubbaid, fiigeiaoll,William
Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Kernan, Liulejohn, Longyear,
Middtcton, Samuel F. i\]ilh:i, Mooihe:ui, Morrill, Diimel
Mori is, James II. Moriis. Leonaid Myei.-, Noble, Norton,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Alexaudei II. Rice, John
II. Hice, James S. Uolhus, Sehenck, Shannon, Sloan,
Sniithers, John B. Steele, William (i. Steele, Thomas, Up-
son, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washburn?, William B.
Waslilunn, Wilson, Windom, and Woodbudge—5"/.
NOT VOTING—Mfwi-'J. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Amiet son, Augu-nusC. Baldwin, John I>. Baldwin,
Be.minn, Blame, Blow, Btandegee, Bioomnll, James S.
Brown, William (i, Blown, Amhio^e W. Clink, Fieem.ui
Olaike, Clay, Cravens, Thomn.s T. Davis, Donnelly, Du-
inwit, Eckley, Fnmsworth, Finck, Gndor, CJnnnclL Hale,
Jlall, llarimgton, Ileinck, Uigbv, Iloimau, John II. Hub
hard, llullnml, Philip Johnson, KalbHt'i-eh, Kii^on. Fran
eis W. Ivellogii.Oilando lu'llogg, King, Knox, La/.ear, IMal
lory, Maivin, McAllister, McDowell,Meindoe. MeKinney,
N< l on, Odi'll, IVihani, IViij, Tiki*, I'ojneioy, Price,
Priivn, Radford. William H. Randall, Kogers, Hdwmd 1<
Rollins, Seoft, Smith, Spalding, Starr, StehhnH, Snouse,
Stu.ut, Sweat, Thayei, Voorhees, VVhaley, Chillon A.
While, Joseph W. White, Williams, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Ye.aman—7o.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion to lay on
the table the motion to reeonsiderthe vote where-
by the joint resolution imposing a special income
duly was laid on the table; on which the yeas
and nayN hud been ordered.
The question was taken; nnd it was decided in
the negative—yeas 44, nays 52, not voting 8fi; as
follows:
YKAS—Me-*is. Baily, Bhs-?, Biookf.Ohanlei, Collrotli,
Cox, Daw Miii, l )rni - on, Kdgeiton, Fddiidge, English, Hard-
ing, Beniainin (J. H.irns, (*h;n!fM M Hurus, IIutehui->, fn-
ceiM>!I,William Johiwm, Km nun, Knapp,l,aw, l.azeai, Le
Blond, Long, Mnrey,Mcliiide, Mhklleton, WUhnm ll.-Mil
U-r,J:vmes U Mmiv. Nob).-, John O'NeilL Ortll, Pciuileton,
Pru> n, hanniel J. Randall, Jmni"i S. Holl'in*, Ros^, John B.
SteeJe, Stevens, Sdle^, Sweal, VVaid, William^, WiJdei,
and Wmlield-- ll.
NAVS--Messrs. Alteon, Arnold Baxter, Cobb, Cole,
Ore-well, !>,nvef', Dmning. Dimhi, DuggK, Klmt, Kenton,
Cailie|(|,(;ooc|j,(;i iMVuld, Highv, Hooper, Hon hkiss, John
H Hubbard, Jenekes-, Julian, K<-lle\, Litllciohn, Loan,
Longy.'m , MeChng, Samuel F. Mitiri, Mont head, Mom!!.
Daniel Moms Amos Myers, Leonard Mvi-;, Norton,
Ohailes O'Ni'iil, Ale.xaudei H. Rice, John |{. Uiee, Kd-
W.ud II. Bollius. Selietiek,Scolielil, Shannon, Sloan.Simtb,
Snmheis, Thomas, Ti.K-y, Opson', Khhii B. \Vashbntn<«,
V\ illmin 15. Wa-libuin, Webstci, Wilson, Windoin, and
Woodbridye- • f>}.
NOT VOTING — Messjs. James C. Allen, Wiilirtm J.
Alien, Alley. Ames, A neon.i, Andeison. Ashlev, Augustus
O. Baldwin,John I). Baldwin, Beaman,Blaine. Bian, Blow,
B<jiiIWi'!1, Boyd, Biandegce, Piooinall, Jame- S. Biowu,
William C. Biown, Ambiose W. Chuk. Fieeman Oiaike,
Clay, Ciaveii:.-, lleury Wintet Davis, Thomas T. Davi-,
]>oiim llv, Dumont, F.ekh v, i'.diti. 1'mt n-w oilh, Fmek,
Ftaiili, Uaiisoii, Cudei, CiimieJl, Hale, Hall, Hamilton,
ID'u;ek. Holm,in, Af-ahel VV. Ilubbard, iluibuid, Philip
John--on, KalbHeisch, Kassoii, Fmucis W. Kel|o<_nr) < >; i.T.jdo
Kellofir, King, Knox, MaiU.ry. Maivin, MeAll'^ter. Mc-
Dowell, Meindoe, MeKinnev, Mouison, NeNon, Udell,
J'a'ici-on, Peiiiam, Peiry, i'lke, Pomerov. Puc", R niioid,
William H. Randall, Robinson, Rogers^ Scot:, Spaidim'
Starr, Siehbins William G. Steele, Stiouse. Smart. Tba> er!
Van Valkeiibuii£h,Voorhees, Wadswoith,VVhaley, Wheel-
ei, Chilton A. hiic, Joseph_\\ . \\ lute, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Veaaian—-8o.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question recurred upon reconsidering the
vote by which the House lejected ike joint reso-
lution.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved that
the House adjourn.
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to adjourn.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution was rejected was agreed to;
and the question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. If the joint resolution should
not be passed, would it then be in order to bring
up the substitute5
The SPEAKER. It is in order now to move
to reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. PENDLETON. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred on ordering the joint resolution to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WEBSTER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the substitute was rejected.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred on the adoption of the substitute.
Mr. ROSS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The substitute was adopted.
The joint resolution, as amended, was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third tune.
Mr. MORRILL moved the previous question
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays on the
passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 53, nays 48, not voting 81;
as follows:
VUAS - Mc.sms. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Baxter,
Boutwell, Bo)d, Oobb, Oo|e, Cie.-uvell, D.iwes, Daw>on,
Dennntr. Dixon, Diurcs, Eekley, Eliot, (i.ntield, Gooch,
IJigby, Hoopei, Hoiebk^s, John II. Hubbard, IngersoH,
Jeneke.s, Julian, Kelley, Longyear, McCluis;, Mooihead,
Moirill, Daniel Morns Leonaid Myeus, Noitcm, Chailen
O'Neill, I'atfei-on, Peiham, Alexander H. l?iee, John II.
Riee, Edvvnid 11. Rollins, Schenek, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Simthets, Thomas, Tiaev, Upson, Elihu B. VVaslibuine.
William B. Washburn, WelMei, Wilder, Wil .son, Win-
dom, and W'oodbndge—Ttf.
NAYS—Messrs. Bally, Bliss, Biookp, Ohanlei, OofTYoth,
Oox, Dihvmmi, Demson, ICden, Fal^ei ton, Mldndire, En^hMi,
Ganson, Il.udimi, Benjamin O Hams, Chatte* M. Harris,
II melt ins. Will lain Johnson, Kci nan, Knapp, Law, La/.eai,
Le Blond, LiUlejohn, l«on«r, Marc\, Middbton, William
II. Millet, James B. Motiis, Moiri>on, Noble, Udell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pinvn, Samuel J. Uandali, jtobinson,
James ,s, lioiinh, Bosk, Seotield, Jolin B. Steele, William
(.' Steele, Stiles, Sweat, W.ud, Williams, and Winticld
NOT VOTING --Messrs James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Am oiki, Andetson, Ashley, Augustus O. Baldwin,
John I). Baldwin. .Beaman, Bl.tme, Blair, Blow, Bcimh'-
^ee, Bioomnll, .lame* S. Biown, William G. Blown, Am-
biose \\\ ('[atk, Pierinan utaike, (/'lay, (.'tavens, Henry
Wintei Tluunas T. Davis, [ionnelly, Dumont,
l'.unMvoith, I'Viiion, Pinck, l''i.tnk,(iiidei, Grume)), Gn*-
wold, Hale, Hall, Harrington, Hernek, Holm,in, Asahel
W. Hubbaid, Hnlbmd, Plulqi Johnson, Kalbtleisfh, Kas-
son, Kiancis W Kellogir, Oilando Kellogg, King, Knox,
Loan, JMallniy, Maivin, McAllister, McBude, MeDowcll,
Mel ndoe, Me Kinney, Samuel P. Miller, Amos Myeis, Nel-
bon, Oith, Peiry, Pike, Potnrroy, Price, Radford, William
H. Randall, Rogers, Seott, Spafdimr, Surr, Stebbins, Ste-
vens, Stronse, Stuart, Thayer, Van Valkenbuigh, Voor-
he« s, Wadswoith, Wbaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph \V White, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and
Yeaman—81.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the cull of the roll,
Mr. VAN VALKENBORGH stated that he
was paired with Mr. Brown, of Wisconsin.
CONSCRIPTION BILL.
Mr. SCflENCK. I use to a piivileged ques-
tion. 1 e.ail up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate bill (No. 286) repealing- the
commutation clause,&e , was referred to the Com-
mittee on Miiitaiy Affairs. I withdraw the mo-
tion to icconsiuer and report the bill back to the
House. And inasmuch as the subject has been
disposed of in another bill, I move tolay this bill
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF T11E COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. THOMAS. There is on the Speaker's
table a bill-of the House which passed here unan-
imously, and which has passed the Senate with an
uninipoitantamendinent. I ask the indulgence of
the House to take up the bill and concur in the
amendment so that the bill may become a law.
It is House bill No. 305, to restrict the jurisdic-
tion ofthe Court of Claimsand to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermaster
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to the
armies of the United States.
Mr. HOOPER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The House is in execution of
an order to proceed to business on the Speaker's
table, and this bill therefore comes up in its reg-
ular order. The question will be on concurring-
in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. THOMAS. The Senate amendment seems
to be a rather long- one, and I will therefore ex-
plain that it changes the House bill in only two par-
ticular, and I think both are improvements upon
our bill. One restricts the operation of the law to
the loyal States; and the other requires that the
stores, in order to be paid for,shall have been taken
by the order of an officer ofthe Aimy. These are
the only two points of change. 1 cull the previous
question on concurring in the Senate amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The Senate amendment was concurred in.
Mr. THOMAS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in; and .
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
t&ble.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORKKCTION OF A VOTE.
Mr. RADFORD. On the vote conferring a
veto power on the Governor of Washington Ter-
ritory my vote is recorded in the Globe as among
those not voting. I desire to say that 1 voted in
the affirmative.
EDUCATION OF NAVY CONSTRUCTORS.
House bill No. 534, to authorize the Secretary
of the Navy to provide for the education of Navy
constructors and steam engineers, and for other
purposes, was next taken from the Speaker's
table, and the amendment of the Senate thereto
concumed in.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment of the
Senate was concurred in; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agieed to.
WASHINGTON AQUKDUCT.
An act (S. No. 348) to provide for the super-
vision, repair, liabilities, and completion of the
Washington aqueduct.
The bill was read a first and second tim^.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that this is an appropriation bill,
and must therefore have its first congelation in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be re-
fened to the Committee of the Whole on the
state4 of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the rulrs be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to consider the bill.
The House divided; and there were-—ayes 68,
noes 23.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Sciiknck iii the chair.)
Mr, STEVENS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and to take up the bill in reference to the
"Washington aqueduct.
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that that cannot be done; that the
business upon the Calendar must be laid aside
each bill by itself.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well, then. Read the
Calendar, and we will lay them aside one by one.
The Clerk pioceeded to read the Calendai.
president's message.
Annual message of the President of the United
States relative to the condition of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay that aside.
