2556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 30,
product. In the miningsections of thiscountry,
which are now very extensive, the manufacture of
gold and silver into articles of ornament and use is
carried on very largely, there being no incorpora-
tion of other metals with it,nq filling it withspelter
in the center, b.utthejewqlry is ma^e with a lavish
hand; and a very large portion of the,gold, if not
required to be first stamped', being,:qsed in this
wayt '\you]d .escape taxation. My purpose in this
amendment, which was drawn up at my own sug-
gestion at the Treasury Department, bul some-
what incompletely, was that in adjusting and. ap-
plying any taxation that Congress may see fit in
its wjsdpm to apply to the gold and silver prod-
uct of the country, it should be so arranged that
the tax collector and the producer of the precious
metajs should never meet; in other words, to pro-
vide for the tax in as indirect a manner as possi-
ble, and to avoid tfie objectionableness of a direct
tax to be attempted'to be collected from the pro-
ducers of the precious metals.
Senators will remember that nearly a gener-
ation, certainly half a generation, has passed a Way
since the people of the United States began to be
producers from the earth ofgold and silver. Dur*
mg that time they have gone whither they might
in search of those metals, and they have been un-
obstructed by the tax collector, or by the agents
of the Government. Their habits are formed,
an4 wc cannot change them by any law we may
pass here. The people, to whom any law that
we may pass upon this subject will apply, are
far removed from the cenleis of power, far le-
movedfrom the coercive agencies of the Govern-
ment, and any attempt to enforce a provision such
as is contained on the 140th page of this bill
would simply have one effect: it would offend the
entire population of that country to such an ex-
tent as to affect their allegiance to the Govern-
ment. I have no doubt of that. It would im-
mediately be taken advantage of by persons in-
disposed towaid our Government, and it would
be suggested that it was the eostaud price of this
war; that the war was not only being conducted
for illegitimate purposes and wuh illegitimate ob-
jects, but that here was one of its results.
Besides, it will be borne in mind by the chair-
man of the committee that no adequate provision
is made in any part of the bill for the collection
of the tax as proposed and passed by the House
of Representatives. You simply pay your tax
collectors and assessors what tin y are paid for
collecting and assessing other taxes. You do not
increase their number. Thereajlt would be that
it would bo simply impossible; the attempt would
be an futile and as unprofitable as anything in the
world to attempt to collect the tax under the pio-
vision contained in the bill. i\ly object and pur-
pose, if the Government are determined to tax
gold and silver, is that they shall tax them in a
mannei that will be least objectionable to their
producers, and therefore I suggested to the Ticas-
ury Dopaitment that the tax imposed, whatever
it may bu,should be imposed at the mints and
assay offices of the United States, and at the pri-
vate assay ollices established throughout the min-
ing couutiy, licensing those offices, subjecting
them to the surveillance of the officers of the Gov-
ernment, and there deducting the tax imposed.
A small tax imposed, because the expenses of
collection would in that way be small, would be
profitable to the Government. My object in this
piovision relatingto jewelers was to pievent the
absorption of a very largo amount of gold and
silver from the circulation of the country into ar-
ticles that are made for ornament and use of those
metals, without paying a tax. Jf we subject one
man who is a producer of gold to the payment of !
the tax, all men who produce it should be sub- j
jected alike to the payment of that tax. '
Mi. FESSENDEN. The Senator, 1 perceive, ,
docs not exactly understand the bearing of my !
question. 1 suppose that there is all over the J
country a very considerable amount of bullion j
which has been assayed that you cannot get any
tax upon in the way we propose. Now, why
nhould a jeweler, if he has a chance to purchase
that bullion in the market and use it, be prohib-
ited from doing so'
Mr. CONNESS. I have no objection to any
provision that will exempt stock on hand, if you
can identify it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see any waybut
to stake out the provision in regard to jewelcis.
The time will come when there will be none in
market but that which is stamped.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is not correct
in that. There is never a time when the native
gold aad silver are not obtainable in the market.
They are obtainable, and under this amendment
any person may buy them and convert them into
articles of ornament or use. I have no objection
that the provision referred to shall be stricken out,
but I give the Senator from Maine notice that if
it is stricken out a very large portion of these
articles will escape taxation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think, with the chair-
man of the committee, that this particular pro-
vision should be struck out. There is not so large
an amount of the precious metals .that go into
manufactures in California, not as much by far
as go into manufactures on this side, and then
what does go into the manufactures of the coun-
try is assayed metal. They do not take the gold
dust as it comes from the mines, nor do they take
the gold as it comes from the mills, more or lees
amalgamated with quicksilver, and use it, but
they wait until it has gone through the assay office
and is pure gold, and then they alloy u according
to the quality of the article they desire to prepare.
It would be very difficult to apply this provision.
Indeed, now our manufacturers go andget the sil-
ver dollars and half dollars and melt them down;
they pick up old silver and melt it down and pre-
pare it in due form.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to ask the
honorable Senator whether there is any danger,
in his judgment, thata jeweler, or manufacturer
of gold, can take away the gold dust or the raw
gold and go through the process?
Mr. McDOUGALL. He must assay it as a
matter of course, and then it bccomes subject to
taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would it not cost him a
great deal more than it would to purchase the
assayed gold J
Mr. McDOUGALL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. NESMITll. A great deal of it is used
about the mines that it is not necessary to assay;
a very large quantity is used in making breast-
pins, and those pieces are not assayed.
Mr. McDOUGALL, .But that amounts to a
very small item. A man at the mines will take
out a fancy piece and give it to his friend or make
it into a breast-pin.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we undertake to say
that no jeweler after sixty days from tine passage
of this act shall use any gold except what is
assayed, we apply a rule to him that we apply
to nobody else; we say that lie shall not use gold
which is now on hand for his purposes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not think that is a
necessary feature m the amendment proposed by
the Senator from California; and there is another
trouble about both these provisions. As has been
evident fiom the commencement, thp assessment
of this tax is a difficult subject to legislate about.
I suggest whether it is advisabfc to affix a pen-
alty upon the exportation of anything that is in
the form of merchandise. The provision of the
Constitution has been interpreted at various times;
and I am inclined to think it would affect the lat-
ter clause of tlie amendment. The provision of the
Constitution is that "no tax or duty shall be laid
on articles exported from any State." If a tax
or duty cannot be levied on an article exported,
can a fine oi penalty going into the public Treas-
ury, which will operate in the same way, be ex-
ecuted against a party who exports the product
of a State?
Mr. FESSENDEN". I do not see th>~> difficulty.
There is nothing m the Constitution that prevents
Congress from prohibiting the expoi tation of any
article that they choose to prohibit. The provis-
ion is that an expoi t duty shall not be laid.
Mr. McDOUGALL. i am notdisposed to urge
any such objection as that if the difficulty can be
overcome so as to enable the miner to get the
product of his labor to the assay office. L think
that is the object to be gained.
Mr. CONNESS. The object of this provision,
which it has been before suggested to me might
be considered as trenching on our constitutional
power, must be palpable and evident to every
man. If you undertake to tax the mines, to tax
the gold and silver product of the country at all,
you must provide that that tax shall be imposed
upon it in some particular form. Every variation
from that policy .carries you, as a means of ob-
taining the tax,down to the pointwhere it is pro-
duced from the mine.. It is very desirable to avoid
the latter mode. To go then to the proposition
that we have now before us, and tax it in its as-
sayed form, seems to demand that you are at the
same time to prohibit the exportation in any other
form.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will state to the Senator
that that suggestion merely occurred to.me. I do
not urge it as an objection.
Mr. CONNESS, I simply suggest that other-
wise it would go out of the country unassayod,
and you would get no tax.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask whether the
chairman of the Committee on Finance has moved
to strike out so much of the proposition as assesses
a tax upon the manufactured article? Is there
any understanding about that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not made any
motion in regard to it. I was inquiring as to its
effect,
Mr, McDOUGALL. I think that had better
be left out.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, it is rather
an anomalous position for me to place myself in
in the Senate, as an advocate of a tax upon a por-
tion of the people of the State I in part represent
here; but I do feel devoted to filling the coffers of
the Government. As suggested to me the other
day by a Senator not now in his seat, I am for
the Government emphatically; and, as I suggested
before, if you are gomg to tax gold and silver, I
see no reason why you should not tax it equally
to all persons. There is no peculiar burden upon
jewelers or workers in gold and silver if they are
compelled to use the article that has been assayed
and stamped; in other words, the article thathas
paid its tax. A Senatorsuggests to me that man-
ufacturers in gold and silver are already required
by another provision to pay a tax of five per cent.;
but, sir, they impose that tax in every case upon
the consumers of the articles; it is not paid by
them at all. I do not feel that that is a burden-
some tax. Whe n I desire to use articles of orna-
ment, I think I shall be willing to pay for them.
But it must be remembered that the tax, what-
ever we shall fix it at in this amendment after it
shall be adopted, is not like a tax on any article
manufactured. It is an absolute subdivision of
the gold and silver itself. If we shall fix a quar-
ter of one pei cent, as the amount to be collected,
it takes a quarter of one per cent, away that never
returns. If it is to be one half of one per cent.,
it is one half of one per cent, separated from the
whole mass. The same is true of whatever
amount we shall impose. That tax then being a
subdivision apportioning: a certain portion of it to
the Government, would fall equally upon all per-
sons. There is no burden in compelling the jew-
eler to use the gold and silver that has been
stamped and that lias paid its tax. I think it is
but just and fair that it should be done.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this wiie a quc&tion
of interest only to the gold-producing section of
the country, I should not say one word upon it;
but I regard it as one affecting the intmests of
every section of the country. 1 think it is very
apparent to every reflecting man that the value
of the currency of the country can only be main-
tained in two events: one is that we shall produce
in the country in large quantities articles that have
a foreign demand, and that shall restore the bal-
ance of trade in our favor; another is that we
shall encouiage the production of gold from the
mines so as to supply in the channels of trade 111
the country that gold which is being taken away
by two tilings: first, the extravagance of the coun-
try, and, secondly, the fact that the balance of
trade is against us.
I cannot see the propriety in taxing the produc-
tion ofgold. I am againstit entirely. With my
present views on the subject I think it ought not
to bo taxed at all. I think the miner who fur-
nishes to the country J]00 ill gold does a veiy sub-
stantial benefit to the Government as well as to
the trading and producing community. I think
we ought in every way to encourage the produc-
tion of gold. With that view I supported not
long since the bill proposed by the Senator from
Oregon, [Mr. NesmithJ to facilitate the produc-
tion of gold in Oregon and the Territories adjoin-
ing, by establishing a mint m that region of coun-
try. I was controlled ill ray vote upon that subject
