■1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' ^LOBS.
exclusively by this consideration. I supported
the establishment of territorial governments out
there, the establishment of law and courts, with a
view to invite a population there; and we can even
.spare a portion of our population from agricultural
labor if they will only go into the channels of
producing gold and silver. But flow, after we have
adopted a policy like that, to turn around and tax
gold even one per cent., seems to me to be against
the true interest of the Government as well as the
commercial interests of the country.
Mr. NESMITH. I fully concuf in the very
sensible remarks the Senator from Indiana has
made on this subject, and I should long since have
presented a protest against taxing the*productioft
of gold but for the fact that under the peculiar con-
dition of affairs and the great'demands upbn the
Treasury I presumed that that species of industry,
the mining of gold, could not possibly escape some
sort of tax. Ishould only assent to it under any
circumstances by reason of the great pressure anon
the Treasury in consequence of the war. The
bill as it came to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives proposed a tax of five per cent. That
I regard as enormous, one to which the people
would not readily submit. I believe it to be,
however, the determination of Congress to levy
some sort of a tax upon the production of the
precious metals, and so believing I am in favor of
the amendment of the Senator from California,
to nake the proposition as palatable as possible
to the people of my section of the-country. I
'should very much prefer to have the mining in-
terest encouraged and not taxed at all, if it were
possible that Congress would consent to such an
arrangement; but I apprehend from the condition
in which the bill came to us from the other branch
of Congress there is a settled determination to
lay some sort of a tax on that production. I shall
very readily concur in the sentiment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, that there shall be no tax at
all upon the production, of the precious metals,
and l believe that the country, as he has so for-
cibly stated, would be benefited by that policy.
I assent to any tax only because'it is beyond my
power, as i apprehend, to resist it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see the slightest
objection to putting this tax upon gold. The only
difficulty heretofore has been in the way of reach-
ing it. I do not think there is any mystery about
it. It will go out of the country as long as the
balance of trade is against us, whatever may be
the quantity produced. I do not look upon the
miner who produces $100 worth of gold as con-
ferring any greater benefit upon the community
than the farmer who produces one hundred bush-
elsofcorn. Itismerelyaproduct. One is money,
and the other demands money.
Mr. CONNESS. You are treating them differ-
ently. You are not taxing one product'as you
do the other.
.Mr. FESSENDEN". Yes, we do.
There is another argument that applies to the
production of gold. The Government own the
mines. The Government will not sell them, and
there should be some way m which they shall
u rive a revenue from them. Thegreatdifliculty
has been to find out how it could be done. Ptople
go there and mine as much as they please. Gieat
ingenuity has been exerted to find out some way
in which the Government shall derive some sort
of revenue from the land which contains these
mines. After great consideration, this mode is
thought by Senators who represent the mining
region of the country to be the best for the miner
and the best to accomplish the purpose. I have
no doubt the House of Representatives is fixed,
upon the idea that we are to have some revenue
out of this product, and they tak* it in us manu-
factured state. I see no reason why it&houid not
be just precisely as it is upon other products that
go'into the use of the country.
Mr. CONNESS. I agree very fully in most
of the i emmks make by the Senator from Indiana,
hut would suggest to him that that question is
hardly involved now. The gentlemen from the
Pacific slope, where gold is produced, are neces-
sarily deeply concerned about tRis proposition,
not (I will state to Senators here, though I need
not state that) because they are unwilling to have
their people taxed; but being more conscious of
the difficulties that surround it and the uncer-
tainty of mining as a profession and business, and
knowing the burden that a very small tax ap-
parently would be to those prosecuting enter-
prises m mining, these gentlemen, feeling the
weight and responsibility of their position here
and being duly sensible of it, have considered this
question pretty thoroughly. The House of Rep-
resentatives, I undertake'to say, very hastily in-
corporated a very objectionable, impracticable,
and unstatesmanlike provision in the bill as It;
came to us. A scheme is presented ill lieu of
that; but in that the amotiflt of the tax is not fixed;
it is left in blank. When this amendment shall
be adopted in lieu of the;one sent to the table'by
the honorable chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee, by a fair vote of the Senate .we' <5an fill up
that blank and-let the Senate determine how mucn
that tax shall be. I do not feel disposed how to
say anything upon that exact question until it
shall come before us. I hope a vote Will be taken
on the substitution of the one form of amendment
for the other.
Mr. CLA.RKJ When a man goes upon his own
land and digs a quantity of iron ore and takes it
to tire furnace and makes it into pig iron, you
make him pay two dollars a ton for it; but if he
goes upon the Government land, which the Gov-
ernment have reserved, and takes the Government
gold, and has it assayed, then gentlemen object
to his paying a very small percent. I do not see
why the man who takes the gold of the'Govern-
ment d fortiori should not pay ft tax if you tax the
man who takes his own ore and makes it into pig
iron. In some respects iron isa very much more
desirable and more important commodity than
gold.
Mr. HOWE. But if we had a public statute
fixing the price of the iron, could we put a tax of
two per cent, on it?
Mr. CLARK. I do not know that I exactly
understand the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly, if the interruption
is not too long.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the honorable
Senator that the reason why it would be a vastly
greater burden to impose two per cent, or two dol-
lars a ton or any amount upon gold than upon
iron is found in this fact: that no matter what tax
you put upon gold, whether it he little or much,
it adds nothing to the value of the gold. The
value of the gold is fixed. When you add two
dollars a ton or ten dollars a ton to iron, it is made
into railroad iron or some other form and that two
doi: trs or ten dollars is c.haiged to the consumer,
That is the difference. You have but to repeat
your tax of one per cent, or one half Of one per
cent, a sufficient number of times to consume the
product of tiie gold entiiely. Every time you
affix a tax to an article like iron, thatgoes into all
the manufactures of the country, you affix a tax
upon the consumers ofthe articles that are made
out of it.
Mr. CLARK. Let us look a little into this
matter and see how it is. The man who digs the
iron ore and manufactures it into pig iron de-
pends upon what happens to be the maikct for
that article when he gets through. Perhaps it
will pay him for digging a'nd manufacturing; per-
haps it will not. lie may be entirely ruined by
his undertaking, if he has gone largely into it, by
not finding a market. It is very true that if he
manufartuies that which he intended for iron into
something else, and there is a demand for that,
he may dispose of it in that way. But does not
that apply to the manufacture ofgold? Suppose
a jeweler manufactures it into gold spoons or
plate, and finds a market for it in that way. The
miner of gold has thisad vantage: he has a uniform
value for his gold when he has got it, and a miner
of iion has not. The miner of iron is subject to
much greater vicissitudes than the miner of gold,
and the miner of gold in addition digs that gold
out of the Government's own soil.
Mr. McOOUGALL. I desire to make a single
rematk in reply to a suggestion made by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and also
by the Senator from New Hampshire, that this
gold belongs to the Government, and is taken
from the Government lands. The great evil in all
the mining districts of the Sierra Nevada, of Oic-
gon, and Colorado, is, that the Government has
not made provision by which individuals may
acquire the right in those lands and mines. Many
of the wealthiest mining districts m California are
'how tsfeifrg "abandoned Because afeo^ute tigfjttSj,to
them cannot be acquired. Themines of-the be^t
character when discovered cannot secure'foreign
capital, because no ftx'ed price pan be ascertained.
If a man is proprietor of a 'mining interest jin'dhe
dies in California, there is only on,e chance in ten
that his heirs or legatees can obtain any Qut
of their results. Ami valuable mihesiiaVd'jiseii
"abandoned, fend are now unworked,because they
canridt secure the' proper capital. It is nbW soma
ten years ago since the .mining interest"o,'f .Cali-
fornia, and some of the finest mines of Caufprnfe,
the quartz mines, were ruled out of exchange'!}"!
London, no man during to present,lhe stock fqr
the want of a solid basis of right.
I suppose,two .thirds of the area of'California
is what is called mining land. Not an acre of it
has been surveyed. It has not been laid off intp
Sections; it has not "be£i) laid off ititq small par-
cels, so that individuals can acquire rights to it.
They go upon it temporarily and perhaps put up
cabins; they stay there as long as they can. wdrs
with some special advantage; but it is only a place
for a day, or a month, ora-8eason,andihen'tjhey
wander off to other places; whereas if they could
acquire permanent fights they wouTd mak'e their
homes there; such land as was arable they would
turn into gardens; they would employ labor, anci
it would be a benefit to the country.
It is not the fault of the people of California or
of the enterprising miners that those are Govern-
ment lands. They have had no opportunity to
acquire a right to the lands; The State of Cali-
fornia would be twice asstror\£ andV 'icoas pop--
ulous to-day if at an early period, provision had
been made whereby persons seeking rights therfc
could secure permanent and fixed interests.' J
hope to see the day, and that not long distant,
when we shall have titles throughout California
to all the property that is worth the purchase, and
then the Government can assess its charges there
as it does throughout other portions of the coun-
try. Then men will derive regular incomes from
the property they possess. It is no fault of ours
that the lands still belong to the Government.
When they shall have .been surveyed, and men
shall have acquired rights to them, then mining
will be pursued everywhere as a system, as a
regular business, and property will descendfrom
father to son, and the country will be developed
in its mining as well as its agricultural interests.
Much of that mining country is agricultural, but
only here and there do you find a small garden.
There are sections of countiy there that would
sustain large' farms and furnish large quantities
of grain. It is no fault of the people of Califor-
nia or the people of the Pacific coast that this
property is Government property. It would be
much better for them to pay large prices to the
Government and obtain a title which they could
establish and maintain in the courts of the State
and in the Federal courts.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to state, in reply to
what was said by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, that upon all that portion of
gold or silver that enters into manufactures, the
bill provides a tax of five per cent. That is a
very heavy tax on that portion of gold. But it
wilf be remembered that gold and silver differ very
much in that respect from iron, the larger portion
of the gold and silver entering into coin, or the
standard of value. That is not enhanced in value
by being coined except to the extent that base me-
tal is incorporated with it by provisions of law,and
in no other way. We do not complain of the tax
that is imposed, nor shall I complain, no matter
how much it is, upon that portion of gold and sil-
ver that is manufactured. But, as 1 suggested
before, the question of how much the tax shall be
is not involved in the proposition as it is now be-
fore us. 1 hope the vote will be taken on the
proposition now before the Senate, and then we
can proceed to discuss the question of the amount
of the tax.
Mr. DAVIS. The thoughts expressed by the
Senator from New Hampshne were passing
through my mind to some extent before he ut-
tered them. The gold-producing States certainly
render a great service, in the production of the
precious metals, to the Government and to the
people of the United States at large, and there is
every disposition on the part of the Government,
of Congress, and of the people' to uphold and
guard the interests of the mining States and of
