1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
"townships," in line six, the words "or pre-
cincts. "
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I suggest to the gentleman
that he also insert the wordy " election district."
Mr. GARFIELD, I suppose that is hardly
necessary. I propose also to amend, in the sev-
enth and eighth lines, by striking out the words
" with his services" and inserting in their place the
■words " upon his quota." Upon thatamendment
I desire to make a single remark in respect to the
suggestion of the gentleman from Maryland.
We find that in the Senate bill there is no pro-
vision made for such subdivisions as occur in a
good many of the States of the Union. The Sen-
ate bill says simply towns, townships, and wards.
Now, in several of the States there aie no subdi-
visions known as towns at all, and therefore it
has been thought proper to insert the word " pre-
cinct," which I believe will cover the subdivisions
in every State. I believe in Maryland they are
called " election districts;" butl was informed by
Rome gentleman with whom I conversed that the
phrase "precinct" would cover the case ofMary-
land; and if so, I do not wish to incumber the
bill with any unnecessary words. I am informed
that the words towns, townships, precincts, and
wards would cover the case of Kentucky and Mis-
souri, and probably every State.
My amendment now, 1 repeat, is to strike out
the words " with his services," and to insert
" upon his quota."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to amend in the
fifth line by inserting after the word " precinct,"
as inserted on motion of thegentleman from Ohio,
the words "election district." I do not think the
word " precinct" is equivalent to the term " elec-
tion district" in the sense in which ii is used in
Maryland. The term " precinct" is used to des-
ignate the subdivisions of a ward, for instance,
in the city of Baltimore. In all country localities
in Maryland the term is " election districts." In
order, therefore, that the counties mny hove the
benefit of those subdivisions as well as the cities
I move to insert "election districts."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to amend
in the fouith line by inserting after the word
"thereof" the words "or have been transferred
from the military to the naval service as herein-
before provided." I offer that amendment simply
to make the section conform to the action of the
committee heretofore. '
Mr. UPSON. I ask whether that amendment
is at all necessary; whether the object is not al-
ready provided for.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It meets the
case of a person already in the military service
who may be transfened to the naval service.
However, the amendment may not be needed, and
I will withdraw it.
The Cierk read the eleventh section, as follows:
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That all enlistments
into the naval sei vice or" the United States, or into the ma-
rine corps of the United Stat^.lhat may ho liorrat'lPi made
of persons liable to scrvice under the act of Const es-s en-
titled 11 An act for eniollmg and calling out the national
fnie<'>, and for other pinpcHt'v' appiovcd .March 0, 1863,
shall hp credited to the waul, town, or town-inp, or county,
when the t-amo h not divided into vvaicK towns, or town-
ships, ill which such enlisted men were oi may he cutolied
and liable to duty mulei the act aforesaid, undct Mich n>g-
isi.itiom-astlie PiovoitiMiiuhal General of the United States
may piescribe.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend that
section by inserting after the word "township"
where it occurs the words " precincts or election
districts," and to stiike out the woid " or" which
precedes it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Cleik read the twelfth section,as follows:
Sec. 12. Ami he it ftnthcr cnactcd, That no pilot, enjri-
nuei, jnahter-nt-anns, m other pci-on having mi appoint-
ment or actiri<( appointment, and hoinji actually in the na-
val service, shall he subject to nnlitaiy di aft while holding
vucli appointment and founmg one of a chip's complement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words, "or other person," so as to make the sec-
tion conform to the substitute of the committee.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out the
words, "and forming one of a ship's comple-
ment." The le.ison for that is simply this: it
now exccpts men from military draft who hold
such appointments. Wow a man may not form
one of aship's complement; hernay beata navy-
yard as an engineer or as a master-at-arms in the
employment of the Government. If the words
I have indicated be stricken out the section will
then provide for all that was intended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 move to add the fol-
lowing:
And any pilot, engineer, or master-at-arms now in the
militaiy service, or who may hereafter enter the same, by
draft or volunteering, may upon application be transferred
from the Army to the Navy, upon sufficient evidence that
his services aie wanted in that capacity, under such order
as the Secretary of War may direct.
Mr. Chairman, a large number of our western
pilots and engineers are now in the Army. Ap-
plications were constantly made to Admiral Foote
and Admiral Porter for transfer by these men from
the Army to the Wavy. The Secretary of War
said that there was no law for it. He has ordered,
however, such transfers as were absolutely neces-
sary for the good of the service. My amendment
will give authority of law for such a practice here-
after.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the amendment
by adding the words, " provided that the Secre-
tary of War shall so order."
Mr. GARFIELD. That is already practiced
by the Secretary of War every day in the year,
and the amendment is not necessary. Ithasbeen
done in every army I have any knowledge of.
Whenever a man is found who desires to go into
the naval service, and is an able seaman, lie is
mustered out and enlisted in the Navy. The
amendment is not necessary, for the thing is done
already.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope that the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs will move
lhat the committee do now use. it is late, and
we are all hungry and tired.
Mr. SCHENCK. Wait until we get through
with the pending section.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment, in older to say a word
in reply to the gentleman fiom Ohio. I agree with
him that it is and has been the practice to make
these transfers, but the Secretary of War has told
mo that there was no provision of law for it. All
my amendment does is to clothe the Secretary of
War with power to make tiansfers of these men
from the Army to the Navy. It will provide for
doing under the law what is now done without
law. 1 think it proper, and I do not know why
the gentleman should object to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. My only objection to it is
that it will allow the men to get into the Navy by
the way of the Army, and to have these boun-
ties, &c.
Mr. MOOR.IIEAD withdrew his amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. Moorhead's amendment was then disa-
greed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to strike out
the woid "and" and in lieu thereof to insert the
word "or;" so that the section will read, "orbe-
ing actually in the naval service," &c.
Mr. Chairman, military officers in the West
have decided that pilots are in the military service
or in the service of the United States, and they
have, within my knowledge, pressed them into the
naval or gunboat service. If that construction is
given I do not see why it should not be provided
for in this bill. I hope that the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Ohio that the amendment should be amended
so as to leave the exemption to those actually
. employed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Pilots are required to
obtain a license from United States officers; and
because of that fact the military authorities have
decided that they are liable to be pressed into the
service. If the word " and" bestricken outand
" or" substituted, it will accomplish the object I
have in view. If any of the pilots on our western
rivers who may be pressed into the gunboat ser-
vice should be so unfortunate as to be killed while
piloting these boats neither their wives nor chil-
dren would receive the benefit of the laws of the
United States providing for bounties or pensions.
This, it seems to me, is a sufficient reason for
exempting them.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the committee rise.
The committee refused to rise.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ELIOT. I move to amend the twelfth
section by inserting after the words " master-at-
arms," in the second line, the words" acting mas-
ter, acting ensign, or acting master's mate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was about to move that
the committee rise; but if there is any gentleman
who has any other amendment to offer to this
section I will wait until it is presented.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to strike
out the whole section. The reason of my motion
is that there is nothing in the provisions of the
section which guards against abuses. A man may
be in the service a day or a week, and yet by the
provisions of this section we exempt him from
the draft. There are other provisions which, in
case a man is permanently in the service, will
protect him against the liability of being drafted.
Mr. I4A.RNSW0RT|I. I am opposed to the
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to amend the section
by striking out the words " having an appoint-
ment or acting appointment," in the second and
third lines.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a point of order.
It is that we have refused to strike out the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment applies
to only a part of the section, and therefore the
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will bo remembered that
the Committee of the Whole have added quite a
number of persons besides those enumerated in
the section as it was reported by the Military
Committee. Not only are pilots, engineers, and
masters-fit-arms to be exempt, but we have enu-
meiuted other persons who are to be exempt by
having 1111 appointment or acting appointment,
without their being in actual service. The effect
of my amendment is to provide that only those
persons enumerated and who are in the actual
service of the country when the draft takes place
shall be exempt.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to the
amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to amend the
section in lines two and three, by striking out the
words " having an appointment 01-actingappoint-
ment," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" or other persons."
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the words he proposes to insert have
already been voled down.
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand, and therefore he overrules the point
of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have said to gentlemen
upon the other side, and to those who are impa-
tient to have the committee rise, that as soon as
we get through the twelfth section, and read the
thirteenth section, I will move that the committee
rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. The trouble is over the
twelfth section, and we want the opportunity to
amend it. I call for tellers upon my motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ashley and
Mr. Dawson were appointed.
The committee divided; but before the result
was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN said: As there seems to be a
desire to pass this section, 1 will withdraw my
motion.
The amendment was not agreed to,
Mr. HIGBY. I move to amend the section by
inserting after the word "engineer," in the sec-
ond line, the word " or."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, it having already been rejected.
Mr. FARNSWOIITH. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
,, resumed the chair, Mr. "Dawes reported that the
i| Committeeof the Whole on the state of the Union
had,according to order, had the Uniongenerally
1 under consideration, and particularly the bill of
!' the Senate (No. 3G) to amend an act entitled "An
