1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
clause find every letter of it has been violated; and I have
no idea mv.selt'i.'jai it will ever a«aii\, be respected."
As if to "cap the climax," he says:
"I do not share in the "belief entertained by many of my
political luendson this? flooi and elsewhere, tli.it any peace
is attainable upon the basis of Union and reconstruction.
" If the Democratic party were in power to-day, I liave
no idea, and honesty compels mo to declare it, that tkey
could restore the Union of thirty four States. My inmd has
'undergone an entire change upon that subject; am! I now
believe that there me but two alternatives, and they aie,
either an arknowlctlgmeytt of the indeppndeiice of the South
as an indepi'ndent nation, oi their complete subjugation
nud extermination as a people; and oi these alternatives,
Iptejer (he /or?/ier."
Mr. Speaker, those sentiments, so utterly dis-
paraging of the Government of the people, and
so pregnant with political infidelity, were uttered
upon the floor of Congress after the loyal citi-
zens of the Republic had laid upon the altar of
patriotism two hundred thocf&and lives and had
expended untold sums of money to defeat the
machinations of the mightiest conspiracy against
natural and constitutional rights that the world
has ever known. They were published within
seventy miles of the Rapidan, upon whose banks
arc encamped two hostile armies, who only wait
for a few sunny days to prepare the way for a
death-struggle that will help greatly to solve the
long-mooted question whether man be capable of
self-government.
While this Congress, in obedience to the will
of a patriotic people, is heavily taxing every in-
terest in the land to defray the enormous expenses
of the war; while they are, by means of large
public bounties, filling up the wasted ranks of
the loyal forces in the field: yea, now, while
our gallant sons are baring iheir boaoms to the
balls and bayonets of the lebeliious foe, and are
in hourly expectation of the deadly contest, a
voice comes up to them fiom the American Con-
gress: "The war is wrong; it is in violation
of the Constitution. 1 favor the acknowledg-
ment of the independence of the South as an in-
dependent nation." Must language like this go
umebuked, lest, forsooth, we may be obnoxious
to thechuige of abudgnig the freedom of speech r
On the contrary, I hold it to be a criminal licen-
tiousness of speech, which, if not restrained, will
do more to sap the foundations of our Republic
than the armed cohorts of the southern rebellion.
The only safe ci iterion for " free speech" in these
Halls is the old lloman caveat: "See to it that the
Republic take no detriment thereby." it will
not do for a member on this floor to point out in
his speech the way for General Lee to move his
army into Washington under the claim that he
has a right to speak freely. The nature and ob-
vious import and eflect of the speech is subject
to the criticism of the constitutional number of
his feilow-membei s, always and under all cir-
cumstances. The ''illustrious exile," as my
fiiend from the Columbus district calls him, is
<{ wafting and watching over the border" because
he indulged in too much license of speech. And
eo it maist be, fiom the necessity of the case, m
Congress and out of Congress. No citizen can
be peimitted to utter sentiments, in time of war,
that shall distract and dishearten our own soldiers
or strengthen the hands and hearts of the common
enemy.
For these reasons I am in favor of the adop-
tion of the resolution.
Before I take my seat I wish publicly to deny
the allegation in reference to myself which was
read on yesterday from a book sent to the Clerk's
desk by the member fiom New Yoik, [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood.] 1 was represented as having
said in a speech at the Fiemont convention jn
Philadelphia that " the Union might go; no mat-
ter how soon," or words to that elFoct. It is suf-
ficient for me to say that 1 made no speech at
Philadelphia on that, and, I think, on no other oc-
casion. Sure I am that the sentiment imputed
to me was never entertained and never uttered
at any time nor in any place.
So far from advocating or desiring a dissolu-
tion of the Union, I have already during this
Congress assumed the last of the alternatives of
the member from Ohio as my peculiar doctrine:
exterminate the rebels lather than acknowledge
them as an independent nation.
ENROLLED IUJX SIGNED.
Mi. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act extending the time within
which the States and Territories may accept the
grant of lands made by the act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,"
approved July 2,1862; when the Speaker signed
the same.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the
House a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, in relation to an appropriation for the
Navajo Indians in New Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, also, by unanimous
consent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in
reply to various resolutions of the House, in-
formation in regard to armored vessels, their effi-
ciency and capability, and the services which may
have been performed by them, especially in the
operations in the harbor of Charleston; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
PROPOSED EXPULSION OF A MEMBER—AGAIN.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, in consequence
of my absence Friday last 1 did not hear the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Long,] and
therefore cannot judge of the feeling that accom-
panied the sentiments of that speech. After read-
ing it, however, and care fully examining it, I have
come to the conclusion that there is scarcely a
sentiment or a word emanating from that gentle-
man, whom I regard personally very highly, that
I can, as a representative of a portion of the peo-
ple of the United States, in any wise indorse, nor
do I believe they are sentiments such as should
be uttered in this House; for whatever may be
the political prejudices of men, however much
they may cling to parties, however much men
may adhere to that party known as the Demo-
cratic party, or to any other party in the United
States, there is no justification,under the circum-
stances by which we are surrounded, for them to
utter a single sentiment or breathe a word or en-
tertain an opinion or feeling that is detrimental to
the interests of the Government, or in any wise
giving aid and comfort to the rebels in arms. I
have been forcibly struck with the persistency of
gentlemen upon the other side of the House to
throw the wliole responsibility of this war upon
the people of the North, and to charge upon a
certain class of men in the North that but for them
there would have been no war and no rebellion.
There may be a degree of honesty about the whole
matter, but I rather judge there is, beyond the ut-
terances of these men and their professions of loy-
alty to the Government and a determination te
appropriate eveiy dollar and every man to the
subjugation of the rebellion, a purpose and a de-
sign above loyalty, to get the " ins" lather than
hold on to the " outs."
I believe, sir, that if there were no elections, if
there wore no high offices to be filled, if there was
no money to be distributed, there would be a
stronger evidence of patriotism than is manifested
here lo-day. Now, sir, upon every question of
national importance there arc two sides, and I
beg thatgentlemen, while they consider the char-
acter oi one party, and bring out their long bills
of indictment against them, will but remember
that theie is one upon the other side that is as
daik and as black and as damnable as treason, or
hell itself. I arraign that party to-day; I charge
that party with being the chief organ and instru-
mentality m hi ingmg on this rebellion. I charge
that but for them there would have been no war,
and that but for them the crisis would not have
assumed the attitude it does to-day, nor would it
have assumed the magnitude it now has.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fer-
nando Wood] sent to the Clerk's desk yesterday
a lot of paragraphs from speeches of men from
the North to be read for the edification of this
House, and for the purpose of making a political
document. They were from the speeches of four
or five men from the North, proclaiming that
they were in favor of the disunion of this Gov-
ernment. 1 have before me a much larger list of
disuiuomsts—-a list of men who were in high
places, and who have been sworn,solemnly sworn
at the altar of the Government, to sustain the Con-
stitution and maintain the integrity of the Union,
and who, in every sentence uttered by them,
avowed themselves in favorof treason, m favor
of disunion, and in favor of ^ar.
Before proceeding further gentlemen will-allow
me to say that whatever my political opinions
may be to-day, however I may think upon the
questions now involved, I have been in the past
associated with and identified with the Democratic
party.
I know, although I do not personally remem-
ber it, of the time when southern people came&p
to the Congress of the United States asking for
the passage of a law making a line between- the
North and the South, and saying thus far shall
slavery go and no further. I remember well the
condition of the country at the time of the adop-
tion of that compromise in 1820. I remember the
peace that it gave to the country. I remember,
also, that with the exception of a few men at the
North, who were considered fanatical, and who
were opposed to law and order, and who were as
much denounced by the North as they were by
the South, all parties cast their votes almost unan-
imously in favor of that compromise. There
were, it is true, certain fanatics at the South who
hated this Government as much as did these men
at the North, but the people generally acquiesced
in that compromise as a just, a fair, and a whole-
some settlement of the question.
1 remember, Mr. Speaker, distinctly, that in
a convention of the Democratic party, subeer
quent to this time, the great question was agi-
tated whether the doctrine of non-interven^on
should be established as one of the planks of o$r
platform. It was in 1856, or perhaps in 1850,
when that man who is gone to his long home,
and against whom I will say rothing to-day ex-
cepting what the record authorizes me to say—I re-
fer to William L. Yancey—came before the Dem-
ocratic convention and said that all the people of
the South demanded was that the doctrine of
non-intervention should be one of the cardinal
principles of the Democratic party in the United
States. How did that convention act? Thepeo
pie of the North came up and said, " You asked
us for compromise, and we gave it to you. You
ask us now to repeal that compromise, and you
allow the doctrine of non-interventioh to prevail,
so that men from North and South may go into
the Territories with whatsoever property they
may possess." The North gave them that. They
were numerically stronger. They had the elec-
toial votes; and yet with a magnanimity une-
qualed in the history of the country, so far as
politics are concerned, they came up and gave
the South this great right. Then came the diffi-
culties in Kansas, and in Nebraska too. The
South proposed to establish slavery there. The
North proposed that it should not be permitted
to go there. It was an open field and a fair fight.
The compromise line had been withdrawn at the
suggestion of the South by the Democratic party.
And yet, when the Democratic convention met at
Charleston, they determined that they would not
nominate the man whom they had put forward
in Congress to carry out that scheme.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. Do 1 undeistand the
gentleman from Kentucky to include the whole
Democratic party m that remark? And may I
ask him further, if he cooperated with the Doug-
las Democratic party in IbbO?
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Illinois
asks me if I include the whole Democratic party.
1 say no. He asks me if I cooperated with the
Douglas Democratic party in ls60. I say yes.
In acting with that party, I cooperated with the
party whose platform and whose candidate
pledged them to the Union, the Constitution, and
the enforcement of the laws, and to the defeat of
traitors at home and abroad. [Applause in the
galleries.] Because a portion of that party dare
to abandon its platform, as did the southern peo-
ple, and because a portion of that party North
chose to go in sympathy and collusion, and con-
cert with the men of the South who were dis-
posed to break up and destroy this Government,
that was no reason why I, as a Douglas Democrat,
should do it. The moment that I observed, and
that the true men of the country who had before
been Democrats observed, that there was an ef-
fort made at Charleston to divide the Democratic
convention, and to put John C. Breckinridge on
a platform as a sectional candidate South, while
they charged that Abraham Lincoln was a sec*
