3534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 2.
td know what the object is in sending them an-
other resolution of adjournment? They have al-
ready one or more of our resolutions for an ad-
journment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of none
for this particular date that have been sent to the
Senate. Resolutions have been sent proposing
various dates last week for an adjournment. If
this one should be agreed to no* further action
would be required by the House for an adjourn-
ment on Monday.
The concurrent resolution was then adopted.
* Mr. STEVENS. Is it in order now to move
that when we ad journ we adjourn to meet at ten
o'clock on Monday?
The SPEAKER. That would require unani-
mous consent. A motion to take a recess till ten
o'clock on Monday morning would be in order.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr.PERHAM, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on House bill No. 406, supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to grant pensions," approved
July 14, 1862, reported that the committee had
met and had agreed upon certain recommenda-
tions to their respective Houses.
The report was read.
Mr. ROSS. If I understand the report, I hope
it will not be concurred in.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FERHAM. 1 will explain the report.
The House hill provided for the increase of pen-
sions to privates and non-commissioned officers
from eight to eleven dollars a month. The Sen-
ate amended the bill by striking out that pro-
visioned the conference committee recommends
the House to recede and agree to the amendment.
Another provision in the bill is that certain
persons in the service of the United States vol-
unteers not regularly mustered in, shall be en-
titled to pensions. We have in the report of the
conference committee made certain provisions for
that state of things.
The Senate added a section to the bill provid-
ing that the widows and children of colored sol-
diers shall be entitled to pensions upon making
certain proof, the principles of which are stated in
the section. The conference committee recom-
mends that certain amendments be made in that
section so as to guard more completely against
imposition. That was the best arrangement that
the committee of conference could make. The
bill has been regarded as a very important one,
and should be passed now. I hope the confer-
ence report will be agreed to, and I move the
previous question on its adoption.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman from Maine
to withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr.PERHAM. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. ROSS. I certainly think it would be im-
" proper for the House to adopt the report. The
House agreed to increase the pensions to widows
of deceased soldiers and those disabled in the ser-
vice from eight dollars to eleven dollars, it is well
known that that is but a very small increase com-
pared with the increased cost of living. The Sen-
ate struck out that inciease; and the committee
of conference recommend the flouse t« concur
in that amendment, i hope the House will not
do so, but that it will stand by its original action.
It would be disgraceful to the country to leave
the widows and children of the soldiers who fell
in its service subject to penury and want while
Congress raises the pay of the clerks and civil
officers of the Government. I tmst, therefore,
that the House will reject the report, and non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr.PERHAM renewed the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on theadoption
of the report.
Mr. ROSS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. j
The question was taken; and the report of the i
committee of conference was adopted. j
Mr. PER11A.VI moved to leconsider the vote j
by winch the conference report wasadopted; and !
also moved to lay the motion to leconsider on th
table.
The. latter motion was agreed to.
THE OLD GUARD.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to introduce a bill
to which I think there will be no objection. 1
ask that it be read for information.
The bill to authorize the President to raise and
organizeaforceof volunteers over forty-five years
of age, to be called the Old Guard, was read.
It proposes to authorize the President of the Uni-
ted States, at any time hereafter, to accept of one
hundred thousand volunteers for the term of one
year, to be composed of men exceeding forty-five
years of age, of requisite physical ability, who
shall be employed in the service of the United
States for post and garrison duty, to guard lines
of communication, or such other military service
as they may be found suitable for; such force to be
organized and officered as other regiments and
companiesof volunteers, and to be styled the Old
Guard, and to receive, in addition to such pay,
rations and clothing as is now allowed to other
troops in the service of the United States, $100
bounty, one half to be paid when the men are
mustered into service, and the other half when
honon bly discharged therefrom, or at the expira-
tion of the term of service.
Mr. WILSON. Unless the bill provides for a
tax on whisky on hand out of which to pay these
bounties I shall object to the introduction of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bill is not before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am very
glad to see my fiiend from Vermont on the anx-
ious seat. He is very anxious to have this bill
passed, and I hope he will acceptan amendment
which I will now offer.
Mr. WILSON. I object.
WASHINGTON GAS COMPANY.
Mr. STEELE, of New York? I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report back from
the Committee for the District of Columbia Sen-
ate bill No. 336, to amend the act incorporating
the Washington Gas-Light Company, and for
other purposes.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
OLD GUARD—-AGAIN.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to withdraw the ob-
jection to the bill which the gentleman from Ver-
mont desired to report providing for the raising
of an Old Guard. I am satisfied that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means ought to go into the
Old Guard, and I therefore withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. HARDING. I object.
RECORD OF A VOTE.
Mr. LAZEAR, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained permission to record his vote in the nega-
tive on the enrollment bill.
Mr. BROOKS moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House take
a recess until ten o'clock Monday morning.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend so as to say eleven o'clock.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
thirty-five minutes after two o'clock, a. m.) the
House took a recess until ten, a. m.,onMonday.
MONDAY MORNING SESSION.
The House reassembled at ten o'clock, a. m.,
(Monday, July 4.)
THANKS TO THE SOLDIERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, introduced the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved> That before the adjournment of tiie present
session of Consuls, on tins the eighty-seventh anmversiry
of the birth of oui national independence, it h becoming
and proper lor the Representatives of the people to renew
to oui officer, soIdier>. and seamen engaged in the great
straggle lor the suppte.^ion ol the lebclhon again&tour Gov-
ernment our protound and iieaitfeit thanks lot their ser-
vices, our.sympathy tor ilieirsnfffni!^, and to congratulate
them on then  ueees*e-< and their niuinphs, and the hope
ot a bpc'-xly termination of the contest and then letum to
the peaeeUH purMm< oi life.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
1 oiler that resolution not only as an expression
of what I believe to be the sentiments of the Mouse,
but to enable me to congratulate the country on
the successes'and triumphs achieved by our arms,
and the advances that have been made toward the
suppression of thcrebellion since the lastanniver-
sary of our independence. It is but a year ago
that the rebel army, in all its power and strength,
was far north of Washington and invading the
great State of Pennsylvania, threatening its capi-
tal and the great commercial cities of "Pittsburg-
and Philadelphia. The Mississippi river was
still closed, and although Vicksburg capitulated
one year ago, yet the rebels heid Port Hudson,
and the great father of waters did not then "run
unvexed to the sea." In Tennessee, we held
only to Nashville and MurfreesboroLet us now,
sir, contemplate the changes the year has brought
to us in the military situation and let the country
take heart and courage. The Mississippi is now
open, and commerce floats there to-day compara-
tively unobstructed. Though we have lost many
men and much war material in Arkansas and
Louisiana, we now hold as much territory in those
States as a year ago, besides holding points in
Texas that we did not then have. The "hero
of the Mississippi," fresh from his glorious suc-
cesseson that river, snatches victory from thejaws
of defeat atChattanooga, fights a battle above the
clouds, plants his victorious banner on the top of
Lookout mountain, and opens the gateway to
Georgia, the Empire State of the South. The he-
roic and undaunted Sherman, after driving John-
ston and his veteran army for so great a distance
through his own country and capturing Daiton,
Rome, with all of its works and military stores,
and many other towns, yesterday dated his dis-
patch from Marietta, Georgia, eighteen miles from
Atlanta, the great rebel heat t of the Southwest.
Johnston and his army are flying before the in-
vincible hosts of the army of the Southwest.
Where is the great army of Lee now? ' Two
months ago this day, numbering one hundred
and thirty thousand of the best soldiers of the
bogus confederacy, this grand rebel army, resting
in its magnificent intrenchments behind the Rapi-
dan, confronted our forces which were on this side
of that now famous river. Our Army,led by that
child of victory, has advanced from the Rapidan to
the south of Petersburg. General Grant lias driven
the desperate and maddened hordes of Lee th rough
sixty miles of his intrenchments, outgeneraling
him in every movement, and beating him in every
battle. He now holds both Petersburg and Rich-
mond by the throat. All the fight is whipped
out of Lee, and he now cowers in his defenses,
not daring to come out and give battle to that
army ofthePofomac which by its long-continued
and desperate fighting, its persistent and heroic
courage, has made itself a name and a fame that
will live forever in history. The campaign has
been one of the greatest and most remarkable the
woild has ever known. While the country has
been concerned at the magnitude of our own
loss, it seems not to have considered the ap-
palling losses of the enemy. He has lost .sixty
thousand men in killed and wounded and sixteen
thousand prisoners; he has lost innumerable
standards and battle-flags and twenty-three guns.
He has lost twenty-six general officers in killed,
wounded, and prisoners. Our losses in prison-
ers have not been more than six thousand, and
our whole loss, in killed, wounded, and prisoners,
does not exceed that of the rebels. We have
lost but five cuns by capture by the enemy,
though both Wilson and Hunter had to destroy
some fifteen or twenty small pieces to prevent
them from falling into the hands of the enemy.
We have lost seventeen general officers in killed,
wounded, and piisoners. Our forces have de-
stroyed the Virginia Central railroad fiom the
South Anna tonear Gordonsviile, rendering itim-
possible for it to be lepaired for a long time, i
do not consider the reported raid upon the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad as of any significance.
Richmond has now 110 railroad communication
north. We hold the Petersburg and Weldon
lailroad, the great line of communication south
to Wilmington and Charleston.
Wilson and Kautz,two of the most daringand
gallant soldiers in the service, have in their re-
cent daiing and successful raids, thoroughly
destroyed thiity inih's of the Petersbuig and
Lynchburg railroad and twenty-live nule* of the
Danville road, besides destroying three tiains of
cars, two locomotives, and a vast amount of sup-
plies. Hunter, called by the rebels a u fanatic,
