B558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May BO,
the people of the mining States. But this war and
vast expenditures constitute the reason and the
'necessity for the imposition of such enormous
Haketf. If one or two States in their products, in
"their great business,in their principal profits and
income, are to have an'immunity from"the burden
of taxation necessary to sustain the war, it seems
to me ft Would operate prejudicially to the other
StMe's whose Property "and business are charged
With the burden *of Sustaining the' war. l£ you
wotih} Yfad my own State, for instance, from the
burddft o'f taxatio'ri on the most of its property,
'Oleirib'st of its annual income, or the product of
'its industry, it Would'be very slow in becoming
Hvearied with tHi$ war, because it would be ex-
empt very mueh from its burdens. I suppose it
is'so with California, I understand'that the prod-
ucts of the mines average from fifty to a hundred
'million dollars annually, I do not know what
m:ay be the cost of mining, the cost of labor and
machinery, and all the other expenditures of min-
ing; but 1 presume it would be safe to conjecture
that one half of the gross products of the mining
operations would pay for all the labor.
v Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no,'
Mr. DAVIS. It is a matter; that I know nothing
about, and it is one that I feel very incompetent
to act Upon.
Mr. CONFESS. I will state to the honorable
Senator that there is a memorial on the desk which
perhaps states the facts as nearly as they can be
approximately stated, which, when the amend-
ment now pending shall be adopted, and the ques-
tion comes up in iclation to the amount of tax to
be imposed, I shall call for the reading of. I think
it states the case very clearly und succinctly.
Mr. DAVIS. If the amount of expenditure in
Inkling is neaVly equivalent to the gross product
of the mining, I do not think it would be just or
politic to tax the mining operations at all.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think it is greater.
' Mr. DAVIS. Then it is a fit tie curious that
the mining' should be' prosecuted with so much
vigor und energy. I suppose, however, it is 011
the principle of a lottery.
But, sir, I was going to make this romnik in
connection with an idea thrown out by the Sena-
tor from New Hanipshiie. The mines belong to
the United States, ' ifonc ofthose mines belonged
to an individual and another individual was to ob-
trude upon that mine and extract gold from it by
mining dpcrations, the owner of the mine could
recover the amount of the product of the mining
operation from the trespasser without any allow-
ance to him for the cost of mining. I suppose
that the gold in the mines belongs to the United
States. The nature and essence of the product
of the mining is not materially changed after the
mining operation is complete; that is, after the
gold is taken from the mine. It may be purified
in some instances; in others it is dug pure from
the mine; but at any rate its essential essence is
not changed, and consequently the product of the
mining belongs to the owner of the mine. That
is the general law. if that be so, the product of
these mines belongs to the United States because
the mines belong to the United States.
I do not say that lam in favor of imposing any
(ax upon the productof mining. My mind wants
information and light upon that subject. But I
want the whole people of the United States to be
put in a position of equality so far as the burdens
of the war are concerned. Weare engaged in a
great and expensive war, under the burdens of
which my constituents uie becoming wearied, and
greatly wearied. Why5 Because they have to
sustain their proportion of the whole, and that pro-
portion is becoming grievous to them. If the min-
ing States are not subject to the same burden; if,
on the contrary, their industry and the products
and avails of that industry are exempt from these
burdens in an undue degree, they occupy a con-
dition which I think they ought not to occupy,
because they are not made to bear their just por-
tion of the Guldens of this war.
Mr. President, the people of the United States
are getting tired of this war. There is not a man
in the United States but what would bring it to a
close to-morrow if he could upon what he thought
to be an honorable basis; not one. The idea that
the immense flow and expenditure of blood and
of treasure in this war should not produce revul-
sion and weariness in the hearts and minds of the
people of the United States t$ the continuance of
the war is a most absurd, preposterous, and un-
true position. Every man would terminate the
war to-day if he could upon what he would
deem '
Mr. NESM1TH. With great respect to the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, I will state
that that question is not now before the Senate.
.There is a blank in the amendment offered by the
Senator from,California, which is to be filled with
the amount of tax which, sjiall be assessed upon
this mining interest, and when the amendment
now before the Senate shall be adopted, if it should
be adopted, that question will come up for discus-
sion. On that subject I shall probably have some-
thing to say! and I shall be very glad to listen to
the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky, if he
will consent to give way until action can be had on
the amendment now pending, and then his argu-
ment will be legitimate enough on the question as
to the amount to be placed in the blank.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose to conclude in a very
few minutes what 1 have to say on this subject.
It is not my purpose to say another word on this
subject. I do not wish to bo instrumental in acting
any injustice to the miners or to the people or to
the States of California and Oregon, nor will 1 do
it knowingly. I am not prepared to vote at this
time for or against this proposition. I want fur-
ther light and information on the subject.
But, sir, when 1 was interrupted I was making
one or two general remarks. I want the people
of the United States, including the mining States
us well as other States, to bear equally the bur-
dens of this war, and I want them to become
wearied with it, and desirous to terminate it pan
passu, and I know that that disposition on the part
of the people will bo much more uniform if there
is somethinglike a uniformity of its burdens upon
the people of all the States and of all the sections
of the united States. I believe and I have no
doubt that it is because this war is profitable to
the manufacturing States, especially to those that
manufacture the war material and the military
stoics that are necessary to carry on the war, it
is because they find it profitable to their people
and enriching to their States that they do not feel
(he same ivvuUion to the continuance of the war
that the people of Kentucky and of the Northwest
do. If I could devise a system of legislation I
would make the burdens of this war operate
with equal weight and impartially upon all the
people. I would not have the gold of Califor-
nia or Oregon unduly exempt. I do not intimate
that it is; t do not know that it is so; but I do
believe from my conscience that the people of
the manufactuiing States do not meet their full
and just proportion of the grievous burdens of
this war; that is to say, their industry is of such
a character, and is purchased to such an extent
for the consumption of our armies by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, as to make the
continuance of the war, which is so burdensome
and impoverishing to others, profitable and en-
riching to them. If California and Oregon are
in any degree favored in that way I should like
to see that favoritism removed. I have no in-
formation on the subject whether it is so or not;
but as the honorable Senator from California in-
timates to me that the expenses of mining in the
aggregate exceed its profits, if my mind is left
in doubt on that proposition, I would not vote to
impose one cent of tax upon the mining opera-
tions or upon the miner.
I merely make these remarks for the purpose
of eliciting facta and information. I want to vote
understanding^, and I want to vote as wisely as
I can in relation to this most important subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Ore-
gon has suggested that the question which is now
being discussed is not pertinent to the present
debate, and the same suggestion was made by
the Senator from California, who proposes this
amendment. I am not able to see it as those
Senators do. It is proposed by the amendment
to tux gold at some late. They say the amount
is left in blank, and that is to be filled, if no tax
is to be imposed, which would be my view, then
the amendment is not required; nor is the ori-
ginal provision of the bill proper to be left in.
I understand that thegold is disposed of in three
ways: first, a portion of the production of the
mines is exported. It is conceded that we can-
not tax that; that we cannot lay a duty 011 ex-
ports. I do not think we can evade that provis-
ion of the Constitution here by requiring gold to
be stamped with a view to exportation. Another
use of gold to be manufactured into jewelry.
That is already taxed, and I presume every Sen-
ator will concede that five per cent, is a very high
tax. In addition to that, there is a tax upon the
persons who use jewelry. Then the only re-
maining use that can be made of gold is the
change of it into coin; and now it is proposed to
tax that, to reach tljat question in considering
this amendment. I cannot agree to it.
I do not think that the illustrations furnished
by the able Senators from New Hampshire and
Maine meet the objection that I attempted to pre-
sent. The Senator from New Hampshire says
that we tax the labor of the iron miner, and if it
is right to tax him is it not also right to tax the
laborer who produces gold and silver from mining?
I have not looked at this question as a question
between the Government and the miner. I have
looked at it as a question affecting the commeice
and the finances of the country. Gold regulates
the value of the currency; iron does not.
The illustration furnished by the Senator from
Maine was that if we tax the man who produces
corn by the cultivation of the soil we should in
like manner tax the man who digs the gold from
the mine. Corn does not regulate the currency
of the country or determine the value of the paper
mouey, unless that corn becomes an export to
foreign countries and brings into this country, in
return, gold.
Mr. r resident, it has been said, and it is a beau-
tiful expression, that he who made two blades of
grass to grow where one had giown before was
a public benefactor. In view of the condition
of our currency, of our commerce, and of our
Treasury, we may well say that he who produces
$200 of gold where but §100 was produced before
is u public benefactor and a patriot. Certainly
one of the necessities of the Government is that
the value of the paper currency shall be brought
neaier to the value of gold. The distance between
paper and gold is daily increasing; what it may
become none of us can say. It is a matter of alarm
to us all. Whether it is dependent upon the ex-
travagance of the country or the folly«,of the Treas-
ury Department, I do notchoosenow to discuss;
but certainly it is our duty to adopt that policy
which will give a greater value to the paper cur-
rency of the country; and that/is done by in-
creasing the gold in the country.
1 am in favor of that policy which will encour-
age the miner to produce two dollars now where
in past years ho has produced but one. Lot us
add $100,000,000 a year, if we can, to the gold in
the country. In former times it has not been the
true interest of the country, in my judgment, to
increase the gold of the country, it is not real
wealth. It is not a real advantage to a people to
have too much gold. But now we cannot have
too much. The condition of our country de-
mands an immense cuirency, hundreds of millions
where but thousands were required before. The
commerce and the business of the Army re-
quire it.
Then, sir, if to-day we find paper as compared
with gold ut 190, it certainly is the business of
Senators to look to it how we shall bring the paper
and the gold in value nearer together. I am in
favor of everything on our part which shall en-
courage the production of goid and silver. Cer-
tainly for the Government and the commerce of
the country it is a wise policy. That, sir, controls
my vote against any tax whatever upon gold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. - I hope we shall take a
vote. We have already consumed an hour and
a half on this question. If we go on at this rate
we shall not get through with the bill by this time
next year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia, as a substitute for the amendment of the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment as amended.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Before that question ia
taken, I move to fiil the blank in the amendment
that has just been adopted by inserting tiie word
u one;'5 so that it wilt read:
On bullion m lump, ingot, bar, or otherwise, a duty of
one per cent, ad valorem, to be paid fry the assayerof tile
Mine, &c.
