THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
tional candidate North, I then determined to sup-
port Douglas as a national man, and to the prin-
ciples of Douglas I adhere to-day. Sir, 1 reecho
the glorious sentiment* uttered by him, that there
are buftwo parties in this country to-day—pa-
triots and traitors. [Loud applause in the galle-
ries.]
• The SPEAKER pro tempore. Demonstrations
in the galleries, whether of approval or disap-
proval, must be dispensed with. It will be the
duty of the Chair to order the galleries to be
cleared-unless order is preserved.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, in 1856, one Mr.
;Keitt, of South Carolina, who is well known to
■that side of the House, and who has since fig-
ured conspicuously in this rebellion, in Virginia,
made these remarks:
" I tell you now, that if Fremont is elected, adherence
to the Union is treason to liberty. I tell you now, that the
soutliiiru'nian who wiii submit to his election is a traitor
and a coward?*
This specch was fully indorsed by John B.
Floyd,whoafterwards became Buchanan's Sec-
retary of Wat*.
What does that mean ? You talk of freedom
of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of the
press, freedom of action I Listen to the slang of
a vile traitor; a man who would trample freedom
of thought, freedom of speech,, freedom of the
press, freedom of opinion, under Ins unhallowed
and treasonable feet; and yet he is one of the
leadcis of this abominable and damnable rebel-
lion, who would butcher you and me, and make
tins beautiful and glorious country a waste and
a desert.
Following that, Mr. Preston S. Brooks, of
South Carolina, who, in making a speech to his
countrymen, uses this language:
" Wo have the issue upon us now; and how arc we to
meet uf 1 tclt you, lellow citizen.-, fiom tin* bottom oi my
hesu t, that the only mode which 1 think available lot m :et
ins His just to tear the Constitution of the Unilid S tales}
trample it under foot, and JO)m a sout hct ii (onjedei acy, every
Slutcof whiJt, v^iil he ct slavekohlbi  Slule.
J believe tt a?t f stand in the Ue<; of my M.iket, T believe
on my responsibility to )Ou;i*\ out honoird Representative,
that the only hope uj the South i\ in the South, and th^it ttn.
only available meant of inahng that hope efjcitive t's to cut
asunder the bonds that tie us together, and take out separate
position in the family of nation*^ The&e <ue my opinion*-.
They have .tlwa>* been my opinion-.. I hate been a dis-
•uniouist from the time I could think.
" Now, ledow citizens, I have told you v< ry frankly and
Uhdisgun-edly ihat I bWieve (he on/yhopcof the South is m
diss6h ing (he bonds whit ft connect /ts n ith the Co id nmcnl-—
in separating the living body fiom the dead caicass. l! 1 Wie-
the commander ot' an army J neicr would a sentinel
who would not swear that slat ety it right.
" I speak on my individual /e^nmsibihiy. If Ft nnonl
be elected President of the United States Jam Jbr the people
in their majesty luing above the law and leaden, iaUutg the
jiOioer into their own hands, hi/ conceit or not Id/ ton-
ceit and laying the strong arm ofsouthei n ft eemen upon the
Treasury and archives oj the Government.'3
Monstrous idea, unprovoked, unpardonable,
and notonly villainous but superlatively treason-
able; a dismmomst ever since he could think, and
■with infamous and treacherous wotds inculcating
his sentiments among the people, counseling and
advising them to resist by force the laws of the
Government, tear the Constitution and trample it
under foot, and march as thieves and robbers to
the capital of the nation and steal the money of the
people and possess the archnes of the Govern-
ment. And if he were the commander of an atmy
he would never post a sentinel who would not
swear that slavery was right. Then he would
not place as a sentinel my honorable friend from
Ohio, [Mr, Cox,] who, in his speech the othei
day, declared that the Democratic party Noith
was an anti-slavery party. He would not place
him on the wateh-iowcr of the southern confed-
eracy, but would denounce him as a traitor and a
coward, because he was not in favor of the exten-
sion of slavery.
Mr. COX. To what gentleman from Ohio does
tiie member from Kentucky refet?
Mr. SMITH. I refer to you, sir.
Mr. COX. The gentleman misrepiesents my
remarks, and I know he will allow me to correct
him. I never hob] the doctrine here, or at any
time, that the Democratic party was an anti-
slavery party. 1 said distinctly that it was neither
anti-slavery nor pro-slaveiy, but that it was in
favor ot the very doctrine enunciated by the gen-
tleman fiom Kentucky, of non-intervention by
Congress or the Federal Government with that
business, leaving the people of the States and Ter-
ritories the full contiol of their domestic affairs,
The gentleman, I know, would not misrep-
resent me. In that I differed with the southern
secessionists: in that 1 never had any affiliation
with the men-from whom he quotes, and lie is in
the same category precisely that I am m that re-
gard, unless ho has changed his opinion since he
voted against Abraham Lincoln and for John
Bell, who is now in rebellion.
Mr. SMITH. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon;
I did not vote for Bell.
Mr. COX. Then you must have voted for
Douglas.
Mr. SMITH. I did.
Mr. COX. That makes the case stronger
against the gentleman, for he is attacking now
the men who stood by Mr. Douglas here, and
who have been fighting the abolitionists of the
Noith and the secessionists of the South. ' Why
did not the gentleman vote for Abraham Lincoln?
Mr. SMITH. 1 feel, sir, that the spiritof Ste-
phen A. Douglas is hovering around me now, and
that lie is indorsing every loyal sentiment that I
utter. He is saying to the gentleman from Ohio,
<(Woe be unto you; you have departed from the
truth." [Laughter and applause in the galle-
ries.]
Mr. COX. I did not know that the gentleman
was one of the executors of Stephen A. Douglas,
nor do I know by what peculiar authority he
speaks for him.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I cannot yield for
a speech.
Mr. COX. The gentleman has been very kind
and courteous, and 1 would not take the liberty
of making a specch during his time. I only want
to know what peculiar authority he has to speak
for the spiritof the departed statesman of Illinois.
If ho gets it from any peculiar relations he held
with judge Douglas, I would like to know it. I,
sir, have mdoised the doctrines of Mr. Douglas
in times of peril here, when the gentleman was
not here to assist us. { made the first speech in
this Hall against these secessionists, backing him
upall the hme. 1 have never departed fromthem,
and the jrenth'inan knows thai; and when he rep-
resents me otherwise he does not represent me
fairly, or those Demociats who parted with the
southern men for the purpose of holding the Gov-
ernment together by alt the means m then power.
Mr. iSMlTti. The gentleman asks inc by what
authoiity 1 can state that I am in communication
with the spirit of thiMleparted Douglas. I under-
stand from the good Book that all good, honest,
and liberal spnits communicate with one another.
I believe in the doctiine; and 1 believe also that
there is an impassable gull between the good and
the bad, and hence 1 am not suipiised that the
gentleman has never heard from Stephen A. Doug-
las since he depaitcd. [Laughtei.]
Now, sir, 1 come back to the question. 1 do
not intend to misiepiesent my fnend from Ohio,
foi he is a good and amiable gentleman, and I like
him much. 1 tiled m 1SG3 to meet him on the
stump m Ohio, when lu  was canvassing for Mr.
Vallandighnm, when I was speaking forBrough,
in order that 1 might stop him in his mad career
and bung him hack to the truth. But he was so
swift I could not overtake him. Sir, I understood
him to say clearly, in the speech he made the other
day, that the Democratic patty Noith was not a
pro-slavuiy party. I so understood him, and I
ask him now if I do not quote ium correctly.
Please answer yes or no.
Mi. COX. 1 said it was neither anti-slavery
nor pro-slavery.
Mr. SMITH. All! Mr. Speaker, I see that
same old Democratic spnit is m him. He is dis-
posed to dodge on all occasions, and you cannot
bun^ him up to the point.
Now, sir, whatever has been, or may be to-
day, the opinion of that party at the North, I
know what the opinion of the southern Democ-
racy has been for years, and whatits allies at the
North aie to-day. In 1856, Mr. Butler, of South
Carolina, said:
" When Fremont is elected we mii^t rely upon what we
have. good State government. Every Govetnoi ot' the
i South should eali tin Legislating of Ins State together,and
have meu-utus oi tin- couth decided upon. If they uid not,
and$iJ nit to the dcgiudahon, Uiey would da>ci ve the fate of
slaves, Ishould aduse my Legislature to go at the tap of a
drum.'''
This man held a high place in the councils of
the nation. A SenatorfromhisStatein Congress,
and yet with bold and defiant words advising re-
sistance to his Government and the secession of
his State.
Notonly did Representatives of the South thus
speak, butthepapersof every description taught
their treason. Listen to the language of the
Charleston Mercury, the recognized organ of the
South Carolina Democracy. It says:
" Upon the policy of dissolving the Unypn, of separating
from her northern enemies, and establishing a southern
confederacy, parties, presses, politician?, and people are a
unit. There is not a single jiublic man in her limits, not one
of her present Representatives or Senators in Congress who
is not pledged to the lips in favor of disunion.3'
All the members of Congress in the Senate and
the House pledged as far back as 1856 to dis-
union, and sworn to it.
Again, sir, during the presidential campaign of
1856, the Washington correspondent of the New
Orleans Delta wrq^e as follows:
It is already arranged in the event of Fremont's elec-
tion, or a failure to elect by the people, to call the Legis-
latures of Virginia, South Carolina, and Georgia, toeoticert
measures to withdiaw from the Union before Fremont can
get possession of the Army and Navy and pur e-strings of
Government. Govetnoi Wij-c is already actively at work
in the matter. The South can rely on the President in the
emergency coutemplated."
Who was President at that time? Franklin
Pierce,.of New Hampshire! And yet this writer
says they can rely upon the President in the event
that Mr. Fremont is clected to seize the Treasury
and the archives of the nation, and involve this
country in civil war, secession, and rebellion. I
have read the evidence against you.
Butagain, Judge Daily, of Tennessee, advising
the dissolution of the Union, said:
"Dining the presidential contest Governor Wise had
addressed letters to ail the southern Governors, and the
one to the Governor of Florida had been shown him, in which
i Governor IVise said he hud an army in readiness to prevent
FtCmont J) out tahing hit seat if elected, and asking the co-
operation of those to whom he wiotc."
Now, where are the men who spoke of freedom
of thought, of freedom of the press, and freedom
of action? Here are the men who denounced it,
and who allege that if the American people shall
say that this man or that man or the other man
shall be President of the United States then will
they go into rebellion, and then will they sever
every tie that has bound them to the Government
of their fathers. Is that anything less than the
suppression of free thought, free action, and the
constitutional right of the American people to be
governed by the men of their choice? It has been
the great theory of the American people, up to
this time, that whenever we elected a President
the minority would submit. When the Demo-
cratic and Whig parties were in vogue, if the
Whig party succeeded the Democrats always sub-
mitted , and if the Demociats succeeded the Whigs
submitted. But now we arc told by these gen-
tlemen that this thing has been brought upon us
by the abolitionists ofthe North; that but for the
abolitionists these questions would never have
been sprung upon us; that Chase and Seward
and Fremont and Lincoln were abolitionists, and
theiefoir sectional men, and theiefore thatneither
of them ought to be permitted to take thepiace of
Chief ExeeiUiveof the Amencan nation. If they
are abolitionists, what made them so? Before I
answer Unit question allow me a word. These
gentlemen say that the abolitionists prolong this
v, in, and if there hud been no abolitionists there
would have been no rebellion. Admit that. Then
if theio had been no slavery there would have
been no abolitionists, if slavery is the cause of
abolitionism, and abolitionism is the cause of the
tebellion, then slavery is the cause of the rebel-
lion. I say to you, sir, I say to this House, I
say to this countiy, that 1 believe as solemnly as
lam standing here to-day that slaveiy is the cause
of this wai, and consequently I am for removing
that cause. [Loud applause in the gaileiies.]
Mr. VOORHEES. I tiust that the present oc-
cupant of the Chair will not any longer attempt
to deceive the House by his calls to order. _ No-
body can be deceived in that way. The side of
the House to which I belong is sick and tired of
the pretenses of the person who now occupies the
Chair to keep otder.
Mr. GR.1NNELL. I call the gentleman to or-
der. He has no ught to reflect upon the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
fiom Indiana is not in order, and will take his
Mr. SMITH. I hope,sir, if I have any friends
