1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1583
in the gallery they will keep their feet still and
thou- hands id their pockets till I finish my speech.
1 charge upon the Democratic party that while
it was in power, und while it controlled the des-
tinies of this nation, it initiated this rebellion. And
in addition to theevidence already adduced, I will
cite a paragraph from a confederate paper, pub-
lished in Alabama, winch says:
" No one can be deceived as to what aie the objects of
the Cliaileston convention. Lie-ten to what their nn;n say:
<(t t want the cutton ►States precipitated into a revolu-
tion.'— JV. L. Yancey,
<l 1 U i had the powci I would dissolve this Government
in two nunutes '—J. T- Moigan.
" ' Let us bi-'ak up tins lotten, stinking, and oppressive
Government.'—George Guyle.
<e 1 Resistance t resistuneo to death against the Govern-
ment is what we want now.'—David Hubbard
There can be no misunderstanding' of this lan-
guage, and how earnest they were lias only been
proven by the troubles, secession, and war of the
last three years and now.
But further, sir. Mr. Curry, of Alabama, a
member at that time of this House, with the oath
'warm upon his hps to suppoit and defend the
Constitution and Government, said:
a However distasteful it m.iy be to my friend fiom Now
H<unp>hiie. [.Mr. Clauk.] iiowevermucli it may icvolt the
public m ntiiiicut or conscience of tins country, I am not
ashamed or alidid puldicly to avow that ihc election of
William FT. Sewaid. or S.tlmnn P. Cli.i^e, or nny other such
ropie^ontative ot the Republican puitj, upon a sectional
platlotm, ougut to lie ieM>ted to tliedisiupuonof eveiy tie
that ImitN tin-! Conh'diM.iey totretlici."
All thu'Piesidents ftom tho organization of the
Government had been of the Demoeiatic party
with but few exceptions; all of Congress for nearly
the whole life of the country had been m the posses-
sion and control of this patty; the courts and all
the foreign nuniyteis, together with the tremen-
dous pationag^: yet with all this, and while all
these men to whom f have referred, with hundieds
ofotheis, were here and over the Worth and South
making their vile and lebellious spetchus, then-
ideas of the liberty of speech und the press and
the laigest liberty of debate, now so eloquently
reflected by the fragment of (hat patty here,
never admitted or dreamed of admitting the can-
didate for the Piesideuey, Mr. Fiemont, much
less Sewaid, or Chase, or Lincoln , or any other
man of then political faith, to any of these privi-
leges they now so loudly claim, anywhere south
of Mason and Dixon's line. No, sir, freedom of
specch and the press was hushed in that section of
country and attempted to be beaten down here in
the Capitol of your nation. lint the time is com-
ing and fast appt oaehing when, thank God, there
will be all over this land freedom of speech, of
the press, and tho largest liberty. Mr. Fremont
was defeated, Buchanan elected; this gave the
party four years' time to prepaic for the more
perfect disnu mbermuit of the Government, upon
which they had already determined. With the
electiun of Mi. Buchanan thei e was acquit see nee
on the part of Wliig^s, Americans, Itrpubhcans,
and Abolitionists; no foils were Liken, no States
seceded, no mints robbed, no soldiers of the Re-
public held as prisoneis and enemies, no citizens
slaughtered or imprisoned. No, sir, noteven did
those men referred to by the gentleman from jNc w
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] as disunionists
raise an arm or offer the slightest resistance.
Baton the other hand, how different in I860,
when another presidential election took place,
and one which icsulted m the election of a man
not more sectional, but far more patriotic (L beg
pardon for the comparison') f hnn the favorite can-
didate of the South, John C. Brecknu idgo. Long
before Mr. Lincoln was inaugurated President
of the United States, ay, on the very day it was
announced to the American people that he was
elected President, it was telegraphed from youth
Carolina to Washington that the secession of that
State was a fure^oie* conclusion. Not only that,
but Decernbei 20, 1660, South Carolina seceded;
January 7, 1SGJ, Florida seceded; Mississippi
went out January 9; January 11 Alabama se-
ceded; on the 16th of the same month Louisiana
scccded; Georgia on the 18th of January: Ar-
kansas May G; North Carolina the 21st of May,
and Tennesssee the iday of May ; Texas Feb-
ruary 5; VirginiaApid 17. Look atthis recoid,
gentlemen, and blush foi the party you claim to-
day to he the only salvation lor the country, and
the action the leaders induced the people of the
States to take, nearly ail of them before Mr. Lin-
coln was inaugurated.
But let us go further and see what these south-
ern people did while they yet had all the power
in the Government, the Treasury, archives, Army
and Navy. These States went into rebellion on
the days i have given, and began their deeds of
capture and plunder, as was their plan. January
2, 1861, South Carolina troops took possession of
Fort Johnson; Fort Pickens December 27, I860.
This fort cost the Government $53,809. Anderson
was compelled to evacuate FortMoultrie Decem-
ber 2G, 1800. January 3, 1861, Foit Pulaski, in
Georgia, was seized, costing the Government as
itdid ^988,859. Fort Jackson, costing the Gov-
et nnient $183,000, was occupied January 3,1861.
Fort Clinch, Amelia Island ,Flonda, cost $170,000 
in January, 1861. Fort Mai ion, St. Augustine
Island, Florida, January 7, 1861, cost $51,000.
Foi t Barianeas, Pensacola, January 12,1861. Fort
Mellae cost $444,426. Perisacolaseized January
12, 1861. Fort Morgan seized January 4, 1861,
cost $1„242,552. Fort Games was seized January
4, 1861, cost $221,500. Fort on Ship Island Jan-
uary 20, 1861. Fort St. Philip, near New Or-
leans, seized January 10, 1801, cost $258,734.
Foit Livingston, seized January 10, 1861, cost
$>362,379. Fort Brown, Texas, March 5, 186J.
Foit Smith, Arkansas,taken Aprii21,1861, with
stores, &c., valued at $300,000. Nearly the whole
of this unlawful and rebellious work had been
done while the Demoeiatic party was in power.
The then President of the United States, as
abominable a ti aitoi as ever trod God's footstool,
held that no State had a light, to secede, but that
there was no power under the Constitution to
eoeiec a State that did secede. He thus fulfilled
the prediction ofBrooks,ofSouthCarolina, when
he said that Pieice would conform to their wishes
and let them go.
And not only that, Mr. Speaker, but while he
was President ot the United States and had his
Cabinethete to maintain the Constitution anden-
foice the laws, he allowed that man Floyd to steal
from the Government of the United States over
seventy-five thousand stand of arms, and to dis-
tribute them throughout what now constitutes the
"southern confederacy.Seventeen thousand
were sent to Chai leston, twenty-six thousand nine
hundred toNorth Carolina, twenty-two thousand
to Augusta, Geoigid, thirty-one thousand to Ba-
ton liouge. lie had distributed the arms all
through the South. Ho had sent our Army out
to Utah to " subjugate" Bngham Young because
he had forty-five wives moie than he had. And
so it was with the Navy. Our ships had been
distributed overevery ocean, sothat when the act
of secession came we had neither Army nor Navy
to bring these men back to obedience to the laws.
And yet men rise upon this floor and declare that
these ate merely erring brcthien, and the only
way to bring them hack is, in the language of
the gentleman fiom New Yoik, [Mr. Fernando
Wood,] by peace, gloi lous peace! Go, if you
j pl< ase, to the battle-holds of Getty.-buig, of Chat-
tanooga, of Cluckamauiiu, of Shiioh, of Do nelson,
ot Chuneellorsvilie, and Fredericks!utrg, and there
count the hundiedsot thousands of'graves of men
from New Yoik and Pennsylvania, and from all
the loyal States ofoui coui!'ry5and weepni shame
for the uUeiance here of sentiments m favor of
Heating with the men who lm\e thus buteheied
your sons and biotheis with malice and piemed-
i tation.
Sir, men talk about reconciliation with the South.
Why, sir, v.'hen ever you have spoken of leeoneili-
utiou they have scorned your advances. When-
ever a southern man has dared to utter a sentiment
of loyalty to the Government of the United Slates
lie has been driven out, naked and homeless, to
find a shelter only among those who are loyal to
the Constitution. Go count to-day the hundreds
who lurk in the mountains of East Tennessee, try-
ing to escape from the guemllas of ilie southern
confedeiaoy. Go ask your Maynard, who stood
on this floor in advocacy of the Government and
the Union, and the enforcement of the laws, and
the protection of the rights and privileges of the
southern people, how he was driven fiom his home
and hunted by blood-hounds—ay, by hell-hounds
—to bring him, as they said, to justice for thecom-
fnission of treason against thisodious and damna-
ble rebellion. Go ask the old granusires who have
been driven out naked and hungry from their hum-
ble homes upon the hill-sides and m the valleys,
what story they have to tell of this "southern con-
federacy," and its sympathizers and minions in
the North. Go ask them of all the crimes that
have been committed against them, then come with
that long catalogue of crime and infamy, and ask
me to take counsel with or to recognize those mea
who would propose their recognition! And yet
the gentleman from Ohio, in all his long speech^
and with all his denunciation of Abraham Lincoln
and the policy of his Administration, had no w.ord
to inter against the man who now sits at the head
of the southern confederacy, and who issued his
proclamation saying that if within forty days the
people of that country did not come within the ju-
risdiction, obey the laws of the " southern confed*
eraey," and take the oath of allegiance to it, then
their property would be confiscated,and they must
leave the lines of the " southern confederacy.'*
Not a word was uttered against him when he ut-
tered his sentiments on the report of the commit-
tee of thirty-three, composed of abolitionists, if
you choose to cali them so, proposing to amend
the national Constitution in such way thatslavery,
that vexed question, should be confined to the
States and nevermore interfered with, and that the
Constitution in that respect should be unamend*
able. These men of the South rejected these over-
tures and spurned their offer, and in choosing; re-
bellion in preference to thiseompromiseand union,
they found men at the North who sympathized
with them.s My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr.
Cox] electioneered for, all over the State of Ohio,
and indorsed the gentleman who declared upon
this floor by lesolution that he was in favor of
dividing this country into four pails. I remem-
ber to have heaid General Sigel, the gallant Ger-
man who is now in command in West Virginia,
say in a speech in New York, "The only solu-
tion 1 can give to the matter is, that he wants to
divide the country into four Meetle empires 5 that
he may be 1 leette emperor' of one of them."
[Laughter.]
Now, Mi.Speaker, I have no friendship what-
ever for the political opinions of the gentleman
from Ohio on my loft, [Mr. Long,] but I have a
high regard for him pctsonaiiy. 1 think he is a
very clever gentleman. He made his speech in
my absence, and he made it from my seat, sir.
[Laughter.] lie left his own seat where he con-
cocted all the badness that is in that speech, and
all that was in it that is abominable, and came
over to my seat to utter it. IVas there ever such a
desecration of a loyal seat on the face of the earth ?
[Laughter.] And he not only took my seat in
my absence, but he refeired to me as one who,
having been once in the Army, had very willingly
and anxiously resigned my position in the Army
to take a scat in the Congress of the United States;
and he not only referred to me but to other gen-
eral officers now on this floor. Sir, 1 did resign
my position m the Army to take a seat heie, and
1 did it for the mason that the loyal people, the
war people of my disliict, sent me here. They
knew that the Cincinnati district in Ohio might
! send heie a man who would not favor a suppres-
| sion of the rebellion, and hence they sent me to
j counteract his influence, and, thank God, I have
been willing to do it. The gentleman says that
1 was willing, more than willing, to quit my place
m the Army to take a seat in this House, and in
another place he says that he is willing to pour
out his life's blood for the salvation of this Union.
How much blood did he ever spill r Not an ounce,
not a drop. He never heard a cannon fired. He
never saw a battery in the field in his life. When
he has been m the field for two years and a half
as I have been, it will be time, and only then the
time, for him to talk about saving this country
with his life's blood. Pie says also that these men
are peculiarly anxious to be reelected to the Con-
gress of the United States. 1 am inclined to think
that the loyal people of Cincinnati will not be
anxious to piolong his congressional career, for,
having twice since his election repudiated the doc-
ilities upon which he stands, they will send an-
other and a better man in his place.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have been an observer,
to some extent, of the history of this war and
the position gentlemen have taken; and I desire
to say now that 1 have come to the conclusion
that the members from the North who, in spite
of the taunts and jeers and insults that have been
heaped upon them by this southern confederacy,
still pander to the interests of the South, and are
not to-day willing to subdue it and bring it back
