1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but a fighter," in his recent expedition achieved
great success, going it absolutely wild, capturing
istaunton with all its vast depots of supplies, tak-
ing Lexington, the residence of the rebel ex-gov-
ernor of Virginia, John Letcher, and burning the
military ifistitute there, a hateful nursery of trea-
son. He tore up railroads, burned their bridges,
cut the canal, destroyed barges containing ord-
nance and ammunition, and inflicting irreparable
damage upon all the country. Every railroad
running into either Richmond or Petersburg is
now cut off, and the Richmond papers say no
trains of cars are running out from the city. Pe-
tersburg is substantially at our mercy to be shelled
and destroyed, and both that city and Richmond,
short of supplies and their communications cut,
must soon succumb. Lee's army, powerless for
attack upon our brave troops, short of necessary
supplies, must soon be cooped up for eventual
capture or make its way south toward the Caro-
linas. Our troops are in the highest spirits, full
of hope and courage, and every man confident of
success. The whole militaiy situation never
looked more promising than at present, and I be-
lieve we are now rapidly approaching the tri-
umphant end of the great struggle. This Con-
gress has nobly accomplished its duty. With all
the necessary legislation passed, with the certain
prospect of filling up the ranks of the Army, with
the patient and trusting patriotism of the people,
all loyal men can now look forward with hope
and faith. The firstsession of the Thirty-Eighth
Congress will adjourn under favorable auspices.
Returning to our seats on the 1st of December, as
I hope we all may, I trust we shall see the rebel-
lion crushed, peace restored, and the country re-
generated and disnitlualled.
The resolution was unanimously adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Forney, their Secretary .notifying the House
that the Senate have passed without amendment
a bill and joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 4GX) for the relief of John
C. MoConnell; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) imposing a
special income duty.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the con-
current resolution of the House providing for an
adjournment of the present session of Congress
on Thursday, the 30th of June, with an amend-
ment striking out " Thursday, the 30th of June,"
and inserting in lieu thereof " Monday, the 4th
of July;"' in which amendment ho was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have adopted a resolution
providing for a suspension of the 16th and 17th
joint rules for the remainder of the present ses-
sion; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate have agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the disagiee-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House (No. 406) supplementary to an actentitled
"An act to grant pensions," approved July 14,
18G2.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, the message of the Senate stating that the
Senate have amended the concurrent resolution
passed by the House so as to fix the date of
final adjournment of the two Houses of Congress
at twelve o'clock, m., Monday, July 4, instead of
Thursday, June 30, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and the amendment of the Senate concurred
in.
SIXTEENTH AND SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULES .
On the suggestion of the SPEAKER, the mes-
sage from the Senate announcing; the passage of a
concurrent resolution by the Senate suspending
the 16th and 17th joint rules for the remainder of
the piesent session was taken from the Speaker's
table.
The 16th anil 17th joint rules were read, as fol-
lows:
" 16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall he sent
for coiicimiMiee lo thcnthei on either of the last three days
of the session.
17. No bill nrie-oluiion that shall have passed the House
ofRepicsontiitives mid the Senate shall hi' piesenteil to the
President of tin: United States for his approbation on the
last day of the session."
The concurrent resolution was adopted.
ACCOUNTS <?F JUSTIN HARLAN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting the accounts of Justin
Harlan, Indian agent within the southern super-
intendcncy, for the first quarter of 1864; which
was laid on tha table, and ordered to be printed.
"WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I ask the consent
of the House to report back from the Committee
for the District of Columbia Senate bill No. 336,
to amend the act incorporating the Washington
Gas-Light Company, and for other purposes.
Mr. PATTERSON. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to say
that I am instructed by a majority of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to report the
bill back
The SPEAKER. It is not in orderexccptby
unanimous consent.
BUSTXKSS ON T1II3 SPEAKER'S TABLE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
KICHAIiD 0. MUItPIIl.
Senate bill No. 346, for the relief of Richard G.
Murphy, was taken from the Speaker's table,and
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the repayment to Major Rich-
ard G. Murphy of the sum of $1,800 for amount
paid by him as agent of the Sioux Indians on false
vouchers transmitted to him by Willis A. Gor-
man, late superintendent of Indian affairs for the
northwestern supermtondency. The bill also di-
rects suit to be commenced against W. A. Gor-
man lor said amount wrongfully taken from the
Treasury.
Mr. KERNAN. Can the Committee on Indian
Affairs give us any information about that bill ?
Mr. W1NDOM. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have thoroughly examined that bill, and
they are unanimously of the opinion that it-ought
to pass.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. W1NDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
* SUBMARINE INVENTIONS.
Senate bill No. 343, making an appropriation
for testing submarine inventions, was next taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a fust and
second time.
The bill appropriates $25,000 for the purpose
of testing the value of submarine batteries and
other submarine inventions, to be expended un-
der the direction of the Secretary of the Navy.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF DELEGATE.
Mr. McBRlDE asked consent to submit the
following resolution:
Rcsolred, That the Cleik of the House pay out of the
conungoin lund of the Jlou^e to the Delegate ftom the Ter-
ntoiy ot Idaho the ^um of $220, being the amount deducted
ftom his -alary on account of absence from the House oc-
casioned by the time necessarily employed m travel fioin
Malm to Washington.
Mr. ENGLISH objected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills and joint resolutions
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 534) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to provide for the education
of naval constructors and steam engineers, and
for other purposes;
An act(S. No. 346) for the relief of Richard
G. Murphy;
An act (H. R. No. 305) to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims,and to provide for the
payment of certain demands for quartermaster's
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to. the
Army of the United States; , •
An act (H. R. No. 510) further to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels; -*
An act (H. R. No. 549). further to regulate and
provide for the enrolling and calling out die na-
tional forces, and' for otner purposes? - i
Joint resolution (H,. R. No. 119) explanatory
of a joint resolution relative to pay of staff'officers
of the Lieutenant General; *
An act (H. R. No. 244) to guaranty-to certain
States whose governments have been usurped or
overthrown a republican form of government;
An act (H. R. No. 406) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions," approved
July 14, 1862;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) imposing a
special income duty;
An act (H. R. No. 461) for the relief of John
C. McConncll;
An act (S. No. 348) for the supervision, repairs,
and completion of the Washington aqueduct;
An act (S. No. 24G) for the relief of seamen and
others, not officers, borne on the books of vessels
wrecked or lost in the naval service; and
An act (S. No. 138) to regulate proceedings
between landlord and tenant in the District of
Columbia.
CHANGE OF DilE.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the House having on Saturday taken a recess
until this morning instead of adjourned, this is in
fact a part of Saturday's session, and_ inasmuch
as there may be a discrepancy of dates in the busi-
ness of the two Houses, if there be no objection
the Chair will direct that the entries of this morn-
ing's pioceedings be made on the Journal as the
4th of July instead of the 2d.
There was no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
there he no further business transacted by the
House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order by
unanimous consent.
Mr. ECKLEY. I object.
NEVADA IIALF-BREED SCRIP. .
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of the preemptors and
locators with half-breed scrip in Nevada Terri-
tory; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Pubjic Lands.
JOIIN J. MICHIE.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the Private Calendar
from -the further consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 338) for the relief of John J. Michie, of
New Oi leans, Louisiana.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 object.
PAY OI? DELEGATE.
Mr. McBRlDE. The gentleman from Con-
necticut now withdraws his objection to the res-
olution which 1 asked consent to offer a few
moments a£o to pay the Delegate from Idaho the
amount deducted from his compensation in con-
sequence of his absence from the House, while
on his way here. I now ask that the resolution
may be received and acted upon.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will say that when I ob-
jected to the resolncftn of the gentleman from
'Oregon I did it on the supposition that (he Dele-
gate might have left the Territory in time to have
been here at the beginning of the session. 1 un-
derstand, however, that he was not elected nntil
the beginning of October, and that he started im-
mediately, on being notified of his election, for
the capital. Under this statement of facts 1 with-
draw my objection to the resolution.
There being no further objection to the resolu-
tion, it was received and adopted.
Mr. McBRlDE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. WEBSTER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint tesolutiou granting additional
compensation to the employes of the two Houses
