* 1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ Mr. CONNJ2SS. ; .Will an amendment to that
amendment be m-order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The Chair thinks it would.
Mt. CONNESS. Then I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Maine by insert-
ing " one half of one" in lieu of " one" per cent,
as proposed by him; and upon that I call for the
reading of a memorial presented to this body and
th,e House of Representatives by the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of Safi Francisco; and also
a very brief telegraphic dispatch that I hold in
my hand, sent to me by one of the judges of Ne-
vada Territory, who presided at a public meet-
ing in Virginia City, in that Territory, on this
subject of taxing the gross product of the mines.
I will state, also, that I have in my possession a
very extensive correspondence on this matter,
both by telegraph and by letter. I shall not in-
trude it on the Senate, being oYily desirous to have
as much read as will give Senators an opportunity
to consider the subject upon which they are now
to vote and the opinions of the people of that coun-
try in regard to it.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
sires to state that in reply to an inquiry of the
honorable Senator from Californiaa momentago,
the Chair answered that an amendment to the
amendment would be in order; butan amendment
such as is moved by the Senator from California
now, in the opinion of the Chair, would not be in
order, because it requires all that was moved by
way of amendment to be struck out. It leaves
nothing for the amendment to the amendment to
act upon. It will simply stand upon the ground
of different sums named to fill a blank, and on
that question the rule is to take the question upon
the highest number first. Different numbers may
be named, and the Chair will put the question
upon the highestnumber first.
Mr. CONNESS. It will be in order after-
wards to move the amendment I have suggested.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly, after
the highest number has been voted upon. Dif-
ferent numbers may be named. The Chair un-
dei stands that "one"is the highest number named,
and the question is upon inserting that number.
Mr. CONNESS. I ask for the reading of the
memorial in question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The papers
offered by the Senator and whose reading is re-
quested will be read, if no objection be made.
The Chair hears none.
The Secretary read, as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled;
The Chamber of Commctce ofSau Francisco hereby re-
spectfully lemoitetiate asuinst taxing the gross product of
the mines in the Pacific States and Territories. The prop-
osition lor levying such a tax is regarded wulisurpiibeand
alarm by the people of thi  coast, and vvp conceive that it
must he based on misconception of the situation and na-
tuie of our mines and of the character ol mining enter-
prises. The mineral wealth of our immngdistiicts has not
been exaggerated, but the popular estimate of the profits of
mining entei pu&e is cxcev^ivc because the difficulties, risks,
and expenses which aie inseparable fioni themare notap-
preeiated. Our most valuable mines ami mineral lodes are
lound in the btenle mountains of the Sierra Nevada range,
frequently far removed iromwood or water, and accessible
only by loads cut and hewn in the hteep mountain '•ides.
To develop them mam shafts, diifts, and tunneU must be
worked thiough solid rock, consuming months and often
years of toil. Good ote is rarely found except at a consid-
erable depth, and in most cases it is necessary to expend
many thousands of dollars in the erection of steam machin-
ery to keep the nunc tree fiom water. The lode, when
reached at a great depth, may yield ore that is fabulously
rich or peihapc rebellious ore, that retains its treasure in
defiance of the skill thu-s far attained by miningexperts,or
ma> be bairen lock, winch will compel the abandonment
of the work. Mills containing ponderous or expensive ma-
chinery are indispensable to the reduction audtieatinent
of ores, and m many instances the ores and the wood re-
quned for thennlJs are hauled fiom distant points by teams
that consume provender which nuht be transput ted hun-
dreds of miles by other teams. These present only a few
of the difficulties incident to the business of nuiuug, >et
people abroad seem unable to comprehend the facts that
the bullion extiacted from the depths of our mountains does
not amply represent the omount of labor expended; that
the eniue production of irn^t of our mines is consumed by
the extraordinaiy expends peculiar to working them, and
that mining e terpn es may afford employment and ieve-
mie to many thousands of men, suppou various branches
of mdu^tiy, sustain the piosperity oi fctates, and augment
the wealth of a nation, and still fail to remunerate those
who pioject and control them, as science can detect the
spot where a mine can be profitably opened, and no expe-
rience can predetermine the expense ot  ueli an undertalc-
Minmg operations are from thebeginninglaborious,tedi-
ous, eo-tlv, and extremely precarious. Ot this the count-
less numbei of abandoned shafts and tunnels, and the mi
mcrous others.wherein the unrewarded labor of years is
vigorously continued mthe hope of ultimate tuccess, afford
the most conclusive evidence. Nothing but the liberal
poliey heretofore observed by Government respecting the
working of mines could stimulate men to embaik m sijeh
perilous enterprises. To that lihoral policy may be jusHy
attubuted the peopling of vast Teintories belonging to the
national domain, the organization of new States, the build-
ing of tovvjis and cities, the aggrandizement of commerce,
and the actual production of metallic'cUrreney suffieierrtto
preserve the vitality of our national fltiancesduringapenod
of unprecedented trials. We respectfully submit that the
national benefits derived from these l'ruits surpass any re-
sults that could emanate from a less liberal policy. We
further represent that the business ot mining is the chief
suppou ot oui mdustiial arid commercial systems; that a
tax on the gross products of mines would utterly crush and
destroy the mining interests, and consequently involve us
in general rum; that it would give the foes of Government
in our midst.a strength and support that might prqduee
critical results; that it would drive population, capital, and
enterprise troin the Pacific States and Territories to Mex-
ico and British America, and divert commerce in the'same
direction; that instead of increasing the amount of national
reveuiie desirable lrom this coast, it would inevitably at
no distant day lcduce it compataiivel'y to an insignificant
sum; that the mineral lodes recently discovered-in our
mountains are beyond the capacity of our present popula-
tion to develop, and the business of mining, relatively con-
sidered, is yet in its infancy. The physical difficulty and
peculiar points that now embariass it are slowly yielding t<r
the energy, enterprise, and experience of our people, who
have been greatly encouraged by a few notable instances
of success; and while we do not magnify the evil conse-
quences that would result fiotn the pioposed taxation, we
believe that under a continuance of the presenthberal pol-
icy the business of mining would ultimately piove a giund
success and confer incalculable benefits on the natrou at
large. In view of all the foregoing, we respectiully but
earnestly remonstrate against the enactment of any law
imposing a tax on the gross production of the mines.
By order of the Chamber:
J A3. DE FREMERY,
President.
C. ADOLPHE LOW,
First Vice President.
RADMOND GIBBONS,
Second Vice Piaidenl.
WM. 11. WADSWORTII,
Secrctaiy.
San Francisco, May 19, 1864.
Dated Viroin'ia. City, May 1(F, 1864.
Received Washington, May XI, 1864.
To Hon. John Conness:
Resolved, That loyal Nevada, desirous of contributing
her eneigv to the Mippoit of the Government to cru-h out
this unholy rebellion, doe.s in ma*.* meeting declate that
the tax upon the gross proceeds ot the mines is an oner-
ous, unequal, and impolitic measure ; and that &uch a law
will have a direct and immediate tendency to stop the de-
velopment of the mineral wealth of our Teiritory, and ruin-
ously decrease the sources ol revenue of the General Gov-
ernment.
Resolved, That while we are willing to pay an equitable
and reasonable tax on all interests, and while we lecog-
nize the right of the Government in helf-preaervation to
call upon us lor our last man and oui last dollar, yet hum-
bly we repiesent that a tax by Congress upon the gross
pioceeds of our mines will be destructive to the general
prosperity of our Territory, and especially at this period of
limited development of our mines.
Resolved, That these resolutions be forwarded by tele-
graph to Hon. John Conness, and to be by Mm respect-
fully submitted to the Senate of the United States.
L. D. S. TURNER, President.
G. R. JONES, Secretary.
Mr. CONNESS. I now call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine to make the tax one per cent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to ask if this tax is
one per cent, on the gross proceeds.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir, it is a tax on the
gross proceeds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is a very different tax
from the one the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco remonstrate against.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance says it is a different
tax from the one they remonstrate against. They
remonstiate diiectly against a tax on the gross
proceeds. They do not remonstrate against the
amount, but against the mode of the tax. They
are willing to submit to a tax upon the net pro-
ceeds or a tax upon the profits of mining; but as
that system is not pursued in any part of this
bill, except in regard to the income tax, and as
they are already subject to that, I have not asked
that that system shall be resorted to here. The
tax imposed at the mints and assay offices with
the other provisions of this amendment will ne-
cessarily be a tax on every ounce produced as
near as the law can compel it in the entire mining
region.
Mr. HOWE. As the yeas and nays have
been called on this question, I desire to say just
two things. I shall vote against the tax of one
per cent; because I prefer a tux of one half of
one per cent, inhere &> be any;,;but I .shall
yotp against the tax $f dn<$ half hX,oiie per oe«t,
because I am opposed to any taxation upon tfyi^
product. I believe, as<the Senator fro^lndiana
said a short-time..ago, that.,if there is nOiOilier
product in the country, this is one'which itistlie
interest of the Government to enconrage muf not.
to discourage. This is uidjfect&ny otliei*
be found in this blU; everything else^ ever^pthei-
prodiief'that you impose ,a.tax upon,yogi#tpose
it with direct reference .to its b.eing paid^not, By
the producer, but by the consuiher. Itis. so,with
coal; it is so with iron;, it is io with copper; It is
so with cloth; it is so with raw- cotton; but tyUh
regardsto gold and silver, it must be paid by the
producer, and cannot be' paid by anybo4y
because the statute which you have yourselves
enacted says, that it is worth so much, arid it
never can be. saW for any more than th^t. It is
therefore unlike any other tax; and the most
burdensome, the moat discouraging tax that you
impose upon any product, you impose upp,n tlmt
product which is the sternest necessity of*-the
country at this time. I obj^ecVto it. ,
It has been said in the course of this debate that
you are the proprietors of all this wealth-, an$ tl^at
you impo^this tax by way of gathering some
slight compensation for the use of your property.
Sir, I wish, to. remark .here that in truth you are
not the owners' of this wealth; you do not own
these, mines. Why ? You may own the soil m
which they are imbedded, you may own the
mountains in whicjiare buried this gold ancl-thia
silver; butafterall the Groverivmentdoes not pos-
sess them. You do nothingtodevplop them$( yoy
do nothing to ascertain the fact. What if Omnis-
cience can understand that there is buried under--
neath us to-day untold wealth in gold and silver
and diamonds? you know nothing about it;' you
are not the possessors of it. In every block of
marble lying outside in this yard there is t sup-
pose a statue of almost incalculable value imbed-
ded. Canova or somebody else might develop
it; butuntil it ia 'developed who shall say who isf
the owner of it? Is it the man who owns the
block? Can he say that in truth he owns a
statue? You do not own these mines. You
know nothing about them.
Mr. FESSfiNDEN. I ask my friend, to carry
out his argument, whether,"if I own, a piece of
marble and a man who has the power to make a
statue out of it comes along, has he not a .right
to take it and useitwiihoutpaymgmeanything?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course; because he can
develop it and I cannot. #
Mr. HO WE. No, sir.,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; that ia thq
logic of the whole argument.
Mr. HOWE. I own my own logic and I pro-
pose to use that, as I consent the Senator shall
use his own marble, just as we please respect-
ively. [Laughter.] My logic does not go to any
such extent. I do not insist on the right of these
miners to go and take this gold at all. If you
deem that the public interest will warrant you in"
saying so, say to them, " You shall not take it. "
If you prefer that it shall lie in the mines than
that it shall be dug out of the mines, say so; but
you do not say so; I do not say so. I say it is
the first interest of the public—and I am legisla-
ting not for themmer,butforthe public—to have
this wealth developed and brought into the use
of man, and therefore i do not vote for a law to
prohibit mining; jyo not vote for any enactment
that shall discourage the development of this
wealth.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on filling the blank in the amendment with the
word " one," and upon that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, firown, Chandler. Clark, Cow-
an, Doohttlc, retit-nden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harlan,
Ilanis, Morgan, Morrill, Sheiman, Ten Van Win-
kle, and Willey—18.
NAYS—Me^rs. Buekalew, Garble, Collamer, Conrnv-i,
Davis, Dixon. Foot, Hendricks, Ilowaid, Howe, Johnson,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Ne«nitbv Tomftroy, I'owHl,
Uanv?pv. rfaul-lnuv, Sumner, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Harding, Henderson, Hicks Lane ol
Indiana, Richardson, Riddle, Sprague, Trumbull, Wucie,
and Wright—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
