THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80.
• Mr.-' CONNESS. I move- now to insert tft'e
words "one hat/of one" in the blank; so that it
will reads
' 'On bullion In lump, ingot, bar, or otherwise, a duty of
one fiait'ot" one per cont. ad valorem, to be paid by the- as-
eayer of the same, 8tc.
'Tbe arsendment was agreed to. :
•The PRESIDING OFFICER. The whole
amendment having bfceta previously stgree'd t6,the
atneridwsnt is now aflo'pted.
Mr; FESSENDEN; I move to strike outlines
three hundred attfl forty-eight,three- hundred and
forty-nkie, and ilffee hundred and fifty, on page
" "Mr.1 COKNESS. That ia the tax proposed in
the House-bill u'pon the same'subject'.' •
Mr.'FESSENDEN. The House imposed a
ttix^offive per cent, on this same production, but
the Senate seem to think that one per cent, is too
much.
Mi". HOWE. Has' this amendment been
adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has.
Mr. HOWE. I understood it whs only adopted
as an amendment to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maine.
•Mr. FOOT. They were independent proposi-
tions to fill the blank.
Mr. HOWE. I understood that the amend-
ment of the Senator from California was offered
as an amendment to the amendmeiitoffered by the
Senator from Maine.
Mi1. FESSENDEN. That was so.
Mr. HOWE. We adopted the amendment to
the amendment.' There was a blank in that to be
filled. That blank has been filled, and the ques-
tion is upon the amendment as amended.
' Mr. FOOT. The Senator is wrong' about it.
They wfre taken as independent propositions to
fill a blank which was according to the rule. The
Choir was undoubtedly right. It could not have
been entertained as an amendment to the amend-
ment. Tiicy'wore separate and indepeiulentprop-
Ositions to nil a blank.
. Mr. HOWE. The Chair was entirely right
about that and I do not controvert that at all; but
I say this whole proposition was voted upon as
an amendment to (lie amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN.' I believe that is so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In reply to the
suggestion, the Chair will state that the Chair was
under the impression that the vote hiulbeon taken
on the amendmentas amended, but the Cliairwus
mistaken; it was nor-so; the question hns not been
baleen on the amendment as amended, and it is
still a pending question. The question is on the
amendment as amended.
The amendment, as amended, wits agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, sir, I "move on
page 140, section ninety-three, lines three hun-
dred ond forty-eight, three-hundred nnd forty-
nine, and thvee hundred and fifty, to strike out
the following Words:
On gold ami stiver ptoriuord from rpinrtz mines, from
hp<!w of over-, fnmt (lie ('tilth, or in any ntiier way ormiut-
neiyi duty of live per cent.
• Mr. ANTHONY. Does not the Senator menn
to have any lax on gold ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo have got a tax of
one half ol one pereent. as the bill now stands
with the amendment just adopted, only in a dif-
ferent form. It is on the bullion as assayed,
Mr. JOHNSON. Those lines go out, as a
matter of course.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to strike out 
■ Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will let me
get through with some amendments 1 have to
offer 1 shall be much obliged to him.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 148, section
ninety-five, tines fourteen and fifteen, I move to
strike out the following words;
Bullion Used in the manufacture of silver-ware, silver
bullion railed or prepared for platers' use exclusively.
The amendment was agreed to
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 15], section
ninety-eight, line fourteen, I move to strike out
the word ''sterling" and to insex-t" foreign"be-
fore the word "exchange." °
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page ITS, section one
hundred and sixteen, line two, I mo-rt to strike
outtheword " other"before " national;" so that
it will read:
That in esttmaiing the annual gains, profits, or income
of any person, all national, State, and municipal taxes, &c.
> The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On' page 46, at the end
of section thirty-seven, I move to insert the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That if any assessor or assistant assessor shall
divulge to any party or make known in any maimer, other
than as provided in tftte act, the operations, stylo of work,
orappaiatus of such visited manufactory, said assessor or
assistant assessorsliail l>c subject to the penalties prescribed
in section thirty-five of this act.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear what
explanation the honorable Senator from Maine
has to make of that amendment. It is rather an
important one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is one of the afnend-
ftientS'Whiqh the Senator from Rhode Island gave
notice he would offer. The object, as i under-
stand it, is simply this: that if the assessor, in
.visiting a manufactory and making the examina-
tion which he is entitled by law to make, shall
bceome familiar with any of the secrets of the
manufacturing he shall not divulge them; thatthe
person who is sent there by the Government to
collect metely the tax, if ihut enables lum to ob-
tain possession of the sectets of their manufacture,
shall not divulge what he may learn.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the honorable Senator
mean to say that the power to punish that de-
scription of offense is one which we can properly
exercise under the Constitution ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not see why we
should not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think 1 can explain it to
the {Senator.
Mr. HOWARD. I see the justice and pro-
priety of it, but the question with me J.-5 the ques-
tion of power.
Mr. ANTHONY. There may be not merely
processes of manufnctuie but styles of manufac-
ture which vary every year. A calico printer,
for instance, might very well afford to pay a large
sum to an assessor lo go into a rival establishment
and come back and report the styles and colors
and modes of fabric which be intends to introduce.
It is necessary that the assessor should have ac-
cess to the establishment, hut certainly not that
he should disclose what he sees either to the dis-
advantage of the manufacturer or printer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now desire to amend
an amendment that we have already inserted in
the bill. It is on page 170, section one hundred
and fourteen, line ten, after the word "all" to
insert the words " taxes on manufactures, man-
ufacturing companies, and;" so thatthe proviso
will read:
Provided, That all taxes on manufactures, manufactur-
ing companies, and luunuUctumtg corporations .shall he
and the tax collected ui the ditjtuct within which
tin* place of nuvmilaeiuro is located.
Mr. BUOKALEW. The word "manufactur-
ing" where last used in that amendment is un-
necessary .
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will not do any harm
to repeat it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, FESSENDEN. Now, sir, I should like
to take up the impoitant provision in relation to
banks and banking that was passed over.
Mr. CONNESS. Before that suhjectis taken
up,-as it will involve debate, I shoukfiike to oiler
one amendment, as I desire to leave the Chamber
for a few moments. Does the Senator consent?
Mr. FESSENDEN. if it is a plain propo-
sition that will give rise to no discussion £ have
no objection.
Mr.' CONNESS. I do not think it will. I
have no desire to discuss it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is it?
Mr. CONNESS. The tax on quicksilver.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thatwili give rise to dis-
cussion.
Mr. CONNESS. I think not.
Mr. FESSEiN DEN. I think we had better gp
through with the amendments of the committee,
und dispose of them.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move now to proceed
to the consideration of section one hundred and
nine, relating to banks and banking, on page 161.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That section
is now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN* I offered an amendment
the other day as a substitute for that section. I
propose to aiftend my amendment in. one or two
particulars. I "suppose I have the right to modify
it. On page 3 of the amendment, line forty-nine,
I propose to strike out " one fourth,"and to in-
sert " one fifth," so as to make tlieduty one fifth
of one per ccnt. a month.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the Senator
proposed to insert " one sixth," so as to make it
the same as it is in the original bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. At present I think I shall
leave it at one fifth. In line eighty-one of my
amendment, pa^e 4, I propose to strike out the
word further" arid to insert the word" " addi-
tional;" and in line eighty-four, after the word
" capital" I propose to insert the words "stock
paid in."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendments reported by the Committee
on Finance to this section one hundred and nine.
The Senator from Ohio proposes to strike out the
whole section and insert an amendment, in lieu of
the committee's amendments, which he has sentto
the desk and which has been printed. It will be,
however, first in order, previous to taking the
question on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to strike out the whole section and insert his
amendment, first to'perfect the section and the
amendments reported to it by the committee.
Mr, SHERMAN. The ordinary parliament-
ary way is to perfect the original bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendments of the
committee to that section have been adopted, I
think.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendments reported from the Commit-
tecon Finance to the section, which have not been
taken up heretofore, but were passed over,
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 thought they had been
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose it would be per-
fectly in oidcr to strike out the original proposi-
tion and then amend the matter inserted in lieu
ofit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us first take the ques-
tion on adopting the amendments reported by the
committee to the original section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
will be taken on the amendments reported by tho
committee by way of perfecting the section before
the question is put on striking it out. The amend-
ments will be read.
The first amendment was in the second line of
the section, to striko out the word "eighth,"
and to insert the word " quarter;" so that it will
lead:
109. And be it further enacted, That tlieic 5-halI he
levied, collected, and paid a duty of one quarter of one
per cent, e.u-ti hull yeat upon the aveiaye amount of the
dcpoMts of money, &ubjcct to payment by cheek or draft,
with anv peixun, bank, association, or corpoiaiion en-
gaged m the IniMuesH ot banking, Sec.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line six, after
the word "banking," to insert the following
words:
Other than associations organized nnd established under
ami bv vmue ot "An act to provide a national currency,
secured b> a pledge of (Jnitcd States bonds, mul to piovide
tor tiie euculatiou and redemption thereof," approved
Febiuary &>, 18C.J.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven, to
strike out the word 44 also" and insert the word
" and;" and in line twelve to strike out the word
" its" before the word "capital;" and after the
word "stock," in line thirteen, to insert "in-
vested in such business beyond the amount in-
vested in United States bonds;" so that it will
read:
And a duty of one quarter of one per cent, each half
year, as aforesaid, upon the average amount of capital
stock invented in «5uch business beyond the amount in-
vented 111 United States bonds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five,
to insert the words "capital and" before the word
" deposits."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-eight,
