2562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3H
its of money, subject to payment by check or draft, with
aliy person, bank, association, or corporation engaged in
the DUsin^fca of banking, other than associations organized
and established under and by value ot "An act to provide
a national currency, secuied by a pledge of United States
bonds, ami to piovide tor tiie circulation and redemption
tiieieoVj" approved February -25, and a duty ot one
tyventy fouitii ot one per cent, each mouth, a  aforesaid,
upon tiie aveiasze amount ot capital stock invited in >ucli
basinets, beyond the amount invested in United States
bonds. And on the Gist Monday,of every month of each
year a true, and acciuate leturn of the amount of deposits
and of capital, as afoiesaid, shall \>e made and lendeicd to
tiie assessor of the district-in which such bank, a&soel-
fetioti, or corporation may be located, or in which Mich per-
son may reside, by all such person?, banks, associations,
or corporations, with a declaration annexed thereto, and
tiie Oatli or affirmation of ssuch person, or of the president
or ca^hiui- of such bank, association, or co'rpoi atiou, in Mich
form and manner as may be pie<-enbed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, that the same contains a true
and faithful statement of the amount ot capital and deposits
as aforesaid ; and shall also deliver a qopy of said leturn
10 thoeoilector of t!ie dUtiict, and shall, within eacti and
eveiy month, pay to ^«uti collector tbe duty ofone twenty-
fourth of one per coiit on the amount of deposit*, and of
one iweniy-fouith ofone per cent, on the capital so re-
named. And tor any neglect to make oi icndei such ie-
tutn and pajment as alorec-aiJ, every such pei>on, bank,
as*oemtion,'or corpoiation be subject to and pay a
penalty of jjjfl,000. besidesthe. additions, penalties, and tor-
feitmes in other cases provided; and the amount of de-
po.-it* and capital shall, in dMault ot the pioper return, be
estimated by the assessor upon the be^t infoi mation be
can obtain, and every such penalty, together with the du-
ties as aforesaid, may be iceovered tor the use of tbe
United States m any court of competent jurisdiction. And
eveiy person, ami every bank, association, oi corporation,
othei than associations oig.mized and established umloi
and by virtue of' *'An net to provide a national currency..
secured by a pledge of (Tinted States -tocks, and to pro-
vide foi the eiic illation and redemption th'-ieof,ap-
proved  , i-*uiu£ note-, bills, or obligation* calcu-
lated or intended to cticulate a- money, shall p:iy a duty
of one fifth of one per cent, each month on the uvuiagc
amount ot such note-;, bilh, or oilier obligations, m < m il-
lation dunna the picccdmj* month, or which, having been
issued, fhall lemain in cueulation ; and shall, on the ti^t
Monday of each and eveiy month, make and delivei to the
asseshoi of tbe district in which such bniiU.a^oeiauoi^or
corporation may be located, or in which such poison may
reside^ a tine and accuiate teturn of the amount ol notes,
bills, or othei obligations so Mm-d, whethci in ciiculation
-or in its vaults, or eNovvlioie, in possession oi on deposit,
and shall annex to every such return a deelaiation, with
the oath oi uihrmation of such p^is-on, oi ol the pn-Mib-nt
or ca^biei of such bank, association, oi coipoiaiton, in
such toi m and manner a* may be ditccted bv ilie Uonirm.s
sioner of inietn.il Revenue, that the-amo contain-a tine
and fait hi ul statement of the anion nt of eiic illation as .itoie-
,watd ; and ■-Inill delivei a copy oi said teturn to the collector
of the dMnet m w Inch '-aul pei-on lesides, ot ui w Inch the
said bank, ussociation, oi cm porauon is located ; and -hall,
within ten days from tin; fust Monday in each and every
month, pay to said collector the said duty of one fifth of
one percent, on the average amount of its cueulatton as
at'orepaid, nfit including that In vault oi on deposit for the
stud bank. And for any neglect to render oi make Mich le-
turn and payment as aforesaid, eveiy Mich person, bank,
association, or eoipoiation shall pay a penalty ol one per
cent, on the amount ot notes, bills, ot othei obligations
issued as aloie^aid, which amount shall, in detault of the
pioper jeturn, be estimated by the assessoi upon tin* be-t
information he can obtain ; and every such peualtj ma) be
recovered lor the u-e ot the United Slates in any coin t of
competent jurisdiction : PiorWeJ, that all hanks, associa-
tions, coiporatioiH.or individuals, issuing note-m billy ioi
circulation a- i uihmu y, shall be liable to and pay the .nidi
tlonal dut> o! one third of one per cent, each month upon the
average amount of such eunetiey, not including that in
vault oi on deposit for the said bank, issued bevond tiie
amonutof ninety per cent, of it* capital stock paid in. In
the ease ot bank1- with bianc lies, the duty herein piovuh-d
for shall be imposed upon the enciilaiion ol each bianeh,
severally, and the anioum of capit il .>t each branch shall
be considered to be the amount allotied to ot uned l>v such
bianeh. And the additional dut\ lieient piov ided foi shall
be collected and paid ai the turn's and in the mauiiet In'ie-
inbetore <-'p<>eih'<'d. And so much of an act entitled -An
act to provide ways and means tor the support ol the &uv-
eminent,"' appiovVd .March .'J, IbM.as imposes any tax on
banks, their ciieulaitoil, capital, ot depo-it-., oilu i than is
herein provided, is heieby icpealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will State, as i do.siie a
vote on this question, that the difference between
the section of tlie bill us amended and mv propo-
sition is not very material. The fust difference
is that the tax I propose is a monthly tax, and it
is desired more partieulai ly to get a return of the
circulation every month, the same kind of retain
«.s is provided for I'rom the national hanks, and
it is desirable to have a return made monthly by
all the banks of the United States, so as to show
precisely at the beginning of each mom!; the
amount of circulating notes. The rate of tax is
one fifth of one per cent, a month,and the able-
gate, of comae, two and two filths pet cent', per
annum on the circulation not exceeding ninety
per cent, of the capital stock. On ail excess of
circulation above ninety percent, of capital stock
the amendment proposed by me lays a monthly
tax of one third of one per cent., cquivah nt to
four per cent, per annum. The machinery is
very nearly the same as is provided for in the
original section.
Mr. C0LLAMER. I understand that the tax
laid upon the circulation by the committee's sec-
tion is two per cent. This is two and two fifths.
Another thing, their tax on capital does not in-
clude that part of the capital which they have in
United States bonds.
Mr. SHERMAN. Nor does mine:
A duty of one twenty-fourth of one per cent, each month,
as aforesaid, upon the average amount of capital stock in-
vested m such business beyond the amount invested in
United States bonds.
On capital and deposits the tax is the same,
except one is monthly and the other semi-annu-
ally.
Mr. COLLAMER. If I understand it aright
there is two fifths of one per cent, more on the
circulation by this amendment than by the com-
mittee's. *
Mr. SHERMAN. On all within ninety per
cent, of the capital sWick.
Mr. COLLAMER. And this tax by the amend-
ment is to be collected once a month and the other
is collected only twice a year.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not pleased with
the proposition of the bill as amended by the Com-
mittee on Finance; but certainly I have greater ob-
jection to the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio'. The committee, I think, propose
to make war upon the State banks and in favor of
the system of national banks.
Mi. FESSENDEN. The tax we propose is
precisely the same as is imposed on the national
banks.
Mr. HENDRICKS, i do not so understand
it. I do not understand the bill correctly if that
be so. I understand the bill of the committee to
propose to tax one fourth of one per cent, upon
deposits every six months, which will be one naif
per cent, upon deposits per annum.
Mi. FESSENDEN. It is the same upon na-
tional banks.
Mi. JiENDRICKS. I will read it and see if
I understand it correctly:
That then; shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty ofone
qnaiter of one per cent, each half year upon the average
amount of the deposits of money, subject to payment by
check or dtatt, with any pcr.sou, bank, a^ncniuon, oi cor-
poiation engaged in the business of banking, other than as-
sociations organized and established under and by virtue of
•■•An actio ptovide a national cmrency," &c.
Mr- FESSENDEN. 'We did not put the tax
on national banks here, because the same tax is
imposed upon them by the act authorizing those
banks. It is m the banking bill, and we did not
W:Hit to {Hit it on again in this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the reason why
it was not inseritd here?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes,sir. This was drawn
to eoi respond with that. "VVe leave that bill to
operate on the national banks, and this operates
on the State banks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will ask the Sen-
ator whether upon the issues of the banks the
same tax is laid. The tax upon capital stock is
one half per cent, per annum, so far as that stock
is not in Government bonds. I have no com-
plaint to find with that. Then there is one half
per cent, upon is- uea. That is the proposition of
the committee, but that is hot imposed upon the
issues of the national hanks.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Yes.
Mr. HEN D[LICKS. Not in this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the other bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is what I desired
to understand. Then the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Finance is to make the tax equal, ex-
cept so far as the capital is invested in United
Stati t> bonds.
Mr. FESSENDEN. To make it precisely the
same in that respect.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Our State banks do not
usually issue upon United States bonds, or very
few of them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very true; but this is
put in for the benefit of such State banks as do
that. If they have invested m United States
bonds they ate to have the credit.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Some of our State banks
do not give that kind of security, and do not
bank on the United States bonds.
Now, 1 desire to speak of the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, which I suppose ispeculiarly
the Treasury proposition, and is to carry out the
idea that was expressed some time since in a letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, that the differ-
ence between gold and paper in its value was
owing to the inflation of the currency by State
banks. I do not think the facts sustain the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in that proposition; nor
do I think he is authorized in making war upon
State banks. I think there is nothing in the con-
duct of the State banks or the security which
they have given to the public to justify the war
which the Secretary of the Treasury makes on
the State banks, nothing which would justify the
support of that policy, I believe, by the Senator
from Ohio.
i have not taken the pains to look into the con-
dition of other State banks than those of the
western States. The State Bank of Indiana fur-
nishes a very much better Currency than is fur-
nished by the Secretary of the Treasury. It is a
currency that the people of Indiana and of the
Northwest have a great deal more confidence m
than in any of the issues of the Treasury Depart-
ment. For more than a year and a half, 1 be-
lieve, in the course of my professional life f have
not been able to he paid one dollar in the issues
of the State Bank of Indiana. The people of the
Northwest, when they have the issues of the
State Bank of Indiana—and I believe the same is
true in reference to the State Bank of Ohio—
choose to keep them safelyin their pockets; and
if they have any of the currency furnished by
the Treasury Department they prefer to pay that
out.
Upon the question of fact made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury against the State banks,
which statement of facts he supposes to justify
him in making a war against the State institu-
tions, I desire to speak of the history of the State
Bank of Indiana. That bank, at the time of the
passage of the law which authorized the in sue of
greenbacks, had a circulation of $5,800,000; sho
now lias a circulation of$2,400,00U—«■ reduction m
her currentcirculation since the issue of the green-
backs of $3,400,000. It is proposed to make war
upon her, to tax this circulation very unequally,
with a view to forco her circulation into her vaults
again. She cannot get her currency. She can
scarcely buy it. Some branches of the State
Bank of Indiana within the last eighteen months*
have been paying, so as to withdraw their circu-
lation, from one to five per cent., and in some
cases ten per cent, has been paid to withdiaw
from circulation the issues of some of the branches
of the State Bank of Indiana; and with all that
she has only been able to withdraw her circula-
tion $3,400,000, leaving §2,400,000 yet out. I
see by a statement made by the president of tho
State Bank of Ohio that on the first Monday of
April, 1862, the currentcirculation of that bank
was $8,104,500; at the same time in 1863 it
was $6,630,416; the same month tn 1864 it was
$5,512,685; showing a reduction from April, 1862,
to April, 1864, of $2,591,815. i understand that
the same is true in respect to the State Bank of
Missouri.
Then, «ir, these State banks have been endeav-
oring to reduce their currency within the last two
years, but have been unable, because of the fact
that the people will not pay it over the counters
of the banks for the greenbacks. The people re-
tain it in preference to the Government money.
Now, I ask the Senate, when these State banks
have been laboring to reduce their circulation,
when the allegation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is not sustained in point of fact, that the State
banks have been increasing their circulation, is it
fair, is it right to make them pay an unequal tax
upon a currency which they are unable to retire
because of its better credit than the credit of the
greenbacks ? I say it is not fair; and no inequal-
ity of taxation ought to be imposed.
This statement is all that I desired to make on
this question. I desired to show the condition of
the State Bank of Indiana and of the State Bank of
Ohio, and, so far as their statements show the
facts, topiove that-the allegation of the Secretary
of the Treasury is not sustained, and therefore he
is not justified in attempting to make war upon the
State institutions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that to-day the
