3588
: THP CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK
J uly 2,
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
^pSkgfi'.0#Wt>f8er) on the ground tKat it is now too
late to mipe it,
. .Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay the joint res-
olution or! the table.
Mr. ODELL. Is that debatable ?
•""The S?EAitBR. It-is not debatable. *
M/. B|jPJ5.IP(5E. The gentleman from Ver-
mont is lii^e the cloek, al way a going- backwards.
'"Mr.GDELL: J think1 tlie gerjtl^rVian from Ver-
mont is. riot like the clock, but tliat the gentleman
from Wisconsin iyllketho eiockin that respect
Aw.*1;! am'stfrry to sfee tliat tfiis side of the House,
oppose sfieff a resolution, th'e'sble.qbject of which
is'to enable Congress when it shall again convene
to legislate intelligently upon a subject which is
riojv.tif'the'deepest, interest to the Government
tisr well ■«&'tiy dvcry citizen of the country—the
subject of internal revenue. I consider the action
of the gentleman upon this measure as factious
tp a degree, that doea not reflect credit on th.q side
of thoflouseto which I. belong.
; TJie bes't tarifflaweirer enacted—tfio,t of 184G—
was' the jrecuft.of a commission appointed by a
Democratic Government" to collect information,
not in this country alone, but in Europe. That
investigation led t.o wise legislation, as 1 have no
qpubt thisnowproposed would if permitted to be
niijde.
The SPfiAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mi\ LE BLOND culled for the'yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the joint resolution on the
table.
•• The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 " PMNTINO OF FAREWELL ADDRESS.
.-Mr- RPS$,.by unanimous consBnt, moved that
ten thousand copies of Washington's Farewell
Address he printed for the use of the House; which
motion ;w 8 referred to the Committee on Printing.
JAMBS PAUNDKRS.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolution;
w;hjch was read, considered, and agreed to:
licsotred, That James Saunders be paid out of tli« cou-
Upgcut Hlad of (!itf House fur his t-crviees during ihc pres-
ent of Congress the.same amount of compensation
as h paid in the regular laborers of tlie House.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which th« resolution was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on.thd table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DECLARATION OP INDEPENDENCE.
M;-. FENTON rhoved that the Clerk proceed
to read "the Declaration of Independence.
Mr. WINDOM. The emancipation proclama-
tion is also called for.
Mr. WHAipEY. I move to amend by substi-
tuting Jefferson's inaugural address and President
Lincoln's emancipation proclamation.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I call for a vote on reading
the Declaration of Independence.
Mr. COX. Oh, no; that is a revolutionary,
insurrectionary document, calculated to give aid
and comfort to the rebellion, as gentlemen on that
•tde«eem trying to do. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to; and the Cleric pro-
seeded to read the Declaration of Independence,
as follows:
•When, hi tlie course of human I'vcnts, It becomes nooos-
sury for one people to dissolve tlie political bauds vvliicli
liave connected tiicm witit another, and to attune, among
the Powers of the eaitlt, the sepal ate and equal station tu
Which tlie tews of nature and ot nature's God entitle them,
a decent respect to the opinions of mankind rcrjiutc; that
they should declare the causes which impel them to the
nenaratlon.
We hold these truths to be self evident, tliat all men are
ereated equal; that they arc endowed by their Prcator with
certain unalienable rights; that anions these, are life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness. That, to securc these i
riybts, Governments sire instituted among men, deriving ■
thfir ju>t powers from the consent or ttiy governed; that I
whenever any form of government become* deductive of !
these? u i-f the tight of the people to alter or to aboi- !
isii it, and to institute a new Government, laying its foun-
dation on .such pnneiple^and oiganizmg its poweis in Mich
lorro, ri3 to tiiem sbalNeem most likely to efiect their safety
and happiness. Pi udenee, indeed, will dictate that Gov-
eenmente long e:*tabii5.hcd, should not be changed lorh^ht
iMnitmu^ientcauses; ami, accordingly, ail experience hath
shown, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while
evils are sufferabie, than to right themselves bv abolishing
«ie forms 10 which they are accustomed. But, when along
irahj.ef dh^aes an^osurpatifrnej pursuing Invariably the
game object, ovl«ce«« a d^fdgn to reduce them tinder aban-
Tate despotism, It is their right, it Is their duty", to throw off
such Government, and to provide new guards for their fu-
ture^ecurity. Such has been the patient sufferance of these
colonies, and such is nowtbe necessity which constrains
them to niter their former systtf-is of government. The
history of the present King of Great Britain is a history of
repeated injuries and usurpations,' all Jmvimr, in direct ob-
ject, the establishment of aa absolute-tyranny over these
States. To prove this, let facte be submitted to a candid
world:
'He has refused his assent to laws the most wholesome
and necessary for the public good.
He has forbidden hi* Governors to pass laws of immediate
andpressirig importance, unless suspended in their opera-
tion till his assent should be obtained; "and, when so sus-
pended, he has utterly neglected to attend to them.
He has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation
of Jarge districts of people, unless those people would're-
linquish the right of representation in the Legislature; a
right inestimable to them, and formidable to tyrants only.
•He has called togethei legislative bodies at places unusual,
uncomfortable, and dHtantfromthc depository of their pub-
he record*, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into com-
pliance with his measures.
lie'has dissolved lepiesentative Houses repeatedly, for
opposing, with manly firmness, his invasions on tlie lights
of the people.
lie has icfused, for a long time after such dissolutions,
to capse others to he elected; whereby the legislative pow-
ers, incapable of annihilation, have returned to the people
at large for their exercise; the ritate remaining, in the mean
time, exposed to all the danger of invasion Irom without,
and convulsions within.
lie has emicavoied to prevent the population of these
States; for that purpose, obstt tiding the laws for naturaliza-
tion of foreigners; refusing to pass othois to encourage their
migration hither, and raising the conditions of new appro-
priations of lands.
He has obstructed the administration of justice, by refus-
ing his assent to laws for establishing judiciary poweis.
He has made judges dependent on his will alone, for the
teuure of their offices, and the amount and payment of their,
salaries.
He hate erected a multitude of new offices, and sent hither
swat uis of officers to harass our people, and eat out their
substance.
He has kept among us, in times of peace, standing armies,
without the consent of our Legislatuic.
He has affected to render the military independent of,
and superior to, the civil power.
Ilo has combined, with oilier, to subject us to a juris-
diction foieign to our constitution, and unacknowledged
by our laws; giving his assent to their acts of pietendeti
legislation;
For quartering large bodies of amir <1 troops among us :
l''or protecting them, by a mock trial, lioni punishment,
for any minders which tliey should commit on the inhab-
itants of these Stales:
For cutting off our tiade with nil parts of the worfd :
For imposing taxes on us without our consent:
For depriving us, in many cases, of the benefits of trial
by juiy:
For transporting us beyond seas to be tried for protended
offenses:
For abolishing the free system of English laws in a neigh-
boring province, establishing theiein an nrbitraiy govern-
ment, and enlaiging us boundary, so as to render it at
once an example and (It JiiMiument ioi mtiodueing the
tame absolute rule into thesp colonies :
ror taking away out chatters, abolishing our most val-
uable laws, and altering, fundamentally, the powers of our
governments:
For fct^pcuding our own Legislatures, and declaring
themselves invoked with power to legislate for us in all
cases whatsoever.
Ur ha<> abdicated jjoverntueut hete, by declaring us out
of his pioteeiion, and waging war agamt-t us.
He has plundeied out m'-w, ravaged out coasts, burnt our
town5;, and destiojcd the lives ot our people.
He at this time, fran^pottun; laige annieS of foreign
mercenanes to complete the woil^of death, desolation,
and tyranny, alread) begun, with cjrcum>t«u ces of cruelty
and petrldy  cnicely paialh'ied in the most barbarous ages,
and totally unwotthy the head of a civilized nation.
He has constrained our fellow-citizen^, taken captive on
the high sea-, to be«n amis against their counliy, to become
the executioners of their friends -and brethren, or to lull
themselves by theii hands.
He has excited dome-tie insurrections anions us, and has
endeavored to bung on the inhabitants of our frontier^, the
mciciless Indian navies, whoso known rule of warfare is
an undistinguished deduction, ot all ages, sexes,and con-
ditions.
in ovciy stage of those oppressions, we ha\e petitioned 1
for redress*, in the mo>t humble terms; our repeated peti- '
tions have been ans\V( ted only by repeated injury, A pnuce, m
whose chaiacter is thus marked by every act which may if
define a tyrant, is until to be the mler ot a tree people. t!
N'or have we been wanting in attention to our jiritish ;j
brethren. We have warned them, Irom time to time, of !j
attempt- made by then JLigislaiuie to extend an unwar- jl
rantahle jutL-diction over u-. We have temmded them of ;!
the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here, ij
We have appealed to then native justice and magnanimity, j i
arid we have eonjmed them, by the ties of r m common jun_ |j
died, to disavow these u^mpauons, which would inevitably '
tntenuptour connections and eom^pondenee. They, too, ;!
have been deaf to the voice of justice and consaiuiuinity! |!
We miiit, theretbie, acq'iie-ce jii tlie necessity, which do- !
nounees our sepruaimn, and hold them, as we hold the rest il
oi mankind, enemies i.i w.u, m peace, filends. 11
\\ c, tlieiefore, the iepre«.entatives ot the United States '
of Ameuca, m geneial Congie.-s assembled, appealing to ,!i
the ^upremc Judge ot the world toi the rectitude of our in- !,
tentions, do, in the name, and by the authouty of the good 'l
people of these colonies, solemnly publish and declare •!
Thai these United Colonies are, and of right ought to be!
freo and independent Stare-?; tliat (hoy are absolved from '
all allegiance to the British. Crawn, and that all political
connection between them and the State of Great Britain.'
is, and ought to be, totally dissolved * and that, as free and
independent States, they have full power to levy war,con~
elude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and
to do all other acts and things which independent States
may of right do. And, for the support of this declaration,
with a firm reliance on the protection ot Divine Providence,
we mutually pledge to cach other, oat lives, our fortunes,
and our sacrcd'honor.
The foregoing declaration was, by order of Congressj
engrossed, and figned by tlie following members;' •   •
JOHN HANCOCK.
New Hampshire. , _
Josiah Bartlett, Matthew Thornton.
William Whipple,
Massachusetts Bay.
Samuel Adams, Robert Treat Paine,
John Adams, Elbridge Gerry.
Rhode Island.
Stephen Hopkins, William Ellery.
Connecticut.
Roger Sherrpan, <
Samuel Huntington,
William Williams.
Oliver Wolcott.
William Floyd,
Philip' Livingston,
Richard Stockton,
John Witherspoon,
Francis Hopkmson,
Francis Lewis,
Lewis Morris.
Hew Jersey.
John dart,
Abraham Clark.
Jlobert Mori is,
Benjamin Rush,
Benjamin Franklin,
John Morton,
George Ciymer,
Cssar Rodney,
George Read,
Pennsylvania.
James Smith,
George Taylor,
James Wilson,
George Ross.
Delaware.
Thomas McKeau.
Samuel Chase,
William Paca,-
George Wythe,
Richard Henry Le*,
Thomas Jefferson,
Benjamin Harrison,
Maryland.
Thomas Stone,
Charles Carroll, ofCarrollton.
Virginia.
Thomas Nelson, jr.,
Francis Lightfoot Lee,
Carter Braxton.
North Carolina. - .
William Hooper, John Penn.
Joseph Ilewes,
South Carolina.
Fdward Rutledge, Thomas Lynch, jr.,
Thomas Heyward, jr., Arthur Middleton.
Georgia.
Button Gwinnett, George Walton.
Lyman Hall,
COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous conseht,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk pay, at the close of this ses-
sion, out of tho contingent fund of the House, to the offi-
cers, clerks, and other employes of the House a sum equal
to twenty per cent, on their annual compensation respect-
ively ; or, where not receiving an annual compensation, ou
the amount leceived by thcin during the session.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that tlie committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 79) to increase the compensation of the
matrons in the hospitals.
MESSAGE ffUOM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forget, their Secretary,informing the House
that the Senate have passed without amendment
a bill and joint resolutions of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 563) in addition to the act
respecting quarantine and health laws, approved
February 25, 1799, and for the better execution
of the third section thereof;
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 123) to correct
errors in the internal revenue bill; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 106) authorizing
the Secietary of the Treasury to dispose of cer-
tain moneys therein mentioned.
Also, that the Senate have adopted a concur-
rent resolution providing for an extension of the
present session ten minutes longer than the time
already iixed; in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
