1586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
AvitiVv^e views which were then expressed. I
adduce it merely as a striking illustration. That
proposition went to the very foundation of the
Government. It struck nt the very root of the
whole governmental system.' Yet not in defer-
ence to the opinions either of Mr. Adams or the
petitioners, but in deference to the right of free-
dom of debate, the House refused to censure him.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know whether 1 understood the gentleman. I
understood him to state that under the Constitu-
tion, in his judgment, this House had no power
to expel a member except for disorderly conduct.
Mr. PENDLETON, I will tell the gentleman
exactly what 4. said. I said that to give this
House jurisdiction to expel a member, the offense
must, by a greater or less latitude of construction,
be fairly brought within the meaning of the ex-
pression "disorderly conduct."
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, I believe
that in the last Congress two gentlemen were ex-
pelled from this House, if 1 am not mistaken
the gentleman from Ohio voted for their expulsion.
•"Was that for " disorderly conduct5'in the House?
Mr. PENDLETON. Who were they?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Bur-
nett and Mr. Reed.
Mr. PENDLETON. I voted for their expul-
sion because they left their places here and went
into the armies of the confederates. Do you not
call that disorderly conduct?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Tlmtisthe
fentieman's definition of disorderly conduct, and
accept it-
Mr. GARFIELD. I dislike to interrupt the
gentleman, but J wish to ask the gentleman a
question, not to interfere with the com so of his
argument, but to draw him out upon this subject.
Suppose I, in a decorous manner, should rise in
my place and introduce a resolution against the
approaching campaign and plans of Grant about
to be adopted on the Potomac; suppose I, having
knowledge of those plans, in suppoituf my argu-
ment should tell what his plans were in this House,
should expose them, should state the number of
men*, that one column was going in this direction,
and another in that; suppose 1, by my speech,
made in the most becoming manner, as far as style
is concerned, should tell the entire plans and op-
erations of the campaign just about to commence,
that would not bediscourteousormdecorous; yet
I ask the gentleman if that would be an offense
for which 1 could be censured or expelled?
Mr. PENDLETON. I will answetwny col-
league. If he obtained these facts and details and
plans from public newspapei s, if tln-'y were mat-
ter of public notoriety, it would be perfectly ri^ht
to use them, and it would not be within the power
of the House to expel him for their use; if he
went to the War Department and obtained the
knowledge of the facts in confidence from those
charged with their execution, if heobtained them
surreptitiously, if he obtained them as a member
of Congress under the seat of confidence which
exists between officers of the same Government,
and coming hero, having a right to ask this 1 louse
to close its doors to receive a communication of
that kind,he should not do that,but should muke
his speech the means of communicating informa-
tion to the enemies of the country, it would bo
disorderly conduct in the highest possible degree.
I was about to say'th-at Mr. Adams in 184^ pre-
sented a petition for a dissolution of the Union.
It was sent here from Haverhill, Massachusetts.
Mr. Adams presented it, and asked its refei ence to
a select committee, and immediately Mr. Gilmer,
of Virginia, and subsequently Mr. Marshall, of
Kentucky, moved a resolution of censure, i rec-
ollect the scene. ! remember where the old man
stood in yonder Hall. 1 recollect he rose in his
place all trembling with excitement, and in one of
those historic speeches which will live as long as
the history of the English language shall remain,
vindicated the right of the people to petition for a
redress of their grievances, and the i ight of Repre-
sentatives to present their petitions on this floor.
And heargued thequestion against all comers; the
ham were kept open day by day, until, ashamed of
ihe efforts they had made to repress this freedom
of debate hi the American Congress, the majority,
who hail at fust persistently refused, at last laid
the resolution on the table.
Gentlemen will say to mo this proposition to
dissolve ihe Union was made in timo of peace.
Thomas Corwin in 1847 attacked the Adminis-
tration upon the policy, the conduct, the origin,
and the justness of the Mexican war. The ma-
jority did not agree with him; they abhorred his
Views; but in deference to this great right of free
debate in a representative body they permitted it
to pass uncensured.
Again,in 1856,aSenatorfrom Ohio, Mi-.Wade,
in time of peace, speaking of this Union which
you now affect so much to revere, used this lan-
guage:
" But southern gentlemen stand here and in almost all
their speeches speak of the di&solution of the Union as an
element of every argument, as though it were a peculiar
condescension on their pait that they peimitted the Union
to stand at all. If they do not feel interested in upholding
this Union, if it really trendies on then fights, if it endan-
geja.their institutions to such an extent that they cannot
feelsccure under it, if their inteiests are violently assailed
by means of tins Union, I am not one of those whoexpect
that they will long continue under it. I am not one of those
who would ask them to continue m such a Union, it
would be doing violence to the platfoim of the p.uty to
which i belong. J see nothing at present winch I think
should dissolve it; but if other gentlemen see it, I say
again that they have the same inteie^t in maintaining this
Union, in my judgment, that we of the North have, if
they think they have not, he it so. You cannot forcibly
hold men in this Union, foi the attempt to do so, it s-oenis
to me, would suhvoittho first piniciplesof ihe Government
under which we live."—Congressional Glo1>e,tkhd session
T/mty-Fowih Congress, vol. 34, p. &>.
Did Senators agree with him? Did they think
he was correct? -Did they believe that there was
no power of coercion, and that any attempt at co-
ercion would destroy the principles of the Gov-
ernment under which we live? Yet the American
Senate did not think itself called on to pass a vote
of censure or expulsion.
Again, sir, my venerable colleague on the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevf.ms) said from his place m this House,
on the Oth of December, 1862, upon the question
of the admission of West Vngini.i:
'•Now, these icbe|hous  States being a powei by tin; ac-
knowledgment ot i'mopcan nation-*, and of our own na
lion, subjectand entitled lo belhgeient light-, have become
Mihjeetto nil the rules of war. f hold the Constitution has
no longertbe Ic.ist elTeot upon thorn.'' * * * *
<•' Hence I hold that none ot the Staten now in rebellion
are entitled to the piotection ot the Constitution, ami I am
grieved when 1 licarthosehigh jti authoutysometimestalk-
mg of the constitutional iliilleol! ics of cnlbicmg mea aires
against tins belligerent power, and the next moment disre-
gaitim/ eveiy vestige and semblance ot Hie Constitution
by act"  which alone are .nbitiaiy.'5 * * * *
''This talk ot re-itoiiug the 1 Union a-* it was under the
Constitutional it iV ^ one of the absurdities which J have
heaid till i have hccomeMek <>fu. Thi> t:nion can never
be ]cstoiod as it was. Th"ie me many things which ren-
du! ->uch an event impossible. This Union shall nevei, with
inv consent, hi' icstmed mulct the Constitution as ins w >th
sl.ivtiy piotci. tud by tt."-~Congressional Globe, vol. 47,
part 1, p. .)
That was the language of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. I do not cite his language to crit-
icise it. I will institute no comparison between
his views and those of my colleague. The gen-
tleman knows that I entertain for him the kindest
personal feeling, and that 1 would say nothing
offensive to his feelings. Did the House agree
with him? Did any one ever ventuic to offer a
proposition to expel him? He believed it hon-
estly, he said it legitimately, in the exercise of a
constitutional right. Sir, 1 honor him for speak-
ing it boldly, and I honor this House for not
having piesumed to violate his right to speak it.
A-fifr yet I call the attention of my honorable
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] who is so loud
in his denunciations of our colleague [Mr. Long]
for having uttered these sentiments in tune of war,
that even at the moment when the gentleman from
Pennsy 1 vauia spoko5 the hosts were mai shaled for
the fight at Fredericksburg, that even then the
pause"in the click of the telegraph wire which he
told us was the cci tain signal that the dread con-
test of arms had begun, was so distinct that its
very silence was heard all over this land. It was
then, when you had sent your soldier# to that field
under pretense of maintaining the Union and sap-
porting the Constitution, that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania rose and told you and them and the
countiy that the Union never could be restored,
and that with his consent it never should be.
On the 11th of February, 18Gl,Mr. Craige, of
North Carolina, mtioduced a resolution into this
House requesting the President to acknowledge
the independence of the southern confederacy, to^
receive us embassadors, and to adjust terms ot
commercial inteicourse. By the concurrence of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] it was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Did we have any resolution of censure or expul-
sion ? No member dreamed that it was his duty
to offer one.
Need I dwell longer upon this subject? I had
intended to go back to those splendid demonstra-
tions of English liberty which occurred at the
time of our Revolution. I had intended to recall
to you the words of Loid Chatham uttered time
and again in the British Parliament against the
then pending war in America. The inexorable
hour rule bids me be brief. In January, 1776,
he said:
" The gentleman tells us America is obstinate, Ameiica
is almost in open rebellion. I rejoice that Amenca ha* re-
sisted. Three million people so dead tu alt the feelings of
libeity as voluntarily to «=ubmit to be slavws would have
been lit instruments to make slaves of the rest."
In November, 3777, eighteen months after the
Declaration of Independence, after two years of
war, he said:
"As to conquest, my loids, I lepeat, it is impossible.
You may swell eveiy expense and eveiy dibit Mill moie
extravagantly—pile and accumulate ever\ assistance which
you can buy or boirow; tiaflicand baiter with eveiy httie
pitiful German piince that sells and tends his subjects to
the shambles of a foreign punee—jour oflbiU are I'oicver
vain and impotent. If I wcie an American as I am an
Englishman, while a foteign troop was landed m my coun-
try I would never lay dow n my aims, never, never, never.
lint in such a war as this, unjust in its principle, im-
practicable in lumeans, and nunous in its consequences,
I would not contribute a single etibit nor a single shilling."
And Mr. Burke, in 1781, after the surrenderor
Yorktown had secuied thedefeatofthe British in
America, exclaimed:
" The noble lord said the war was not disgraceful; It
was only unfortunate. Foi my part t must continue tr 
call it dis-giaeeful, not unfoitunate. I consider them all
alike, victories and defeats; towns taken and towns evacu-
ated; new gtmeials appointed ami old generals recalled;
iheyarc all alike calamities; they all spur in on to thin
fatal business. Victones give u- hopes ; defeats make us
desperate ; and both instigate us to go on." * ^ A
* " Give us back our torcu nor pi otract this bui d.-nsomc,
disgiaceful, for it is not an uutoituuatc wai.''
And yet, were they censured ? Did the " first
gentleman of England " leave theSpeaker's chair
to move a vote of censure or expulsion?
But why go so far back? Within this year,
in the French Chamber, Thiers, returning after
twelve years of exile from oiiice and honors,
raised his voice for the liberty of France: "Give
us a free press; give us free ballot; give us fiee
debate in these halls—these ate the essentials of
fiee government—and I will be a grateful and obe-
dient subject of the empire, if you will not, I
warn you, that as the dauphin did not succeed
Louis XVI, as the Duke of Reichstadt did not
succeed the great Napoleon, as the sons of Louts
Philippe are now m exile, so neither will this
imperial prince succeed to the throne of his father
and perpetuate the dynasty of the second Napo-
leon." And when,in thesamedebate, Count Mor-
ny,the President, rudely assailed a speaker who
uttered like sentiments, and a Councilor of Stato
followed it up by the use of the word " traitor,'*
the indignant members with one accord rose m
their places and with irresistible authority de-
manded that the insolent menial of despotic power
should recall and apologize for the offensive
word.
And shall it be said that in the American Con-
gress there is less freedom of debate than in Eng-
land under the house of Hanover, or m France,
when she lies a helpless victim, scarce palpitating,
m the grasp of a Bonaparte?
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
told us last night, m terms of eloquence which 1
cannot emulate, that when Lord Chatham, a^ed,
feeble, wrapped m flannel and suffering from dis-
ease, came resting upon the arm of his still greater
son, to address for the last time the British
House of Lords, and to die upon the floor, he
came to speak against the dismemberment of the
British empire. It is tiue,and what did he say?
" I told yuu this war would be disastrous; I pre-
dicted its consequences; I told you you could not
conquer America; I begged you to conciliate
America; you would not heed my advice. You
have exhausted the country; you have sacrificed
its men; you have wasted its treasures; you have
driven these colonies to declare their independ-
ence; you have driven them into the arms ot o.ur
ancient and hated enemy, and now, wLthout sink-
ing a blow, without firing a shot, cowai dly under
difficulties as you were truculent in success, you
propose to yield through fear to France what you
have icfused as justice .to America.' Did H not
