MO
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
carried on between belligerents, and that Congress
derives its power from the law of nations govern-
ing war. Sir, let me ask what power Congress
can derive from the law of nations? Is there any
additional power whatever it can derive which is
not granted by the Constitution? Can Congress
change the law of natious in any particular? Of
course we must be governed by the laws of civil-
ized warfare, but how can Congress derive any
"authority from the law of nations?
if the Senator from Ohio is light, if his posi-
tion is correct, I maintain that there are but two
things which can be done in reference to this mat-
ter, If this is a war between belligerents all we
can do is to treat or conquer, and no law that
"Congress may make will have any influence or
power on our enemies so long as they are belli-
gerents. I shall not trouble myself to hunt up
the writers on the law of nations and read long
extracts, but I lay down the proposition, and I in-
vite the Senator from Ohio to discuss it.
The Senator from Ohio says there is nothing
in the Constitution preventing the course which
he proposes. I do not state his precise language,
but that is the substance of what he said. Sir,
that statesman in search of power for Congress
who is driven to this argument is argumentless.
It cannot be supported by precedent; it cannot
be supported by reason; it cannot be supported
by principle. I do not propose to amplify on
these propositions; I merely state them. I am
speaking without notes and with very little prep-
aration .
But the Senators, ho wever much they may differ
in reference to the point from which they deiive
the power, all seem to concur in the proposition
that it is necessary in order to biing tins war to a
successful issue that you shall dispose of the ques-
tion of slavery. I concur to some extent with
those who say that the institution of shivery is
gone; but I say you may wipe it from existence
to-morrow, and you advance no step towaid the
putting dovyn of the rebellion, if it is a rebellion,
or the ending of the civil war, if it is civil war.
We have tried that for three years, and how Cu-
lms it advanced our cause? Your proclamation
of emancipation gave to Jeff. Davis fifty thousand
bayonets when his cause was sinking. Your acts
of confiscation gave to him armies when he could
pot have got armies by any other means. You
have pursued this line of policy, this course of
legislation, and it has accomplished nothing. All
the interests of the country, the interests of the
white race, demand that we .should bring this war
to a speedy close, preserving the integrity of the
Onion and the rights of the States.
Now, Mr. President,I differ from some of my
own friends on this side of the Chamber. In the
army of the confederacy they have not to-day
over two hundred and fifty thousand men; they
had not dm ing last year over three hundred thou-
sand; they have never had over foui hundred
thousand men at anytime during the progress of
the war. We have to-day seven bundled thou
sand, that is we are feeding and paying t hat many
The President has called for five hundred thou-
sand more. We have never had less than six
hundred thousand in thefield, often eight hundred
thousand.
The cicdit of Mr. Davis's government is worth-
less. The people inside of their lines are suffer-
ing for many of the necessaiies of life, and the
supplies both of materials of war, ammunition,
and the like, and food are scarce and difficult to be
obtained for their army.
Why is it that this civil uar has been permit-
ted to linger so long? You have all the depait-
rrieitts of the Government and such an army as
the sun has never shone upon. Why did you not
end ulast year? Why do you not do it now ? You
have nimies and resouices, credit and money.
Why don't you end the warJ
I will tell you why you cannot. Your thoughts
are turned upon the negro; your legislation is di-
rected for his benefit; your ideas'ali float in and
around him, from your Executive down. Instead
of turning your attention to putting: down the re-
bellion, to enfoicing the laws of the Union under
the Constitution, which you have the right to do,
you are legislatnjg for the benefit of the ne^to.
That white man vviio has boine civilization so lar,
you have lost sight of and ignored. Sir, you are ![ lence. If they do, in six months the rebellion
responsible before the American people to-day for '! will be over.
the continuance of this war. You have made no jj Hut, Mr. President, I do not feel very much
call for troops that has not been answered. You
have had the resources of the country with you.
Any other country on the face of the earth with
the blunders of this Administration would have
been destroyed and utterly ruined. It shows the
immense resources of this country and its great
powers of endurance, when it can stand so many
blunders and so much-mismanagement. But, sir,
suppose we adopt a little different policy; suppose
that instead of pursuing this policy that has done
so much mischief we turn our attention toanother.
We have the lights of history thrown along our
path. Let us be instructed by them. Let us pro-
claim to these people real amnesty—not such as
has been proclaimed by Mr. J^incoln—and £ive
them six or nine months to accept it, and limit
the time of its operation. Do that, and this diffi-
culty will be settled very speedily. Open some
door to those men who have gone into rebellion
by which they can escape from the position which
they are in, and they will retire from it very soon.
My opinion is that if the President of the United
States had proclaimed universal amnesty at any
time within the last eighteen months, this war
would now be over.
But an objection is urged that we shall soon
have back all the leaders in political positions.
There is no feaj of this. The leaders in unsuc-
cessful rebellion cease to lead when their cause
dcclincs.
But, sir, I agree there is justice in the proposi-
tion that the men who originated such a war as
this should be punished. The proclamation of
amnesty by the President is more for the negro
than ending the rebellion. He excludes from his
amnesty all officers above the grade of colonel in
the army, besides others. It is very easy to give
amnesty to all except the leaders.
If I understand the relation between the citizen
and his Government it is that, while the citizen
owes to the Government the duty of support, the
Government on the other hand owes to him the
duty of piotection; and where the Government
permits a dc facto government in opposition to its
own authority to be raided up, and the citizen has
no courts to appeal to, no aimies to protect him,
he has nothing left but to lend acquiescence and
support to the dc facto government that exists and
claims his obedience. Apply that principle here.
There aie many men in the southern country who
held out to the last, who refused to have any thing
to do with this rebellion, as we once called it; but
tins Government had no forts there; it had no
courts tin re to which they could appeal; they
had no tribunals in which their rights could be
protected. They had then necessarily to give in
their acquiescence to the dc facto government.
There may be many such men that have lisen to
be colonels or brigadier generals, and the President
says he will not pardon them, he will not for-
give them. I>y the terms of his proclamation the
most mischievous of all the men that were in the
southern countiy may be included within the am-
nesty, while those least guilty nuy be excluded.
Now, Mr. Piesuient, that we may avoid all
this difficulty and escape fiom ail this cmbariass-
ment, suppose Congress, as it has the power to
do, should pass an act of amnesty to cveiy man
now engaged in the uibellion or living in the rebel
States who would lav down his aims and lend
his support to the Government, excluding from
the piovisions of that amnesty all those who en-
gaged in the rebellion prior to April 15, 1861, for
that was the day on which Mr. Lincoln issued
his proclamation calling for seventy-five thousand
troops, which was a concession on the part of this
Government that we were not able to lend our
piotection to citizens living in the rebel States.
That would exclude all the leadeis.
Suppose Congress should embrace in a bill a
provision like this: that amnesty be tendered to
those who have engaged m lebellion against the
United States upon condition of submission by
them to the Constitution and Jaws, excluding
from its protection only those who took part in
said rebellion before the 15th day of April, 18G1,
as being the prime movers of the insurrection,
originating it, and leading it on before the usurped
governments m the several States had established
an authority to compel citizens to enter the tanks
>f the army, giving the color of law to its vio
like discussing the rights and privileges, the ben-
efits and glories of the negro, while there is de-
nied every guarantee of the Federal Constitution
to the white man if'he happens to differ in opin-
ion from the Executive. I would rather discuss
with these gentlemen—and I invite them to that
discussion—where is your habeas coiyus, where is
your due process of law, where is your trial by
jury, where is your right to bear arms, where is
'your free ballot, where are your fiee speech and
free press, where are all those great privileges and
lights for which our ancestors fought during the
American Revolution, and which have been oui
boastfrom that time up to this ? They are stricken
down; they are gone. If gentlemen suppose they
can amuse or interest us with the negro, while
these inestimable rights are menaced or when they
are lost, they are simply mistaken.
The Senator from Ohio, speaking of the case of
a citizen of his own State whom the military seized
and transported beyond our lines, said the people
of Ohio sat as a jiuy, and a majority of them de-
cided that he ought to have been banished. What
is liberty worth in this countiy if it is to be de-
cided by a popular majority? It has been the
boast of our English ancestors, and it has been
ours, that the humblest citizen m the land, as well
as the most eminent, could appeal to the courts of
his country and get security for his rights by that
means. The Senator from Ohio says the citizens
may be tried and punished by military power,
and that all that is necessary to make it right is to
pass a sentence at a popular election in the State
sustaining the military. Sir, the Constitution of
the United States guaranties, in time of war as
well as peace, indictment if for a criminal offense,
trial by jury, to confront his accusers, and due
process of law to any man who is not in the Army
or Navy of the United States. The Senator says
that Mr.Vuilandigham was clearly guilty. Guilty
of what? There is a slight difference between
htm and the President of the United States. The
President declared that he was guilty of no of-
fense; that juwes were made to try criminals who
had committed offenses; that that was too slow
a process in that case, and he was afraid the per-
son would commit some offense, and hence he
was tried and punished in the manner which was
adopted.
We have heard that eloquent Senator's voice
proclaim ngam and again m favor of universal
freedom to the negro, universal ughts to the ne-
gro; but when it comes to the white man, he is
not entitled to quite so many rights, and the pro-
visions of the Constitution made for his benefit
arc to be trampled under foot, and he is to be
oppressed if he differs ftom him in political opin-
ion. Sir, it is more important to mo, it is more
important to those who are to come after me, it is
more important to Christianity and civilization,
that the white race should be preserved than any
ol her. Sir, you may turn back m history and you
will find that wherever they have been, they have
borne along with them civilization, improve-
ment , and advancement. In the seaich of knowl-
edge they have tiaveised all the earth. What
have the other race done? What improvement
have they made? What advancement have they
made > Sir, J would pi pserve the supenoi ity in
this country of the white race.
I will not now discuss the question of slavery.
J will not be provoked into its discussion. Gen-
tlemen say it is dead or dying. Let it die. But
while Senators are struggling for the rights of the
negro they forget the white race—the race that
has made this countiy so gieat and so glorious,
that has upheld your flag in tiiumph on every
ocean, and has carried your commeice to all the
eivili7ed ports of the earth. I maintain that that
lace is entitled to the protection guarantied to
them by the Constitution and laws.
Sir, the gentleman from Ohio is progressing
very fast. It is among the dangers that threaten
us at the present time when we find one who jias
heretofore thought so correctly and been so mod-
eiate throwing the weight of his influence in
favor of the most extreme measures and leading
the van of those who suppoit them.
While speaking of this subject of amnesty
there was one point fln t I had almost forgotten,
j Senators say they do not want to foigive the lead-
| ers m this rebellion.- There was flourishing
) around here the other day a man by the name of
I GaiUt, from Arkansas. When a pottion of the
