1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Senate take a, recess from four and a half to seven
o'clock p. m.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Indiana
will, I think, do mo the ciedit to admit that what
I propose to do in legislation I endeavor to do
directly and without deception. I frankly admit
to him thai my purpose in this amendment is to
make a discrimination against the State banks,
and to compel them to withdraw then circulation.
The tax which I propose on the circulation of
local bank paper is two and two fifths per.cent. per
annum on the amount of circulation up to ninety
per cent, on the capital stock; and four per cent.
Fer aiwium on all circulation above ninety percent.
must tako this occasion to make some general
observations in regard to our finances and of the
currency.
No man of intelligence can reflect upon the
present condition of public affairs, and especially
the monetary affairs of this country, without
feeling a sentiment of alarm. Every one will
admit that the gieat evil of the times now is the
inflation of- paper money, i will not stop to in-
qune into the causes of this inflation, but every
one can see on the surface of things that undue
inflation of the currency of a country is one of
the greatest evils that could befall* it. It induces
the hoarding of gold; but that is the least of the
evils of inflation. It induces wild and reckless
speculation. Men, seeing their neighbors make
sudden profits by the depreciation of papermoney,
embark in the wildest speculations; become in-
volved in debt; engage in enterprises that are
far heyond their reach, and rum is suie to follow,
inflation deranges all values, so that no man can
tell what is the real value of the property he
possesses; it may be very high to-day and very
low to-moi row. This creates an excited condi-
tion of the public mind, so that people become in
turn alarmed or elated, sometimes needlessly.
The evils of the inflation of paper money have
been so often depicted by historians in the expe-
rience of other nations that 1 will not stop to
dwell on them.
What are the causes of this inflation? I say
there are many. The great cause is the fact that
we are in the midst of an expensive war. We
are compelled to use an amount of money that
no other nation in ancient or modern times has
been able to use. The sums of money we are now
appropriating and expending aie far beyond any
sums that have ever been expended before by any
nation, even the wealthiest and the greatest.
When this war broke out, the whole currency of
the Government was gold and silver. Bank paper
was only used as a medium of local exchange.
The paper of the Bank of the State of Indiana,
however good it may be, and I know it has al-
ways been well managed, and of the Bank of the
State of Ohio would not pass current in New Eng-
land 01* in New York or in any of the eastern
States, although it was founded upon a gold basis,
and every dollar of it when presented was re-
deemed in gold and silver. After all it was but
a local cutreney which could notice disseminated
and used all over the country. The paper of New
England floated into the West, was paid out for
our products, and finally came back to procure
exchange; but the only national currency was
gold and silver. When the war broke out gold
and silver disappeared like magic. Coin disap-
peared in December, 1861, and from that time
it has been consideied simply an article of com-
merce; it has been demonetized. Why? Because
of the state of war. This is one of the evils and
incidents of war. Gold and silver coin is more
timid than a woman, more timid than a child. In
the midst of war it has always disappeared. The
Government of the United States was compelled
theiefore to rely on paper money. For six mouths
we carried on this war upon the basis of gold and
silver. '1 he banks now state that the Govern-
ment broke them because it withdrew the gold and
silver from their vaults and paid it out, to the
Army, spiead it broadcast over thecountiy, and
they could not get it back into their vaults m time
to pay it out again for their notes when they were
presented. But that was the incident of war. We
had to receive money, and in large sums, and to
pay it out. Such is a consequence of war, and
one of the most important consequences. The
very need of large sums produces a scarcity of it
and compels an enlargement of the volume ofcur-
rency. If gold cannot be had rapidly enough,
then m war cither military supplies must be im-
pressed by force or paper promises must be is-
sued as a substitute.
The Government of the United States was com-
pelled to resort to one of three expedients. It
must make the State bank paper the medium of ex-
change as was done in the war of 1812, or it must
issue its own paper, its credit,, its notes, and cir-
culate them as money, or it must throw on the
market the bonds of the United States and receive
for those bonds gold and silver coin. What course
ought to have been adopted? Does the Senator
from Indiana think the United States should have
repealed the sub-Treasury law wisely put upon
the statute-book by the Democratic party in its
best days? Would he have recommended the
repeal of the sub-Treasury law and the use of
local bank paper for all the transactions of the
Government? I think not, because, although he
now seems to be very much attached to these lo.cal
banks, he would scarcely have recommended a
policy which would place the Government of the
United States in the power and control of banks
organized by thirty different States, over the ex-
tent of whose issues the Government of the Uni-
ted States had no control—banks organized on
various bases; some founded upon stocks, like the
banks of New York; some founded upon capital
paid in, like the banks of New England; and some
wildcat banks with no foundation at all.
It was manifest that the operations of this war
could not be carried on upon the basis of the bank
currency. What was to be done ? Were we to
sell the bonds of the United States and procure
money in that way? This was tried for six
months. Our seven-thirty bonds, bearing an in-
terest in gold of seven anu three tenths per cent.,
were thrown into the market and sold at a loss.
Our six per cent, bonds, principal and interest
payable in coin, redeemable at the end of twenty
years, were sold at something like 92. Every
man of sense knows that the effort to carry on
the operations of this great war by the sale or the
bonds of the United States would have glutted the
markets of all the world. There was not gold
enough in the United States, nor in the worlu, to
carry on a war of this magnitude and form a cir-
culating medtum. If we had pursued that policy,
a policy which no man recommended, we should
soon have exhausted the supplies of gold. If we
had thrown our bonds upon the market, the re-
sult would have been-that they would now be
scarcely worth what the French assignats were
during the revolution in that country.
VJhat else was left to ua ? We were compelled
to resort to the issue of paper money. We
did it, first limiting the amount of the issue to
$200,000,000, then increasing it to $250,000,000,
and finally reaching $400,000,000. There the
Secretary of the Treasury determined to stop,
and he told us in his annual report that he would
not issue another dollar unless ho was compelled
to do so by the peremptory legislation of Con-
gress, and that has been ins position since.
Mr. President, it is one of tlie plainest and sim-
plest laws of finance and of currency that you
can only have a certain amount of circulating
medium in the country. It may be difficult to
fix the limit, but whenever that limit is reached,
you cannotissue more; any attempt to issue more
only destroys all values. Currency is to the na-
tion precisely what blood is to the individual. It
is the medium of exchange; it enlists the soldier;
it feeds him, it clothes him, precisely as the blood
conveys the nutriment from air, food, and water
to support human life. Currency is-like blood;
the very moment a sufficiency is in the human
frame to form a healthy circulation you daie not
add to the quantity without producing disease and
finally death. So it is with the currency of the
country, whether it is gold or papermoney. The
United States had the right to issue its notes. It
was the only couise left. There was no way to
conduct this war except by issuing them. Now
the question comes up whether the bank notes
issued by local corporations do not tend to em-
barrass and hinder the Government in the use
of its clear power to borrow money and issue
paper.
1 will not go back to the argument which I pre-
sented to the Senate two years ago, in which I
laid before them the authorities*#!) this question,
and showed' that some of thefcameifs of the Gov.-
emment, that such statesmen as Jefferson and
Madison, and, to come later (lown evefi the great
Daniel Webster, expressed the opinion.that th$
issue of State bank paper money was notwithui
the purview of the Constitution; that paper money
issued by a State bank was really, a bill of credit
issued by a State, and therefore prohibited by
the Constitution. But waiving that question, J
ask whether, when the Government is,,compelled '
to enter the arena and make a paper motley cur-
rency, the supply of a similar currency by otv
ganized banks, chartered by thirty different States,
does not tend to embarrass and destroy the power
of the Government? The Government of the
United States cannot regard the paper issued by
State banks as money. Would the'Senator fron*
Indiana, I ask him now in. all candor, vote for a
law that would authorize the Government of the
United States to pay out the notes of the banks of
New England, Now Yprk, or of the other States?
If so, hp would abandon his favorite theory. .1
believe no one of us would be willing: to do it, be-
cause, although some of those banks are sub-
stantial and well founded, we should not like to
resort to paper not controlled by the Government,
and not depending on the security of the Govern-
ment. He does not propose to do it.
Now, sir, what are the'facts? <5 have four
hundred millions of United States notes outstand-
ing, and the State banks have one hundred and
sixty-seven millions of theirnotes out. We have
twohundred millions of legal-tender notes bearing
interest, but which are only in circulation to a lim-
ited extent. Who does not know that this enor-
mous volume of paper tends to embarrass all the
operations of the Government, tends to raise the
prices of all the provisions needed, for the Gov-
ernment, tends to create extravagance and profli-
gacy, and a wild spirit of speculation?
It is, therefore, the problem of the times; the
most important thing Congress can do is to re-
duce even by arbitrary measures the volume of
circulation. How shall it be done ? I say in the
first place that it ought to be doneby compelling
the State banks to withdraw their paper issues.
In times of peace they did no harm. They merely
filled the channels of local circulation. In times
of war, however, these bank notes compete with
the notes issued by the Government, necessarily
issued by it, which itcould not getalong without,
and they tend to swell the volume of currency be-
yond what is necessary. I say, then, and I pro-
claim it openly, that my purpose is not so much
revenue as it is to retire the circulation of local
bank paper with a view to the reduction of the
currency.
Suppose we should now by a system of tax-
ation, high taxation, if you please, compel the
banks to pay their $167,000,000 of indebtedness
to the people in the form of circulating notes,
would not that reduce the currency r The with- *
drawal of that bank paper would do more to
bring prices down to the old standard than any
measure which could be proposed. Has not the
Government the right to do this? Has it not the
power to do it? I think it has, and i think it is
its duty to do it. If 1 had my way I would levy
on these banks as a tax the full amount of law-
ful interest on their circulating notes; and why?
These banks do not redeem their notes; th« y
do not comjdy with their contract with the peo-
ple; thfy do not pay-gold and silver coin for
their notes. They do not redeem their notes in
the mode pointed out by law. There is not a
single charter organizing a bank in the United
States that has not been forfeited by the express
provisions of that chartei. Suppose we enfotce
that forfeiture, have we not a right to do it? These
banks are receiving now from the people interest
on their circulating notes. Why should not that
be paid and used for the benefit of the General
Government? I know no reason.
I say, therefore, that it will be a wise act of le-
gislation to induce the State banks to retire their
issues, or to compel them to do so by taxation. It
has been often said that this is an interference
with the right of property. It is not. It only
compels these banks to pay their debts and with-
draw their circulation. It has been called a con-
fiscation of existing rights. It is not. It does not
confiscate a single right; and when these banks
