1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
543
to be entitled to reccive a copy of the record in
his own case upon paying the cost of copying the
same.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line eleven, after the word
"also" to insert the words " keep minutes and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the did
of the first section the following words:
And ail members of such boards of examination shall, be-
fore ptoceeding to the discharge of their duties as herein
provided, swear or aftti rn that they will conduct all examin-
ations with impai tiality, and with a sole view to the quali-
fications of the person or persons to be examined; and that
they will not divulge the vote ofany member upon the ex-
amination of any officer who may appear before them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a thiid reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
pay ojf tiie army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
7) to increase the bounty for volunteers and the
pay of the Army is the first bill on the general
orders, and is now before the Senate for its con-
sideration.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the billlie on the
table. It is a subject on which there should be
further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
"The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 9, 1864.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. Furness, of Philadelphia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
treasurer's accounts.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from theTreas-
urer of the United Stales, transmitting copies of
his accounts with the United States for the third
and fourth quarters of the year 1862, and the first
and second quartetsof the year 18G3, as adjusted
by the accounting officers of the Treasury; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
railroad grant.
Mr. HOTCHKISS, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill granting lands to aid in constructing the Lake
Superior railroad, and providing for the use of the
same by the United States free of charge; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
confiscation.
Mr. STILES. Mr. Speaker, I ask leave to
record my vote on the joint resolution explana-
tory of the confiscation act.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. STILES. I was necessarily absent. If
I had been present I should have voted "No."
louisiana contested election.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to have the patience
of the House for a few moments this morning to
dispose of the Louisiana election case. The gen-
tleman who claims the seat desires to be heard,
but he will be brief, and then I propose to move
the previousquestion. 1 therefore call up the case.
The House accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of the following resolution, leported
from the Committee of Elections:
Resolved, That A. P. Field is not entitled to a seat in
this House as a Kepie-eutative from the State of Louisiana
in the Thirty-Eighth Confess.
Mr. FIELD, (claimant.) I regret very much in-
deed, Mr. Speaker, that I am compelled to ask the
indulgence of the House for the short time which it
will take me to conclude the remarks which I com-
menced the other day. Business of more impoit-
iince has since occupied the time of the House and
demanded the attention of members. I design,
however, to present to the consideration of the
House, in the conclusion of my remarks, some
documents which bear upon the claim of Louis-
iana to be represented upon this floor. I have
submitted to the House the correspondence be-
tween the committee representing the people of
that portion of Louisiana loyal to the Government
of the United States and the military authorities
or the military governor. That committee also,
in order to act in harmony with the military au-
thorities and to do nothing which could be com-
plained of, addressed a communication to the com-
manding general of that district. On the 10th of
September of last year, after having addressed a
communication to the military governor of the
State of Louisiana, the committee t^so addressed
a letter to General Banks, commanding the de-
partment of the Gulf, a copy of which letter 1
hold in my hand now and ask to have read.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
New Orleans, September 21,1863.
General: In conformity with a resolution unanimously
adopted at a meeting of citizens of the first and second
concessional districts of the State of Louisiana, convened
for the purpose of taking measutes for the ^establishment
of civil government in Louisiana, we have the honor here-
with to tiausinit you copies of all the proceedings.
In fulfilling this duty we indulge the hope thru ihesuccesa
which you have achieved in the cause of our national
unity will speedily be followed by a restoration ofcivilgov-
eminent in Louisiana, undei the Constitution of the United
States.
We subscribe ourselves, with great ic&pect, your obe-
dient servants,
J. L. IUDOELL, P>csident.
ROBERT J. KERR, Sccrctary.
General Nathaniel P. Banks.
Mr. FIELD. The Committee of Elections
maintain, in their report, that I am here without
a constituency. It will be remembered from the
documents which I have presented to the House
that in our unfortunate divisions ill Louisiana a
portion of the loyal men—because I will call them
loyal—contended that the State was out of the
Union, that we were a conquered teriitory, and
that, therefore, we could not rightfully hold any
election in the State under any circumstances
whatever.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allofy me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FIELD. I will if it is not to be taken out
of my time.
The SPEAKER. It will come out of the gen-
tleman's lime.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman speaks of his
having been unifoimly loyal. 1 desne to askhim
one question. I ask him if he did not in May,
18G2, publish a card in the New Orleans Delta
stating in substance that "some persons had slan-
dered him by saying that he had gone on board
a Yankee gunboat, a pai t of Fariagut's fleet then
lying in the 1 iver, but that his known character for
loyalty to the South should forbid the imputation
from being believed by any person who knew
him'" Such a card was published over the sig-
nature of a peison bearing the same name as the
claimant, and I want to know if he was the author
of that card>
Mr. FIELD. I desire to know the author of
the communication from which the gentleman has
read.
Mr. STEVENS. The author is Major Gen-
eral Butler, whose name is signed to this paper.
Mr. FIELD. So far as any charge upon my
loyalty is concerned—'—■
Mr. STEVENS. 1 would like an answer to
my question.
Mr. FIELD. I deny having been anything
but a loyal man from the commencement of this
rebellion.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman from
Louisiana will give way to me for a moment.
Mr. FIELD. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I think it due to the gentle-
man from Louisiana that I should state that he
brought letteis to me from gentlemen well known
to this House, and especially from Hon. Michael
Halm, who, although he diiTeis with Mr. Field
as to his right to a seat heie, takes pleasure in cer-
tifying his loyalty and his support of the Gov-
ernment. I am glad of this occasion to bear tes-
timony to the character of the gentleman from
Louisiana in this respect, aftei the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. stuvicks,]
who believes in foreign nations rather than ill
sister States. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. That is a very poor answer
to my question. i asked a question, and I should
like to have an answer to it.
Mr. FIELD. Mr. Speaker, I must return my
thanks to the distinguished chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections for having made this com-
munication to this House. I am prepared upon
this floor, or anywhere, to vindicate my loyalty
to the country. I have had no feeling in my life
unless it was that of loyalty and devotion to this
great and glorious Government. Some men who
have communicated with the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. !?tevems] may have
distrusted my loyalty because 1 could not sub-
scribe to the doctrine contended for by a certain
portion of those who opposed my election.
Mr. Speaker, I was going on to say, when in-
terrupted, something in reply to the statement of
the report of the Committee of Elections, that I am
here without a constituency. Let me read one
resolution of the party in Louisiana that main-
tains the same doctrine that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does. In answer to the communi-
cation of the people of Louisiana to join them in
holding an election, they resolved—
" That, in the opinion of the committee, the constitution
nnil the government of Louisiana were and remain over-
thrown and destroyed liy the rebellion and subsequent eon-
quest of the State, and that until a new constitution shall
tmve been adopted by the loyal citizens of the State no
elections for a member of a State Legislaturecan or ought
to be held."
Here is n large party sustaining the very views
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Certainly
those gentlemen were of the belief that our Gov-
ernment had been overthrown, our Constitution
destroyed, and our land virtually gone, aod they
could not of course enler into any effort to bring
the State into the Union except upon their own
teims.
1 will now read from the National Intelligencer.
Men of that party have taken pains to write let-
ters licic assailing the commanding general—Gen-
eral Banks—who is now in charge of that depart-
ment. Ilere is what 1 find in the National Intel-
ligencer under the heading of " Reconstruction
in Louisiana:"
New Orleans, January 9, IP64.
Dear Sir: President Lincoln has started a Missouri
ease m Louisiana, and has made Banks our master; and
Banks i.- another .Sclioficid, only worse t hart he. Our mass
meeting la&t evenm? was a complete success; but its ob-
ject will be defeated by Banks, who, under orders direct
1'ioin tin; President, declares his purpose to order an elec-
tion for a convention; thus playnur into the hand? of Cott-
man. Riddle, and Field-, and tlieircrew. TheUnionnien
— the ti ue CTniou men—are thunderstruck by the cour.se of
the President in t!m mattei.
We weie not inhumed o( the President's orders to Gen-
eral Hanks until the hour of the meeting last night, and the
meeting was not iimmned at all. General Shepley, who is
generally liked, and who has done ail be could to promote
the free ^tate cause, and to organize a free State govern-
ment, will resign, and the election ordered by Banks will
be putely ut military dictation, and will be so regaided.
X know not the secret spimg of all these acts of the
President, and think the president has probably been de-
ceived b\ interested and base men. His tiue friends, and
the friend« of his measures, are much grieved by the course
he has authorized. 11 U certain ttiat Hanks has the un-
changed confidence of Mr. liincoln. ilere he is legarded
as another Schofield, without the military talent of that offi-
cer. is it not possible to yet the President to countermand
his oiders to Hanks immediately, and let the people man-
age matters as they have begun to do?
Mr. Speaker, it will be now seen by the House
that the President nor any other in charge can
please a certain portion of the people of Louis-
iana who call themselves loyal. Unless the Pres-
ident conforms his plans precisely to their plans,
or if he happens to charge some man in the de-
partment of Louisiana with control of the recon-
struction of the State, they are shocked at it.
They call upon the President to displace him, and
they denounce him worse than was General Scho-
field who had chaige of the department of Mis-
souri.
So you see, Mr. Speaker, that every effort on
the part of the people of Louisiana who are de-
sirous of a return to the Union was made for the
purpose of harmonizing: all of the elements to
bring the State back at the earliest period possi-
ble. She ought to have been brought back more
j than twelve months ago. More than twelve
i months ago she would have been in the Union
! and represented here if the people of Louisiana
| had been allowed to pursue the course which they
'[ desired in reference to that election.
ii It is contended on the part of gentlemen in this
ij House that we had no authority to hold an elec-
j! tion, that we were in a condition which forbade
11 an election to be held in Louisiana. I ask those
i! gentlemen to look at the State of Arkansas. She
i! has gone to woik in the proper way. She has
inaugurated a mode of bringing the State back into
the Union less objectionable than any other. The
loyal people entitled to vote have assembled in
convention. I believe that they have also elected
