THE) CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 4,
#C<sqm.plMbi that end I will show, him the way %
4o it..... • >. ■ ;•
4 Mr-. TRUMBUJLL. I understood theSeontor
-ffjhh New yvrk to say that he knew of ivq con-
,$tit'uuorialobjeetion to the redaction of the salary
of a judge of  ,Tfjsite4 .States court. * ,
y: Mr.-LANE, of Kansas.. . I submit that it is
ratiier lfite in the sesftion to go into a oonstitu-
.tional argunieflt.,:
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is not too
slate-lo abide bythe Ccmstituuofli I will read a
portiowofi" the first section of the third article of
tM-■Constitution.:-. • * -. • !
- 11 boll! of the supreme and Inferior courts,
hfild lttcir <iffices during good behavior, ami siiall,
at stated times, receive for their services a compensation,
winch shall Jjpt.lie diminished during their continuance in
' - '
. If there is any way to diminish the salary of a
judge of a United States court under that provision
J am not aware of it. Besides, there would not
he the propriety which Uie Senator seems to sup-
pose in diminisjiing .it.' ^fhe Senator made an
argument the otfier night to show tliat there was
'a large population in western New York. Why,
^sjr.'the amount of business does notdepend upon
.population, "there are more cases in the city of
Chicago-than ,in Judge Hall's whole circuit.
Mr. HARRIS. ' The Senator is entirely mis-
taken t "
Mr.'TRJJMBULL. r think not. I think the
records will show that there are more casos in that
^city alone than in Judge Hall's whole circuit, i
should he very much mistaken if it is not so.
Mr. HARRIS. ' You arc very much mistaken.
,, Mr. TRUMBtJLL. Has the Senator got the
statistics ?
Mr. HARRIS. I know how it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 will not set up my
opinion against that of the Senator, because 1 have
not got the qfficial statements; but I know that
the court in the city of Chicago is in session
nearly the whole year. I do not think there are
sixty days in the year that the United States court
for the northern district is not in session in the
city of Chicago. The judge of the southern dis-
trict of Illinois has but $2,500. The idea that the
salary of a judge is to depend upon the popula-
tion m his district is a mistaken notion altogether.
Aa I said the other day, I Hunk there is a pro-
priety in paying.the judges of the United States
courts a larger salary than they now receive in
many instances; and particularly is that true in
regard to the judge in reference to whom an
amendment is now pending; that is, to increase
the salary of the district judge of the State of Con-
necticut. Senators are aware, I presume, that
under the laws as they now exist it is competent
to call a judge from one district to perform duties
in another. Under that provision of law it has
been the practice for years to call upon the judge
of the district court of the'State of Connecticut
to hold courts in the city of New York. I be-
lieve ho holds court there for months and months.
Mr. LAN E, of Kansas, Will the Senator from
Illinois yield to a motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business?
Mr. HARRIS. I hope we shall have a vote on
this bill.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It is utterly impossi-
ble tojrct it through by the hour of adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifthere is executive busi-
ness to he done, I will yield.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. A message has just
come in from the President of the United States
requiring attention.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yield.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. Then I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope the Senate will not
agree to that motion until a vote is taken upon
this bill. Although I have a complete answer, I
think, to the suggestions made by the Senator
from Illinois, I will not say another word. Let
him defeat the bill if he can by his indirect mo-
tions.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. The Senator from Il-
linois has just commenced his speech, aconstitu-
tional argument, and it is idle for us to remain
here to hear a speech at this stage of the session.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is no constitutional argu-
. inept.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas, That is I113 speech.
I insist on my motion unless the Senator from
-IUirwis can close, his,speech now.
TRUMBULL. X will say to the Senator
jfrout Kansas I am not going to make,a constitu-
tional argument. I will say to the Senator from
New Yc>i;k I -am not going to take up time by
making a speech to defeat this bill if the Senate
think proper to consider it. I did want the Sen-
ate to see exactly the effect of raising the salary
of one judge and not the others. It seems tome
improper; aud when I have presented that point
I shall- take up no time. I will inform the Sen-
ator from Kansas that if he will withdraw his
motion I do not think I shall speak fi.ve minutes.
Mr. LANE, ofKansas. Five minutes is just
what we cannot spare.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, we can.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. ^I'here is'a large
executive calendar yet to be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will withdraw it
for five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not occupy the
attention of the Senate more than five minutes.
I ask Senators, if I can get their attention for one
moment, is it right to raise the salary of this
judge when wehave refused and your committee
has acted upon it, to raise the salaries of other
judges? I cannot now take up the cases, because
it would occupy more than five minutes to go on
and show the instances of judges with inadequate
salaries. We considered this whole subject in
committee, and we reported against raising the
salaries of any of the judges at this time. I ask
Senators all around me, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Scmner,] and all others who see
the difficulties the country is in, whether it is
right to go on and raise the salary of one judge
and not raise the others? Admit that this salary is
inadequate. Why, sir, our salaries are inadequate.
There is not a member of this body butis spend-
ing more money than he gets from the Govern-
ment. Is it right to single out one judge without
doing justice to the others? Is it not unjust to
the other judges? I really wish the Senator from
New York would not persist in this, and I think
he ought not to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment submitted by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will withdraw my
amendment and let us take the vote directly
whether we will raise this one judge's salary.
Mr. HALE. What was your amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was to raise the salary
of another judge, the judge in Connecticut.
Mr. HALE. I insist on the vote being taken
on that amendment to raise the salary of the judge
in Connecticut. I think it ought to be tried.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is renewed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. I think there is quite
as n ucli justice in that case as there is in Judge
Hall's.
Mr. MORRILL. That will defeat the bill.
Mr. HALE. It will not hurt me very much
if it does.
If we had time, which we have not got, I should
like to give a little history of this Judge Hall, of
the way he got his appointment, of the way he
got on the bench; and if my memory serves me
right—1 think I am not entirely at fault—there is
nothing in that history that would entitle him to
ask the consideration of this Senate over and
above the other districtjudges. Perhaps my friend
from New York remembers it, or perhaps he does
not; but, sir, the history of the elevation of Judge
Hall to the district court of the United States is
peculiar, very peculiar; and it is not such aa en-
titles him, in my humble judgment, to say the
least of it, to any consideration beyond the other
judges; for instance, the judge of the district
court of Connecticut, whose case is now pend-
ing. He is an eminent judge, and is required to
go into the State of New, York and hold courts
there more than half the year.
Mr. SUMNER. The judge of the district
court in Boston also—Judge Sprague.
Mr. WILKINSON. I want to inform the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire upon one point.
Mr. HALE. What is that?
Mr. WILKINSON. There is a reason why
Judge Hall should be selected out and his salary
raised. ■' ■ 1 . ; -
• Mr. HALE. What is it?
Mr. WILKINSON. Itis the course which he
-took on the indictments for the Jerry rescue. Per-
haps the Senator remembers something about it.
Mr. HALE. I remember it. Judge Hail has
done more. There has been on the part'of sev<-
eral judges in this country a persevering, wicked,
perverse determination and conspiracy to break
down jury trials, and Judge Hall is one of the
most prominent,and active, and conspicuous,and
offensive of those judges. He has literally broken
down the trial by jury in criminal cases in his
court. Those tliat want to See the trial by jury
broken down in this country may vote to give
Judge Hall an extra salary for doing it. In the
criminal cases which grew op under the legislation
of 1850, he-took the jury up and examined them
one by one, and refused to let any juryman siton
criminal cases that would not beforehand pledge
himself, substantially, to give a verdict according
to hisdirection. That attempt was coinmencedin
New Hampshire. I believe the origin and the
only foundation for it was found in an early de-
cision in Indiana, and the Indiana court, to their
credit, overruled that decision. Then it was per-
severed in and became the law of New Hamp-
shire by the usurpation of the chief justice there,
who was a very able man. When these trials
came up under the fugitive slave law this doc-
trine was eagerly grasped upon by the judges of
the United States court, and they virtually nul-
lified the law, so that a trial by jury in criminal
cases in the circuit court of the United States in
the State of New York is not worth anything at
all; it is nullified; and no man who will not con.-
sent to promise before he goes on a jury to ren-
der a verdict in criminal cases in matters of law
according to the direction and dictation of the
judge can sit on a jury. I suppose it is for that,
in addition to the manner in which Judge Hall
got on the bench, that he is to be paid this extra
compensation. Sir, I am opposed to it, but I
will not talk against time and kill it in that way.
I will let a fair vote be taken upon it. I am op-
posed to raising these salaries, but if they are
to be raised 1 want to begin with some men who
have administered the law as they find it and who
are not advocates for breaking down jury trials.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will say a word or two,
and not talk against time either. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary agreed to report this bill,
which modifies the times and, places of holding
the courts in the northern district of the Stale of
New Yoik, according to the desire of the people
interested in those courts. That would seem to
be a great measure of public convenience that is
asked for and to which nobody has any objection;
but we have here a most persistentelfort to change
and enlarge the salary of a judge. The amount
involved is $750. That matter must arrest the
attention of Congress and must stop its progress
in the last hours of the session, for the purpose
of giving this Judge Hall $750 at this time, and
everything else must give way to that. Wecan-
not go into executive session to confirm the nom-
inations which are pending on the table, and all of
which will be lost, simply because Judge Hall's
salary must be increased f750,and tjiut over and
above the salary of the judge in almost every dis-
trict in the northern portion of the United States.
Now, sir, if this motion to go into executive ses-
sion shall not be cariied, 1 want to say some-
thing upon this subject, as I am a member of the
Judiciary Committee and I think I understand
something about it.
I Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
j from New Jersey give way for a motion to pro-
: ceed to the consideration of executive business?
Mr. TEN EYCK. Yes, sir,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I make that motion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
from Kansas to withdraw that motion for a mo-
ment until I can move to postpone prior orders
with a view of taking up the bill from the House
of Representatives in relation to the Congres-
sional Globe. It is very evident that we must
pass this bill now, or else the Globe stops; and I
hope it is not the pleasure of the Senate that that
great work, which has reflected so much credit
upon the country, shall be allowed to fail for
the want of proper support. My motion is, if
the Senator will allow me, to suspend all prior
