544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
a member of Congress from one of the districts,
.who, I understand, is here'and will present his
credentials. I further understand—I do not speak
from authority—that the proceedings of the peo-
ple of Arkansas, all independent of the military
authority, have been approved by theauthorities
here,or at least sanctioned to some extent by the
President of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, after the address to General Banks
in September last by the convention of loyal people
of Louisiana, they proceeded to publish an ad-
dress calling upon the people of New Oilcans to
assemble on the day of election for the purpose
<of holding an election. They proceeded to pub-
lish election notices,'one of which I will read:
election notiok.
State of Louisiana, Parish of St. Bernard.
Notice is hereby given to the elector of thp parish of St.
Bernard that an election will beheld, according to law, on
the first Monday in November next tor the following offi-
cers, namely: Governor, LicuUMtnnt Governor, Secretary of
State, Treasurer, Auditor, Attorney Geneial,Supermtend-
ant of Education, one member of emigres.-, loi second con-
gressional district, one member ol Congress for State at
laige,State Senators tor seiuitonal dMiici, and membeis of
State Legislature, &c., &c.; and that the polls will be open
on the aloresaid Monday, the 2d day of November next,
from nine o'clock a. in. to four 4 p in. at the several places
designated bylaw, being the tiMial places where elections
are held m said put Mi, as follows*.
Here is another notice which I will read:
election notice.
Slate of Louisiana, Parhh of St. Bet nard.
Notice h hereby given to the elcctois of the pansh of St.
Bernaid that an election will be held, according to law. on
the first Monday m November next for the following offi-
cer, muuely: Governor, Lieutenant IJovetnor, Secretaiy
of State, Treasuier, Auditor, Attorney General, Supenn-
tendent of Education, one member of Congress for fir.>t
congressional district, one member of Congress for State at
large, two IrUato senators tor first senatonal district, one
member of Slate Legislature; and that the polls will bo open
on the aforesaid Monday, the 2d day of November next, horn
nine o'clock a. ui. to (oui p. m. at the several place-, herealter
designated, being the tunal places whtno uloeUoiiMitc held
in said pai hh, as follow* :
In the fiistdiiViet, the lli^t poll to be held at the home
of Francisco Asevcdo, lately known a* the iJaiile-Giouml
Coffee-Ilou-c, umici Ihe Mipciiutendenee of MM, Victor
Dcbouchel, jr., F ;uieis,eo Asevedo, and Guiiiaum Wat-
rigny as eoiuiui6-,ioner>.
The second poll, at the eofl'eo-houee of Mr. Francisco
Artieta, under tiie supeiinfendence o( MM. Fianejxco At-
tiela, I. Meumei,and William T. Price.
In the second dir-tiict, at the ( ofTix-hoiiM- of Mr. Santiago
Pendas, under the Mjpeiintendence ol MM. Antonio Cha-
iuirc, Joseph 11. Serpan, and II. Turner.
In the thiid district, at the collee-hou >e of Mi. H. Guti-
6iez, uiidfr tliej-npeiintendenee of MM. I'iei u- Si. Germain,
jr., Adeiaid IMopmnl, and Fiancn-eo ft-topmal.
in the Ibiniii di.->triet, at the hoii-e of Mr. I'ablo Frhan,
underthohupciiuieiuletn'e of MM. Manuel iSeipat, Meleour
Bienvcmi. am) (Jtpncn Seiprw.
For the fifth district, fir-t poll at the coffee-house of Mr.
Domingoey. Kloie/., under the Mipenntendenec ot MM. Au-
gustus Nufiez, Leon Nuite/, and Vincent Minus
Second poll, at the gioceiy of Mi. 15. GiiUieiez, at the
JMand, Lake Leiy, umlei the Miperintendenee of MM. Rer-
na d Ouuieiez, Joseph Deo Giatias, and Louis Sengny.
For the sixth distnef,at the hoiwe of Ml Piene Rur/,,
at the (/hmeha, undei the Mipcrinteudcucc tit MM. Kilgaid
Ruiz, Pieire Thirl, and P. A. llouj-seiui.
Tin* .-aid election^ to be held and the icturn-. made alloc-
able to the constitution and the laws on that subject, and
triplicate returns to be made by the coniuu>MOnvi tor each
district accoiding to law.
.Parish ok St. Bih*jarj>, \X)lhof Qdohcr,
It will be perceived by the notice I have read to
the House that everything was done which could
be done under the stale of things which existed in
Louisiana. No oider having been made by the
military authorities, and they declining to oider
any election, we thought it eminently proper that
the people should assemble for the purpose of ex-
pressing their views ntid voting foi their officers.
1'hey being the source of all powei, being inter-
ested in this matter, being desirous of returning
to the Union, we thought it eminently proper that
that mode should be pursued hy which they could
as speedily as possible return to the Union.
Those who were opposed to us in all these
plans, who declared we were a Territory, would
not have united with us in an election, even if an
order had been made by the military governor.
They had determined that we were out of the
Union ,and that they would not participate in any
election for members of Congies.s, Governor, or
members of State Legislature. If these were their
doctrines, they could not have participated in any
election under any order that may have emanated
from either Washington or from the military au-
thority.
Those who were opposed to tho election main-
tain that doctrine now, notwithstanding an order
has been issued by General Banks, under direc-
tion of the President of the United States, for hold^
ing an election There. We are satisfied with that.
1 am satisfied with it, bccause if I cannot get the
State baclc into tho Union in one way, I am not
opposed to getting her back into the Union in some
other way which I might not think quite so proper.
Upon what principle will they require that a
gentleman shall present himself to this House,
claiming to be a member of Congress electcd from
Louisiana? The committee say he has no con-
stituency. How many votes do you demand lie
shall have to make his claim here valid? In the
district I represent there were but twenty-four
hundred voters. The election was not held in
the city of New Orleans, or in that portion of the
district in which I reside, by reason of the in-
terference of the military authorities. Is it not
reasonable to suppose that that portion of those
people who are opposed to the State coming into
the Union would not have gone into the election
anyhow, even if they had been permitted by the
military authorities to do so? The people in the
two parishes below the city assembled and voted.
Now, would you require thirteen bundled votes—
that would be a majority of twenty-four hun-
dred—to entitle a man toaseat? According to the
President's plan of reconstruction only one tenth
of the number of the voters is required. Then sup-
pose that one tenth of the loyal people of that dis-
trict voted for me, upon what principle will it be
contended now that because they voted prior to
the President's proclamation of his plan of recon-
struction they should be deprived of their repre-
sentation and this election be declared void? I
can see no reason in it.
Besides this, let me inform the IIousc that the
city of New Orleans has furnished to the Federal
Armj'', as 1 am nssuied by two paymasters who
have paid the troops there, seven thousand men,
as good soldiers as c\er shouldcied a musketand
marched to the battle-field. Since the election
twelve months ago we have furnished upwaid of
five thousand fighiing men from that city, who
have gone into the Federal Army; and conse-
quently our voting population has beengreatly de-
creased thereby.
Hut it us said i y some gentlemen that we do not
know whether these men are loyal who voted then.
Sir, I can tell you that nobody but loyal men,
those who have taken the oath, and that is the
only stand,u d by which we can detei mine loyalty,
voted at that election, if they took the oath they
were entitled to their rights, and their property
was exempt, according to the President's procla-
mation, from seizure and confiscation.
It is said that we are not all of us loyal men,
and that probably some disloyal men voted. I can
tell gentlemen that by an oider issued long ago
all men who did not take the oath ofallegiance and
who were not considered loyal by theauthorities
were sent beyond the lines, and there are no dis-
loyal men there now excepting those who have
taken and subscribed an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, and to observe strict
loyalty to this Government. That is my answer
to the *haige of dusloyalty. I contend that the
people of that region are more loyal in propoi don
to their numbers than are the people in any of the
States cal'ed loyal 1 do not wish, sir, to be in-
vidious, but I traveled tiiiou'^h some of your loyal
States in coming here, and I hcaid expressions
from men which, if made in Louisiana, would
have sent them to Ship Island or Port Jackson.
It costs a man nothing to be loyal here, but in my
country it costs a man his property, and perhaps
his life. I believe that a majority of the people
of Louisiana have always been loyal, and that if
the Administration that preceded this had done its
duty faithfully my adopted State would not have
been diagged out of tin4 Union by traitors. If
instead of withdrawing all the United States force*
from our forts and arsenals they had supplied us
with arms, the loyal people of Louisiana would
have rallied to your standard, and the blood of
the valiant men fiom Massachusetts and Illinois
ami other States, would not have stained the soil
of Louisiana; she would have remained true to the
Union.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, i hope that by unanimous con-
sent the gentleman will be allowed to proceed
with his temarks.
Mr. FIELD. I wantonly aboulfifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
only by unanimous consent. The Chair hears
no objection.
Mr. FIELD. I had designed, Mr, Speaker,
submitting an affidavit from a very prominent
Union man, and a large slaveholder, from the Red
river country, who traveled on here with me,and
who had been in the swamps for six weeks, to
show his feeling and that of his neighbors. Many
ofWese men have voluntarily given up their prop-
erty of every species, including their slave piop-
erty. I can give the instance of a gentleman of
the name of Dr. Duncan, one of the largest slave-
holders in Mississippi or Louisiana, who has
fought this rebellion from the beginning to the
end, and who is now in Philadelphia. This gen-
tleman declares to me that he is in favor of the
abolition of slavery throughout the country if
necessary to save this Government. These men
are willing to sacrifice all their property and all
their means for the salvation of this country.
Sir, the question of slavery never was in my
way. I owned but few negroes; but if I had had
a thousand I would not have hesitated to sacri-
fice them upon the altar of my country rather
than see one singlestarblottcd out fiom that bright
galaxy that floats above you; 1 have never had
any difficulty upon that point.
And now, Mi>. Speaker, it becomes me to tell
you that I know the decision of the House will
be against me, I shall submit to it withoutcom-
plaint or murmur. I shall return to my adopted
State with my loyalty undiminished. I shall bat-
tle there with what little ability I have to sustain
this gloiious Union; and though the star of Louis-
iana has been obscured by the hands of traitors
it will yet shine forth as brightly as that of any
of her sister States.
And furthermore, if I had a seat in the conven-
tion that is to amend our constitution I would
perpetually disqualify every man who has been
a leader in this rebellion from ever holding office
under this Government. I would never let the soil
of Louisiana be polluted by the footsteps of SIi-
dell, Benjamin, or any of that fraternity as long
as 1 could raise my voice against it.
There is my loyalty, and there is my Unionism;
and I ask gentlemen if any man could go fuither.
1 have no sympathy with traitors. They have
desolated our firesides; they have ruined our peo-
ple; they have brought mourning to almostevcry
hearth and every fireside in our country. That,
sir, rests upon them, and with my consent never
shall they be permitted to return to that country
which has been made a wreck of by their treason
and traitorism.
I designed to say one word to the honorable
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
who i regret not to see in his seat. I however
feel compelled to make the remark.
A Memueii. He is here.
Mr. FIELD. When my credentials were pre-
sented to this House and my name was placed
upon the rolls of the House at the commence-
ment of the session, thegentleman from Pennsyl-
vania rose in his place and remarked that the
membeis from Louisiana hadaheady at the time
he was speaking gone to the Sergeant-at-Arnis
for the purpose of getting their pay.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me to correct him, I said one of these members.
Mr. FIELD. So far as I am concerned, Mr.
Speaker, 1 do not know the Sergeant-at-Arms, I
have never seen him, nor did I dream of any such
thing. Poor as I am, and poor as my people arc,
I would scorn m these times of peril and danger,
in these times when the Government wants money
so urgently, I would rather endure my poverty in
silence than to ask for one dollar unjustly. I am
not amenable to that charge. Thank God, lam not.
I have made sacrifices to come here. I am poor,
and it is no crime to be poor. What little I had
was swept away by this rebellion. All that was
left to me was my little practice as an humble law-
yer. That I have given up for the purpose of
coming here to see if I could not do some good in
favor of unfortunate Louisiana.
And now, Mr. Speaker, as I am about to take
my leave of you and of the House, let me implore
you to look kindly upon pom Louisiana. Guard
her rights if you can. Protect her people who
have been under military law for nearly two years,
who have had no voice either here or elsewhere in
their own government. Look upon her kindly,
protect her if you can, and give her at least some
