I8&b
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'"
S34E
orders>to take up that bilh It ia a bill of the
House No. 421. ■ s ,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot consent.
The Senator from N^w York refuses to give way,
andit wili lead to discussion* • I insist on -ray
tftotion. ' - ,- • ;
-The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness is not withdrawn.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope this will not be done.
Although { am strongly tempted to repjy to some
remarks theft have been made by the Senator from
New Hampshire and something that'was said by
the Senator from New Jersey, I will not break
my promise. 1 only ask for a vote. I ask the
Senate whether they will allow two or three gen-
tlemen to defeat this measure after the emphatic
vote we had on Saturday night.
MrV HENDRICKS. But the Senator from
New Jersey says he is going to discuss' Jt.
Mr. HARRIS. He will not, 1 am persuaded,
speak long. It is not the custom' of the-Senator
from New Jersey to endeavor to defeat a measure
by indirection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion for an executive session.
Mr. COJNfNESS. I hope the vote will be taken
upon this bill before wc go into executive ses-
sion. I shall not speak upon it. I think it is due
to. the Senator from New York to have a vote at
least.
The PRESIDENT j3ro tempore. The question
is on the motion to go into executive session.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will notinterpose to pre-
vent a vote on that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a short statement of a personal nature
before going into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island desires unanimous consent to
make a personal explanation. The Chair hears no
objection.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President, I ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to make a brief personal
explanation. In a speech made in the House of
Representatives, some weeks since, General
Frank Blair, then claiming to be a member from
Missouri,deliberately asserted that 1 had received
some special privileges from Secretary Chase, by
which I had made or would make some two mil-
lion dollars, and he referred to Mr. Aspinwall
as witness. Postmaster General Blair used the
Post Office Department to circulate the speech,
and so made himself a party in its vilification of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and in its impeach-
ment of my personal integrity.
I have heretofore treated this maligrmntcharge
with silent contempt, nor should I now notice it
or its author, or the brother of irsauthor, had not
new currency been given to the slander. Lies
reiterated, if uncontradicted, come at length to be
received as truth. I have determined therefore
to submit to the humiliation of noticing this.
Not that I imagine myself the real object of
attack. The brothers felair and their tribe of
falsifiers meant it to strike the Secretary of the
Treasury. They had some political end to com-
pass and were notscrupulous in choiceof means.
They did not care a fig how much the finances of
the country might suffer; Armyand Navy might
go unprovided and unpaid; no matter what pub-
lic evil might come; what they wanted was to
reach him with their poisonous arrows; if through
me, so much the better.
Some here may remember how, at the beginning
of this war, I responded to the summons of the
President. Flu was not of my party, but he was
President of the United States, and the Union was j
in peril. I called Rhode Island to arms, and, great
in spirit though small in size, she waited for no
second rail. FIrr brave sons were among the first
to teach the beleagured capital. I went with them
into battle, and was not niggard either of labor or 1
huzatd. Cut I w)!! not parade my acts. It is !
enough to say that I neither sought nor received
the slightest leturn from President or Secretary.
Then and ever since i have tried to render some
service to my country. The consciousness of the
endeavor is leward enough.
Since the beginning of the war the business in
which I was then engaged has been almost wholly
in other hands than my own. It is largely a
manufacturing interest. Its managers htrce bought
raw material and sold goods where and as they
could. So far as I know they have had no favors
from any Secretary or any officer of the Govern-
ment. They have taken the chances of market
with all others, and have had no favors or Ad-
vantages which all others had not had.: Neithdrf
for them nor for myself, nor foy anybody else,
have I asked or received any special privileges to
buy cotton or anything else. Nor have I made
since this war began, from any buying and.trad-
ing in cotton, permitted or unpermitted, licensed
or unlicensed, the millionth part of two millions
of dollars, nor the millionth part of that millionth.
If the Blairs know anything about the Treasury
Department, they know that no permits or li-
censes to trade were granted by the late Secretary
of the Treasury.  He made regulations as the
law requires, under which permits wfere granted,
but he granted none nor allowed any to be
granted, except under the regulations, and that
without favor or partiality. Have the slanderers
or their followers sought unauthorized favors and
been disappointed?
Perhaps I ought to say that there wasone trans-,
action in cotton in which I too"k some interest.
When Du Pontcaptured Foits Walker and Beau-
regard, and Sherman took possession of the sea
islands of South Carolina, considerable quantities
of cotton were found on the abandoned planta-
tions. This was in the winterofl861-62. Secretary
Chase, with the approval and concurrence of the
War Department, undertook the duty of collecting
this cotton and consulted me about the selection of
an agent. I recommended one, who wasemployed
and proved faithful. A large quantity of cotton
was collected and forwaided to New York and
sold by Collector Barney at public auction; the
proceeds, some three quarters of a million I be-
lieve, were deposited with Assistant Treasurer
Cisco. If Mr. Aspin wall knows anything about
any cotton business in which I took part it must
be this, and in this I had notthe pecuniary inter-
est of a mill. I feel humiliated in noticing such
miserable calumnies, but perhaps it is a duty; I
think so, or I would not say a word. Hence-
forth these convicted slanderers may rail and
falsify unnoticed by me.
PROPOSED EXECUTIVE SESSION.
ThePRESlDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas to
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. COWAN called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state that
unless we can gctthrough our executive business
we shall be called back here in executi ve session,
which 1 should considera great misfortune to the
country.
Mr. HARRIS. Somebody in Kansas wants
an office, I suppose.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In answer to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from New York, Kansas
has not a single applicant for office on the docket.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 20; us follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Anthony, Chandler, (Jlark, Cowan,
Foot, Ilailan, L.ine of Kan.s:w, Mori ill, Ramsey, Ten Eyek,
Tnimbull, Wade, and Wilkinson—13
NAYS —Messrs. Buckalevv, CaiiHe, Conness, Davis,
DooJjtth1, Halo, Hums, Henducke, Hick*, Johnson, Mor-
gan, Ponu'ioy, Powell, Uiddh', Salisbury, Sprague, 8lim-
ner, Van Winkle, Wiiley, and WiNon—2U.
ABtfJCNT—Diovvn, C'ollauier, Dixon, fVssen-
d<*n, Foster, Grime?, Harding, Henderson. Howard, Ilowe,
Lane of Indiana. McDongali, Nesnuth, Richudnon, Sher-
man, and Wright—lb.
So the motion was not agreed to.
COURTS IN NORTHERN NEW YORK.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. House bill
No. 32 is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, the question being on the amendment
; of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.)
j Mr. TEN EYCK. There is propriety, I think,
i in calling the attention of the Senate to the situa-
| tion of this question. It is not the simple ques-
| tion whether Judge Hall, the district judge of the j
; western or northern district of New Yoik, is to j
i have an increase of salary to the amount of $750: •
| but it is a question that at this time affects every
i judicial district in the Union, and in more ways
I than one will reflect upon the action of Congress.
! There is scarcely a district, perhaps nor one,
w here';wi th t hep resent v&l Dei of the currency th4*
judge can live upon his salary^ and that fact, hasr?
been made apparent-, f think, to the entire satis-
faction of themembdrsof the Committee oh tkm
Judiciary; but the committee though-uhis condr-<
tioo of!things would not be permanent, ancbt/bafc
undprthe pressure and; stringency of the-publios
necessities we had. better let the whole matter <gcu'
ov>er until the next session.- / : -- .• *'
Not only do the judges of the district courts-
want an increase of;salary, but there is scarcely
a man in the public service,.etther civil ormttitary*.
in any branch or department of the Government,
who is not asking for'ah;mcrease of his salary;
and many of them with thW greatest propriety
cause on the salaries they now hav6,in the exist-
ing state of things with inference *td the prkfe oP
goldj &c., they cannot live aVid1 pay house re-nv
and maintain their families in therespectable way*
in which they have been in the habit of dofng>
heretofore, if this state1 of things continues for
any long period of time, there will have to b£re^
lief given, or these vdfeable public servants whO;
have become familiarized with their duties by*
long experience will;have to abandon their posts
and seek some other positions. 1 am in hopes
that a change will come over the spirit of this gfeak
public dream, that the war will be p.bt an 6rjd to
before a great while, that the Currency will "Re-
adjust itself, and then salaries will* assume their'
ancient level, and those gentlemen who are novr
driven almost to desperation will be enabled,',to
live on their salaries. \
Now, sir, where is the propriety of increasing'
the salary of this respectable judge of the north-
ern district of the State of New York, and turn-
ing a deaf ear to the petitions and appeals made
on behalf of other judges, not by the incumbettta
themselves, but by their friends who knovv their
condition, and refusing all action in their behalf?
The salary of Judge Hall now ranges consider-
ably above the salaries of the judges in the norih-^
ern States, with a few exceptions of the judged*
whose districts include the large citics. "The*
district judge of Maine gets orify $2,000; the dis-
trict judge of New Hampshire #2,000. So of
Massachusetts, having Boston within its limits.
The district judge of Connecticut, who holds
court in New 'York, gets only $2,000. So itif -
Vermont; so in Rhode Island. This Judge Hall
in the northerndistrict of New York gets $2,750ft
and the district judge of the southern district or
New York gets $3,750. In Pennsylvania, the
judge of the eastern district, including the city of
Philadelphia, where the court is in session almost
the whole year round, Judge Cadwaladcr, receives
but $3,000; and yet you propose to give Judge
Hall §500 more than he receives. In the western
district of Pennsylvania, Judge McCandless gets
$2,500, a venerable man who has grown gray in
the faithful discharge of his duty; whose friends
made an appeal before the Judiciary Committee,-
stating that he and his family of interesting"
daughters would absolutely have to sell the roof
over their heads unless his salary was increased
within a period of some, few months to come."
We propose to give this o'thergentjemaii $3,500.*
So with a number of other cases, fn New Jer-
sey, my own State, the judge gets $2,000, and'
since the passage of the enrollment law and other
measures that have been passed by,Congress dur-
ing this rebellion, the judge is a very large por-
tion of his time engaged in the duties of his court,
Ilis friends desire for him an increase of his sal-
ary. I have resisted that on the ground of the
general principle involved, that we cannot raise
the salary of one judge without raising the salary
of the others. In Connecticut there would be
eminent propriety in increasing the salary of that
judge, but the Senator from that State, with me,
acting as he thought for the public good, resisted
the increase of the salary of any judge at the*
present time, hoping that a change might take
place, and that perhaps by the next session of.
Congress we should be enaoled either to see that
they could live or then take up the whole matter
and do justice to them all.
That is the ground of the refusal, no other; no,
impeachment of the character of this judge or the ^
meritorious nature of his services or the extent of ►
them. But, sir, I should feel that it was a reflec-
tion on myself if I did not say this much after
having acted upon the Judiciary Committee, and
after having turned a deaf ear, u mi I it pained me, to
