THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF C02s1 GUESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session-.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1864.
New Series No. 35.
right to be heard, if not now, at least in some fu-
ture time, upon, this floor. Remember, 1 say,
Louisiana; remember Chalmett, the glorious bat-
tie-field of the immortal Jackson; remember that
we marched side by side with you upon the plains
and mountains of Mexico. The bones of her sons
lie mingled on that soil with those of glorious
Massachusetts, of Vermont, and many of the
other States; they lie there side by side, and they
will rise together.
Remember all these things, and remember, too,
that she has always been open, frank, and gen-
erous. It is said that we hate the North. It is
ffilse. I have scarcely ever voted for any other
than a northern man. Our city, in the election
when Mr. Fillmore was made a candidate, gave
forty-two hundred majority in favor of him. No,
sir, we know no distinctions. A Massachusetts
man is as much a brother to me as if he were born
upon my native soil of Kentucky, and I glory in
his patriotism as much. Never let it be said that
we dislike the North. We buy from them almost
all we consume. We do not make even a plow, a
wheelbarrow, or a carriage. We get them ftom
Massachusetts, from Connecticut, or from Puts-
burg:. All our machinery, everything of the kind,
we have heretofore willingly bought of you, and
we will do it again whenever this rebellion ceases
and our channels of commercial intercourse are
again open.
One word, and I am done. 1 cannot close my
remarks without returning my profound thanks
to the chairman of the Committee of Elections, as
well as to cach and every member of that com-
mittee, for the impartial,able, and patient manner
in which they heard all I had to say in favor of
my claim to a seat m this House. They have my
profound gratitude. I will notsay that they have
been wrong in reporting against me. They have
reported according to the dictates of their own
consciences and judgment,and it is not for me to
complain.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to call for the previous
question on the resolution at this moment. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Ganson] desires
to be heard. Under the rule I am entitled to an
hour after the main question has been ordered to
close the debate, f do not propose to occupy an
hour, and I will, with the consent of the House,
permit tiiegentlemanfrom New York, [Mr. Gant-
sojt,] a member of the Committee of Elections, to
occupy a portion of my time.
Mi. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I also want to
be heard for a moment.
Mr. DAW ES. I do not feel at liberty, as chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, to call the
previous question when members of the commit-
tee desire to be heard.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. The atten-
tion of the House has been called to a card said
to have been published in New Orleans by the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Field] about the
time of the surrender of the city. 1 have not
seen that card, but I desire to bear a word of tes-
timony m tegard to the gentleman who claims a
seat here from Louisiana. He was formeily a
respected and patrioticcitizon of Illinois,lung and
well known for his patriotism and ability. 1 have
known him for nearly a quarter of a century, and
it affords me pleasure to speak from my personal
knowledge in this regard, f received a letter from
a distinguished citizen of Illinois, who has been
long in New Orleans, in relation to this claimant.
He states that he was always one of the most
loyal men m that State to the flag and the Union.
He commended him to mo for devotion to the
Union under the most trying circumstances. That
is all I desire to say. 1 have made the statement
in justiec to the claimant for a seat upon this floor,
and what I believed to be due to truth and justice.
Mr. DEM1NG-. Mr, Speaker, when the loy-
alty of the claimant to this seat was brought into
question the chairman of the Committee of Elec-
tions appealed to me, and I am unwilling that he
should labor under an imputation and suspicion
of disloyalty which my silence undersuch an ap-
peal might possibly create. I entered the city of
35
New Orleans with the Federal forces on the 1st
of May, 1862. We found all the machinery of
justice broken up; the courts were closed; and
one of the first necessities which the emergency
brought upon us was to organize some means by
which justice might be administered. One of the
first orders of the commanding general was to
organize a provost's court. Wo had long known
the claimant in the city. He was a distinguished
lawyer in that municipality. He was the first
man who came forward under these trying cir-
cumstances to take the oath of allegiance; and he
commenced to practice in the courts which the
commanding general had created. From that time
forward he was not only regai ded as a loyal man,
but as an exemplar of loyalty—" faithful among
the faithless found."
This, sir, was at a time when a profession of
loyalty had its inconveniences, its perils, and its
dangers. We were there with a feeble force.
The enemy was at no great distance. We were
apprehensive that we could retain possession of
the city but for a few weeks. None of the gen-
tlemen who have been since loud in profession
of devotion to the Union ventured to come for-
ward to take the oath of allegiance, because they
did not suppose that we had a sufficient force there
to protect them. He came forward and continued
to practicc in the courts during my sojourn in the
city.
But that is not all. Shortly after we went there
he was the nucleus around which the Union sen-
timent of the city gathered. Public meetings were
held in various wards, and the claimant was
among the most prominent speakers at those
meetings in his profession of unconditional attach-
ment to the Union, and I have heard him present
remarks to these meetings which I would have
hesitated myself to present. I have heard him
avow, before the proclamation of the President was
issued, the necessity of issuing a proclamation
of emancipation for the purpose of crippling this
rebellion. He avowed in New Orleans very similar
principles to those the gentleman fiom Kentucky
[Mr. Smith] has avowed upon this floor; and dur-
ing our continuance in the city I never heard his
loyalty questioned for one instant. He took the
same position with Air. Hahn,and the same posi-
tion with Mr. Durand; and was one of the leading
Union men in that city.
I know in these days it is exceedingly difficult
to define loyalty; but according to any definition
I can undt istand of it, 1 can say to this House
that I believe him to be as loyal a man as I am
myself, or any member upon this floor.
I should not have obtruded these observations
upon the House had not the loyalty of that gen-
tleman been called in question. I supposed that
this question would turn upon the legal meiits of
the election; and as I am now convinced, I shall
be disposed certainly to vote agjinst the claim of
the gentleman to a seat; but 1 was unwilling to
sit still heiewhenl was appealed to by the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections and not pre-
sent to the House the evidences in my possession
that the claimant is a thorough-going and uncon-
ditional Union man.
Mr. DAWES. I only desire five minutes my-
self, but it is well known i cannot call the previous
question against the members of my own com-
mittee, and therefore I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Gaicson ]
Mr.GANSON. It was my intention to say
nothing upon this occasion; butsince the disclos-
ures which have been made to this House by the
applicantfrom the first congressional district from
Louisiana relative to the condition of the people
of that district, and the treatment they have re-
ceived at the hands of the mihtaiy governor of
that district, I deem it not only right, but suita-
ble, as a member of the Committee of Elections,
that I should state very briefly the considerations
which induced me to cooperate in recommending
to the House the adoption of the resolution re-
ported by the committee; and also to express my
regrets, if the recommendation of the committee
is sustained by this House, that the action of that
military governor will result in disfranchising as
loyal a district in my judgment as there is in the
Union.
As has been stated by the applicant, and as it
also appears by the report of the committee, the
2d day of November, 1863, was the day desig-
nated by the laws of Louisiana for the regular
election. A year ago an election was permitted
in the first and second congressional districts of
Louisiana by this same military governor, and
he supervised that election. It resulted in sending
two Representatives to the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, and they were admitted by a vote of this
House to their seats, and they participated for the
remainder of the session in the legislation of the
country. There had nothing occurred since to
change the loyal character of that people. Patri-
otism and loyalty had been increasing there more
and mo^e daily; people had resumed their peace-
able avocations; the courts were opened, and jus-
tice was unobstructed. An election of this char-
acter having taken place under the supervision of
the military governor a year ago, the people, the
rightful source of all po\ver, thought they would
take upon themselves to initiate an election. And I
wish thcHouse to bear in mind that this was an elec-
tion not only for Representatives in Congress, but
also for State and local officers. A convention was
called; it assembled; they appointed a committee
of nine to wait upon this military governor. They
did waitupou him; they respectfully asked him to
cooperate with them in their efforts to initiate a pop-
ular election; and he not only declined to do that,
but absolutely forbade the people to hold an elec-
tion within his jurisdiction. That jurisdiction ex-
tended over this congressional district, save two
paiishes, which were outside of the lines of the
city. The polls, by reason of this arbitrary, un-
warranted action of this military governor, were
not opened wuhm the limits of the city of New
Orleans. They were opened in the two precincts
outside. The people attended the polls according
to the laws of the State of Louisiana, cast their
votes, and in one parish, as appeared before the
committee, the applicant received one hundred
and fifty-six votes; and those are all, so far as
tin; committee knows, that he did receive within
his congi essional distiict. As a member of that
committee I could not conscientiously recom-
mend that the gentleman should be admitted to
a seat upon the floor of this House as a Rep-
resentative. I theiefore, simply and solely upon
the ground that the gentleman had not, in my
judgment, a sufficient constituency to entitle him
'to a seat upon this floor, concurred in recommend-
ing the passage of the pending resolution. But,
sir, while I do that, I desire at the same time to
express my decided disappioval of the usurpa-
tions of this military governor.
It may be said by somegentlemen,and the idea
has been thrown out, that the reason why an elec-
tion was not held was that the State had not
been redisiricted. I ask the House to bear in
mind that these persons who called upon this mil-
itary governor for permission to hold an election
not only desired to hold an election for Represent-
atives in Congress but also for State and local
officers, and if the military governor had given
as a reason that the State was not redistricted, it
would have been a meresuhtcrfugc, and therefore
he did not place himselfupon that ground. I do
not subscribe to the doctrine that an election, even
for Representatives in Congress, would have been
illegal without redisricting the State, because it
should be borne in mind that under the old ap-
portionment the State of Louisiana was entitled
to only four Representatives in Congress, and un-
der the new apportionment to five; and if the peo-
ple of the State saw fit to send only four Repre-
sentatives when they were entitled to five no other
State could complain, and their four Representa-
tives would be entitled in my judgment to their
seats. But it is enough for me to know that this
military governor did not base his refusal to allow'
the election to be held upon thatground. The rec-
ord shows that he had become, between the date
of the election which he permitted and that which
