2568
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
dent, of course, will have power of removal am-
ple and complete, and it is very important to
preserve the existing liability of the bonds. If
the bill should pass as it came from the House
of Representatives, the securities would be dis-
charged and the bonds released, and new appoint-
ments would have to be made; and besides that,
the probability is we should lose the benefit of
the income tax forthisyear. It is a very serious
question, I hope, therefore, the Senate will adopt
the amendment of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, simply for the purpose of preserving the
bonds and'the liability of the sureties. If the
President chooses he can make removals and send
in new appointments at any time; but we ought
not to" force him te make removals or changes by
legislation. •$
Mr. WILSON. On the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, to allow him to pre-
sent his amendments and perfect the bill as he
desires in committee, I will withdraw opposition
to his amendment at the present time; but I cer-
tainly want it understood that before this matter
is closed i shall want an understanding about
this bill, for I have no heart to vote for a bill to
be administered as the law is now administered
in the country.
Mr. CLARK. I will say to the Senator from
Massachusetts that I will labor with him cheer-
fully to accomplish his object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill upon the 4th page, section three, by striking
out after the woitl " that" in the first line of the
section down to "shall" in the sixth line, and
inserting what 1 send to the Chair.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
The Provident 5-hall appoint in the Department of the
Tieimiry, by and with the advice arid consent of the Sen-
ate, a competent peison, who shall he called the Deputy
ConunisMoner of Internal Revenue, with an annual salary
of $-,51)0, who.
The wotdts proposed to be inserted were read,
as follows:
The Deputy CmnniN'noner of Internal Revenue, whose
annual saimy shall he $*.1,400.
So as to read:
That lIk: Deputy Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
whose annual Hilary r>hall lie $"2,400, shall he charged with
such duties in the Uure.tu of Intermit Revenue, &c.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let mi: ask the Senator
from New Hampshire, does ho mean to withdraw
him from the confirmation of the Senate?
Mr. CLARK. Not at. all. I propose to leave
him standing under the old law as 1 did the Com-
missioner.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Vcvy well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. 1 move to strike out "who"
at the close of the eighth line of section three, so
as to read,*' and shall act," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend the
bill in the sixth section, page 5, by striking out
aflei "thai" the words "the President of the
United States m authorized to appoint, by and
with the advico and consent of thoSeuate, a com-
petent person, who shall he called the cashier of
internal duties, with a salary of $2,500, who,"
and inserting in lieu theieof"the cashier of in-
ternal revenue, whose salary shall be $2,500."
The Amendment was agreed to.
Mr, CLARK. On the Gth and 7th pages I
move to strike out the whole of section seven and
to insert the following section in lieu of it:
fcsKC. 7. And be it fmthcr cnaiieil, That the I'tcsidr'ut of
tin, (Tinted Stat"* iruy divide the icspective urates and Tcr
ntorie-i ot the United State* and the Disfuct of Columbia
into convenient collection districts, and may alter ^uch dis-
tricts as the public inteie^ts may require, and may include
any of «.:ud .State*, and Tointori^s and the Distnet ot Co-
lumbia hi one district ; but the number ot dinners in any
State hImH not exceed the number of Senators and Repre-
sentative to which such State shall be entitled in the pres-
ent Confess.
The only effect of the amendment is to leave
the assessors and collectors under the old law.
Mr. DAVlb. 1 should like to have the law
read for information.
Mr. OL \RK. ^ It is precisely as it is here.
Mr. DAVIS. Then there is no necessity for
sinking it out.
Mr. CLA RK, It is for the purpose of prevent-
ing them from being obliged to give new bonds.
It maintains the organization and prevents ap-
pointing new assessors and new collectors or giv-
ing new bonds.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend by in-
serting in the seventh line of the eighth section,
after the word "Treasury," the-words " when-
ever there shall be a vacancy or the public interests
shall require."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I further move to amend by
striking out all after the woid " that" in the first
line of section one hundred and seventy-three, on
page 229, down to the proviso on the 230th page,
in line thirty-three, and to insert m lieu of the
words stricken out the following clause:
The following acts of Congress aie hereby repealed, to
wit: the act of July J, 186*2, entitled "An act to piovide
internal revenue to support the Government and to pay in-
terest on the public debt," except the one hundred and fif-
teenth and the one hundred and nineteenth sections thereof,
and excepting fuithei all provisions of paid act which cre-
ate the offices of Commissioner of Internal Revenue, as-
sessor, assistant a^essor, collector, deputy collector, ami
inspector, and provide tor the appointment and qualifica-
tion of said othcors.; al o, the aet of July 16, 186*2, enti-
tled -:An act to impose an additional duty on sugars pro-
duced in the United States also, the act of December 25,
1862, entitled "An act to amend .in act entitled 'An act to
provide internal levenue to support tiie Government and to
pay interest on the public debt,' approved July I, 1802;"
also, the act of March 3, 1863, entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled 'An net to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government and to pay interest on the public debt,'
approved July 1, 1862, and for other purposes,'5 except the
piovi&ions of said aet which < ieatc the offices of Deputy
Commissioner and cashier of internal revenue and revenue
agents and provide lor the appointment and qualification
of s>aul officers; also, the tvvcnty-foutth and twenty-filth
sections of the aet of July 14, J86-2, entitled "An act in-
creasing tempnr.uily the dimes on nnpoits, and for otiier
purposesalso, the .second section of the act of March 3,
18G3, entitled "'An act to pi event and punish fraud's upon
the revenue, to provide for the more certain and speedy
collection ot claims in favor of the United States, and for
other pin po^es," so far ax the same applies to othcersof
internal revenue; and aW>, the aet of March 7, enti-
tled "An act to met ease fhe infernal levenue, and for other
pmposes," together with all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent iieruw ith.
It repeals the same acts that are provided to be
repealed by the section as it stands, but jn different
language, except those clauses which create the
offices that have been retained.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it:
That so mneh of an act entitled "An act to provide in-
creased revenue (mm imports, to pay interest on thepublic
debt, and tor othoi purposes,^ approved August 5, 1861,
as impose* a direct tax ot ^^'),00U,U0U on the United titates,
be, and the same is hcieby, repealed.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that amendment will
not be made at this time without fuithcr consid-
eration. it was not the design of the committee
to repeal that aet, but to leave it suspended as it
now is.
Mr, SHERMAN". In case the amendment of
the Senator from Iowa be adopted, he should also
propose to stnkeout the exception of the one
hundred and nineteenth section of the act of 1862,
which otherwise would continue the direct tax.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from iowa can
move to insert his amendment at any time, it
does not qualify this amendment of the commit-
tee. It only adds to it.
Mr. GRIMES, As 1 understand it, the Sen-
aior's amendment aliudes to the particular sec-
tion that I Wish to have repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is a little mis-
taken. The act that he proposes to repeal is the
original act which provided for the direct tax;
but that act was modified and suspended tiil 1865
by a section reserved from repeal by the Senator
from New Hampshire, so that in order to accom-
plish the purpose of the Senator from Iowa he
must not only repeal the original act providing
for the direct tax but repeal also the one hundred
and nineteenth section of the act of 1862, winch
is expiessly reserved from repeal by the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. GRIMES. I think my object will be ac-
complished by repealing the ongmalact. There
is an act passed since that that suspends the op-
eration of the act of August 5, 1861.
Mr. SHERMAN. lint that second act ex-
pressly provides that after 3865 this direct tax
shall be put on. If you repeal the original act,
you may still leave the direct tax to stand.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
New Hampshire."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move further to amend by
inserting after the word " assessed," at the end
of the thirty-fifth line of the one hundred and
seventy-third section, the words " or liable to be
as'sessed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I further move to amend the
bill at the close of section one hundred and sev-
enty-three, on page 231, by striking out all after
the word " reappointment," which occurs in the
forty-seventh and forty-eighth lines. The words
to be stricken out are " upon the execution of
new bonds and taken anew the oath of office."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. These are all the amendments
which relate to that particular object. 1 have,
several further amendments, but I will give way
if the Senator from Ohio desires to go on with his
bank amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN, I think we may as well take
a vote on that now. The Senate is about as full
now as it will be to-night.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to let that question lie over until the
morning, i wish to say a little in reply to him
in regard to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill is not in my charge.
I offeied the amendment simply on my own ac-
count.
Mr. CLARK. I have sent to the committee-
room for the chairman.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Why cannot the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire goon with his amend-
ments ?
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment if the Senator from New Hampshire is not
going on.
Mr. CLARK. I will go on. I move to amend
the bill on page 144, by striking out the item be-
tween lines four hundred and forty-six and four
hundred and fifty-two of section ninety-three, and
inserting in lieu thereof:
On tobacco manufactured with ail the stem in, the leaf
not having been butted or stripped fiom the stems,and not
sweetened, twenty-five cents per pound.
O/i tobaeuo, cavendish, plug, twist, and all other descrip-
tions, from which the stem lias been taken in whole or in
pan, or which is sweetened, including fine-cut and shorts,
thirty-five cents per pound.
Mr, SUMNER. I should like to know what
is meant by the first class of tobacco there indi-
cated.
Mr. CLARK. The committee meant to im-
pose thirty-five cents duty on all tobacco which
is manufactured by taking out the stems in whole
or in part, and sweetening, including fine-cut.
Mr. SUMNER. The sweetening qualifies it.
Mr. CLARK. Stripping the outer stem and
sweetening makes the line of distinction. The
lower grade is that in which the stem is not
atiipped from it, and which is not sweetened. It
is found to be a better line of distinction.
Mr. SUMNER In what does the latter differ
from what is sometimes called leaf tobacco?
Mr. CLARK. It does not differ from leaf to-
bacco with the stem in.
Mr. SUMNER. Such as you would find on
the farm or on the plantation.
Mr. CLARK. Certain grades you will find on
the farm or plantation. There is a difficulty about
the provision as it now stands. By the provis-
ion of the bill as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, smoking tobacco, which is manu-
factured of the leaf and stem ground up together,
is taxed thirty-five cents a pound. It is thought
by the committee and by others that that is too
high, and that it is best to make a second grade.
In the purchase of tobacco, say of one hundred
hogsheads, you will getpcrhaps thirty hogsheads
first quality and then fifty or sixty of inferior
grade, some to be made into chewing tobacco and
some into smoking tobacco with the stems all in.
It was necessary to have a provision of this kind
so as to include that description of tobacco, which
we propose to tax at twenty-five cents.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know whether
in pointof fact and practically this is nota tax oil
what is usually known as tobacco in the leaf. I
incline in favor of that tax, but I wish to under-
stand precisely the effect of the language that is
