546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
he prohibited, a convert to this new, pernicious,
and revolutionary doctrine that by reason of the
rebellion the relations of the State of Louisiana
to this Union had been changed, and that she
stood in the attitude of a conquered province.
Now, sir, I state this upon proof which is en-
tirely satisfactory to my own mind. The House
will recollect that this military governor has an
attorney general,44 the law officer of the crown"
in that locality. This attorney general was pres-
ident of the State Union association of the city of
New Orleans, and was the president of the meet-
ing which passed resolutions to this effect:
i{Resalvedfuither, That in the opinion of the committee
the constitution and government of the Statu of Louisiana
were and remain overthrown and destioyed by the tebcl-
liou and subsequent conquest of the State, and that until
a new constitution shall have been adopted by the loyal
citizens of the State no election for members of a State
Legislature can or ought to be held.
" Resolved, That we approve a registration of loyal citi-
zens with the view of providing for the election of a con-
stitutional convention; that in our judgment tim is the only
true and just path to the lestoratum oi eivil government m
the State, and that no unauthorized body of men should be
permitted by the military governor to supersede and set at
defiance his orders.
" Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be trans-
mitted to the military governoj, and his action on the sub-
ject earnestly and respectfully icque&ufd."
This same Attorney General Durand was also
the commissioner of registration, and, under the
rules and regulations which he prescribed for
voting, any person who had been a resident of
Louisiana for six months was entitled to vote, al-
though the constitution of the State prescribes that
no person shall vote who has not been a resident
for twelve months. This position was officially
approved by the military governor. Well, now,
we see why it is that this military governor would
permit an election in 1862 and would not permit
one in 1863. It was because he had become a con-
vert to this revolutionary and pernicious doctiine
that the constitution and laws of the State of Lou-
isiana had been abrogated by reason of the rebel-
lion, and that that State stood to the Union in the
attitude of a conquered Territory. But, sir, if that
were so, admitting it to be a Tei i lfory of the Uni-
Led Status, what clause is there in the Constitution
of the United States which confers upon Brigadier
General Shepleythe power ofdetermining whether
or not the loyal people of Louisiana shall exercise
the elective franchise ? The committee say m their
rcpoit that they were unable to ascertain whether
General Shepley's aciion was authorized by any
superior power or lias been subsequently sanc-
tioned by his superiors. 1 care not whether any
superior authority undertook to give him power
to do that winch lie did. If any supeiior should
so undertake it would only present a case of higher
wrong. And, sir, I hope that this House, if they
sustain the action of the committee in this case—
and I hope they will not sustain thataetion unless
they are bound in conscience to do it—I hope they
will not permit the action of this military officer
to go unrebuked. For one 1 will not silently ac-
quiesce in any such action.
Sir, I believe that the Union is to-day, in view
of the Constitution, unbroken, and that the con-
stitution and laws of each and eveiy one of the
rebellious States stand unimpaired, and that the
ordinances of secession aie null and void, and
that neither Congress nor the Executive nor any
military officer e.an abrogate the constitutions uf
such States, and that they stand beyond and above
every other power, save that of the loyal people
of the States respectively, who alone can change
the fundamental laws of the several Statcsin con-
vention convened for that purpose.
I have always, at all times and under all cir-
cumstances, advised and advocated the prosecu-
' tion of this war until the rebels will bow their
necks to the yoke of the Federal Constitution. 1
propose to continue to do that. But whenever the
rebellion is suppressed within any State or portion
of the State, and the people become loyal, so that
the civil authorities can tPsumc their sway, I pi o-
pose to treat them as citizens belonging to the
Union, having the rights of citizens winch are guar-
antied to them by the Constitution, that whenever
they will submit to the Constitution and the en-
forcement of the laws all contention and strife
Bhould cease. I do not believe itis the properpur-
pose or object of this war to propagate ideas by the
sword. I would leave that to the march of morality
and of civilization, and not to the sword and to
the tread of armies.
1 believe that whenever any portion of the coun-
try that has been in rebellion will submit to the
Constitution and the laws the people thereof should
have their constitutional rights restored to them;
and if there are any institutions in that portion of
the country which the people desire to remove it
should be done by a change of constitution in a
peaceable and proper way.
I am in favor of giving a cheerful and cordial
support to the Administration in bringing every
foot of our territory within the jurisdiction of the
Constitution; and when we have done that I am
opposed to the suffrages of the people being sub-
jected to the control of the military power.
It is for the reason that the people within the
first congressional district of Louisiana were for-
cibly prohibited fiom voting,and that solely, that
I believe this applicant should be excluded from
a seat in this House. 1 desire at the same time
to protest most earnestly against the action of this
military governor. But 1 should be sorry to see
this applicant, whom 1 believe to be a truly loyal
man, sent to his home to bear the tidings to the
loyal people of Louisiana, who have been sub-
jected to everything,suffered everything,and lost
everything by reason of their adherence to the
Union, that he was not only by this Congress
excluded from a seat as their Representative, but
that the arbitrary action of the governor, which
resulted in disfranchising them, had met the ap-
proval of the Thirty-Eighth Congress.
Mr. SCHENCK. For the purpose of bring-
ing to a conclusion this matter, which now stands
in the way of the House going to the considera-
tion of what I believe to be more important busi-
ness, i now demand the previous question.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. 1 appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to withdiaw that demand,
to enable me to make an explanation of my coui se
in giving my assent to the report of the Commit-
tee of Elections.
Mr. SCHENCfC. I should be as willing to
yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin as to any
other gentleman in this House, but 1 cannot, in
consistency with what 1 believe to be my duty,
withdraw my demand lor the previous question.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion to enable me to offer a merely
verbal amendment to the resolution icported by
the Committee of Elections.
Mr. SCO I2NCK. If the gentleman has a merely
verbal amendment to offer which will meet with
the approval of the Committee of Elections, I will
yield for that purpose.
Mr. MALLORY. My amendment is simply
to strike out the word " not" in the resolution,
[Laughter.]
M r. SCI 1ENCK. That would just reverse the
resolution of the committee, I insist upon my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BRO WIN, of Wisconsin. 1 appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question, to enable me, as a member of the
Committee of Elections, to make an explanation,
Mr. SCIIENCK. If the gentleman desires to
make an explanation personal in its character,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts is willing
that it shall come out of his hour, he can make
his explanation during his time aftertheprevious
question has been seconded.
Mr. DAWES. 1 do not want five minutes, and
I am willing to yield the gentleman fiom Wis-
consin a portion of my time if the House has no
objection.
No objection was made.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. DAWIX If the gentleman from Wis-
consin does not wish to occupy too much time I
will now yield to him.
Air. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I do not think
I I shall occupy more than from live to ten minutes
i at most. I" wish simply in justice to myself to
I explain the process by which 1 arrived at the re-
j suit set forth in the resolution reported by the
| Committee of Elections.
| In the first place I shall dispose of the legal ob-
jections that arose against this election m Louis-
liana. I believe all the members of the committee,
eeitainly as far as I heard an expression of opin-
ion, concurred in the idea that the State of Louis-
iana had never been out of the Union, and that
by her own act she could not go out. They re-
garded the time during which the rebellion held
its sway over the State as so much time practi-
cally annihilated, and that when the jurisdiction
of the United States was reestablished she stood
precisely as she did prior to the act of secession.
The United States were bound to protect every
loyal citizen of Louisiana against this very rebel-
lion; they were bound to prevent the oppressions
and exactions of which the rebel authorities were
guilty. This, however, the United States had been
unable to do, and thousands of loyal citizens of
that State had suffered in consequence. But for
us not only to fail in that duty of protection, but,
taking advantage of our own wrong, to make that
failure an excuse for robbing them of their prop-
erty or their rights as citizens of a State, would
be in the highest degree unjust.
There was the further legal objection that, al-
though the right of electing members of Congress
remained, still, by the utter destruction of the
State organization, the machinery for conducting
elections and making returns was wanting. This
is easily answered. The right to elect a member
of Congress grows out of the Constitution and
laws of the United States. It is proper for State
Legislatures to regulate elections, and to provide
some safe mode of determining who has the ma*
jonty of legal votes. But regulations of this na-
ture are at all times mere matters of convenience,
and Congress have always in cases of disputed
elections looked to the actual majorities, and ad-
mitted members not only without the regular
certificates of State officers but against such cer-
tificates. I conclude, therefore, that if by any
competent proof it had been established that Mr.
Field had actually received a majority of votes in
his district there is no legal impediment growing
out of want of State organization to giving him a
seat.
The next objection is scarcely more tenable. It
is that by the apportionment of the last Congress
Louisiana was entitled to one additional Repre-
sentative, and having failed to redistrict cannot
have even her original four. This additional Rep-
resentative was assigned to her not as a burden,
but as a right which she had, and of which she
mightavail herself. If a State refuses to acknowl-
edge her right to the full number awarded by
Congress 1 can haidly see upon what principle
you can say that she forfeits her right to send the
smaller number.
In this instance, the failure or refusal of her
Legislature to redistrict was an affirmation in the
law of the old districts, and although under the
appoitionment of Congress each district was en-
titled to more in the way of representation, still it
did not lose what was assigned to it. The greater
right always contains the less.
I base my assent to the resolution solely upon
the ground that theie was, in fact, no election;
that the arbitrary order of the military governor,
enforced by bayonets, had prevented the vast ma-
jority of the legal and loyal electors from voting;
and therefore the claimant was not entitled to hia
seat.
I dissented from the mild language in which
the conduct of that military official was censured
m the repoit. This was not the case of a militaiy
interfeience under pretense of regulating the elec-
tion; it was not the administering of an oath of
loyalty; but it was the arbitrary exercise of brute
power to prevent citizens avowedly loyal from
being represented in this Congress. It was done
in violation of the Constitution, in violation of the
rights of an independent State, and in utter and
willful contempt of the wishes and interests of a
large body of loyal citizens, who had suffered all
and braved all for their country.
Only about five hundred persons were allowed
to vote, but the greater part of the district was ab-
solutely coerccd from voting; there therefore could
have been no election, and the claimant is not en-
titled to his seat.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I do not intend
to occupy more than a few moments of the time
ofthe House. The Committee of Elections weie
unanimous in the resolution which they reported.
No gentleman has ventured to object to the adop-
tion of that resolution. I beg pardon, the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Mallouy] did. With
that exception no member has objected to the
resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. I learn from the chairman
of the Committee on Elections, if I understand
his report correctly, that the committee object to
