1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
sentations may do for you; they may answer as
playthings for children, but the people will not
take to your bantling. This act of our worthy
Speaker, supported by those upon that side of the
House, instead of being the impulse of patriotism,
in my judgment is a piece of charlatanism in
order to make votes before the people at the com-
ing election. The people understand you and
• will read your, motives; will understand your in-
' ordinate love of power and the means by which
you would gratify it.
I have said thus much in reference to my opin-
ion of the causes which prompted this resolution,
and it now becomes my duty to address myself
more directly to some remarks made upon the
matter involved in this resolution by the honor-
able gentleman from the Baltimore district, [Mr.
Davis,] whom I do not see in his seat. In his re-
marks of last evening he spoke of this side of the
House as too tender-hearted to exterminate—that
was the language—our enemy. Exterminate, sir!
Are we engaged in a war of extermination? Is
it no longer a glorious conflict of arms? Have
we unsheathed the sword to slay the child at the
mother's breast, to kill defenseless women, to drive
beyond the borders of the rebellious States those
who are not combatants, the defenseless and in-
nocent with the guilty ? is that the opinion of the
fentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis ?] If it is
can teil him at once that while I would fight the
armies of the rebellion, and light them at every
hazard, I am not the man to slay a babe at its
mother's breast, or helpless women, or drive
the innocent and defenseless wanderers in exile.
God made me not such a man. The gentleman
^ from Maryland,if he desiiesand be sincere, muy
monopolize the glory pertaining to the work of
extermination. I am no barbarian. I would not
recede in civilization to the dark history of a re-
mote past. Conquer the armies of the rebel States,
and you have accomplished all. Conquer them !
The gentleman has no purpose to do that; he said
he would exterminate. It is cowardly to exterm-
inate an enemy's population. Brave men fight
battles, win victories, conquer armies, but no na-
tion in tins ago of the world will dare enter upon
the mission of blottiugout und destroying a whole
people, it j3 impossible, sir, I propose to ^ive
my aid to overcome the armies of the rebellion.
When that is accomplished, sii, our present
troubles will end, if wo continue to conduct the war
upon principles required by the civilized world.
I know that gentlemen upon the other side of
the House seem to think that all the patriotism
and valor and glory of the country are vested in
them. Well, if military commissions make it,
they are right; but if patient and disinterested
patriotism rmiko it, you aie a great way out of
your reckoning. " Exterminate! exterminate!"
That means to massacre, to drive from roof and
shelter, and from home and country. I say to
you that I have never rend in history ,of an
instance in which eight million human beings
have been exterminated, but I have heard where
they have been conquered by vanquishing their
armies. 1 am for conquering the rebels, but ex-
termination is the wild frenzy and fanaticism of
the other side, and, in this age of the world, im--
possible. Why,sir,extermination has been tucd
on (he continent across the water, but Poland still
resists the power of the legions of Russia, and
Ireland still protests against the extermination of
her children. What 1 complain of is that Rep-
resentatives in this body have adopted this un-
called -forcryofextermination,wluch,foranygood
purpose, would render a war on either sidefruit-
less. You may conquer, you ought to have con-
quered long ago, and you would have accom-
plished that end had the energies of the country
been directed to the one object, to save the Union
and the laws and Constitution of the country.
The gentleman from the Baltimore district [Mr.
Davis] took occasion to say last night, by way
of a fling at the Democracy, that the city oY New
York ran red with blood as the result of mob
violence. It is true, sir, that mob violence did
prevail there during the past year; but it does not
lie with the gentleman from Maryland to make
such uehutge. The fiist time he appeared in this
House he floated upon tho ebb and flow of a tide
of blood from Baltimore to Washington. He
appeared heie as the Representative of the Plug-
ugly ism of Baltimore. It does not lie with him
to makec^tal of charge.s.of that character against
the city of New York, for he came here under
that reign of terror which prevailed in Baltimore
when men were stricken down for their religious
opinions and because of the accidental country of
tneir birth. 1 do not refer to this with any dis-
respect, but merely to show that men when their
minds are much engaged upon a topic forget the
rules of consistency and charge upon others errors
and faults that may be found at their own doors.
Having said this much, I desire now to address
myself directly and very briefly to the question
in controversy. 1 pass over the resolution which
was introduced to expel, and the subsequent res-
olution to censure, the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Harris;] that has been passed upon,
and yet, surprising as it may appear, gentlemen
on the other side have spent more time in this
debate on the gentleman from Maryland than they
have upon the gentleman from the second district
of Ohio, because, I presume, they thought him
more vulnerable. This is another evidence of
the fact that partisan purposes are in view and not
an intention to expel a gentleman for any wrong
done legally authorizing expulsion. I will send
the resolution now pending to the Clerk's desk,
and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read the resolution:
Whereas on the 8th of Apiil, 1864, when the House of
Representatives was in Committee of the Whole on the
state ot the Union, Ai.kxa.nder Long, a Representative
from the second district ol Ohio, declared himself in favor
of recognizing the independence and nationality of the so-
called confederacy now in arms against the Union; and
whereas the said so-called confederacy, thus sought to be
recognized arid established on the ruins of a dissolved or
destroyed Union, lias as its cliiel'officers, civil and military,
those Who have added perjury to their tieas-on, and who
seek to obtain success fortheir parricidal eflort^by the kill -
ing ot the. loyal soldieia of the nation who are seeking to
save it from destruction; and whereas the oath required
of all members, and taken by the *aid Alexander LoNoon
the first day of the present Confess, declares " that I have
voluntarily given no aid, countenance, counsel,or encour-
agement to persons engaged in armed hostility to the Uni-
ted SiateV'theieby deeJainig that Mich conduct is regarded
a* inconsistent with membership in the Congress of the
United Slates: Therefore,
Ucwlvcdy That At^fxanofr I^ono, a Ilcpiesentative from
the second du-trier ot Ohio, having, on tin; 8th of April, 1864,
deelaied himself in lavoi ol recognizing the independence
and nationality of the so-eal!cd contcdeiaey now in arms
against the Union, and thereby •' given aid, countenance,
and eneomagement to person* engaged in ariued hostility
to the United States," ^ lieieby expelled.
Mr. HARRINGTON. During the pendency-
of that resolution, another was introduced for the
expulsion of the gentleman from Mary land, which
failed. A resolution to censure that gentleman
was then introduced, and for that resolution of
censure I voted. In reference to the resolution
now under consideration I will say that I believe
the language used by the gentleman from Ohio
was .substantially this: that in his opinion there
were but two alternatives, cither the destruction
or annihilation of the people of the so-called
southern confederacy, or an acknowledgment of
their independence, and that of the two he pre-
ferred the latter.
Now, sir, I am willing to assume, for the pur-
poses of this debate on the resolution of expul-
sion, that the gentleman stated positively, and not
*is a mere matterof opinion, that there wemonly
these two alternatives. I do not agree with the gen-
tleman from the second district of Ohio. I think
that when he enounced these words in this House
he did injustice to the conservative element of the
Northwest, and also to the conservative element
of the central and eastern States. 1 am riot here
to justify him for the language he used, for I tell
you here withoutqualification that I condemn and
repudiate his notions. 1 say that there is another
hope than the alternative stated, which I trust
may be realized. I believe that we can conquer
the armies of the so-called confederacy, and by
vanquishing armies enforce the laws. But to ex-
terminate is to apply the torch virtually to our
own temple of liberty. To exterminate is to im-
itate the exampleof the blind Samson who pulled
down the pillars of the temple, and while destroy-
ing his enemies himself perished beneath the
rums. I desire to see free government maintained
m the States that are now honest tn their fidelity
to the Constitution. I would not pull down one
piliarin the edifice of constitutional hbeity. None
but a fanatic would do it. I desire to see liberty
under the Constitution in the rebel States; and it
will again be there enjoyed as well as here if the
madness of a majority does not destroy it.
I then do not agree with the honorable gentle-
man from the second district of Ohio, and I be-
lieve he does not represent the sentiment of his
district. 1 do not know that he does not, butl
believe he does not. I felt pained as much as
you gentlemen on that side when he uttered these-
sentiments, ay, more than you, for I saw a gleam
of pleasure on that side of the House. I marked
the pleasure that was shown on the other side,
such as the tiger shows when he crouches to
spring upon his victim. I felt sad. that any man
who had been identified with the conservative
sentiment of the country should, in this delibera-
tive body of the nation, while war and all its
calamities were upon us, take such a position as
he has done. I did not agree with the doctrine
enunciated by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Harris.] But this question was presented
to me, " Will you expel the Representative of a
free people under the Constitution for the utter-
ance of sentiments which are not only disagree-
able to you but painful?" There, sir, again ad-
dressed itself to me a principle—an importajftone
—that 1 regard as a constitutional obligation.
While I condemn the sentiments, and while I
voted to censure him, I felt that it would be con-
trary to the Constitution and to the genius of our
institutions to give my vote for the expulsion of
the gentleman from Maryland.
The other gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] says we cannot reconcile our vote of rep-
rimand or censure with the vote against expul-
sion. I find in the Constitution of the United
States that two thirds of the members of the
House can expel a member without assigning
cause, and I find another provision that a member
for disordetly conduct may be censured. The
censure, at most, implies a decided difference of
opinion in the body in support of which a dis-
approbation of the individual opinion or conduct
is expressed. Now, here was the trouble in my
mind in regard to the resolution of expulsion: how
do I know that the gentleman from Ohio, as a
matter of fact, docs or does not represent the sen-
timents of his constituents? I have no moans of
knowing. The genius of our institutions is founded
on the idea that every portion of the country is
to be represented on this floor. This is a funda-
mental right. For that purpose the States aro
divided into congressional districts. We are
called a deliberative body; how can we deliberate
unless we debate ? How can we come to a con-
clusion here unless everybody isfree to speak his
opinion, if within the rule, subject to censure, to
be sure, which is a mere matter of opinion, in tho
House? I grant that language may be used dis-
tasteful to you and to me, and yet at the same
time 1 ask who shall determine the dividing line?
What is legitimate debate, and what aground for
disfranchising the people of a district?
Is a representative body supposed to agree on
all points? Rut gentlemen on the other side say
we must agree on vital points. Who, I ask,shall
judge of the vitality ? Will you let the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who is for exterm-
ination, for blotting out men, women, and chil-
dren ? 1 would as soon have let Robespierre judge
forme, if he mean all his words import. Has our
Government become so weak that the expression
of opinions by two members on this floor is dan-
gerous and likely to ruin the country ? Have the
people of this country become so degenerate that
the expression of two opinions here endangersour
political fabric and freedom ? If so, then we might
as well break up our institutions, for we have
nothing worth retaining.
Sir, I sec no other way than to allow men to
utter their sentiments here, whatever they may
be, and meet them in debate and denunciation if
need be. In the brittle between error and truth,
truth is sure to triumph. That is the way I would
meet the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Har-
ris.] That is the way I would meet the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Long.] I would battle their
arguments with counter reasons founded upon
history and principle, and ask the people to judge
of the right and the course of duty to be followed
by their Representatives.
Ah! but, says the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis,,] oui Government is made up of public
opinion, and therefore there mustbe no expression
here which contravenes public opinion or which
may demoralize it. 1 deny the right of any man
to act as censor of public opinion or to withhold
from the public the opinions of any Represeata-
