3546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 4,
are now doing the public printing in ail branches
of it at less-, even with the present high rates,
than we formerly paid. Under the circum-
stances, I do not think at this period of the ses-
sion we ought to vote ourselves these Looks.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 desire to inquire of any
Senator who may have examined this subject,
whether if the Senate shall pass this bill agreeing
to take tlie'baek numbers of the Globe, the cost
of the books will not have to be deducted from
the salaries ofSenatorsand Representatives under
the law of Congress fixing the pay of members
of Congress?
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill seems to provide
for that, and it makes an appropriation for the
books. I am told by the Senator from Rhode
Island, the chairman of the Committee on Print-
ing, that the additional cost of the'back numbers
is $98,000. I said $100,000.
JVlr.S0.MNER.. The statute providing for the
compensation of members of Congressexpressly
cnacts that the cost of books furnished to them
shall be deducted.
Mr,SHERMAN. Thisis asubsequentstatute,
and modifies or repeuls that statute to that ex-
tent.
Mr. HARLAN. But it seems to me it does
not conflict with that statute, but it is in strict
pursuance of it; That statute provides, if 1 re-
member it correctly, that the cost of any books
hereafter received by members shall be deducted
from their pay. We agree to take books, that is
we'ngree to purchase them and take the costfrom
our pay as members of the Senate and of the House
of Representatives. We only agree to make the
purchase in the way indicated by that law.
Mr [lENDRICKS. If that is the case, mem-
bers need rinttakethemunless they wantto dose .
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate. I. have said on this subject before all that I
have to say. The whole amount appropriated is
$98,000 for the present Congress, this session and
the next. The last section provides that "all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent herewith be and are
hereby repealed." I suppose that, was intended
to repeal the obligation of members to pay for the
books; but 1 think with the Senator from Iowa
that it does not perhaps do so. There is no law
against members receiving books, but the law
requires that those receiving them shall pay for
them, and I do not seo that this bill is inconsist-
ent with that law.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Sherman by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
11, nnys 24; as follows:
YEAH—Messw. Chandler, Clark, Halo, Harlan, Ram-
sey, Sherman, Sprague, Ten Eyck, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wilson—11,
NAYS--Messrs. Buckalew, CaiHIe, Conneas, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittic, Foot, Harris, llondriok*, Htek^Joh ison,
Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MoDougnll, Morgan,
Morrill, Powell, Richaidson, Riddle, Snul&bury, Simmer,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, ami Willey-—24.
AUtiENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Collamer, Dixon,
Fufisemlon, Foster,Grimes, Harding, Hemlorfaou, Howard,
Howe, Nesmith, Potneroy, and Wright—14.
80 the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Carlile, Chandler, Conner,
Cowan, Davis, Doolittlo, Foot, Harris, Hendricks, Ilick«,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MoDougall,
Morgan, Morrill, Pomeroy, Powell, Ramsey, Richardson,
Sh'dl**, Saubbury, Sumner, Tiumbull, Van Winkle, and
Wilkinson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Hale, Harlan,Sherman, Spraguc,
T$rt Evek, Wade, and Wil&on—8.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Btown, Collamer, Dixon,
Fefesendcn, Foster, Grimes, Harding, Henderson, Howaid,
Howe, Nesmith, Willey, and Wright—14.
So the bill was passed.
HOSPITAL MATRONS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask leave to introduce a
joint resolution which is of great importance in
regard to our hospitals.
There being no objection, leave was given to
introduce a joint resolution (S. No. 79) to in-
crease the compensation of matrons in the hos-
pitals; which was read twice by its title, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that from and after the 1st day of July,
1864, hospital matrons shall be entitled to and
shall receive ten dollars a month and one ration.
Mr. WILSON. I hope by unanimous con-
sent this resolution will be put on its passage and
sent to the House of Representatives.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the Senator from Kan-
sas to wiihdraw that motion for a moment to en-
able me to submit a motion to take up a House
resolution presented to us this morning.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is a resolution
to raise the salaries of employes, which will lead
to debate; and while I should favor the proposi-
tion, I cannot give way.
Mr CARLILE. It will not be debatedon the
part of its ad vocates.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas that
the Senate go into executive session.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. If it is in order now
before the call is made, I will ask for the pas-
sage of the resolution I offered a few moments
ago.
Mr. HALE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Foot, Hale, Harlan, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
pas, Moigan, Morull, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sheiman, Ten
Eyck, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—19.
NAYS — Messsra. Buckalew, Caihle, Conness, Davis,
Hauls, Hendrick-s IIick<, Johnson, McDougall, Powell,
iiiebiirdson, Riddle, Saultbuiy, Sutnnei,Van Winkle, and
Willey—Ifi.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown,Collamer, Dixon, Doollttie,
Fes&euden, Foster, Crimes, Harding. Henderson, Howard,
Nesmith, Spraguc, Wade, and Wiight—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideiation of executive busi-
ness. After nearly an hour spent in executive
session the ^oors wore reopened.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the res-
olution submitted by him for the appointment of
a committee to wait upon the President of the
United States and inform him that unless he have
some further communication to make Congress
is ieady to adjourn was taken up and agteed to.
The PRESl DENT pro tempore was authorized
toappftintthecommitUicj and Mr. Lane, of Kan-
sas, and Mr. Morgan, were appointed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid befoie the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to low, the accounts
of the Indian agents within the southern super-
intendency for the first quarter of the year 1864;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution of the Senate (No. 79) to increase the
compensation of matrons in the hospitals.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 338)
for the relief of John J. Michie, of New Orleans,
Louisiana, in which it requested the concurrence
of tho Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced thatthe Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 343) making an appropriation
for testing submarine in ventions; and
A bill (S. No. 346") for the relief of Richard G.
Murphy.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the report of the proceedings of the court-martial
in the case of Commodore Wilkes, reported the
following resolution;, which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the proceedings of the court of inquiry
and court-martial in the case oi Comr&odore Wilkes be
printed.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
additional copies of the report of the select com-
mittee on naval supplies, reported the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That two thousand five hundred additional
copies of the report of the select committee on naval sup-
plies be printed for the use of the Senate, and five hundred
copies for the use of the Navy Department.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, also reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the report of the
National Academy of Sciences, heretofore ordered to be
printed, be printed for the use of the Academy.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the message of the Presidentof the United States
in relation to Mexican affairs, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the papers relative to Mexican affairs,
communicated to the Senate by the President of the Uni-
ted States June 20, 1861, be printed.
ARSENAL EXPLOSION SUFFERERS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 118) for the relief
of the sufferers bv the late accident at the United
States arsenal in Washington, District of Colum-
bia, reported itwithoutamendment; and by unan-
imous consent it was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
EXTltA COMPENSATION TO EMPLOYES.
Thejoint resolution (H. R. No. 121) granting
additional compensation to the employes of the
two Houses of Congress was read twice by its
title, and, objection being made to its present con-
sideration, it was laid over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson-, its Clerk, announced that
tho House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (No. 122) for the relief of Gilbert &
Gerish, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed
the following enrolled bill and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 421) to pay in part for pub-
lishing the debates of Congress, and for other
purposes;
A joint resolution (HP. R. No. 118) for the relief
of the sufferers by the late accident at the United
States arsenal in Washington, District of Colum-
bia; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 79) to increase the
compensation of matrons in the hospitals.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hay, his Secretary, announced
that the President of the United States had this
day approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No. 154) to provide for the better
organization of the quartermaster's department;
An act (S. No. 185) to establish a branch of
the Mint of the United States at Dalles City, in
the State of Oregon;
An act (S. No. 138) to regulate proceedings in
cases between landlord and tenant in the District
of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 246) for the relief of seamen
and others, not officeis, borne on the books of
vessels wrecked or lost in the naval service;
An act (S. No. 339) to repeal a joint resolu-
tion entitled " Joint resolution to grant additional
rooms to the Agricultural Department, and for
other purposes;"
