THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Vice President and these other officers, are ex-
empted? They are holding high positions under
the Government, and they arc as able to pay
their $300 for the support of the armies of the
United States as any other set of men in the
country. They receive theiremployment and pay
from the Federal Government, and why should
they not contribute to the putting down of the re-
bellion?
Now, sir, take a different classofsociety. When
the farmers, the mechanics, the merchants, the law-
yers, the physicians look over this law, will they
not have good cause to complain that these men
holding high offices and receiving large salaries are
exempt? When I look overthis body I see that
perhaps two thirds the members here are not ex-
empt liy reason of age.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOM ALL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking from it the judges of the courts
of the United States. My object in moving this
amendment is to limit down the exemptions to the
smallest possible number consistent with the good
of the Government. I suppose the amendment
just offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will hardly carry m this House, because it seems to
me to be inconsistent with the requirements of the
publicservice to say that the Vice President and
the various heads of Departments should be com-
pelled to go into the military service, but I see no
good reason why the judges of the several courts
of the United States should not be compelled to
go into the military service of the United States,
if drafted, or pay their commutation, as well as
Hhe judges of the State courts. I therefore offer
the amendment I have submitted.
Mr. ROSS. I am opposed to the amendment to
the amendment,and in favorof thcamendmentas
originally offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Coffrotii.] 1 have been unable to
learn any good reason why the Vice Presidentof
the United States, heads of Departments, and the
judges of the seveial couits of the United Suites
should be exempted from the peiformance of mili-
• tary duties under the provisions of this bill. It is
said that there is but one Vice President of the
United States, and that it is inconvenient for him to
leave his duty to enter the military service. There
are two pntvisions in this bill of which these indi-
viduals may avail themselves. In the first place
they may procure a substitute, and in the second
place they may pay the $300 commutation. 1
want to know whether the poor man, who is un-
able to raise $300, shall be tuin mthlesisly from
a helpless family and forced into tins war whether
he is willing to go or not when thesis individuals
who are receiving high salaries shall be exempted
from furnishing a substitute or paying the com-
mutation motley. 1 shall vole forthe amendment
of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, no that all
citizens shall stand upon a dead level in regard to
this matter.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was then iejected.
Mr. ICERNAN. I move to amend section
thirteen, line .seventeen, by adding after the word
theiefiom" us follow^;
And ministers of tin* j>o*pe| of overs' denomination who
devote iIwuimHvc* exehi-ivety totheir piotV«Mon, and who
do not engage in any loute, scculm biiMnes-<,o) ptofessiou.
Mr. Chairman, I hope that that amendment!
will commend itself to the committee. I trust |
that it will meet with no opposition fiom mem- I
hers of the Committee on Militmy Affairs. 1 ;
submit, that it is light in hself that the avocations 1
and duties of ministers of the gospel are inconsiat- \
cnt with those of soldiers; that their avocationw
and duties are to reconcile difFt ieiic.es between \
individuals, to make all men more charitable, to j
inculcate peace, and that their character should j
not be associated with that of men who take part i
in war. ■
Again, sir, I,submit that this bill, unless we j
adopt this amendment, will put us in an improper !
position before the woild. It will not give us !
many men or much money, and yet it makes us i
stand buforc the world as declariug that we are so 1
pressed for men to carry on this war that we are 1
compelled to draft m misters of the gospel; that we '
are compelled, although we are a civilized people, !
t° make them take part in a war, and that a civil I
waffs! believe that heathen nations have not been I
accustomed to take their priests, or those who <
occupy^ the same position that ministers of the gos- j
pel in Christian countries,, and compel them to !
go to war. I believe that they do not allow them
to go to war. The practice has been in all civil-
ized nations that those who minister at the altar
of God, and whose duty is to inculcate peace and
good will, shall not take part in war; that they
shall not stain their hands with human blood.
Mr. Chairman, this is nota party question. 1
do not want this House to stand where this bill
would have them without my amendment. And
when the war is successfully closed I trust that
we shall have churches and ministeis useful in-
strumentalities in again bringing about a proper
state of feeling between the citizens of the various
portions of the Union, and that we shall nothave
upon our statute-book a law compelling these men
to take part really, practically,in this war, or the-
oretically by furnishing; substitutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am opposed to the
amendment. In the first place, a minister of the
gospel really useful to his congregation or society
will find no difficulty in getting the commutation
money provided for by this bill to exempt him
from being drafted.
1 am peihaps more fortunate than some mem-
bers upon this floor in this respect, that not a
single minister in my district has ever written to
me a lme'or said to me a word intimating a wish
to be exempt from liability, with his neighbors,
to be drafted to go into the Army during this re-
bellion. The ministers of my districtbelieve that
this war is a Clnistian war, and that it is the
Christian and religious dut y of every good Union
man, every God-fearing man, although he may
carry the Bible in one hand, to take the sword in
the other, and fight this hellish rebellion until it
is crushed. The chaplain of my old regiment,
a most godly man, and a man of great dignity,
has resigned his chaplaincy and gone into the
fighting line, and he is now a major m a new regi-
ment which 1 had the good fortune to raise re-
cently. He is a fair type of the godly ministers
in my district, and I think of my Statu. It us a
icligious duty they take upon themselves, and
which they believe is resting upon them, to en-
gage actively in this war.
It so<>ms to me it comes wii h ill grace from that
side of the House, who have been moving to strike
out the exemption of tin* Vice President and the
judges of courts, to now seek to ingraft upon
this bill a provision which shall exempt the whole
class of ministers of the gospel in the United
States from ihisdraft. Why, sir, what will their
poorconstituents, ihose God-foai ingaml excellent
men down on the Five Points in the city of New
York' say to them when you announce to tln-m
that you have exempted ail the ministers of the
United States and have not exempted them?
(lloie the hammer fell.]
Mr. THAYER. 1 move to strikeout the last
word of the amendment. I move the amendment
for the purpose of offering a few observations upon
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
New xoHc. In my opinion the piopositiou of the
gentleman fiom New York is < minently justand
proper, if we are to make a law which la to be
tniKceptible of execution and which shall carry
wiih it that mom! foiee whieh shall render it ef-
fective, we must make a law the discrimination of
which shall be appaiontly just to Mie people. I
think it highly proper that eleigymen should be
exempt from bearing arms, not that they have a
right, as .a class, to claim any such pi ivilcge, but
because, as I believe, it would be for the interest
of the community and pi emotive of public moral-
ity that that cla.ss of men who are actually en-
gaged in the duiehurgc of mmisteiial and religious
dunes, whose prineiplesan J practices are opposed
to the shedding of human blood, should not be
compelled by law to take up arms and engage in
actual warfare. We all know that this elass of
persons m the loyal States are among the most
loyal and among the truest citizens of the Gov-
ernment. 1 know no one of them who would not
make any sacrifice which is necessity for the
preservation of this Government, and the putting
down of this rebellion; but I know there is a
unanimous sentiment among a laige class of peo-
ple that the interests of leligion demand their ex-
emption.
It is a false notion which is suggested by the
gentleman from Illinois, that this exemption is
claimed upon any personal ground. 1 know of
no respectable clergyman who would refuse to go
into the ranks if that were necessary to vindicate
the authority of their country. Their opinion is
founded upon the highest and holiest ground, upon
the necessity of retaining at home that small class
of individuals who are engaged in bunging up the
youth of the land, in celebiating the ordinances of
the churches, and in all those various religious du-
ties which are of so much importance to the pres-
ervation of a sound state of religious opinion and
the foundations of society. For one 1 believe in
that opinion; for one I believe, if you refuse this
exemption, you will not get out of all the clergy-
men of the United States an additional corporal's
guard in the Army. If this amendment is refused
it will he the first time, I say it confidently, in
which any nation on the face of the earth has
ever made a conscription law which included the
clergymen of the country in the classes who are
to bear arms.
Mow, sir, I do not stand here to plead for cler-
gymen as a class; but I do stand here to express
my opinion in favor of the proposition to exempt
clergymen, in favor of public morality and of re-
ligion. We should not disregard their claims.
Let me say to members of this committee that they
are claims which, m our present position as a na-
tion, we cannot afford .to disregard. We should
remember while voting on this question the high
character of these claims. We should remember
who it is that has said, "Them that honor me
I will honor, and they that despise me shall be
lightly esteemed."
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to ex-
empting ministers of the gospel from their share
of the duty of putting down this rebellion. It is
a general belief among a large part of the people
of this country, both North and South, that the
most pestiferous class of human beings—those
who have fomented secession at the South and dis-
union at the North—have been the clergymen.
And they are still fomenting hate, ill will, and
unkindness among the people. And now gentle-
men-come here and say that their piofession for-
bids them to engage m the shedding of blood, and
that therefore they should be exempt from mili-
tary service. Sir, I cannot recognize that afc any
aigument for such exemption.
Mr. GRINNELL. i ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether the proposition to exempt clergy-
men did not come from his own side of the House,
from a Democratic Representative from New
York, the gentleman from the Utica distiict?
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman suppose, Mr.
Chairman, that 1 care what side it came ftom?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. It does not make any difference to
me, Mr. Chairman, if a proposition be right orif
it he wiong, where it came from, i stand upon
the intrinsic merits of the proposition itself. 44 Is
it right or is it wrong ?" is the only question that
I ask.
Mr. GRINNELL. A new-born saint!
Mr. COX. I am opposed to this class legisla-
tion. 1 cannot recognize any difference between
ministers of the gospel and men belonging to any
other profession. After all it is nothing but a
business, and in the matter of allegiance evety
man, whatever may be his business, owes his
allegiance to his country.
[Lleie the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last two words. I op-
pose the amendment offered by the gentleman
fiom New Yoik, [Mr. Kerxan,] but for leasons
very different fiom those which the gentleman
fi oin Ohio [M r. Cox] has assigned. I am against
exempting clergymen fiom liability to military
service. 1 do not want to put into this bill an insult
to their patiiotism. No class of men m my State
has been more free or piompt to respond to the
call of the country than clergymen. [ remember
one instance that will serve to illustrate this. At
the close of the three months' term of service the
lieutenant colonel of a Pennsylvania regiment wns
invited by our Governor to reorganize his icgi-
ment. In response to the invitation he Paid, " No;
but I will name a man for the colonelcy, and will
be glad to aid him and serve under him as lieu-
tenant colonel. Give us our little chaplain as
colonel. He was at the head of the regiment in
every hour of danger and in every fight."
The clergymen do not ask to be exempted. I
have not had a letterfrom a single one in the State
of Pennsy I vania asking that his class shall be ex-
| cmpted from draft. I have, on the other hand,
j had a letter from the good and. pious bishop of
! the Episcopal ehurch of my diocese asking that
