1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that we shall ever foil to redeem our Treasury
notes, our interest-bearing Treasury notes or the
legal-tender notes? He cannot. It is a question
of ability'on the part of the people to pay the
taxes that will enable the Government to redeem
this currency.
What is the practical effect? The Treasury
notes, legal-tender notes, pass and circulate, of
coursc. They must circulate, because they are a
legal tender in discharge of indebtedness. Upon
them the Treasury pays no interest. The holder
of such a note feels secure that while the Gov-
ernment. is maintained, white the credit of the
Government is good, it will be a good paper cur-
rency in his pocket. He has the confidence in
that which he has in his Government. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury then says, " I Will issue
no more of this paper, but I will favor a national
banking system;" and how does he do that? He
first issues the bonds of the Government at six
per cent, interest.. He sells those bonds to the
people. Persons wishing to establish a bank buy
the bonds and deposit them in the Treasury, and
then the banker receives, on the deposit of those
bonds, bank bills from the Government, and he
turns round immediately and loans those bank
bills to the Government, and they then become
the Government currency. With that the Gov-
ernment pays the soldier; with that the Govern-
ment pays the contractor. But what is the effect?
No better currency, no higher security, because the
security for this bank paper rests upon the bonds
of the Government; it is upon the faith and the
ability of the Government to pay the bonds. That
is the security of the bill-holder. And yet to get
this currency into the market, to supply the place
of the State bank currency with this currency,
the United States is paying six per cent, upon
every dollar of it. The bonds are lying in the
Treasury, but the banker is receiving the interest
upon those bonds, which are the security for the
payment.
Then, sir, the Government, instead of furnish-
ing the people any better currency, furnish what
I think is not so good a currency as our own legal-
tender notes, and for every do^ar that finds its
way into the market the Government is paying six
per cent. That is the policy that has been adopted
by the Treasury Department, a policy thatcosts
us upon these $300,000,000 that are to be issued
interest to that extent, interest payable in gold
or silver equal to nine per cent., and that to sup-
ply the place of the State bank paper.
' Senators say that this will be an unquestionable
security in the hands of the holders, i do notin-
tend to discuss that now. If the bank bill shall
be ih the Senate again in a shape proper for dis-
cussion, I may have something to say about it.
I have never believed in the free-banking system.
I opposed it in the State of Indiana. It subse-
quently proved a failure. I do not believe in it
when supported and fostered by the General Gov-
ernment.
The value of this paper depends on the value of
the United States stocks. While our bonds are
taken at 110 in the maiket, of course this bank pa-
per will be all good and the bonds will remain at 110
while the currency is so inflated that it will float
them. The Secretary of the Treasury could not sell
a six per cent, bond, payable in gold, until he had
so inflated the currency of the country that it be-
came a desirable investment under the deprecia-
tion of the currency. Does the Senator expect
that this currency will remain so inflated without
limit? I admit that while the Government has
out $600,000,000 of notes in the market, the bonds
will be worth par and above par; but when our
currency is rcduced, when it approaches the gold
and silver standard, what then is to be the value
of the bonds? The value will depend upon the
ability of the people to pay the taxes. It will
depend upon the ability of the people of the coun-
try to pay the interest in gold and silver upon the
bonds. Do Senators not have some doubt that
the time may come when that interest will not be
paid in gold and silver?
I understand that the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Mcuns in the House of Repre-
sentatives announced, during one of the discus-
sions of the present session, that he desired to
mepf the question at once, and that the interest
on these bonds ous;ht to be paid in paper. I did
not read the debate, but 1 understood that a state-
ment like that way made by him m the course of
debate. I am not ready to take any such ground.
As far as I am concerned, while the people are
able to pay it, I shall vote for its payment. But
when the currency is reduced, when hard times
come upon the country, such as are sure to follow
a terrible war like this, are Senators sure that
these bonds will always be at par ? Suppose the
banker does not redeem this paper, then what is
to be done? The Secretary of the Treasury, I
suppose, is to sell in market tne bonds. The banks
are not going to fail in good times when there is
an abundance of currency, when trade is flourish-
ing, but the failure will come when the people.can
least bear a failure, when there is but little money
in the country with which to buy stocks, when
there is no special demand in the market for
stocks, and that is the time when the Secretary
will be called upon to provide for the failure of
the banks to redeem at their counters this cur-
rency of the national bank system; and I ask the
Senate then, when that time copnes, when there
is no demand in the market for bonds, when there
is a scarcity of money, when there are hard times
all over the country, if this is a good security
dollar for dollar for the issues of the national
banks.
The Senator has alluded to the fact that there
is a personal responsibility on the part of the
stockholders. I have never known a bill-holder
yet to realize a dollar from the personal responsi-
bility clause. We had it in our State; 1 have
known law-suits about it; but 1 have not known
one dollar to be collected on the personal lespons-
ibility clause in any charter; and I do not be-
lieve under this chartcr a dollar ever will be col-
lected. As soon as the time comes for failures
the stocks are generally found in the hands of
persons from whom but very small collections
can be made; at least up to this time it has been
found to be a valueless provision in the charters.
That, then, I regard as no security at all; and the
only security filed here is the bonds deposited in
the Treasury Department. While they remain
at par we have the security; while there is a de-
mand for them at par we have the security; but
when the times come during which banks are
likely to fail, my judgment is this will not be a
good security.
What I have to say I will close, for I do not
intend to discuss at this time the general banking
system. 1 regard itas a very dangerous system,
placing in the~hands of one man a power over
the values and business of the country that ought
not to be placed in the hands of any one man;
but my purpose was to vindicate the State banks
from the charges that have been made against
them. So far as I know, in the Northwest they
have furnished the people a currency with which
they were content and in which they had confi-
dence. I have no patience with this war that is
being attempted to be made against State banks,
not with a view to give place to the Government
money, but to give place to a system of banks
that 1 regard, and the people regard, as not so
good as that against which the war is being
made.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I inquire if the
amendment offered by way of substitute by the
Senator from Ohio will be amendable if it shall be
adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not so as to
qualify any portion of the body or text of the
amendment; but additional matter, by way of
provisos, may be added after its adoption, if it
shall be adopted as a substitute.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to offer a proviso, which
I will .read. If it will be in order to offer it after
the substitute amendment is adopted, I will defer
offering it until the vote is taken on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio. If not, and itis
in order now, i will offer it now as an amendment
to his substitute. It is in these words:
And provided further, That the notes or bills of circula-
tion of all banks, associations, corporations, ot individuals,
issued before tins act goes into operation, shall not be liable
to pay any duty whatever.
Probably it is in order, and I might as well
offer it as an amendment at this time. The Sen-
ator from Indiana has uttered much truth, indeed
nothing else but truth, in tiie remarks which he
has made 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator fiom Kentucky as offer-
ing this as an amendment now to the pending
amendment offered by the Senator from:Ohio?
The Chair will suggest to the Senator that it will
be in order now orafter the am«ndm§nt, it shall
be adopted* has, been jadoptedv It is independent
matter, not qualifying the text of the original
amendment. . , i
Mr. DAVI& I will defer offering it untillthe
question, h£sfbeen taken ;on the,amendment of;the
Senator-from Qhio'.' , Is •;
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The question
is on the amendment of the&enaior from Ohid.. •.
Mr. POWELL. The.mattcr under considera*
tion is one of very £reat moment. I have been
somewhat struck > with the speech of the.Senator
from Ohio in advocacy of this proposition. It
seems that a conflict has come up now, and to that
the question is to be narrowed down, between the
State' banks and the national banks. The1 truth
is the system of finance that has been presented
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and which has
found an able and zealous advocate in the Sena-
tor from Ohio, is wrong in principle. There is not
a sound principle of finance, in my humble judg-
ment, connected with the whole scheme. It has
thus far proved a failure and disastrous to the
country, and the longer you continue.it the more
disastrous will be the, result, the more manifest
ai>d striking will be the failure of the paper-money
system of the Secretary of the Treasury. I re-
member, sir, when the national bank bill was in-
troduced here originally, when it was so ably and
zealously advocated by,the honorable Senator
from Ohio, we were tola that it would furnish the
best currency in the world, a better currency than
gold and silver. We were told that it wi>u!d
equalize exchanges throughout the whole coun-
try, and that the result would be a currency based
upon the credit of the Government, and one that
would be sound, healthy, and uniform through-
out the whole land. 1 then opposed the national
banking system. I felt confident then that it
would result in the most disastrous ruin to the
commercial and industrial interests of the coun-
try; and from the time the first note was issued up
to this hour my saddest anticipations have been
more than realized.
After trying a Government paper-money sys-
tem for a year and more, by issuing greenbacks,
and other forms of paper currency, some with
and some without interest, the Secretatyof the
Treasury at the last session of Congress presented
the national bunk scheme; and wo find that this
paper money is going down in value daily until to-
day gold is worth 194g m the city of New York.
You come up now to try and tinker it up again.
Allow me to tell you, Mr. President, the Senate,
and the country "that the only way to relieve the
country from this great disaster is to abandon the
system utterly.
But the Senator from Ohio to-day ascribes the
ills that arise from this system to the local bank
issues. He and the Secretary of the Treasury
desire to make the local banks, the State banks,
the scape-goats to bear their financial blunders into
the wilderness. Sir, that cannot be done. K is
not the State banks but it is the rottenness of the
system that has been adopted that causes the dis-
asters we all witness and feel. If you wish to
remedy it you must put the ax to the root of the
evil, you must stop your in famous system of paper
money, you must cuitail the issues, you must re-
peal your national bank law. That is the remedy,
and that is the only remedy. No financial tink-
ering of Secretary Chase will relieve the system
from that disaster which has followed and will
continue to follow it.
I have stated that the system is wrong in prin-
ciple. There is nothing new in this system of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I mean no dis-
respect to that distinguished functionary; I admit
that he is a man of ability; but his abilities have
nut been displayed in a financial line. He pre-
! sents his reports to the Senate and to the country;
he comes here rigged out in all the effete and ex-
ploded ideas that mark the pathway of commer-
cial disasters and bankruptcies in other nations
for a thousand years, lie has adopted all their
bad policies and rejected all their good. He has
his advocates; he has those who laud him as the
great financier of the age. So it was with Law
when he threw his paper-money system upon
n' France. So ail the paper-money-bubble men have
' had their followers. Under such a system money
is plenty, prices high; to the superficial observer
