1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3547
An act (S. No. 348) for the supervision, re-
pairs, liabilities,and completion of the Washing-
ton aqueduct;
An act (S. No. 343) making an appropriation
for testing submarine inventions; and
An act (S. No. 346) for the relief of Richard G.
Murphy.
EXTENSION OF THE SESSION.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a reso-
lution to extend the time fixed by the two Houses
for the adjournment of the present Congress for
the space of ten minutes, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, and it was concurred in.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent,and agreed to:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the tunc fixed for the adjournment of tfie
two Houses to- day be further extended lor the space of ten
minutes.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
resolution of the Senate for a further extension of
the time fixed for the adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress to-day.
Mr. SHERMAN subsequently submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the time last fixed by the resolution of
the two Houses for the adjournment of the present session
of Congress be extended until half past twelve o'clock
to-day.
In a few minutes a message from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk,
announced that the House of Representatives
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate extend-
ing the time last fixed by the resolution of the
two Houses for the adjournment of the present
session of Congress until half past twelve o'clock
to-day.
J ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speak-
er of the House of Representatives had signed
an enrolled bill (H. R. No. 32) to regulate the
sessions of the circuit and district courts for the
northern district of New York, and for other
purposes; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United States had this day approved
and signed the followingactsandjointrcsolutions:
An act (H. R. No. 305) to restrict the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and to provide for
the payment of certain demands for quartermas-
ter's stores and subsistence supplies furnished to
the Army of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 406) supplementary to an
act entitled "An act to grant pensions," approved
July 14, 1862;
An act (H. R. No. 413) to encourage immigra-
tion ;
An act (H. R. No. 461) for the relief of John
C. McConnell;
An act (H. R. No. 510) further to regulate the
carriage of passengers in steamships and other
vessels;
An act (H. R. No. 534) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Navy to provide for the education
of naval c&nstructors and steam engineers, and
for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 549) further to regulate and
provide for the enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of Hor-
ace Gates;
An act (H. R. No. 573) making an appropria-
tion to carry into effect an act to prevent smug-
gling;
An act (H. R. No. 575) to correct a clerical
error in the law of June 30, 1864, relating to the
Post Office Department;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) imposing a
special income tax; and
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 119) explanatory
of joint resolution in relation to the pay of staif
officers of the Lieutenant General.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of Colonel Archibald Crary, deceased,
reported it without amendment.
NEW YORK QUARANTINE LAWS.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
563) in addition to the act respecting quarantine
and health laws, approved February 25, 1799,
and for the better execution of the third section
thereof, have directed me to report it back without
amendment, and I ask for its present considera-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the "Whole. It proposes to
appropriate $20,000 to enable the Secretary of
the Treasury to purchase or erect suitable ware-
houses and other conveniences for the storage of
goods and merchandise imported in any vessel
subject to quarantine or other restraint, pursuant
to the health laws of the State of New York, at
such convenient place or places within or near the
port of New York as the safety of the public
revenue and the observance of those health laws
may require.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
INTERNAL REVENUE BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (No. 123) to correct certain clerical
errors in the internal revenue act, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
read three times, and passed. It proposes to
amend section thirty-eight of an act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for otherpur-
poses, by striking out " thirty-five" and insert-
ing " thirty-six;"to amend section eighty-one by
striking out " seventy-three" andjnserting " sev-
enty-four;5,to amend section eighty-four by strik-
ing out "eighty-one" and inserting "eighty-
two," and by striking out "eighty-four"andin-
serting " eighty-five;" to amend section one hun-
dred and nine by striking out " one hundred and
two" and inserting " one hundred and three/'
H. C. DE AHNA.
On motion of Mr. SPRAGUE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Finance be discharged
from the further consideration of the jointresolution (H. It.
No. 106) authorizingthe Secretary of the Treasury to dis-
pose of certain meneys therein mentioned.
The resolution was, by unanimous consent,
considered as in Committee of the Whole. Its
purpose is to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay over to Henry C. De Ahna the sum
of $2,000, deposited by him with Jay Cooke &.
Company to the credit of C. V. Hogan, an em-
ploye in the secret service of the Treasury De-
partment, or any part thereof, or to cause the
whole or part of the same to be confiscated and
paid over to the Treasury of the United States,
as, in the judgmentof the Secretary, may appear
just.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate again proceeded to the considera-
tion of executive business, and after a few min-
utes spent therein the doors were reopened.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There are
some House bills on the table which the Chair
will lay before the Senate.
The bill (H. R. No. 338) for the relief of John
J. Michie, of New Orleans, Louisiana, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall pass no
more bills. It will involve the necessity of an-
other extension of the session to get them en-
rolled.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 122) for the
relief of Gilbert & Gerish was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
CLOSE OF THE SESSION.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the committee
appointed to wait upon the President of the Uni-
ted States and inform him that, unless he may
have some further communication to make, Con-
gress, having finished the business before it, is
ready to adjourn, reported that the committee had
performed the duty assigned them, and that the
President replied that he had no further com-
munication to make.
The hour of half past twelve o'clock having
arrived,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Senators, the
time fixed by the concurrent votes of the two
Houses of Congress for their adjournment has ar-
rived. I now, therefore, wishing you, Senators,a
pleasant return to your homes and families, and
expressing the hope that before you again return
to this Chamber the clouds which have been low-
ering upon our beloved country may be lifted, that
the storm may be receding, that peace may be
again returning to our country, do declare the Sen-
ate adjourned without day.
THE END.
