1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the $300 commutation clause be retained, so that
those clergymen whose conscientious scruples
may prevent them from entering the active arena
of war may be honorably exonerated from ser-
vice. Beyond the wish for the retention of that
clause no Pennsylvania clergyman has made
known his wishes to me on the subject.
I remember that during one of the midnightde-
bates of the last session of the last Cong!ess a
ribald attack was made upon the clergymen of
the country, and a note was sent to me from the
gallery by a Pennsylvania clergyman, Rev. J.
Addison Whitaker, stating the number of cler-
gymen who had left their prosperous churches
and large congregations to serve as privates and
non-commissioned officers in the cavalry brigade
to which he was attached. It was, if my memory
serves me, five who were then on duty.
Let us not, Mr. Chairman, by incorporating
such a clause as this in the bill, give to the other
side of the House the chance to appeal to the
prejudice of tho&c who live by manual labor by
saying: "True, the proposition was made by a
member of our party, but they were in the ma-
jority ; they controlled tlie legislation of the House;
and they exempted this petted class." Nor am
1 willing to fling into the face of the clergymen
of the country a taunt by expressing in the body
of this bill a dT>ubt of their courage, manhood, or
patriotism. Some of them now command Penn-
sylvania regiments; others have done so; and all
have proved themselves brave and able soldiers.
Let our laws recognize their services, and not
disparage them by treating them asless than men
who recognize and are willing to peiform their
duly to a blending country.
Mr. ICERNAN. I do not desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to say one single word on this or on any
other measure to that small class of gentlemen
who, in legislating on questions like tins or on
any other question looking to the welfaie of the
country, can only see what side of the House it
came fiom, who are afraid that' they will be
caught voting for something proposed by some
gentleman who does not agree with them on all
questions. I think that if we are true to our duty
wo should come here to consult with one anothei,
and, so far as we can, to agree on that which is
wisest and best, no matter from what side of the
House the proposition comes. I recognize the
fact that there are many questions on winch we
aie divided into parties, and that party prejudices
and party views will control on them. But! trust
that when the question is whether we shall stand
forth the only Chiistian people wh<* ever in this
world made it the legal duty of their ministers of
the gospel to march to the battle-field, while we
ore not short of men, I trust that when that ques-
tion is before us there will be men enough to vote,
as the gentleman from Ohio says, on the intrinsic
merits of the proposition, and not on the circum-
stance of what member proposed it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last three words.
Mi. Chairman, I am opposed to any amend-
ment of this biil that shall relieve clergymen, or
any other class of men, from the service of their
country, when the welfare of that country de-
mands their services. I agree with the eloquent
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley]
that we would be libeling the virtuous and patn-
otic clergymen of our country if we were to give
this taunt to the world, exempting them fiomthe
draft. So far as regards the cleigymen of my
parish, I distinctly enter a protest against any
such exemption; and 1 say to you that if a clet-
gyman should object to standing the draft with
iiis fellow-men [ would suspect Ins piety as well
as Ins patriotism. .
Now, sir, in regard to the charge winch leii
from the lips of my colleague [Mr. Cox] I have
simply to observe that I think Dr. Olds church
will rectify all the difficulties of which lie com-
plains. The clergy men of the country are charged
by him with exciting to rebellion. Isthatso? I
direct the attention of that gentleman-to a gallant
colonel of an Ohio regiment—the brave Colonel
J,loody—one of the most pious as well as of the
most patriotic citizens of our patriotic State, who
never quails in the presence of an enemy, who is
always proud to follow the standard of his coun-
try in the thickest of the fight, as his prayers, 1
trust, are as sincere as those of any other man on
the altar of his God. Sir, 1 believe the voice of a
majority of our clergymen would not be heard in
this Hall claiming this paltry exemption. 1 pro-
test against it, and I shall individually vote against
it in whatever shape it conies.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 move to amend 
The CHAIRM 4N. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] withdraw his amendment to
the amendment.'
Mr. SPALDING. I withdraw it with a good
deal of reluctance.
Mr. COX. I object to its being withdrawn. I
oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league the other day made a speech in my absence,
in which he impugned my loyalty and patriotism;
and now he makes a slight attack upon me, and
then withdraws his amendment, so as to cut off
the chance of a reply. I submit to my colleague
that that does not come up to that high courtesy
which should distinguish him. My colleague
thinks I am mistaken when I say that rebellion
has been fomented by ministers of the gospel,
South and North. My colleague said in hisspeecb
the oLher day that he had shaken hands with reb-
els on Johnson's island, and that lie would rather
shake hands with such rebels than with some men
on this side of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. They were not clergymen.
Mr. COX. You refei red, no doubt, to some gi-n-
tlemen, y oui colli-agues, on t his side of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I did, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Yes, 1 know you did. You were
at home shaking hands with rebels. 1 was not
here when you made that reference or I could
have given you something more than mere words
about loyaltyand patriotism. I would liavcproved
you to be a seditious mail.
The CU AIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
will addiess the Chair.
Mr. COX. yes, mi -, I am coming to that, com-
ing right to the preaching. [Laughter.] My col-
league has been himself engage J, along with min-
isteis of the gosp. 1 in his own district, singing
anthems andgloi ifying old John Blown 'a sedition.
[Laughter.] More than that, sir, my colleague
was engaged again and again in Ohio in trying to
break down the laws of the United States, and I
can prove him from papers in my desk to be a
seditionist and tevolutionist. lie isa conspirator
against the Federal Govei ument 
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to his colleague?
Mr. COX. Ofeoutse 1 cannot do so, in a five
minute speech. lie would have cut me ofTftom
reply to him. This is tin'first opportunity lhave
had to i epel the assault of my colleague.
I can prove, Mr. Chan man, by papers in my
hand, if 1 had time to do it, that the gentleman,
along with these ministers who would now be
exempted, have for yeais persistently rebelled
against the Fedeial Government, have striven to
stir up hate and revolution between the States,
to imbroil them in conflict, and by violence to
overturn laws which had been decided to be valid
by the Supreme Couitof the United States. You
presided overaconvention called for that purpose,
and you are not the man, sir, to impugn my loy-
alty! I stood here fighting against secession and
revolution, while you, in Ohio, duiing all that
time, were alienating the sections and producing
civil war by your insurrectionary and rebellious
conduct.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word of it; anil I
do ltfoi the purpose of enablingme to say a word^
to the committee in regard to the importance of
immediate and efficient action in regard to this
bill. We are on the eve of the last and decisive
campaign. While we are wasting time in this
j House m these discussions, m th<-se attacks upon
! each other, and replies, I submit whether it is not
I better that we should perfect this bill and fill up
! the Army? Within less than thirty days a draft
| is ordered. It has been already twice postponed
I to await the action of Congress on this bill. We
are about to enter upon anew campaign, the most
important and decisive of all the campaigns since
the rebellion broke out, a campaign which I trust
is to end the rebellion. I wish I could impiess
upon the minds of the members of this commit-
tee the importance of adopting immediately the
most efficient and stringent enrollment law whieb
the ingenuity of the committee can devise for the
purpose ot'speedily filling up the depleted arniii-sof
the Republic. If disaster should befall our Ai'iny
m consequence of a failure to fill up the ranks, the
responsibility will test largely on this House.
I beg both sides of the House to allow ih-'fte
personal discussions to pass by until this bill is
perfected and shall have been placed upon the
statute-book, so that when our soldiers meet the
rebels ag'ain we may have the means of making
ourvictoricsdecisive. Letushaveacampaign like
the last. One more campaign like thelastanil this
rebellion is ejided, and When it is ended we cat 
meet and discuss these questions of difference be-
tween gentlemen and sections. Do notletuben-
danger our tiiumph by a failure to fill up our ranks.
Sir, my own State, I am proud to say, will fill
up its quota without resort to the draft. No call
has ever been made by the Executive ofthe United
States for troops upon the State of Illinois that
she has not immediately responded. 1 hold in my
hand a statement showing that in every call that
has been made during the piesetit war, from the
first call forseventy-five thousand men down to the
late call of the President, Illinois has been in ex-
cess of her quota; at one time thirty thousand in
excess, at another time over forty thousand in ex-
cess. 1 offered a resolution the other day which
I was sorry the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] objected to, calling on the Sec-
retary of War to furnish a statement showing
what Slates have been in excess of and what be-
hind their quotas. I have had prepared a state-
ment showing the conduct of Illinois in that re-
gard . Shehas always lesponded to more than
was required of her, as she will continue to re-
spond until this rebellion has been crushed out.
The following is the statement to which I refer. I
am proud to place it on our records:
? c3t*l cl
' c = <*
* i era a
^ *T3 >-3 >
3 3
? 2
ls>
88'_
T"oo
. . CI
© © ITS O Gi
© © 3 © o
© o n © ©
©©«<©©
3— © to
5 V -< ©
;owco
CO Si © CJ
C3 &
"oi Is
<r
