1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
and that should be thnonly way it could be saved,
how would the gentleman vote upon that ques-
tion? I suppose he would vote against it. Isup-
pose ho would look upon the Constitution as of
more importance to him than the country.
Let me remind htm again that the Constitution
prohibits this body fiom adjourning Gver more
than three days without the consent of the Sen-
ate. I am at liberty to suppose cases, because
the gentleman says that in no conceivable case,
under no conceivable circumstances, would he
allow himself in the smallest degree to violate a
single letter of the Constitution. I will therefore
suppose that the armies of the rebels were be-
leaguering the city of Washington and it was
demonstrated to a certainty that this body could
disperse them and save the country, and that un-
less that was done it was also certain the whole
Government and people would be overwhelmed
in one common destruction; I would like to ask
him how he would vote upon an adjournment of
four days to do it. I suppose he would notgo for
it; he would not save the country in that way.
Oh no ! The letter of theConstitution would pro-
hibit it, If the Senate should not give its con-
currence, it would not do to give four days to the
country.
Again, theConstitution prohibits doing-business
in this body with less than a quotum present. It
may be a question whether we arc not withouta
quorum at this moment, without I hope doing any
great damage by it. But suppose it were demon-
strated that if ten men oniy remained in this
House and the action of the House were required
to be immediate in voting supplies for the Army,
would the gentleman insist on the roll to see if
there was a quorum present that he might not
violate theConstitution in saving the country?
I think it is likely the gentleman would insist
upon it. I think it is very likely he would say the
country is a good thing in its place, a very nice
thing, hut what is the country without a Constitu-
tion ? What is the country withouta habeas corpus ?
Again, theConstitution requites that the people
of the free States shall deliver up to the people of
the slave States fugitives from service; m other
words, slaves. 1 would like to put another case
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] though I
am afraid he is not piesent, for I do not lemem-
ber any speaker being allowed to go on for this
length of time without interruption when he was
present. I will put my question, however; for
if he is not here he ought to be. He had notice.
I say, then, suppose a runaway negro, Abyssin-
ian or otherwise, were to escape into the gentle-
man's own State, the Constitution would requite
him to aid the marshal in returning that man back
into slavery; but suppose by a violation of that
clause of the Constitution, by refusing to return
the negio, he could sa\ e the counti y h om destruc-
tion, what, would he do—let the country go and
catch the negro, or h-t the negro go and save the
country? I myself would esteem the country
cheaply saved by the loss of the negro. Probably
the gentleman would not.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me if there be
any moral treason m this body, it is in those who
stand upon nice points when the country is m
danger. What folly to cavil about the rules for
governing a family while the house is on fire!
1 have no evasion on this thing. I have taken
an oath to support the Constitution of the United
States, and I intend to do it, as i have done here-
tofore. The Constitution requires me to do all
that is in my power to preserve my country,
and whenever a gi ven thing is shown to me to be
necessary to save the country from destruction, 1
will do it, and in so doing I will claim 1 am car-
rying out the Constitution, even if some phrase
in that instrument may seem to conflict.
Mr. Speaker, I ha\e already said that I be-
lieved the Democratic party proper to be drifting
rapidly toward the position occupied by it dur-
ing the last few months of the trim of James Bu-
chanan, having only apparently left that position
and never hawng tepuduted it. I have heaid
tins rebellion characterized as a rebellion for the
institution of slavry, as a slaveholders' lebelhon.
I will not deny that the slaveholders have been
concerned in it; mainly nistiumentai in ctuiying
it on. i will not deny thai slavery has been the
great'k'ading principle. Vet J bohevo it to be a
rebellion of ihe Democratic party. I cannot for-
get that wherever the Democratic party has been
in the ascendent this rebellion has culminated*irito
civil war. Is not that so? Look at the election
for President in 1860. Tell me a single State
where the vote was cast for the Democratic party
that has not been in open rebellion or in such
imminent danger of it as to require the power of
the Government of the United States to prevent it.
I pause for an answer if there be any such State.
It was an ingenious thing for the Democratic
party when setting up the standard of rebellion
in the South to leave a portion of their body be-
hind to embarrass the action of the Union men
by setting up constitutional quibbles. It was in-
genious, and the conduct of a few gentlemen on
the other side of the House has justified me in
saying that those gentlemen are performing that
part in this rebellion.
But I am departing from the immediate ques-
tion. I have been led to do so partly by follow-
ing the example of others and partly because I
desired to say what I firmly believe, and what 1
now repeat. The Constitution of the United
States requires hs to take all necessary measures
for sustaining the Government. To decide that
a measuie is constitutional I have only to know
that it is necessary for the preservation of the Gov-
ernment. 1 will now come to the immediate ques-
tion. The gentleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Long] in
his speech laid down three propositions: one is
that there is no right in the Government of the
United States to coerce the rebels; another was
that the Government of the United States and the
people of the United States have no physical
power to do it; and the third, that it is time for
us to withdraw and let the rebels have all they
want. 1 do not misrepresent the gentleman; all
this will be found in his speech. It is avowed
upon our side of the House that this is giving
aid and comfort to the enemy. Is it not giving
aid and comfort to the enemy to say that our
armies are wrong? Is it not giving aid and com-
fort to rebellion to say that every soldier in the
Union ranks who points his gun at the rebels
arid pulls a trigger is a murderer? because that is
the only conclusion to which we can come on
the gentleman's premises. Again, is it not giv-
ing aid and comfort to the enemy to say that the
Government of the United States is not strong
enough to put down the rebellion: What greater
aid and comfort can you give?
Let us look at the final proposition. Docs the
gentleman know that the South claim all south
of the Potomac ? They claim the old line between
freedom and slavery. They ask to have Mary-
land restored to the South, a State which has de-
clared she loves the country better than slavery.
They ask us to restore Western Virginia, born
and baptized in the blood of patriots. They ask
us to restoie to them Louisiana; they ask us to
restore to them Missouu; they ask us to icstore
to them Tennessee. Look how monstious the
proposition is when you come to entertain it in
its full length and breadth. And yet, that is the
proposition put forwaid m this House, and which
is justified upon the ground that it is merely the
exertion of the proper and legitimate freedom of
spef ch. 1 would have gentlemen to know that
there are some luxuries which can only be enjoyed
while the country is at peace, and that the fullest
license of speech is one of those luxuries. Ah,
the fteedom of speech is a great thing, and I
would be sorry to abridge it; but I must confess
the time may come when for the good of my
country I will bridle my tongue, or will consent
to have it bridled for me.
Let me illustrate. Suppose the gentleman were
on boatd a ship at sea in a storm, and suppose he
entertained an honest difleience of opinion from
the captain about the particular rope to be pulled,
or the particular dnection in which the helm
should be moved; and s^ypose, while the danger
was imminent, and the breakers ahead, the cap-
tain should give a certain order, and suppose that
gentleman should countermand the order, and rea-
son with the sailors that it was not right to do so;
that that was the cei tain road to destruction, what
would be done with him? The captain and the
sailors would not shoot him. My colleague [Mr.
L. Myers] suggests they might hang him to the
yaid-arm. I am inclined to think, however, they
would do exactly what, m a like ease, the honor-
able genileman from Indiana, the Speaker of this
House, pioposes m his resolution to do; that is to
say, they would throw him overboard.
Again, suppose the capital of the country were'
besieged, and suppose the gentleman were to in-
dulge freedom of speech, the great right secured
to us by the Constitution, by the Bill of Rights,
by the Magna Charta and all those sacred old
things, to publish and talk about at the corners
of the streets and upon the battlements, and tell
where the weak points of the defense were; what
do you suppose the people of Washington and
the authorities would do then? Would they re-
spect his right of speech, his constitutional right,
his freedom of speech which must not be inter-
fered with? What would they do? Precisely
what the gentleman from Indiana proposes to
do. They would throw him over the walls among
the rebels where they would naturally suppose
he belonged.
Now, Mr. Speaker, is there anything further
to be said upon "this subject? It is enough to say
that liberty of speech is notlicenseof speech; that
the liberty of speech justifies no man in imperil-
ing the safety of his country; that liberty of
speech is a luxury to be enjoyed to its fullest ex-
tent only in a time of profound peace. And I ask
the gentleman why it is that he and the few—for
i hope they are few upon the other side of the
House who agree with him in opinion—why it
is that he and they cannot cordially come to our
rescue and assist us in bringing about that pro-
found peace when even the gentleman can talk
such things as he has been talking here, with full
and entire freedom, and with safety to his coun-
try?
Shall it be said in the army of the Potomac
that a member from the State o/ Ohio, from that
State which repudiated Vallandighamby so over-
whelming a majority, arose m his place upon this
floor and deliberately told us wc were too weak
for our enemies; we had no right to kill them; de-
liberately asked us to yield all they demanded of
us? Shall it be told there that this was done, and
not denounced by every other member of this
body? What would be the effect of this on any
army to which it was told? Jt would paralyze
their efforts; the weapons would fall from the
hands of the loyal soldiers; the hesitating would
desert, and in all human probability a defeat of
our, arms would be the result. And yet we arc
deliberately told here that all this comes within
the freedom of speech. Ah ! sir, if the gentleman
honestly entertains these opinions, knowing the
danger of expressing them, he should have locked
them up in his own bosom. Pie should not have
told them even to his wife, lest somebody else
should catch from him the infection. It is for
uttering them here that 1 want this gentleman
to be punished, and tiie only way in which he can
be punished without the constitutional majority
of this House is by such a censure as will show
to the country that at least we, the majority of
this House, are m favor of putting down this re-
hellion to the full extent of extermination if need
be. If need be the enemies of America must be
absolutely crushed.
It is their fault if they carry their resistance
to such an extent as requires it. But they must
be crushed, whether that' crushing goes to the
extent of extermination or not.
Mr. Speaker, I speak as one having some feet-
mg on this subject, because my own State has
been invaded by thearmiesof these icbels. Twice
has the sacred soil of Pennsylvania been invaded
by the cohorts of rebellion, and twice have they
been driven back beyond the Potomac, and that,
too, mainly by Pennsylvanians. Sir, I have al-
ways felt proud of my State when I have remem-
bered that she is the State first north of Mason
and Dixon's line that has never for a moment
listened to the counsels of rebellion.
My friend asks me where James Buchanan was
during the last raid into Pennsylvania. I leaily
do not know, but I do know that the convention
of his party which met at Harnslmrg about that
time to nominate Judge Woodward as their can-
didate for Governor, knowing that lie sympa-
thized with Vallandigham, seemed to have no
fear of the rebels, and I suppose Lhey had no rea-
son to fear them.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do not know that I have
anything further to say in support of my amend-
ment. i sincerely hope it will be adopted. I
ask gentlemen upon this side of the House to sus-
tain me m endeavoring to do that which we can
do, rather than lose that which we can get, in the
