1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
vain attempt to get what we cannot. Every one
can see from the demonstrations we have wit-
nessed from the other side of the House that we
cannot carry; the pending resolutions by a two-
thirds majority. I ask you then to aid me in sub-
stituting my amendment for it, in order that this
moral treason—I was going to say, but probably
that would not be in order—this infamous con-
duct, shall not go wholly unpunished.
Mr. W1NFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I had in-
tended when I was honored by the constituency
whom I represent -with a seat upon this floor to
remain, at least for the present session, a silent
spectator of the deliberations of this body, par-
ticipating only so far as its votes were concerned
jji its constitutional action. But there are occa-
sions when even our wisest resolves must jaeld
to the exigencies and necessities of the hour, and
it has seemed to me that this discussion which
has been sprung upon this House, that the cast
it has taken, that the attitude which has been as-
sumed by certain members of the paity to which
X belong, that some declarations which I regret
to have heard made upon this floor, have rendered
it necessary for even so humble an individual as
myself to recede from that resolution which I
had formed, and to ask the attention of the House
for a brief period while I defined my position with
regard to some of the absorbing questions of the
day.
Sir, t was elected here after a nomination by a
political convention, a convention of that party
to which I have belonged all my life, whose his-
tory is intimately interwoven with the history of
this Government, and which, if I have under-
stood its position, has always been the true friend
to the Government and of the Union. Having
received the support of that party, and having
encountered the untiring hostility and opposition
of a large majority of the party represented by
gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
while I feel that my first great duty is to the
country whose Representative in part I am, lean-
not forget that I owe some debt of allegiance to
the party which sent me here.
But, sir, it is due to patriotism that that allegi-
ance shall yield to the higher and holier claims of
country whenever it shall appear that the attitude
of that party, its professions, its tendencies are
running counter to the greater interests of our
common heritage. If 1 supposed for a moment
that it had become the settled creed of that party
that the great work of restoring this Union and
putting down this rebellion was to encounter the
stern and unfaltering opposition of that paity, I
must necessarily cease to be its adherent here or
elsewhere. If 1 supposed for a moment that that
party, forgetful of all its past traditions, unmind-
ful of all its past professions, was about to falter
in the high duty which it owes to the country m
this its hour of peril, i should feel that my confi-
dence in it had been misplaced, that I had misun-
derstood its precepts, its teachings, and its prin-
ciples.
Mr. Speaker, I am led to this course of remark
by some observations which fell from a colleague
of mine [Mr. Fernando Wood] representing one
Of the districts of the city of New York. That
gentleman, in the course of his speech made yes-
terday, declared among other things that there
was no such thing as a war Democrat. I do not
know whether that remark was intended to apply
to the attitude of individuals or of the party at
laige to-day in this emergency, or was intended
to rccount the history of the party in the past or
was designed to reach over and establish a plat-
foim for partyaction in the future. But whether
it was the one or the other, I am here to say that
there is, there always has been, and there will be
after that gentleman and myself shall have passed
from the stage of action and shall have ceased to
participate in the affairs of th is Govern men t, such a
thing as a war Democrat. There will be war Dem-
ocrats whenever the honor of'the country is in dan-
ger. Whether the blow is to be struck from with-
out, or whether it is to fall upon us from treachery
within, there has been, there will be, and there
ought to be such a party of patriotism as a warDe-
mocracy. When our national honor, our national
integrity, or our national flag has been assailed in
all the past, it has been the boastof the partywhich
liassustaiued the gentleman who made that remark
that it was always on the side of the country and
in favor of maintaining its honor and dignity by
arm#to the extent of the last dollar and the last
available resources of the nation. Such I believe
to be its position now. This war has not, in my
humble judgment, been precipitated on this na-
tion from any misconduct or misconception of
duty on the part of the Democratic party or its
members. They have, so far as I am acquainted
with their history,sustained theircountry's honor
and have adhered to the Union by profession, by
precept, and by practice.
But, Mr. Speaker, this war is upon us. It is
upon us in consequence (I suppose I am at liberty
to say so) of the election of the Chief Magistrate
who now presides over the destinies of the nation,
and of the unwillingness on the part of the seced-
ing Slates to accept him as our constitutionally
elected chief ruler. It is upon us in consequence,
as I am free tosayhere,in my humble judgment,
 of the unwarrantable act of those who, unmind-
ful of their constitutional obligations, withdrew
from membership under the Federal Constitution
and defied the authority of the Constitution and
laws._ It is upon us in consequence of unjustifi-
able, illegal, unholy rebellion; and when the fact
became patent that it was so upon us, not only
the party who are represented on the other side
of the House but the party that has its represent-
atives on this side of the House had its duty to
perform in reference to the war. The Govern-
ment was not, in my judgment, in a position to
yield to the exactions'of rebellion. It was not
well, in my judgment, to surrender the integrity
of this Union, or to fill this land with the clamor
that there was no power under the Government
to bring back her rebellious citizens to obedience.
We were to meet this question as became those
who revered the Constitution, as became those
who had professed to love the Union, who under
the lead of the gallant old hero of the Hermitage
had declared thirty years before that this Union
must and shall be preserved. That was the tra-
dition of the party, that was the course to which
the party had been pledged. It was the course
they did pursue, and itis too late to say now that
at the inception of this rebellion, and when it was
determined to meet forcible desertion by forcible
opposition, there were no war Democrats in this
land. We have claimed from that hour to this
that our Army has been largely filled up by war
Democrats, and that every call made by the Pres-
ident was largely and gloriously responded to by
the generous, Union-loving Democracy of the
land; and it is too late to say or insinuate that alT
men who advocate the honest prosecution of this
war by constitutional means and for constitu-
tions! purposes have foifcited their ailegiancc to
the Democratic party.
I believe this rebellion was in every aspect of
it unholy and unjustifiable. After it was inau-
gurated an effort was made by wise and patriotic
citizens to adjust and accommodate our national
difficulties. That effort failed, and the failure
was, in my judgment, mainly the fault of those
who would rather have war than peace with sla-
very. Still, I believe, in marring the good work
so patriotically attempted, these ultraists had
ready and willing assistance from extremists at
the South, who piefci red war rather than to abate
a particle from their demands with regard to
slavery and its extension, or to submit to the
rule of'the Chief Magistrate elect. Who was at
fault for the fact that negotiation did not secure
reunion cannot in any way relieve us from our
terrible position or its responsibilities; the effort
failed; the South set our laws at defiance, ignored
our Constitution, defied the power of our Govern-
ment, seized our property, and finally fired upon
oui flag.
The question of duty then presented itself, and
it came home with peculiar interest to the under-
standing and conscience of the Democracy of the
nation. More than thirty years before, seces-
sion, with white lips and chattering teeth and
bated breath, had fearfully whispeied its parri-
cidal purposes. The old lion of the Hermitage
then trod the quarter-deck of the ship of State
and governed audguuled its movements. Would
to Heaven that in his then maturity of mind,
matchless judgment, and indomitable will and
energy, he could once moie take the helm.
" Like an eagle in a dove-cote he'd flutter the
voices'*' of these malcontents, and we should out-
ride this storm and enter in safety the haven of
Union and peace. But the lessons taught by Gen-
eral Jackson to treason at that time are, and
ought to be, perpetual law with the party then sup-
porting him. They were hailed with delight by
the now living as well as those who have since
gone to their account. They understood what
the man of iron meant when he said, "The Union
must and shall be preserved," and they approved
the declaration. They knew and we know that
the very moment a citizen or a collection of citi-
zens, however formidable in numbers or influence,
committed the overt act of resistance to the Fed-
eral law, General Jackson intended to hold them
guilty of treason, and, if necessary, invoke the
whole military power of the nation to bring them
to justice and submission. There were war Demo-
crats in those days; and it would have been a
sorry day for my colleague had he been hon-
ored with a seat here at that crisis, if he had
stood up to declare in his place* that no Democrat
would support the President in any attempt to
coerce South Carolina. The duty that Democrats
owed their country then they owe it now. It is
due to patriotism, and, what is a minor consider-
ation, to party consistency,due to the memory of
their glorious old leader, now sleeping," afterlife's
fitful fever," beneath the very tread of rebellion,
that they should reiterate and keep everywhere
and always his solemn oath, that "The Union
must and shall be preserved."
In choosing the part—a very humble and un-
important one—which I have taken in relation to
this rebellion, I have followed, as I believe, as I
know, the traditions and teachings of the great
party which has so long administered our Gov-
ernment, and you cannot wonder, sir, that I felt
startled to hear myself read out of the party for
believing with General Jackson that when citi-
zens defied the laws to compel submission was
our obvious duty. To submit our differences to
the arbitrament of war was a'dire necessity; but
I have always understood that our party was
pledged, even to the extent of war, to maintain
the Union m its integrity. We favored negotia-
tion, and believed in concession and peaceful ad-
justment; but I think I can safely say that the
majority here North did not intend to concede
anything, and the majority South did not intend
to accept anything short of separation. At all
events negotiation failed; both parties armed, one
to take the South out of the Union and the other
to hold the Union together. I was callcd upon
to elect which plan I would favor, because, Mr.
Speaker, it is certainly true that at the stage of
this affair to which I now allude the choice was
between recognition and warto prevent it. And
I cannot yet believe that I have forfeited the pub-
lic confidence because I cannot assent to the doc-
trine that there is no remedy but persuasion for
treason and rebellion.
Well, sir, at this juncture we all chose our
parts in the contest plainly approaching, and, with
an unexampled unanimity, the entire .North pre-
pared to fight for the Union. Even my colleague
[Mr. Fernando Wood] spoke in favor of armed
resistance, and devoted Ins time and talents and
contributed his money to raise and equip a regi-
ment to "fight rebellion down." Three years
have expired, and we aie again reviewing this
question of duty. I am free to confess that the
policy of this Administration has failed to satisfy
me. I am compelled, but sorry, to declare that
the manner in which the Piesiderit has treated
and disposed of certain questions of policy, collat-
eral to and growing out of the war, has not com-
mended itself to me as wise and statesmanlike.
To repeat what has been often and better said
before, the prcsidentai plan has, in my judgment,
greatly disappointed the conservative sentiment of
the North, while it has concentrated and strength-
ened the pui poses of the rebellious South.
So long as the Executive proclaimed that sub-
mission to the Constitution and laws was all he
sought, and that submission should end the war,
the South were fighting for a shadow, and the
leaders of the rebellion could not, in the judgment
of the wisest and best men of the land, have kept
up the masses to their support in so aimless and
fruitless a strife; but when we contemplate the
present attitude of the belligerents, when we com-
pare what the South is compelled to fight for now
(if she fights at all) with what she chose to go
to war for at first, no man can fail to discover
the magnitude of her present stake on the result,
or fall thence to conclude that her desperation
