550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Not counting enlistments in the Mississippi flo-
tilla, and allowing for credits due from Illinois to |
other States, it is safe to adopt the above figures
as a calculation upon the draft. This calculation,
however, does not include returns of the recruit-
ing service done m the past six months.
Upon the quotas of July and August, 1862, the
Secretary of War allowed for an excess at that
time of 16,978, although a much larger excess
has sincc been found to have existed. And yet
both these quotas—to an excess of 5,000 over the
original total of both of them—were filled with
three years' troops; which, by the rule of equiva-
lents, would give 70,636 as the relative value of
"three years'men''supplied where '/nine months'
men" were called for, or 110,000 as the whoie
product of those two calls, one three years' man
being equal to four enlisted for nine months.
When the quota for the late diaft was made up,
Illinois was found to, be over 43,000 ahead of her
quota.
Mr. GRINNELL. I oppose the amendment to
the amendment, as I am not in favor of the ex-
emption of clergymen from the draft; yet perhaps
I ought almost to distrust my own judgment when
I find myself advocating the same proposition as
tiie gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,j although
from different reasons, whose ethics and politics
I most thoroughly abhor.
The gentleman from Ohio has seen fit to stig-
matize the clergymen of the country as a class of
pernicious instigators of sedition and revolution.
Sir, I should like to inquire if there is a clergy-
man in this broad land, who has not hitherto ab-
jured the obligations of religion and the claims of
patriotism, who is opposed to standing in his place
likeamanand taking his chance under a conscrip-
tion bill? I have no such acquaintance. Rather, to
include them is regarded as a compliment to their
patriotism, manhood, and religion.
I have no doubt the genilcnutn from Ohio may
have found very uncomfortable friends among the
clergymen of the West, and why? For the rea-
son that many of them have most conscientiously
apportioned their lime and ministrations, giving
one day in the week, the Sabbath, to the desti no-
tion of the devil and his works, and the other six
days to the pestilentdoctrines of pro-slavery sham
Democracy. [Laughter.] This is the secret jif
the gentleman's ire against clergymen ; that is the
reason why he consider them pejstifei ous insti-
gator of sedition; they do not belong to his party.
No, sir, the clergymen of this country who aie
imbued with the pure spirit of Christianity aie
not second to any class of men in the land in their
patriotism, and they ask no exemption fiom the
draft. They joyfully take their chance with the
rest of their countrymen in fighting to put down
this rebellion.
Again, there is no clergyman whose ministra-
tions are highly valued by his congregation who
would notiind parishionei s leady to purchase is its
exemption should he be drafted and he would
consent to lemain at homo. I speak for the cler-
gymen of the West, with whom I have been more
nearly identified, when J say that they have re-
garded lighting to put down this rebellion not alien
to, but as a part of their Christianity. The bones ,
ofmanyofthem who were beloved pastors now i e- ;
pose alongside of those of the piivate, soldier be- |
neath the soil of the South. Many of them are to-
day immured in tebel prisons. Thcii children have
gone into the Army by tens of thousands with the
warm paternal benediction. Their sei moiis begin
and end with the patriotism of (he prophets, and
when tried by a higher tubunal than this there
will be found nothing inconsistent with the reli-
gion they profess; and so anient is their love of
country that they pray unceasingly in the oars of
their congregation (o the God of battles for suc-
cess, and shout, "Thcswoid of the Lord and of
Gideon." [Laughter.]
Mr. ARNOLD withdrew hisamendment to the
amendment.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
Provided, Such nun^tcishavcnot heretofoioand will not
jn tutus e pieach politic*.
Mr. Chairman, that seems to involve the only
question of division in the committee. I believe,
myself, with the gentlemen who have spoken on
this question, that there arc some ministers of the
gospel that I would be willing to exempt from the
draft. I respect a godly minister who makes
preaching the gospel his whole duly; but I have
no respect for that class of clergymen referred to
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.] We have
them in our community, mtermeddlers, stirrers-
up of strife and mischief. They ought to go to
war; they are fitted for war; they are not fitted
for peace; they are not proper men to preach
the peaceful doctrines of the Christian religion;
they are fighting men,and the Army needs them.
The country and the Government arc at stake, to
use the cant expressions of the other side of the
House, and these gentlemen ought to be willing
to go and give some evidence of their fighting dis-
position against the enemies of the country for
the purpose of restoring the Union. They are
loyal men—they claim to be loyal men—and it is
a fact that in every argument where we beat gen-
tlemen on the other side they always turn around
and say that we arc disloyal men. That is the
argument they resort to in every case where they
are worsted in debate. These ministers preach in
the same way. 1 want to see the ministers who
arc fighting men go to war, ami that those who
preach peace and good will shall remain at home.
Mr. GARFIELD. For the purpose of cutting
off debate, which has wandered from the subject
before the committee, I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Dawes reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the Senate (No. 36) to amend an actentitled "An
act for en rolling and calling out the national forces,
and forotherpurposes,"approved March 3,1863,
and had made progress therein, but had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that when the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state Qf the Union re-
sumed the consideiation of the bill the debate on
the pending section shall be closed m one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the Mouse resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Dawes in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 36, to amend an actentitled " An act
for em oiling and calling out the national forces,
and foi other purposes," approved March 3,
1863.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldrtdge] to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
[mr. kkrnan.)
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
and then the amendment was disagreed to.
Mi. DAWSON. I move to add the following:
nmg the quotas of ftoops heie-
i spoon ciedit *liall be given to
Provided, That in a-
aftei to he rai-ed liv <•<
State- and country lor Mich of their cjti/cn- a-? may have
enlMrd in the mihtatv niiramzatioif* ot othet States tot ,i
period ot tlttce \ eai-j <u during ilie wai, tuc Min" to be as-
eeiiained and deu'imtned b> the Secretaiyoi Wai.
Mr. Chairman, this provides that the counties
and States furnishing troops which have entered
info the military service from other States shall
becieiiited to the States and counties from which
they went and enlisted forthiee years or the war.
On a division tle-re weu*—ayes 50, noes 64.
Mr. DAWSON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Dawson
and Ortu were appointed.
The amendment was disagreed to; the tellers
having lepoited—ayes 65, noes 71.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I move to amend
the thnteenth section by inserting, in line seven-
teen, after the woid " therefrom," the following:
And all pej^ons who fiom eon>eieiitum> disbelief in the
humanity, neeo-ity, t.r eventual Miceesjs of tills war, ate
opposed to its Imiiici prosecution until an effort has been
made anil failed to end it by negotiation.
Were it in order to discuss this proposition 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. Debate has been closed upon this section
by order of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. The amendment
explains itself.
Mr. BRANDEGEE called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fernando Wood
and Mr. Sloan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 23, noes 103.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to amend this
section, in line seventeen, by inserting after the
word " thercfi ora," the word's " and husbands of
insane wives."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by inserting after
the word " therefrom" the following:
Any person having children under twelve years of age,
and a wife so afflicted as to be unable to provide for herself
and children and depending eutiicly on her husband for
MippOlt.
Mr. ASHLEY. I demand tellers upon that
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Eldridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 39, noes 57.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend the section by
adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, however, That any pooi person unable to pay
$300 commutation whohas a large family entueiy depend-
ent upon his daily labor for support shall not be toiced
against lus will to enter the seivice.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to amend by striking
out of line sixteen the words " two years" and
inserting "eighteen months."
The amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendments beingoffered to the thir-
teenth section, the Clerk read the fourteenth sec-
tion, as follows:
Slc. 14. Jlnd he itfuithcr enactcd, That section third of
tin.'act for omolling and calling out the national toiees,
and foi other put pose.-., nppioved Maieh 3, 1^63, and  o
much of section ten of ^aid act as ptovide^ for the *.epaiate
eniollment ot each class, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed; and it shall be the duty of the board of enrollment
of each district to consolidate the two classes mentioned
in the thud section ot said act.
Mr. WADSWORTH. I move to atiike out
that section.
Mr. AN CON A demanded tellers on the motion
to strike out.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. A. Myers and
Mr. Ancon* were appointed.
Th.e committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 60.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend the sec-
tion by adding thereto the following:
Prowled, That the board* ot examination of entolled or
dr.tlicd men aie requnedto bold their examinations withiu
each county in then le^pective cmollmcnt ch&uicts.
Mr. A. MYERS. I suggest to the gentleman
that he insertafter the word " county" the words
" at the county seats, where piacticablc."
Mr. COFFROTH. I accept the modification.
I desire to say a single word in favor of the
amendment. Under the last draft the provost
marshal of the sixteenth district of Pennsylva-
nia held his examinations where he resided; and
I expect that was the case in almost every dis-
trict. In my district the examination was held
at Chainbcrsburg. In my own county six hun-
dred and eight persons were drafted, and most of
those men had one hundred and twenty-five miles
to travel to reach the place of examination. We
had no railroads leading through the county to
the place where the men were bound to report.
They had to travel that distance in October over
the bad roads which existed in the mountains,
and the expense to the Governmentamounted on
an average to seven or eight dollars a'man. The
expense of that single county in the district was
over five thousand dollars, if the amendmcntis
adopted the expense of holding the examinations
in the dliferent counties will not be more than
one tenth xvhat it would be by compelling the
men to report at the place where the examina-
tions are now held by the provost marshal.
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to accept this modification: "in all counties
where there are not less than five thousand in-
habitants."
