1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1597"
frill be increased in a corresponding tone. Time
would fail me to enter into a critical analysis of
the Administration war policy; but can any man
doubtthat the changes it lias undergone from time
to time have wrought a change in the temper and
purposes of the people and armies opposed to us,
or that that, change is unfavorable to an early and
peaceful adjustment? I hope I offer no injury to
the cause of my country when 1 add that the Ex-
ecutive has not, in my judgment, strengthened
the cause of the Union by the manner in which
he has treated questions which have arisen from
time to ume more immediately affecting our own
rights and interests as Union citizens of the North.
1 have not and shall not cease to protest against
the infractions of civil liberty which have been
perpetrated under the auspices of the present Ex-
ecutive and for which war necessity has been the
uniform but in my judgment insufficient excuse.
Freedom of speech and of the press, and free and
unrestrained suffrage, are just as sacred and val-
uable in war as in peace, and that they have been
ruthlessly and repeatedly invaded during the last
three years, under presidential sanction, is an un-
doubted fact. These departures fiom constitu-
tional land-marks, together with the sweepingand
radical change of policy toward the seceding States
and their citizens, before referred to, have doubt-
less caused some men to wonder and to doubt as
to duty in the presentaspectof affairs; they afford
the excuse for whatever of hesitancy is to be found
in the Worth as to the course proper to be pur-
sued in the future.
Again, grave men and good patriots complain
that the war has not thus far been prosecuted
with the skill and good judgment which would
have secured success. There is no instance to be
found in the world's history where a generous
people have poured into the lap of Government
so much of treasure or placed at its disposal more
or braver men than this people have given to this
Administration since the war began. Every call
has been piomptly and generously met, and it
certainly cannot be attributed to any remissness on
the part of the people if the seceding States have
not been reduced to submission. For one, I am
unwilling to concede that the fault lies with our
soldiers. They have fought bravely, skillfully,
heroically, on every field where they have been
tried, and our want of success must not be laid
to their charge. If the fault lies with the Gov-
ernment, it certainly calls for early correction,
and this brings me to consider a second proposi-
tion submitted by my colleague [Mr. Flrnando
Wood] in his speech of yesterday, which was to
the effect that if this war was to continue he
wanted to see the present Administration party
continue m power to carry it on; and in entering
my protest against (his proposition 1 shall define,
in my poor way, the position which, in my judg-
ment, the Democracy of the notion should assume
and maintain.
Speaking for myself, I protestagainst this trans-
fer of the Democracy to thefokl ot Republicanism.
"While 1 will not despair of the Republic, I see
no reason why the great party that has stood by
the nation, and under Providence saved it ftom
every danger, foreign and domestic, which lias
assailed it in the past, should turn away now, in
gloom and despair, without a final and united
effort to take the Government by the peaceful
means of the ballot-box fiom the hands that hold
it, and then to enter upon the great work of re-
storing the Union and saving the national honor
and integrity.
If great success should attend our arms during
the approaching summer campaign, success suf-
ficient to warrant the conclusion that the power
of the rebellion was broken—and Heaven grant
that it may be so !—the success of the Democratic
paity might be less essential to the welfare of the
nation; but if, on the other hand, with all the means
for the vigorous prosecution of the war now at
theirdisposal, with vast armies of veteran soldiers,
commanded by our most skillful generals, the Ad-
ministration fails to make a decided impression
upon the enemy now, it seems scarcely possible
that the popular judgment should fail to discern
th e necessity of a change of rulers. A nd whom in
this emergency will the people trust; to whom
will they confide their armies and navies and the
great work of the salvation of the Government
and nation? This war will still exist. My col-
league says, "If the war is to continue." It will
continue. Does he or any other reasonable and
sagacious man believe that the 1st of November
will find the war closed up and peace in the land ?
and if not, we return to the inquiry, who will the
people trust in such an emergency?
I give it as the conviction of my judgment, that
if the Democratic party shall place itself upon the
platform built by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
LoNG,]indorsed by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Harris,] and also as I understood him by
my colleague, we shall have a recurrence of past
misrule for the four years to come and whatever
of disaster which may accompany its infliction.
That policy which would withdraw our armies
from the field and trust the work of reunion to the
hazard of negotiation alone with a power that has
declared repeatedly and always that we could not
name the terms upon which they would reunite
with us, will not, in my judgment, receive the pop-
ular sanction, but will on the other hand be sig-
nally condemned in the approaching canvass if
any party advocating such a policy arises to ask
for popular support. A vast majority of this
people believe that we can and we ought to put
down this rebellion, and that having gone almost
to the limit of the nation's resources to accomplish
it, there is nothing but humiliation in the propo-
sition that we shall retire first from the field whpre
so many thousands of brave men have fallen to
secure what in their judgment will be lost forever
by the withdrawal of our armies.
It is still wise, it is right, therefore, for the Dem-
ocratic party, in my judgment, conformably to
its past professions, consistently with all its past
history and tradition, to continue to insist that
they who have rebelled against this Government
and are seekingits destruction must return to then-
allegiance, must submit to (he authority of the
Constitution, must lay down the arms they have
taken up to defend themselves in their position of
outlawry, and in default of their doing so, that
they shall be visited with all the consequences
and punishments of overt treason.
I would not prosecute this war in a spirit of
blood thirstmess, conquest, or ex termination. Nor
would I fail to embrace the first opportunity for
an honorable peace, based upon the Constitution
as it is and the Union as it was.
Whatever may have been, or may yet be, the
consequences of this war upon the institution of
slavery, they are upon the head of the party who
rebelled for slavery's sake. Manifestly the re-
bellion, whenever it ceases, has weakened if not
destroyed that institution. Slavery, in the lan-
guage of tiie rebel pi ess, has, by going to war,
" stabbed itself to the heart." But with that, in
the prosecution of the war, or in its termination,
we have nothing to do. And this people will never
sanction a war carried beyond the point where a
peace can be honorably attained, with the Union,
well and safely restoied, merely to accomplish
the purposes of abolition fanaticism, or to force
any new form of government upon any of the
States of the Union. While standing up, there-
fore,todefend by ourarms ourGovernmentagainst
its treasonable assailants, let us be pitpared to
receive and act upon the first overtures which
promise on honorable peace. I confess that I
have as yet seen no indications of pacific wishes
or intents upon the part of the rebellious South,
nor do 1 anticipate the discoveiy of any such until
more signal success shall attend our arms, and
their resources be limited and impaired. When
that point is reached the popularheartof the suf-
fering South, without regard to the views of am-
bitious leaders, will rise up against this war and
an element be stirred which, when dealt within
a spirit of conciliation and kindness, will bring
ourarmies rest from this woik of carnage and our
people a welcome and joyful peace. Till thattime
comes, suing or begging for peace by ourselves
will only protract and prolong the period of its
attainment, give to the enemy false notions of our
own spirit and powers and resources of resistance,
and bolster his own pride and arrogance.
Some weeks ago allusion was made by my col-
league to a proposition for a peace commission,
then pending in the rebel congress, and I under-
stood him to say that it embraced an offer nf ad-
justment upon the basis of the old Union; and
in that view, if I mistake not, he was sustained
by the very able gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
I did not so read or interpret this so-called peace
proposition. The object of this commission, an
indicated by the resolutions, was to ascertain,
1. Whether the United States and the confed-
eracy could agree upon the terms of an amicable
separation.
2. Incase that could be effected, to ascertain
whether terms of a readjustment and reunion
could be agreed upon; and if not,
3. To agree upon treaties offensive, defensive,
and commercial. * -
I have not these propositions as debated in the
rebel congress before me, but they were substan-
tially as quoted, and careful consideration has
failed to disclose to my mind anything in them
but disunion. It is purely and simply a propo-
sition to divide ourselves into two nations, and
establish convenient relations between us incident
only to such a state of separation to be maintained
for all the future; unless, perchance, in oursepa-
ration we should under some unaccountable, un-
anticipated impulse or influence, agree to undo
immediately what we had just done in so formal
and solemn a manner. And even this proposition,
so deceptive, so infinitely short of anything which
could or would be listened to here, was I believe
promptly rejected by the rebel congress, and we
may thence infer, as has been before stated, that
there is yet a great change to be wrought in the
public mind in the rebellious States before the
peace opinions lately expressed upon this floor
will meet with any encouraging response from
them.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, without the premed-
itation which a subject of sucH immense import-
ance demands, given the reasons by which I have
been governed in my present and past position
relative to our national difficulties. I have also,
yet upon no authority but mv own judgment,
stated what I believed would be the attitude of
the Democratic party with relation to the war in
the approaching autumn, if the war continue,as
there is every reason to fear it will.
In that event I suppose the sympathies of my
colleague, in accordance with his declaration be-
fore alluded to, will be with the party anayed
against us. I commend him to our long-time po-
litical adversaries as a bold, skillful, eloquent,
and industrious worker and leader, and I have no
doubt of their ability to turn his talents to excel-
lent account,
A Voice. We don't want him.
Mr. W1NFIELD. You had better accept in
thankfulness what the gods send you, without
being too particular about the motives which
prompt the accession.
Before concluding these discursive remarks, I
intend a hasty review of the course pursued by
gentlemen on the other side of the House since
the commencement of this session toward the
Democratic memberson this floor and their Dem-
ociatic constituencies. Scarcely a day has passed
since we came together that some Administration
member has not charged us in some phrase or other
with want of patriotism and fealty to the Govern-
ment, and these charges have been preferred in
terms the most insolent and insulting that their
authors could possibly have selected.
I protest against such a course, Mr. Speaker,
first, because of its manifest injustice. There may
be, there doubtless are, men in every section of the
country, and attached to every party, who have
failed to discharge fully the obligations due to their
country's cause in the perilous times through
which we are passing; but I utterly deny—and I
speak paiticulaily for my own State, as I fee! no
disposition or right to speak for others—that the
Democratic party has set its face against our coun-
try and Government in the exigency which is so
sorely trying us. I have mingled much in assem-
blies and in private circles where plans were being
devised and consummated to aid in the great work
of putting down the rebellion; have some knowl-
edge of the instrumentality by which soldiers and
the money for paying them have been raised, and
I assert here positively that, so far as my obser-
vation extends, the Democracy of the State of
New York have not stood back from the dis-
charge of their duty in this crisis, but have given
to the war their full and ample share of the men
and money which that State has furnished. Col-
lectively the party has, through its conventions,
always declared for the war to be prosecuted con-
