1598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
stitutionally and for constitutional ends; having
adopted at every State convention held since us
commencement as the State platform the Critten-
den resolution, which, if I remember rightly, at
a former session of Congress passed this House
unanimously; and now, if only the facts have been
stated m relation to our connection with the great
questions of the day, why is it that gentlemen
arise in their seats day after day and hiss offen-
sive epithets and unfounded accusations into our
faces? Such a coursc can only serve a present
party purpose. It may do a work of mischief for
which a party success will be no equivalent. Are
not gentlemen convinced that a large share of the
almost unconquerable hate which now exists be-
tween the belligerent parties in this war has been
engendered by the same sort of reviling, crimina-
tion,and recrimination which are being daily prac-
ticed in the Halls of Congress now? We want a
united North, say you. Shall we have it in this
way ? Good men will not be driven to treason by
the abuse of irresponsible persons; but when the
well-meaning and patriotic are told day after day
that they are traitors, in league with their coun-
try's enemies, upon whom the arms of their coun-
try's soldiers are to be turned when the enemy in
front is subdued, it takes away that heart for a
good cause so essential to its successful advocacy
and support.
And how think you, Mr. Speaker, all this de-
nunciation is operating, upon the minds and cour-
age of those in arms for the rebellion ? If the four
or five gentlemen upon this floor who seem to
have this work of defamation principally in charge
succeed in satisfying JefF. Davis and his cabinet
and congress and armies that rebellion has for
its sympathizers and supporteis the entire Dem-
ocratic party North, and that its members only
seek a favorable opportunity to declare and fight
for secession, how soon, think you, shall we find
evidence of that waning confidence m their cause,
that gloom and despair which must precede the
surrender of their opposition to the Government?
I fully believe, sir, the blatant oratory of tins ses-
sion aboutcopperhead Democracy, the unfairand
ungenerous denunciation ot the whole Domociatic
party which wo hear constantly ringing through
this Hail, tending as they do to revive the fading
hopes of the enemy, are doing more to prolong
the war than all the peace speeches which have
been made since its commencement.
Upon two occasions since the commencement
of the session, when measures having in view the
good of the service and the welfare of our sol-
diery were under discussion,and when gentlemen
on this side of the House were pledging them-
selves to support the Administration in all its ef-
forts to raise, supply, and render efficient armies
to defend our nationality, we have been supercil-
iously told in effect that the gentlemen over the
way had that matter in charge, that the elections
had rendeied our aid and support a matter of no
consequence, and that we had as well carry out
our mission of opposition to the end.
Let me say to the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Dams] and to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. KelleyJ that however iaige a space
they may fill in the public estimation, however
important the mission" m which they may be
engaged, neither of them is of sufficient influence
or consequence to justify his coming between the
humblest member on thus floor and the discharge
of his duty. Mission! Sir, we were all sent
here on the same mission—to legislate honestly
and wisely, as we know how, for the good of our
country and to save her fro in ruin, so far as our
official action could induce such lesult. And
although we may differ as to the details of legis-
lation, what powci is thcie that authoiizes the
member from Maryland or the member from
Pennsylvania to elbow any Representative here
from his place at this council-board of the nation
with the declaration, " This is our business, and
you have neither part nor lot in it?" Who estab-
lished them censors of other men's conduct or
opinions, with the power of saying who shall
and who shall not discharge the duties imposed
upon Inm by his oath accotding to the dictates
oi* his conscience and his judgment? Sir, this is
neither the time nor the place for this affectation
of superiority. Conceding to the gentlemen re-
ferred to all that they can reasonably claim on
the score of talent and experience, they " feed on
no such meat" as enables them to " get the start
of this majestic world, and bear the palm alone."
Our placcs here are held by at least as perfect a
tenure as theirs; our responsibilities aie as sacred,
and as wo have no particular account to render
to them we protest against the legislative snob-
bery and effrontery which prompts this twaddle
about what they will or will not allow us to do.
While 1 have the greatest admiration for the
talent and ability of the gentleman from Mary-
land, and have been a delighted listener to several
of his confessedly great logical and oratorical.ef-
forts on this floor, there is still another course of
remark which he has on two several occasions
indulged in here, against which, as one of the
Representatives of New York, I feel it my duty
to protest. I allude to the, unfounded and un-
generous imputations against the patriotism of the
Executive of our State, and the specious effort to
connect him, as aider and abettor, with the recent
conscription riots in the city of New York. It
may serve a partisan purpose just at this time
to revile and vilify Governor Seymour; but I
gieatly over-estimate his rare qualities of heart and
mind, and the many and important services he
has rendered his State and country, if his memory
is not held in grateful remembrance by a justand
generous people long after his enemies and perse-
cutors shall have passed off the stage and been
forgotten. I have watched with no common in-
terest his career as a public man, have some
knowledge of his views and feelings with reference
to this rebellion and the manner of treating jt, and
all that I have seen and know of him fully au-
thorizes the asset tion which I here make, that
there is not in public or private life a smcerer
patriot, or one who is prepared to go further or
make greater sacnfices to subdue and bring back
to constitutional obedience our domestic enemy,
and to restore the Union to its ancient integiity.
In the splendid efforts he made before the people
pending his election,and paiticulaily in his mem-
orable Brooklyn speech, he declared boldly for a
vigoious prosecution of the war to restore the
ligluful authority of the Government, and I cer-
tainly know of no occasion snue his election
where he has been found wanting in piompt and
generous cooperation with the Federal Govern-
ment in times of peculiar danger and alarm to
secure such a result. His promptness and energy
on the occasion of the raid of last summer by
General Lee and his army into Maryland and
Pennsylvania will long be remembered by all
whose natures are capable of gratitude, and will
pass from the memoiy of such only as are in-
capable of doing justice to a political adversary.
When called upon by the Executive,at that hour
ofgioom and peril, foraidin repelling an invasion
so threatening to the Union cause and to the safety
of our sister State, he responded with a piompt-
ness and energy and with such success as finds
no parallel in the individual history of any man,
either soldier or civilian, who has been connected
with this war. Ilis preparations were far in ad-
vance even of Pennsylvania herself, and in an
incredibly shoi t space of time fourteen regiments
of troops, as good and as brave as ever faced a
fwe, were sent, fully armed and munitioned, to coli-
ft ont the advancing enemy, to save the beautiful
valleys of Pennsylvania from pillage, her towns
from desti uctton, and her citizens ft um slaughter.
If I remember rightly, kis prompt and patriotic
lesponse to the call of the Government on that
occasion elicited the thanks both of the Executive
and Secretary of War, and so highly did the latter
official appreciate his noble and generous effoits
that he extended to him a pledge of future per-
sonal friendship.
On the occasion of the President's recent call
for additional troops Governor Seymour was the
first of all the State Executives to urge a prompt
response to the call, and his eloquent appeal has
greatly aided in enabling New York to send her
full quota to the field under every call thus far
made, as she will certainly do.
i have never known where or upon what un-
founded pretense originated the idea that Gover-
nor Seymour was in the smallest degree respons-
ible for the murderous conscription liotin New
Yor k. The chatge which is made, with no pi oof
to sustain it, needs only a flat denial. And 1 here
assert that no actor utterance of his,then orever,
incited man or mob to riot or resistance to lawful
authority. Quoting from the Governor's speech
at the city hall, and drawing from the elegant
literature found in " the New Gospel of Peace,"
the gentleman from Maryland speaks of " Gov-
ernor Seymour's friends, the Pahdees." The im-
pression sought to be made is, doubtless, that
upon the occasion referred to Governor Seymour
addressed the excited mob in terms of friendly
encouragement rather than in language of defiant
power and authority. It will be borne in mind
that the speech in question was made at an hour
of the day when the uptown residents of New
York, embracing thousands of its worthiest busi-
ness men, were passing down to their places of
business, and these had surrounded their friend
and favorite, intensely anxious to know what he
proposed in that hour of extreme danger. Why
should he not address them as his friends? Such
they were, and had recently proved their friend-
ship in a way that filled his generous heart with
tenderest emotions as he stood among them once
more to take counsel for the public safety.
I deny that upon that occasion " he paitered in
a double sense" withriotand crime. He asserted
firmly the supremacy of the law, and declared
firmly his intention to enforce it; and, unsup-
ported as lie was by military power, (for let it be
borne in mind that he had stripped his own State
almost entirely bare of soldiers m aid of Pennsyl-
vania,) he went as far as any man living would
have gone in defying and threatening the despe-
rate men he had to deal with.
The Representatives on thisfioorfrom the city
and State of New York are at a loss to know why
riots and rioters in New York should become the
so ftequent subject of animadversion by thegen-
tlcman fiom Maryland. There are places under
the sun where riots are quite as frequent and
bloody and irrepressible as inNew York. If the
gentleman will recur to the last twenty years' his-
tory of his own city, he will find that mobs and
their cruel and bloody orgies have been an almost
yearly disgrace to her historic annals; lawless
violence has there become an almost chronic dis-
oider, and organizations of Plug Uglies" and
" Dead Rabbits"are almosta Baltimorean institu-
tion. It i ecu is to me now that at the outbreak of
this civil war, when Massachusetts had sent her
brave sons to protect the capital, after they had
been warmly and generously welcomed in every
city and town through which they had passed,
they were assailed, beaten, maimed, wounded,
and some of them killed m the streets of the gen-
tleman's own city by a mob of traitors, lacking
patriotism to fight for their country and too cow-
ardly to take up arms against her; and it is a fact
woith remembering, that before the work of shed-
ding of blood commenced, on occasion of the late
not in New Yoik, the proportions of the mob had
been largely increased by accessions from Balti-
more, Philadelphia, and Boston, brought there by
their lust for plunder and natural appetite for
blood; and it is said that among those "subse-
quently slain by the officers of the law were found
some who had been trained for the lives they led
and fitted for the deaths they (Red in Baltimore
city. If the gentleman will accept the suggestion
in the same kind spit it which prompts it, 1 would
advise him to stretch his reforming hand over his
own city before coming to New York to preach
"peace on earth and good will toward men."
Before yielding the floor I desire to notice briefly
the course of remark indulged m a few days ago
by the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,]
pending a pioposition originating on this side of
the House to increase the pay of our brave sol-
diers. By good management or sharp piactice the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
managed to secure the floor on th is lesolution, and
thus to get control of the motion for the previous
question. This enabled him to arraign, accuse,
and abuse this side of the House without stint and
w-ith perfect impunity; and, refusing to give way
for explanation or denial, he availed himself fully
of his secure perch to shower down upon the
heads of gentlemen on this side of the House the
grossest charges of insincerity in their profes-
sions of friendship for the soldier and demngogue-
ismin their efforts to increase his pay. The only
true fiiends of the Army were modestly claimed
to be those seated on the other side of the Hall,
while weon this side were stigmatized as^sham,"
" professed,"and " pretended "friends,and finally
