1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
against any fuithcr legislation for the benefit of
the Peninsular Railroad Company; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of* L. H. Mor-
gan, one of the directors of the Bay de Noquet
and Marquette Raihoad Company, and also of the
Marquette and Ontonagon Railroad Company, in
behalf of the directors and stockholders of those
companies, praying for an extension of the time
for the completion of their roads; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr.SHERMAN presented the petition of Hon.
Lewis D. Campbell, of Butler county, Ohio, pray-
ing for such an amendment to the naturalization
laws as to provide that no person who lias sought
during the present rebellion or who hereafter in
time of war may seek exemption from milirary
service on the ground of alienage shall ever be
entitled to the privileges of a citizen of the United
States or to vote or hold any office or appoint-
ment under the Federal Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairsand
the Militia.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Grand Traverse county, Michigan, praying for
the abolition of slavery throughout the United
States; which was referred to the select commit-
tee on slavery and freedmen.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SAULSBURY, it was
Orderedj That Samuel A. Waid hav«% leave to withdraw
his petition and other papci* ftom the flies of the Senate.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLARK asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bjll (S. No.
Ill) latifying and confirming the proclamation of
the President of the United States dated January
1, 1863, and giving it the force of statute; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
select committee on slavery and freedmen.
1113 POUTS I'll Oil COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Buddings and Grounds, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 43) lelating to the office of Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
to whom was referred the memorial of Samuel
Chase Barney, praying that inquiry may be made
into the causes of his dismissal from the naval ser-
vice, have instructed me to report it back and to
ask that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration. The committee think they
have no jui isdiction of it.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval
Alfaiis, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 108)
relating to acting assistant paymasters in the Na-
vy, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. NE3AJITH, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Mihtia, to whom was re-
fen ed a bill (S. No. 40) to define the pay of the
officers of the Army of the United States, /eported
adversely thereon.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 42)
repealing certain statutes of limitation, leported
it with amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a petition of
citizens of Wisconsin, praying for the passage of
a law prohibiting members of Congressand other
persons holding office under the Government of
the United States from acting as attorneys or
counselors in any case in which the United States
is a party, have instructed me to report it back,
and ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, a bill being before the Senate on that
subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred a bill (S. No. 52) to provide
for the summary trial of minor oilenses against
the laws of the United States, have instructed me
to report it back to the SerftUe with an amend-
ment in the shape of a substitute for the bill.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a bill (S. No. 103) to define the rank, pay,
and emoluments of chaplains in the United Slates
Army and volunteer force, and for other pu: poses,
reported it with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
ENLISTMENTS IN TIIE ARMY.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, there is a bill
made the special order for to-morrow (S. No. 43)
to promote enlistments in the Army of the United
States, and for other purposes. I should like to
offer an amendment to or a substitute for the third
section now pending, for the sake of having it
laid upon the table and printed, with the consent
of the Senate, so that Senatois may see it before
it comes up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will re-
ceive it, if there be no objection. The Chair hears
none.
The amendment was ordered to be printed.
COURTS IN INDIANA.
Mr. POWELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 100) authorizing the holding of a spe-
cial session of the United States district couitfor
the district of Indiana, to report it back with
amendments,and recommend its passage. It is
a matter of very special interest to the people of
that district, the late district judge there having
died during the term of the court, and a special
term is very much desired. I therefore ask that
the bill be now taken up and considered.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It provides for
the holding of a special session of the United
States district court for the district of Indiana at
the usual place, on the second Tuesday in March,
1864, to continue in session so long as the busi-
ness may require. All suits and proceedings of
a civil or criminal nature now pending m or re-
turnable to the court are to be proceeded with,
heard, tried, and determined.at the special session,
in the same manner as at a regular term of the
court; and the judge may order the impaneling
of a petit jury for the special session, but not a
gtand jury; and no case is to be considered which
stands continued to the May term by order of the
court.
The amendments of the committee were to strike
out in section one the woids "and continue in ses-
sion so long as the business thercofmay require;"
and also to strike out section three, m the follow-
ing words:
Sec-. 3. Ami be it further enacted, That thUact be in force
from and after the passage thereof.
Mr. POWELL. These two amendments are
merely to strike out what is surplusage in the bill.
The court will, ofcouise, have a right to continue
its session while there us business before it, and the
act will necessarily be in loice ftom its passage.
Tiie amendments weie agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments weie concurred in. The bill was oidcted
to be engrossed for a thud reading, was read the
thud time, and passed.
ABOLITION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred various petitions
from different parts of the country, praying for
an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States so as to incorporate a provision prohibiting
slavery in all the States and Territories of the
Union, and also a joint resolution (S.No. 16) pro-
posing amendments to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and a joint resolution (S. No. 24) to
provide for submitting to the several States an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, instruct me to repoit back an amendment
to the Senate of the joint resolution No. 16, in
the way of a substitute. I will state that the
amendment, a3 recommended by the Committee
on the Judiciary, provides for submitting to the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition to
amend the Constitution of the United States so
that neither slavery norinvoluntary servitude, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime, whereof a party
shall have been duty convicted, shall exist within
the United States, or anyplace subject to their
jurisdiction; and also that Congress shall have
power to enforcethisarticlebypiopei legislation.
I desiie to give notice to the Senate that I shall,
at an early day, call for the consideration of this
resolution.
COMMITTEE ON MANUFACTURES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to take up
the icsolution which I offered several days ago to
amend the 34th rule of the Senate by appointing a
standing Committee on Manufactures.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate .pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Anthony on the 4th instant: •
Resolved, That there bo added to the 34th luleof the Sen-
ate, providing for the appointment of the standing commit-
tees, tin* following, nrtmely : u A Committee on Manufac-
tures, to consist of five members."
The resolution was adopted; and on motion of
Mr. Anthony, the Vice President was authorized
to appoint the committee.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 desire to state that I do
not wish to be upon the committee.
EXCLUSION OF COLORED PERSONS FROM CARS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia he dueeU'd to consider the expediency of further pro-
viding by law against the exclusion of colored persons from
the equal enjoyment of all railroad privileges 111 the Distiict
of Columbia.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. POMEROY. I wish the Senator would so
amend his resolution as (hat it might prevent the
difficulties which colored men have in getting out
of this District. They cannot go on a railroad
car or get out of the District,
Mr. SUMNER. The first question is on taking
up the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution is
now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. My special motive in offering
this resolution is to call attention to a recent out-
rage which has occurred in this District. I do it
"with great hesitation. At one moment I was dis-
posed to keep silence with regard to it, believing
that upon the whole the good name of our coun-
try required silence; but l notice that it has al;
ready found its way into the journals, and I think
therefore it ought to find its way into this Cham-
ber.
An officer of the United States with the com-
mission of a major, with the uniform of the Uni-
ted States, has been pushed off one of these cars
on Pennsylvania avenue by the conductor for no
other offense than that he was black. Now, sir,
I am free to say that I think we had better give
up railroads in the District of Columbia if we can*
not have them without such an outrage upon hu-
manity and upon the good name of our country.
An incident like that, sir, is worse for our coun-
try at this moment than a defeat in battle. It
makes for our cause%broad enemies and sows dis-
trust. I hope, therefore, that the Committee on
the District of Columbia—I know the disposition
of my honoiable friend the chairman of that com-
mittee—in the bills which we arc to consider rel-
ative to the railroads m tins District will take care
that such safeguards are established as will pre-
vent the repetition of any such outrage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let the resolution be
read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) It will be again read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not heard the reso-
lution. Isita resolution of inquiry only ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis a resolu-
tion directing the committee to inquire into the
subject named.
Mr. WILKINSON. I saw in a New York
newspaper the other day an account of a transac-
tion similar to the one alluded to by the Senator
fiorn Massachusetts. I was in hopes then, and
indeed I thought, there was some mistake about
it, bccausc I did not know that any colored per-
sons weie commissioned with the rank of major
j by the President of the United States; and I was
in hopes, for the honor of the country and for the
honor of the capital, that there was some mistake
in regard to it.
Mr. SUMNER. He was a surgeon in the
military service.
Mr. WILKINSON. It appears that he was
a surgeon in the Army; I suppose a surgeon of a
colored regiment.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. WILKINSON. Sir, I hope this reference
will be made; and that the Committee on the Dis-
