1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1599
told, in effect, that this matter of doing justice to the
soldier was undergrnveconsideration in the Mil-
itary Committee, and it was no part of our busi-
ness to be harping upon it or urging it up 111 the
House.
Now, sir, speaking for myself, I shall allow no
man, however important may be the position he
occupies, or however exalted his talents or influ-
ence, to impugn or question the sincerity of my
friendship for the soldiers who are fighting our bat-
tles and shedding their blood for the restoration
of the Union withoutmeetinghisunjustand most
falseaccusation with an indignant denial. If, any-
where in this land, there can be found a class of
citizens deserving the deep reverence and perpet-
ual gratitude of us all, it is the brave men who
have rallied, with such alacrity, around our in-
sulted flag, and braved the dangers of this bloody
and destructive war. Better soldiers, with the
same experience, the world never saw, and mgiut-
itude is no name for the sin of him who withholds
from them that leveiential regaid their many sac-
rifices for us merit at our hands. But the soldier
cannot live and support his family on praise and
gratitude alone. Considering the depreciation of
our currency, and the increase in the price, of
every necessary of life, members on this side of
the House have felt, since the commencement of
the session, that an early movement should be
made to increase the soldier's pay. So clear was
our sense of the propriety of such a step, that we
even dared to move in the matter without waiting
to ask leave to do so of the Militai y Committee;
and this act of indiscretion has brought upon our
devoted brads the ire of the foimulable chanman
of that committee.
Now, i propose to examine in reference to this
very question of increase of pay whether all sin-
cere friendship for the soldier is found with the
gentleman from Ohio and bis friends. That gen-
tleman knew long before he took lus seat upon
this floor that the soldier's pay of thiiteen dollars
per month was gi ossly inadequate to his suppoi t
and that of hi.* family, and that every month that
lie iceeives only such compensation his family
either suffers for the neeessaues of life or is de-
pendent upon the world's cold chanty; yet nearly
five months of this session have been allowed to
pass by the chain nan and his committee, ami while
a vast deal of legislation upon other subjects has
originated with thatcomroiltec, has been perfected
and passed through this llouse, no movementfliat
the outer woild kmnvsof has been made in behalf
of the soldier, and when icsolu turns providing him
tardy justice are o lie red on the floor, lesolutions
so clearly right in themselves that they could be
and should be passed at once, they aie voted to
the Military Committee by those who, lacking (be
courage to kill them openly on the floor, send
them there for perpetual imprisonment or secret
assassination.
The gentleman from Ohio was pleased to in-
form us for the first time, in lus speech the other
day, that his committee had under cnnsidetaiion
the question of increasing soldiers' pay, and that
to that end a lull would some day be reported;
but he also said they wanted to ss ;e how liberally
this side of the House would vote taxes to meet
the increased burdens upon the Treasury before
they brought forward their measure of relief.
Sir, that pretext for delay will hardly serve the
gentleman's purpose. lie will not, at all events,
deny lus confidence in the justice and patriotism
of his own side of the llouse, and ho knew that
their clear working majority, both m the Senate
and here, insured just such tax legislation as
might be made necessary by any increase of
soldiers' pay Congress should vote. Hut, sir, the
question of soldiers' pay was not a question of
the sufficiency of the revenue. In the face of his
just demands and his distressing necessities, we
could not, and ouijht not, plead the poverty of
the Government. This was the last point at
which retrenchment should have been tried; to
attempt it elsewhere mighthave been injudicious;
here it was ctuel; andaithough our brave hoioes
will go on and do their duty like true men, yet
many a shudder wdl they give at the reflection
that famine's wolf may be prowling at their doois
at home.
lleveiting to this charge, made without cause
and in a spirit of such gross injustice, of unfriend-
liness to the soldier on this side of the House, I
add that it is impossible and unnatural that we
should cherish towaid him the sentiments attrib-
uted to us. My own district, sir, has sent five
thousand men to this war. I do not know the
exact number, but what I have mimed is an ap-
proximation sufficient for the purposes of these
remarks. They have gone off singly, in squads,
with batteries, by companies, and by regiments.
They were collected from every town and hamlet
of the district; hundreds of them were my warm-
est and most intimate friends; they were going to
serve in a cause which i believed a just and right-
eous one; they were making great sacrifices and
braving extremest dangers that our Government
might be saved from destruction. Is there a man
who deserves the name of such whose heart would
not have yearned toward them with affectionate
admiration? 1 have watched their carecr with min-
gled emotions of anxiety, pride, and sorrow.
They were untried and unpracticed in scenes of
biood; and as men have sometimes faltered while
passing through the fiery ordeal of battle, we were
not without anxiety for our friends until we knew
they had been tried, and then our hearts swelled
with emotions of just and honest pride that eveiy
man had faced danger and death like a hero, and
no coward was found among them all. I know
of no battle-field of this war where the sons of
Orange and Sullivan have not fought and where
some of them have not fallen, sealing in blood
their devotion to the cause in which they had
enlisted. The archangel's tiump, not giory's,
shall awake them, but
"When spiins; returns with fin<:ors cold,
To deek Willi flower then h.ulowed mold,
She then >h;ill deck a sweetei mhI
Than laucy*s feet hu\e ever Unci.51
For those of them who shall survive this war
there is m store as warm a welcome home as ever
awaited a soldier's return. We know how they
have fought; we know that for not one instant
have they faltered m thcdischarge oftheir perilous
duties; and we of the localities from whence they
have gone feel honored by their noble biavery.
We shall watch their career till its close with affec-
tionate solicitude ; and when they come back, who
are spared to do so, they shall be clasped to warm
and grateful hearts.
Mr. Speaker, it was not my purpose in getting
the floor to enter into an extended discussion of
the particular subject before the House. I had,
however, intended to present one or two points
which were, in my judgment, pertinent to the
issue, and which had not been alluded to; but
for that, even, there is not now the lime left to
me; and I shall content myself with saying that
while 1 dissent entirely from the tone, sentiment,
and substance of the speech of thegentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Long,] I cannot discover, in his case
such a bieach of the privileges of this House as"
gives me the constitutional right to vote for his
expulsion.
Air. GRINNELL. I did not anticipate a few
hours since taking any part in this debate, and I
shall not detain the llouse long now, as I have
agiccd to divide a pmtion of myhourwith a gen-
tleman who will addiess the House upon this
question.
before I proeecd with my remarks on the ques-
tion , allow me to say that the gentleman who has
just taken his seat [Mr. Wjnfield] has notcven
hinted at the question under discussion, which
was his right, and I conclude that the speech has
been laid away long prepared, and that the first
opportunity for bringing it to light was this occa-
sion. lie left me entnely ignoiant in regard to
his position upon the question now under discus-
sion. He has not informed the House how he
shall vote, and I must remark that this question
lias brought up disclaimers, apologies, and lec-
tures of the most uncommon character. Why,
sir, every other gentleman that has spoken on that
side has been called upon to make a disclaimer in
behalf of some political brother; and a family of
feuds that must be now—anything but a happy
family, judging from the lectures they have seen
lit to give one another during the two or three
days past. I do not propose logo into the family
for the purpose of ai ranging any of their difficul- .
ties, winch 1 know aie of a veiy serious charac-
ter. Their troubles arc chionic, and I do not
propose to offer medicine to men so sick as the
Democratic party—" the sidlt man "of 1864—too
far gone lor the use of any known medicines.
While I have listened to this discussion, there
lias come to my mind, considering the protests
and discordance, language which I thought might
properly be used, in Macbeth. I quote a few
lines, perhaps disjomtedly:
" Fillet of a fenny snake,
In the caldron boil and hake:
Eye ot newt, and toe of frog,
Wool of bat, and tongue of dog,
Adder's fork, and blind-worm's sting, j
Lizaid's leg, and owlet's wing,
For a charm of powerful trouble-
Like a hell-broth boil and bubble." *
The flames of semi-treason rising, let
" Fire bum and caldron bubble."
That is the bubbling of that harmonious Demo-
cratic party, in the language of the witches, in
April, 13G4.
The gentleman has seen fit to place upon this
side of the House the honorable gentleman from
New York. I cannot designate him otherwise
than the ex-mayor. I beg the gentleman's par-
don when he says " whom the gods send we
must accept." Ah, sir, I take it upon myself in
behalf of this great and this glorious party for
the war and the Union to deny that the gods
have so sent; that the Almighty has not permitted
us to live to this late day to suffer such an afflic-
tion as that of thatgentieman upon this party; one
who declared in the early part of this session that
this war was "a hellish crusade of blood and
famine," and now gentlemen propose to transfer
him to the Union party. lie declared that peace
must come, and he did not care whether it came
by " southern .submission or by success." And
when lie said it, I felt like saying he belonged
—not over on that side, for there are good Dem-
ocrats over there,! trust—but that lie belongs in
Richmond, yet here minister resident, a peace
man. We shall not attempt to transfer to you
gentlemen who are free thinkers but for the war
and the Union, from this side, and we will not
permit it from you.
I cannot proceed 16 the consideration of the
question under discussion for a moment. The
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Harrington,]
who spoke at an early hour this evening, went
out of the line of legitimate discussion in an un-
becoming manner to traduce and malign the de-
fenders of their country. He spoke dispara-
gingly, 1 trust thoughtlessly, of the sons of New
England, by saying that the soldiers of New Eng-
land had no stomach for the fight.
Mr. HOLMAN. My colleague is not in his
seat; but he stated distinctly to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. BoutwellJ that he did
not. say the " soldiers"of Massachusetts, but the
citizens of Massachusetts, as lepresented upon
this floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. If the gentleman says he
did not say soldiers, I say he did, with all defer-
ence.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman labors under
a mistake.
Mr. GRINNELL. He said the soldiers of
New England had no stomach for the fight.
Mr. HOLMAN. He expicssly disclaimed the
language.
Air. GRINNELL. I will not allow the gen-
tleman to utter slanders against New England
unnoticed and then leave his seat in the Hall.
Mr. HOLMAN. i simply wished to avoid in-
justice being done to a gentleman not here, i
heard the remark distinctly, and when it was
repeated by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bout-vvlll] I at once discoveied the differ-
ence of the phraseology of my colleague and that
made use of by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. As soon as my colleague heard the terms
made use of by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts he corrected the language and said he did
not say " soldiers "of Massachusetts, but citizens
of Massachusetts as represented upon this floor.
Mr. GRINNELL. Well, I will do no man
any injustice.
Mi. HOLMAN. I appeal to thegentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Bouttvell] himself to
say whether the correction was not at once made
by my colleague, [Mr. Harrington.]
Mr. ROUT"WELL. My understanding of the
words used by the gentleman from Indiana first
was this: that the soldiers of New England had
no stomach for the fight. I asked him what evi-
dqr^ce he had, and I repeated the words I under-
stood him to have used. He then said he did not
say the soldiers of New England had no stomach
