1600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
for the fight, but that the people of New England
bad no stomach for the fight; and the evidence
consisted of these two facts, that the Governor of
Massachusetts had sent agents into Indianato en-
list colored men; and the conduct of the Repre-
sentatives upon this floor.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts—for I sat near him at
the time—if the gentleman from Indiana did not
say the " Representatives,, of Massachusetts?
Mr. GRINNELL. That is just as gross a
slander, if he did.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal to the gentleman
from Massachusetts if that was not what my
friend from Indiana said ?
Mr. BOUTWELL. The gentleman from In-
diana utters the truth in what he says, but that
does not qualify what I have stated.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. My inquiry of the gentle-
man fr&m Massachusetts was whether the gen-
tleman from Indiana in his explanation did not
say that his remarks applied to the Representa-
tives of Massachusetts?
Mr. BOUTWELL. If the gentleman from
Iowa will allow me I will restate the matter from
my recollection as now refreshed.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will- yield for that ex-
planation.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I understood the gentle-
man from Indiana to say, first, that the soldiers
of New England, not of Massachusetts, had no
stomach for the fight. I then put the question to
him, " What evidence have you that the soldiers
of New England have no stomach-for the fight?"
"He then said that his words were that the people
of New England had no stomach for the fight.
Upon being pressed as to the evidence on which
he based that statement, he then said that he sup-
ported it by the two facts to which I have referred,
the fact that the Governor of Massachusetts had
sent men into Indiana to recruit colored soldiers
for the Massachusetts quota, and the conduct of
the Representatives of New England upon this
floor; and then he finally said thaithe Represent-
atives of New England upon this floor had no
stomach for the fight.
Mr. GRINNELL I will say to my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who is so fertile in
objections and so prone to explanations, that his
colleague did say—and I am borne out in it by a
dozen members—first, that the soldiers of New
England had no stomach for the fight, and then
he backed out of it, in what 1 should call else wheie
a very slippery way, by saying that the Repre-
sentatives of the people of New England had no
stomach for the fight. But, sir, as it is said that
towers are measured by their shadows, and great
men by their calumnuuorn, I think the people of
New England will not feel much grieved over his
calumnious assertions, yet for the soldiers 1 repel
them.
Sir, I am proud to own I was born in that New
Englami, although now a resident of the prairies;
and I will never allow a man to speak in defama-
tion of the land where I was born, that holds the
dust of my fathers or of the mother that bore me,
unrebuked. And 1 will here state what is the
belief of the soldiers of the West: that the sold it i s
of New England have fought as well during this
war as the soldiers from any other portion of the
country. The soldiers of the East and of the
West have slept in the same tents; they have
fought side by side, moistening many a battle-
field with their blood; and whenever they have
been led by generals worthy to lead them and
determined for victory, you have found the sol-
diers of New England, whether at Bull Run, in
the swamps of the Chickahominy, with spade or
gun, or fighting above the clouds on the mount-
ains of Tennessee, true to the flag, true to their
ancestral fame, and true to their God:
" Ricrht in the van,
On the red rampait's slippery swell,
Willi health that beat a eluu'ge, they fell
Foewaid, us. fits a man."
I could not listen to insults to their character
and reproaches to the brave dead and be silent.
We heard threats and semi-traitorous propo-
sitions a year or two ago, during the western cam-
paigns, about Union, but leaving New England
out in the cold—New England, the home of the
agitators, the abolitionists, and Puritans. Tftfey
simply proposed to cut off the head of the body-
poiiticand leave out New England wealth, brains,
and history, with Concord and Lexington and
Bunker JIill> and all the memories of this war—
New England, which sent her soldiers first to fight
our battles, to save this capital, and to fall by the
hands of traitors in the streets of Baltimore on
the 19th of April, 1861. They are the brothers
of my constituents, noble soldiers who sleep un-
coffined on the great battle-fields of the West, and
arealike enthroned in the great heart of the nation.
1 love New England and her soldiers, and am
proud of her early and later history. 1 believe
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bout-
well] is to get the floor to-night, and I will leave
their further defense to him.
I now come to the question under discussion.
We propose to censure the gentleman from Ohio
because lie has shown that he is not a friend of
the Union, and has delivered in this Hall a speech
which has given aid and comfort to the enemy in
arms, and violated his oath. It is said, first, it is
an abridgment of free speech, and we have no
precedent for such acourse. We have Democratic
precedent at least. It will be recollected that in
1842 Mr. Giddings,a member of this House from
the State of Ohio, introduced certain resolutions
in regard to the slaves on board the brig Creole, a
vessel bound from Virginia to New Orleans. For
the introduction of such resolutions the House
censured Mr. Giddings; every Democrat in the
House at that time voting in favor of the resolu-
tion to censure him. 1 will send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read the material portion of
the proceedings of the House on that occasion.
The Clerk lead as follows:
"Resolved, That slavery, being an abridgment of the
natural lights. of man, can cxtst only by force of positive
municipal law, and is necebsaiily eonhned to the territo-
rial juu^dictioit of the power cieatmg it.
6k Rcwlved, That when a s?hip belonging to the citizens
of any State of this Union leaves the vvateis and territory
of such fcjiate and enters upon the high seas, the poisons on
boaut cease to be subject to the sjuvc laws of such State,
and theneeioi th an1 governed in then leiauoiib to each othei
by, and aio amenable to, the taws of the United States.
" Resolved, That when the bi.g Creole, on hei late pas-
sage lor New Oi loan"*, kit th( tei ritonal juiiodiction of Vir-
ginia, ihe f-Uve l.iwi ol that iState ceased to have juusdic-
uon over the peisons on boatd ?viid brig, and such poisons
became amenable only to the laws ol the United States.
'* Resolved, Thatthe per.-on^on boaid the said ship, in re-
suming iheir naluial rights of peisonal hbeity, violated no
law of the United Slate-., intuited no legal penalty, and ate
justly liable to no punishment.
" Resolved, That all attempts to regain possession of, or
to reonMave, i-aid persons, are unauthorized by the Consti-
tution oi the lawsot the United States, and aie incompat-
ible wall our national honor.
Resolved, Thai all attempts to exert our national influ-
ence in iavoi ol the eoa-twi.-e <-lave hade, or to place this
nation m ihe attitude ot maintaining a 'coimneiee in hu-
man bfingsj' mi! subversive ul the lights, and mjuiious to
the tellings and the niteie tsoi Ihe liee State*-; aie unau-
thonzed by the Constitution and piejudieial loout national
character."
These weiu the resolutions of censure:
u Whereas lion, Jomiu < 11. Giddin'gs, tne membei from
the -ixtceuth oongi tit-^-ional dis-tuet ol the Stal^ of Ohio,
lias tins day presented to this Hou<e asenox of resolutions
touching the most important interests connected with a
huge poiuouof the Union, now a subject ol negotiation
between the United State-, and Gieat Biitain of the most
delicate nature, the le^ult of v\ Inch may eventual!} involve
tlins(> nations and pei haps the whole eivih/.ed vvoi Id in war;
and whn-t m it is the duty ol eveiy good citizen, and pat-
ticularly every selected agent and lepic.sentaliveot the peo-
ple to discountenance all efl'otts to create excitement, dis-
satistaetion, and di\ i-ioti among the people ot the United
State- at such a time and undei Mich cucum&lances, whfeh
is the only effect to be accomplished by the inuoduetion of
sentiments belore the legislative body"of the country hos-
tile to the gioutuU ii-biimed by the high functionary having
in chaise this nnpoitaiu and delicate tm-t; and whereas
mutiny and minder are therein justified and apptoved in
terms shocking to ail sense of law, oider, and humanity :
Thoteforc,
<' Resolved, That this IIou«o holds the conductor the said
member as altogether un wan anted and unwanantable, and
dcseivmg the seven- condemnation of the people of this
I cotnuiy. and of this body m particular."
Mr. GRINNELL. Here, Mr. Speaker, is a
Democratic precedent, made at the behest of sla-
very, with the spirit of tyrants, while we act for
an imperiled country. Mr. Giddings was bold
enough to declare that the slaves on board of the
Creole on the high seas were justified in resum-
ing their inherent rights which the God of natuie
gave them—a pioposition so plain that none but
the obtusest intellect would dissent from it; and
he who would fear to utter it m this Hall is fit
for a slave. Yet he was censured by the vote of
a Democratic House of Representatives. After
that action Mr. Gildings resigned his seat. He
was nothing in the world but a " poor, despised
Yankee," transferred to Ohio, born in that land
whose people, according to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Harrington-,] have no stomach
for fighting. But what did he do?
Mr. HARRINGTON. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. GRINNELL. I will yield with very great
pleasure after I am done. [Laughter.] What
did Mr. Giddings do? He resigned his seat and
went home,and the people of his district sent him
back here to represent them. Contrast that case
and the ground of action with the one we have here
before us, and note the action of 1842 and 1864.
The House on Saturday last passed a vote of
censure upon a member of this House, [Mr. Har-
ris, of Maryland,] declaring that he was an un-
worthy member. He is a gentleman who boasted
here of being a slaveholder—one of the last of that
memorable nobility, not a fossil exactly, a rep-
resentative of the chivalry. And yet he does not
seem inclined to follow the proud example set him
by- Mr. Giddings, a Yankee, the subject of so
many jeers. He is not inclined to resign his seat.
I will not allude to him as a traitor, although the
Chair did decide last night that the use of that
language was not unpailiamentary as applied to
him. I will simply allude to him as " the un-
worthy member." [Laughter.] By a vote of
the House he was censured. That vote was sup-
ported by many of the political adherents of the
member. Some twenty or thirty members on that
side happened to be absent at the time. Perhaps
they had gone to dinner, or gone somewhereelse.
1 do not know, not being their keeper. At all
events they were fortunate enough not to be here
when their names were called. [Laughter.] It
will be recorded that so many members of the
" unterrified'' Democratic party stood by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, so many voted against
him, and so many dodged the question. [Laugh-
ter.]
But the '* unworthy member " from Maryland
persists in holding on to his position here, not-
withstanding his censure by the House and by
members of his own party; while Mr. Giddings,
the " grasping, spiritless Yankee," resigned his
seat on being censured without a hearing,and on
the basest pretenses thathe had impaired the value
of slave property in Virginia, that mother of slave
breeders as well as of presidents. So much for the
representatives of the chivalry who never take
an insult. They are high-toned, but not so very
high-toned but that they will retain their seats
after their fellow-members have proclaimed them
unworthy of association with them on account
of treasonable language. An abolitionist goes to
the people and they send him back indorsed with
a fiesh commission; a vaunting slave-owner, cen-
sured, remains here like
" The last rose of summer,
Left blooming alone."
When I listen to lectures about New England
or Yankees, I thank God that the time is past or
drawing near when we shall hear no longer taunts
and insults in this Hall—when the crack of the
slaveholder's whip will not be heard in this Hall
as it has been in the past.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Harris]
says fuiiher—and 1 hope he. will not come any
nearer to me than he is—[he comes over toward
Mr. G.]—that if a man calls his father a traitor
he will do something, I do not know what, some
tenible thing,and as i do not want some terrible
thing to befall me, [ will not call him a traitor.
But when the gentleman says that he will answer
for all his sins as a slaveholder, 1 tell him there
is a dark and terrible futuie for him; that every
one of his slaves has a note against him bearing
compound interest, and that note will be pre-
sented in that great day, when I fear that that
gentleman will not be able to cash it, or meet the
consequences of protest at the bar of the Eternal.
He will hear, " Behold the hire of the laborers
who have reaped down your fields, which is of
you kept back by fraud, crieth; and the cries of
them which have reaped are entered into the
ears of the Lord of Sabaoth." And it is because
those who have gone before us, and have sat in
this Chamber, have listened without lebuke Jo
the abuse of these slaveholders, that I believe in
God this country has come to what it has, hav-
ing slavery everywhere.
Sir, great justice, late if not early, will be heard.
These men who voted to reprimand and insult
John Ctuincy Adams living, when he was dead
