554:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
trict of Columbia will see to it that no corpora-
tion shall hereafter commit such an outrage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would have given a
silent vote on this resolution, indeed, I should not
have cared to vote any way, except for the expla-
nations that have been made by the Senator who in-
troduced it and the Senator from Minnesota, it
seems to be considered a great outrage that the ne-
groes in the District of Columbia are notallowcd
to take their seats in the same cars with the white
men and women who travel on the railroadsofthis
city. If I were to express any opinion on the sub-
ject, I should say the outrage would be the other
way. But perhaps it is due to the company to say
that I have observed the fact, as I suppose other
Senators have observed it, that there are cars fur-
nished for the colored people of the District, and
those cars are plainly indicated, so that there can
be no mistake.
1 do not understand from the Senator who has
introduced this resolution that any negro has been
denied the right to ride in the cars which, at the
expense of the company, have been provided for
their accommodation; but the difficulty, I sup-
pose, has arisen because the negro declined to ride
m the cars that are provided for persons of his
color, and claimed the right to ride in the cars that
are provided for the white men and women who
travel on these railroads. I am perfectly willing
that upon all questions the committees shall inves-
tigate and report what their investigations require
them to report to the Senate, and this being a mere
resolution of inquiry there can be no objection to.
it, perhaps, except for the meaning that is given
to it by the explanations of Senators, and there-
fore I shall vote against the resolution.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, I have no ob-
jection to this inquiry, and I am in favor of it,
although I hope and am inclined to believe that
"there must be some mistake about (he facts. 1
saw a telegraphic dispatch that had been sent
through from this city to one of the NewYork
papers, making this statement, and that the mut-
ter had been referred to General Mnrtindale, who
is the military governor, i believe, of this Dis-
trict. 1 had supposed, situated as i was, that if
there was any occurrence of this kind it would
be brought to my attention by somebody, or in
^omc manner other than through a JNTew York
newspaper, but I have never heard any allusion
to it by anybody either before 1 saw it in that
paper or since. My friend from New Hampshire
says it has been mentioned in the papers of the
District, but it oscaped my^bservation.
I think the Senator from Indiana is right in
saying that there were or have been cais for col-
ored people, but I doubt whether there are any
now. At any rate no one has attracted my atten-
tion for some weeks.
Mr. CARLILE. I saw several yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rode in one a day or two
ago.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Senator
from Iowa that very recently, without observing
it, I found myself crowding on the coloied popu-
lation in one of their own cars, and as I did not
choose to press upon their rights I of course gave
them thecar. It was their right; it was provided
for them, and of course I did not question that
right. So 1 am sure that provision has been made
for (heir accommodation.
Mr. GRIMES. I havo found myself in some
of the curs, and I did press myself upon their at-
tention and rode with them,and 1 did not consider
myself disgraced by riding to the Senate Chamber
in a car with some colored people.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am sure that
the Senator from Indiana is mistaken in regard to
the provision for colored persons. There may be
here and there, now and then, once in a long in-
terval of time, a car which colored persons may
enter; but any person who traverses the avenue
must see that those ears come very rarely, and if
any person takes the trouble to acquaint himself
with the actual condition of things he will know
that there are* great abuses and hardships, par-
ticularly among women, growing out of that out-
rage. I use plain language, sir, for it is an out-
rage; it is a disgrace to this city; it is a disgrace
to this Government which sanctions it under its
eyes.^ It is a mere offshoot of the slavery which
happily wo have banished from Washington.
"But now go back to the facts on which I pred-
cated my motion. The Senator from Iowa has
referred to the case of the colored officer. I' have
in my hand the letter of that officer addressed to
his military supei ior making a report of th'ecase,
and as it is vciy biief I will read it:
Washington, D. C., February 1, 1864.
Sir: I have thchonor to report that I have been obstructed
in getting to the court this morning by the conductor ot car
No. .32, of the Fourteenth street hue of the city railway.
I staited from my lodging* to goto the hospital I formerly
had charge of to get some notes of the case I was to give
evidence in, and hailed the carat the corner of Fourteenth
and r street*. It was stopped for me and when I attempted
to enter the conductor pulled me back, and informed me
that i must lidc on the front with the dnver, as it was
against the rule* for colored persons to ride inside. I told
him 1 would not ride on the front, and he said I should not
rtde at all. lie then ejected ino ftom the platform, and at
the same time gave orders to the duvet to go on. I have
therefore been compelled to walk the distance in the mud
and ram, and have aUo been delayed in my attendance upon
the coutt.
1 theretoie most respectfully rcque&t that the ofFendei
may be at rested and brought to pum.shmeut.
1'remain, sir, voui obedient seivant,
A. T. AUGUSTA, M. 13.,
Surgeon Seventh U. S. Colored "Troops.
Captain 0. W. Oi.ippinotov, Judg? JMvoccte.
I believe that the writer of this letter had just
as much right m that car as the Senator from In-
diana, and I believe that it was just as great an
outrage to eject him from the car as it would be
to eject that Senator. I go further and 1 say—I
merely take him for illustration—that the ejection
of that Senator from a car would not bring upon
this capital half the shame that the ejection of this
colored officer from the car necessarily brings upon
the capital, or any oth^r Senator, for I do not
mean of course to make the remark personal; but
as the Senator from Indiana has entered into this
discussion and chooses to vindicate this inhuman-
ity, I allude to him personally.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I saw this
statement in the New York papeis, and I sup-
posed, of course, it was true; for we all know that
a very lurgc quantity of the knowledge we getof
what is going on, not only in the city, but in Con-
gress, is obtained from the New York papers; but,
as is suggested by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, 1 have also seen it in the Washington pa-
pers. It is a case that 1 think calls for the action
of Congress. I know no right that this company
has to make these distinctions here m the capital
where all persons are free and equal before the
law. •
But, sir, this is not the only place that needs
reform. There are other portions of the country
that need reform also wheie, perhaps, the matter
is not under our control. On our own cars that
we are running on our own militaiy roads these
outiages are committed. The other day a friend
of mine came up from the Army, and with him
two colored men, and they were forced into a cat-
tle car while he rode alone in a freight car over
that road, forced there by the persons exeicising
the control under the authority of the United
States. *
The truth about it is, sir, that slavery has had
its corrupting and malign influences upon the
country. The country will yet, however, be abo-
htionized and civilized and humanized, but it
must be aholitiomzcd before the high civilization
or the high humanity will come. Jt is all going
well and right. I hope that some action will be
taken in reference to this matter, and I hope the
Federal Government will correct these outrages
that arc perpetrated by persons employed by them
on some of our own military roads.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to add a single
remark to what I have felt it my duty to sav.
And first I wish to ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts who has just taken Ins seat if he has not
heard of tens of thousands of cases where white
soldiers have been compelled to ride in cattle or
burden cats. I know that nothing is more com-
mon in the pressure upon the railroads of the
Northwest than for that very thing to occur.
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the question of
the Senator^I will say that there is no doubt that
it is tiue. That, however, I take it was a matter
of necessity. I have no idea that any soldiers in
any part of the country have been driven into the
cattle cars while other cars used for carrying
freight and being clean and neat go without pas-
sengers. In this case these persons were forced
into the cattle car, and the gentleman told me he ;
rode nearly all the way alone, when there was
room for a lar^e number of other persons in the
car. He inquired about it of two officers, and the ,
answer was that the cattle cars were for " the nig-
gers."
Mr. HENDRICKS. During the very cold
winter weather toward the commencement of this
session, under the very eye of Senators, the vet-
erans from the Potomac and the Rapidan came
into this city in cars that were not at all fit for
white people, in which they sufFeied extremely
for the want of fire; and yet neither that Senator
nor any other Senator felt that the cause of hu-
manity and'right required them to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the circumstance.
I am satisfied, sir, that the Senators have now
declared the end to which we are to come, and
that by the action of the Federal Government the
sojjal as well as the political equality of the negro
is to be forced upon the white race. If that be the
judgment of the country we shall have to accept
it. The people that 1 represent m this Chamber
have not yet adopted that sentiment. The dis-
tinction between the two races is yet maintained
in Indiana. How much longer it will be main-
tained I am not able to say.
The Senator says that abolitionism is to do its
work,and one of its works, as I understand from
him, is to bring about social equality. I presume
he means also politicalequality. I think that wc
will not consent to that very readily in the State
of Indiana. Indiana has not been for a great num-
ber of years in fact or in law a slave State. At
one time there were a few slaves in that State, but
it has been substantially a free State since 1816,
the time of its admission, and yet, sir, accustomed
as we are to white labor there, and to none other,
we are not content that equality, social and polit-
ical, of the black race shall be forced upon us; and
I am glad now that in plain terms the two distin-
guished Senators from Massachusetts and the
Senator from Minnesota have told the country
that this is the end we are to come to, that this war
is not only for the freedom of the negro but for
the equality of the negro socially as well as polit-
ically, and the country can now appreciate the
issue that is before it.
Mr. POMEROY. I think, Mr. President, the
Senator is mistaken in saying that Indiana is a
free State. 1 never heard of that, because I have
noticed that white men m Indiana aie not free.
There is a law in that State which prohibits white
men from employing colored men unless they were
in the State at the adoption of the constitution.
Coloied men who happened to live in Indiana at
the time the State constitution was adopted can
be employed as laborers; but if any white man in
that State employs a colored man who has gone in
since, he is subject to a fine and also to a forfeiture,
and I believe imprisonment. If that makes In-
diana a free State it is not such a free State as I
would make if I were to make one.
Mr. CLARK. 1 thinkthe Senator from Indiana
has mistaken" the resolution. I understand him to
characterize this as a resolution to force the negro
into the cars. I understand it to be a resolution to
prevent you from forcing him out—not to force so-
cial equality, but to prevent an outiage upon him.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I did not
intend to say another word, and I should not now
say anything except for the remarks of the Sena-
tor from Kansas in respect to the policy which
Indiana has seen fit to adopt. In this Chamber,
sir, it is not a part of my labor to defend the
policy that the people of that State see fit to adopt;
but I will simply say this: wc lie alongside of the
State of Kentucky, and free negroes were con-
stantly coming into our State, and our people
thought we would have the negro there neither as
a free man nor as a slave, and they decided in
favor of that policy by the largest vote that was
ever given in the State upon any question sub-
mitted to the people—by a majority, I think, of
ninty-threc thousand. That has been the policy
of Indiana; and m this connection I will simply
add that under that policy the colored population
of Indiana between 3850 and 1860 increased but
about one and a half per cent., while in the ad-
joining Stnte of Ohio, in which they had no such
protection to fiec wjnte labor, the negro popula-
tion increased, 1 believe, about forty-one per cent.
Mr. WILSON. A single word, Mr. President,
in regard to what the Senator from Indiana has
said ot our soldiers and how they are carried. I
never learned that over the military road of the
Government between Alexandria and the Army
any abuses were made of our soldiers. If I had
