1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
learned such a fact in any form I think I should
have been likely to refer to it. I am sure of one
thing, that if ever I saw any conductors on that
road drive soldiers from the freight cars which
had carried freight to the Army, into other cars
that had carried cattle to the Army, while the
freightcars were empty and vver.e retained for some
privileged or favored persons to ride in, I should
have denounced it here and elsewhere.
I will say further, as we are speaking to-day in
regard to the management of these roads, that 1
have no reason to corffplain of the management
of the railroad in the city of Washington, or of
any of its conductors toward myself. I believe
the most of them are men who do their duty, and
do it faithfully, but I have seen cases where I
have remonstrated with them, not for driving black
men out of the cars, because I have never seen
that done, although 1 have seen black men. and
women forced on to the front part of the cars to
ride in cold and stormy weather; but I have seen
soldiers traveling in this city in some cases slighted
and abused by conductors on this road. 1 have
remonstrated with them for such conduct; and I
know other persons who have witnessed the same
thing.
What I mean to say about this matter is this:
I do not want to force on the Senator from Indi-
ana or anybody else any class of men with whom
he does not choose to associate, but I think the
true policy is to let men stand equally before the
law, to let men win their own positions,let them
•have the privilege of making out of themselves
all that God and nature intended they should be.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Hi own, Chandler, Clark, Col-
lamer, Cuiniess, Cowun, Dixon, Fe^scniten, Foot, Foster,
Grimes, ilrtle, IJarlan, Hams, [toward, Howe,Lane of Kan-
sas, MoigRn,i\Ion ill, Potncroy, Ramsey,Sliei mail, Spmuue,
Pumner,Ten Hyck,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wil-
son—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Hardin?,Hendricks,
Nesiniili, Powell, Riehaidbon, Itiddle, Saulsbuiy, and Van
Winkle—10.
So the resolution was agreed to.
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS AS COUNSEL.
Mr. TR.UMBULL. 1 move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 28, relating lo members
of Congress. I think we can pass it in the morn-
ing hour.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in Committee of the
Whole, the bill (S. No. 28) relating to members
of Congress. The bill as originally introduced by
Mr. Wade provided thatnomemberofthe Senale
or of the House of Representatives of the United
States shall, during his continuance in office, here-
after appear or act as counsel, attorney, or agent
in any cause or proceeding, civjl or criminal, in
any court, civil, criminal,"military, or naval, or
before any commission in which the United States
is a party or directly or indirectly inteiested, or
receive any compensation of any kind, directly
or indirectly, for services of any description ren-
dered by himself or another in relation to any such
cause, or proceeding; and that no member of the
Senate or House of Representatives shall,during
his continuance in office, receive or agree to re-
ceive any compensation whatsoever, directly or
indirectly, for any services rendered to any per-
son, either by himself or another, in lelation to
any proceeding, contract, claim, controversy,
charge, accusation, arrest, or other matter or thing
in which the United States is a party or directly
or indirectly interested, before any Department,
bureau, officer, or any civil, military, or nnval
commission whatever. A person so offending,
on conviction, is to be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and be punished by a fine not less than
^ , and by imprisonment for a term not less
than years, and be forever thereafter incapa-
ble of holding any officeof honor, trust, or profit
under the Government of the United States.
The bill was leported fiom the Committee on
the Judiciary with amendments, tbefirstol which
was to strike out the following words:
No member of ihr Senate or ^ the Kouso of Represent-
atives of the United States during his continuance
in office, hereafter appear or act as counsel, attorney, or
a"crit in any can -c or proceeding, civil or ci imhial, m any
const, civti," criminal, nniitmy. or naval, or before any com-
mission, in which the United States is a party or dncctlv
ot indirectly imeioted. or leceive any compensation of any
kind, directly or mdiiectiy, for services nf any dosenption
rendered l>v him self 01 anothci in 1 elation to any fciichcauAe
or pioceeding. Amf.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that I heard
the bill read very distinctly. The most of its pro-
visions, so far as I understand them from the read-
ing, appear to be reenacting the laws as they are.
An act passed several years ago prohibits any
member of Congress from prosecuting any claim
against the Government except in the courts.
This bill, I think, repeats that provision. I did
not rise so much for the purpose of suggesting
that merely, as to suggest to the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary whether
he thinks it is advisable to exclude the privilege
of members of the Senate who happen to be pro-
fessional men of appearing before courts-martial.
Mr. TRUM BULL, The Senator from Mary-
land will permit me to say that the amendment
now under consideration does v;'t involve that.
That will come up hereafter. We are now con-
sidering the question of striking out from the third
to the twelfth line; and the words proposed to be
stricken out prohibit n member of Congress from
attending to any business whatever in any court,
before any Department of the Government, either
with or without compensation. If the bill as it
was introduced were to pass no member of Con-
gress would be permitted to act for his constitu-
ents before any of the Departments or in any of
the courts of the country anywhere, either with
or without compensation. The committee pro-
pose to strike that out. By the subsequent pro-
visions of the bill it wilt be seen that, as the com-
mittee report it, they propose to restrain members
of Congress and clerks in the Departments and
heads of bureaus from receiving a compensation
from any person for doing any business before
any Department or any commission or anywhere
else except in the judicial tribunals of the conn-
try. The bill as repotted by the committee does
not pro hi bit members of Congress from practicing
in the courts of the country; but it docs prohibit
them from appearing before courts-mai tial, com-
missions, Departments, buieaus, or anywhere
elaa,for a fee or consideration received from any
on(£/ f^'10 lotion now if, however, on striking
ourfhese first twelve lines.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nexf amendment was in line twelve, after
the word " shall" to insei t the words, " after his
election and," and in line fourteen after the word
" office" to insert the words "nor shall any head
of a Department, head of a bureau, clerk, or other
officer of the Government," and in line seventeen
after the word "rendered" to insert the words,
<{ or to be rendered;" so that the clause will read:
7'li,u [in jin'tnliri of the Senate cu riou^e of Representa-
tive-- ■ Imll, Miter hi-- eleetion -.iiid dm my hts continuance in
olliee, nor ^h all any hi ad ot a Depai nnent, head ol a Imrean,
cleik, oi oilier ollieei ot the Government, receive or agiee
to leceivc anv compensation wliaHnevei, threetl\ or null-
iect!\, loi any tciviecs leudeied, ot to be lendcicd; &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. While we arc on that line,
it has been suggested, to make the bill clear from
any ambiguity, that after the words " or to be
rendered," which hare been inserted, there should
be inserted the words " after the passage of this
act;" so that it will apply to services rendered or
to be tendered after the passage of this act. Oilier-
wise it might cut off compensation which lias been
agieed on for a person attending before a court-
martial or some other place where the law hereto-
foie did not prohibit Ins attending. I move in
the seventeenth line after the word " lendered" to
insert those words, " after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line twenty-two, after the word " Department" to
insert the woid 11 court-maitial."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the particular pro-
vision 
The ViCE PRESIDENT. If the Senator from
Maryland will pardon the Chair a moment, it
becomes the duty of the Chair at this houi_ to
call up the special older of the day, the morning
hour having expired.
Mr. TIIUMBULL. It will take hut a moment
probably to get through with this bill. I do not
apprehend that it will lead to discussion. I will
therefore move to lay aside all other orders until
we get through with this bill.
The VICE PRESI DENT. If there be no ob-
jection on the part of the Senate that course will
be pursued.
Mr. HALE. I suggest to the Senator fiom
Illinois that possibly there may be some discus-
sion on it. It is an important bill and marks out
anew policy in the Government, a pretty wide
departure from what has been practiced hereto-
fore. I wish that it might be printed as it has
been amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is printed as amended,
and is before~the Senator. It has been on our
tables for a week or two.
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the Senator
to let this bill go over, and then we can take up a
measure which I think it is very important to act
upon, and that is the joint resolution to equalize
the pay of soldiers of the United States Army.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
submit that motion?
Mr. WILSON. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Massachusetts moves to postpone all pripr orders
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the joint resolution indicated in his motion.
Mr. TRUM BULL. I think we had better fin-
ish this bill. The bill has been printed, but the
Senator from New Hampshire did not have it be-
fore him; that is all. It is a short bill. If he will
send for a printed copy of Senate bill No. 28 he
can have it before him in a moment.
Mr. WILSON. I understood the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire to suggest that that bill would
lead to considerable debate, and therefore*I made
my motion. If the Senator from Illinois thinks
we had better go on with the bill I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. I-IALE. I have no objection.
Mr.FESSENDEN. 1 wish to suggest to gen-
tlemen that if they postpone everything that leads
to debate it will take them some time to get
through with this session of Congress.
Mr. HALE. I do not want any postponement
of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts withdraw his motion?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair then,
if there be no objection, will proceed with tJ^e
pending question. The bill (S. No. 28) relating
to members of Congress is still before the Senate,
tlie pending question being on inserting after the
word " Department," in the twenty-second line,
the word "court-martial," and on that the Sena-
tor from Maryland was on the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was under the impression
it was postponed.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate at the point where the Senator arose.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I said just now, 1 sug-
gest to the honorable chairmano'f thecommittee,
arid the Senate, whether it is proper in itself to
make this amendment, at the present time particu-
larly. You hove extended to courts-martial ju-
risdiction over almost every variety of crimes.
There is hardly an offense known to the criminal
statute which is not more remotely, indirectly, or
directly of such a cliaiacter that these courts-
martial or military commissions are supposed to
have, and certainly assume, jurisdiction. My
impression has been, and still is, (with no disre-
spect to the Executive,) that these courts-martial
are assuming jurisdiction which Congress never
contemplated.' In all cases of contract to furnish
materials to the United States in any Department
of the Government, if the Government believe, or
have leason to believe, that llio party has acted
fraudulently in his execution of that contract,he
is tried before what they call a military commis-
sion, stul from what I have understood—I speak
from no personal knowledge—very great injustice
has been done, and very often has been done be-
cause of the absence of counsel. But besides that,
cases are occurring every day where the reputa-
tion of an officer or his life is involved before a
court-martial. The earnings of his life, in char-
acter as well as in everything else, may depend
upon the result of the decision of that tribunal.
Now, I suppose that the only ground upon
which it is proper—and to that extent I agree with
the policy as a good one—to cxclude members of
Congiess who happen to be professional men from
| prosecuting their profession is, that in certain
! cases they are imagined to have, because they are
| members of Congress, an improper influence upon
! the bureau or the Department or the tribunal be-
I fore which the case is to be tried. A clerk in
| these Departments, whether at the head of a bu-
