2580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
surrendered under any circumstances, and force
should be met by force everywhere where the
attempt ia made.
Now, here is a clear case of military interfer-
ence, unjustifiable, unconstitutional, and lawless,
apd justified on no principle whatever. Yet the
question is, does it therefore follow that where
there was any military interference to any extent
whatever the election was rendered void ? To
illustrate the matter, suppose that in an election
between A and B, the sheriff in a single precinct,
with a mob surrounding him, in a lawless man-
ner and by force excludes half a dozen good and
loyal citizens who had a right to vote and who
would have voted for B, but still A has received
a majority of five thousand in the whole district,
is the whole election to be declared void ? The
mere fact that there was unlawful and criminal
interference does not necessarily and perse render
theelection void. We must come down to some
better test than that. I have here the votes in all
the districts in,Kentucky, and the vote received
by the sitting member in this district would have
elected arty man in any district in Kentucky at
the last August election. The vote he teceivcd
would have been a majority of the largest vote
given in any one of the congressional districts in
Kentucky. He received over 5,000 majority.
Now, while these unjustifiable orders may have
kept some men from tile polls, yet is it not to be
presumed that the ma jority who voted for my
colleague were compelled to vote for him? The
gentleman received a vote which would have
elected any congressional candidate in ICentucky,
and I must therefore conclude that the election
was not rendered void, while at the same time I
would denounce in the strongest terms all mili-
tary interference; and if I give a vote in favor of
the sitting member, I do not desire to be under-
stood as giving the least countenance to military
interference. I would treat it always with scorn
and contempt.
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, there are vari-
ous allegations in the contestant's notice, all of
which are specifically denied, and a few of which
have a shadow of support in the evidence taken.
i will not trouble the House with reading the
pleadings, but will in a few words state the
points in controversy. The contestant alleges
that my election was procured and liisdefe.it was
caused by military interference. He affirms that
nnd I deny it; and that is the issue which this
House has to try. It is not a question whether
this orthatorder was right; the question is wheth-
er the people of the distiict have spoken, and
whether 1 was elected and he was defeated by
military interference or their choice.
Before I address myself to the main question at
issue in this case, 1 desire to make a few passing
allusions to the debate that occurred in this House
on Friday evening. Thecontesttintthen declared,
as I distinctly understoodhimaftera repetition of
what he saiu, that this order of Colonel Foster
was exhibited to me in writing before it was pro-
mulgated. That statement 1 emphatically denied.
1 understood the contestant aftei wards to dis-
claim it. When my colleague from the Muys-
ville district [Mr. Wadsvvohtii] made allusion to
a fact which he supposed was legitimately stated
in the minority report, I explained to him that at
the request of gentlemen from oilier counties,
who weie in my town, I did frank two copies of
it without comment or direction.
Ill regard to the matter of franking this order
I said on this floor that it was a statement which
had been interpolated into the inmoiity report by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Yoorih.es.]
That is, foisted, impropeily, unduly inserted
without authority. In connection with that state-
ment [ alleged that it was not a fact averred and
relied upon in the pleadings; 1 alleged that it was'
nowhere proved in the evidence; I alleged that it
was a statement of a thing said to have been hinted
or charged in the committee-room; and that the
minority member of that committee who made
allusion to this matter never was in the committee-
room to hear what had occuned there. Having
made this distinct statement I appealed to him
(my manner may have been earnest, as it usually
is, but my language was respectful,) to state when,
where, and/row. whom he got this statement, and
by what authority it was put into the minority
report. The House will distinctly remember that
he distinctly flinched from the question-, that he
made no pretense or attempt to answer it; but
straightway commenced reading an extract about
another irrelevant matter, putting an improper
construction on what he did read, and finally il-
lustrated his vexation and defeat by firing a volley
of conditional epithets at me, and closed the door
to further remark on my part by refusing to yield
to me. Truly that was a piece of gallant and
courtly and generous and knightly conduct on this
floor. Such logic is powerful, only it cuts back-
wards and slays its author. Such manifestations
of courage come through a cheap advertisement,
and the world generally comes to the conclusion
that the article is worth just about as much as the
advertisement cost the owner. Having refused to
answer the question, having ftuled to contradict
the statements 1 made, the only possible inference
that the House can draw is that he had this state-
ment in an ex parte out-door representation from
the mouth of the contestant; and on that authority
he presumed to put it in this minority report. I
submit to the House whether the charge I made
has not been fastened on him by the facts of the
case, and by his conduct in that debate.
X wish, Mr. Speaker, that that was the only
inatance^of the kind to be found in the minority
report. There ia here a military order made part
of it, dated " Headquarters, District of Kentucky,
Louisville, July 25, 1863," signed " By order of
Brigadier General Boyle." Where did that order
conie from? I affirm that it did not come from
the record in this case. It is nowhere averred
and relied upon in the pleadings. It is nowhere
given in evidence under the general issue. It ia
barely alluded to by one witness, who makes the
allusion without being asked. The contestant's
brother—a gentleman who practices lawforaliv-
ing, and who therefore ought to know something
about the rules of evidence—undertook to state a
part of that paper without stating all of it, and
without making profert of the instrument. lie
undertook to state that three or four men were
prevented from voting, without giving the name
of a man that was so prevented, and without
swearing a aijigle one of the men so referred to.
I thank them for muoduemg that order into this
ease, I find in it this clause:
u Whenever it becomes necessary to sei/,e or impress
private property for military purpose*#, the piopertynf sym-
pathizer with the rebellion ami of those opposed to lut •
niching any more men or any more money to maintain the
Federal Government ami suppress the rebellion, will be fust
seized and impressed."
This is an order by a Kentucky general. It
furnishes authority for the conduct complained
of m the notice in regard to the impressment of
horses.
That order was found in a black pamphlet is-
sued soon after the election by a committee of dis-
appointed candidates, editors who had jumped oft"
the Union train, and original secessionists; a de-
feated candidate f'orGovernor,adefeated candidate
for Congress; a defeated candidate for the Senate;
in short, a very select company of courtly gentle-
men with sour stomachs. The pamphlet has been
industriously used by the contestant m prosecu-
ting his case.
What else do I find in this minority report ? I
find an allegation that " scarcely a vote was east
for him (the contestant) that was not subject to
some illegal test or improper criticism." I affirm
that the member of that committee who makes
that allegation in this minority report cannot rise
in his place and give the names of five men who
were treated as he alleges that almost all of the
3,0S3 who voted for the contestant were treated.
In speaking of the order of General Burnside he
says that he was called upon to inteifcre. That
ia not in the record. If it is true I do not know
it lo be true. He says in this connection that
" every military officer in the State was converted
into a judge of the qualifications of voters and can-
didates, and transmitted their opinions, in the
shape of military orders, to the judges of county
courts and judges of poll-books, who were con-
strained to receive and execute them 'at the point
of the bayonet.'" The words <e at the point of
the bayonet" are putin quotation marks, as ift hey
were an extract liom the proclamation, or from
some of these orders, while they appear in none
of them. General Burnside*s ordergave no such
directions. Besides that, his order was issued
after all these other orders were issued. What
is his order? To see how it comports with the
statement that is made of it, I read one extract
from it:
"As it is not the intention of the commanding general to
interfere with the proper expression of public opinion, nil
discretion in the conduct of the election will be, as usual,
in the hands of the legally appointed judge* at the poll*, who
will be held strictly responsible that no disloyal person bo
allowed to vote, and to this end the military'power is or-
dered to give them its utmost support.
" The civil authority, civil courts, and business, will not
b<; suspended by this order. It is for the purpose only of
protecting, if necessary, the rights of loyal citizens and the
freedom of election."
I find, Mr. Speaker, another allegation in this
minority report. It says:
" But there is another point in the career of the contest-
ant, from which dates all his misfortunes. He sinned
against the spirit of fanaticism on the subject of the negro,
lie issued an order as colonel of his regiment enforcing the
laws of Kentucky on the question of slavery. For tins he
was dismissed from a service which lie had adorned, and
in which he had shed ins blood." w
These facts are not affiimcd or relied upon in
the'pleadings; they are not given in evidence in
the general issue. There is but one witness who
I remember speaks of the fact, and he brings it
out in answer to a question by the contestant him-
self in order to show why rebels had voted for
him. Deposition of J. B. Bennett, page 163 of
printed record:
" Question hy McJIenry, No. 1. Do j on, or not, think that
the southern-rights men, secessionists, and rebels ot Ohio
county would ha£c voted for Mcllonry over Ycaman on
account of the manner and principle upon which he was
dismissed iioin the Aimy, all othei things being equal be-
tween him and Yeaman?
<• Answer. 1 think they would have voted for Mcllonry,
on account of the order he issued to ins lejdinent which
caused lus dismissal, before they would for Yeaman."
Sir, I had no intention of introducing this mat-
ter into this discussion; but after its introduction
into the House by the minority of the committee
and by the contestant himself, let him have the
benefit of it. I do not intend to mortify him by
reading the order dismissing him from the Army.
i do not intend to make any effort to create cap-
ital against him by reading that part of the order of
the contestant which was construed to be a vio-
lation of the Articles of War, and for which he was
dismissed from the Army. But it was a common
remaik in the district that the man who wrote
that order ought to go to school a while befon?
he went to Congress; and 1 will read a single
pauigraph from the order for the purpose of show-
ing the justice of that opinion.
" All negroes, not slaves oi freemen, will hereafter not be
allowed in this regiment, and all officers and soldiers are
forb.dden from employing any other than slaves or negroes
known to be tree."
Now, it was a curious question with plain men
to know how any negroes could be excluded ftom
camp after admitting all slaves and all free ne-
groes. [Laughter.] •
Now, sir, it was no part of my purpose to lug
these mutters in here against the contestant, and
I should not have referred to them if they had
nor been brought to the attention of the House
by the minority report; but I have been con-
strained by the course pursued by the author of
that singular document.
The Committee of Elections, having given this
case a protracted, laborious, and patient investi-
gation, reported that 1 was entitled to the seat.
They did this without hesitation, and the vote
was unanimous among gentlemen of both politi-
cal parties who heard the case or paid any atten-
tion to it in committee. The case was elaborately
argued on both sides. The labors of such a com-
mittee on such a question are eminently judicial
in their character. Its disposition ought to be
attended with the candor, the propriety, and the
absence of foreign matter that appertain to judi-
cial investigation and judgment.
I would have nothing to say about this repoit,
notwithstanding its limited and partial view of the
case, but for a coarse personal assault on mo
which its author has seen proper to make. He
says:
" But another is<-ue has been presented by the sitting
meinbei in this ease. He calls in question the loyalty of
the contestant, and by elaborate insinuations attempts to
identity ium with tiie cause of the southern confederacy."
Omitting some epithets as to myself and some
glowing praise upon the contestant, he says
again:
"The sitting member lemained at hh home, which was
made secure from the enemies of the country by the pa-
triotism and coinage of the contestant, whose fidelity to
