558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
dice of the Government I should bo us much in
favor of this amendment as the Senator from
Maine.
1 understand the honorable Senator to say, and
I understood him to say from the first, that he is
not far excluding a member of Congress from
appearing as counsel in cases, except cases of a
certain class, and he supposes that the class.of
cases before courts-martial is of that description
that members of Congress should not be permit-
ted to appear in. The Senator from Connecticut
takes the same ground. Now, a word in reply
to him first.
He ought not to appear there, says the Senator
from Connecticut, because the members of the
court are looking to promotion; and it may hap-
pen that a man who is so looking for promotion
may fear to offend counsel who happens to be a
member of Congress, and especially if he happens
to be a member of the Senate, because if he is nom-
inated for promotion, his nomination may be re-
jected by the influence of that particular member.
'Now, in the first place, I shall be exceedingly
unwilling to believe, and I certainly do not be-
lieve, that there is any member of this body now,
or that there can be at any time hereafter a mem-
ber of this body, who, because acting as counsel
he wasjdissatisficd with the finding1 of a court-
martial","would use his influence in this body to
punish the members of the court. I should be
unwilling to associate with counsel who would
lend themselves—I was about to say with all def-
erence to the Senator from Connecticut—to such
alow, miserable, pitiful feeling as that. Dissat-
isfaction with a judge because he happens to de-
cide against your client! Deny to htm honesty
because he differs in opinion from yourself! Take
advantage of your official position in order to pun-
ish him bccausc he ditTeia from you !
In the next place, how is he to come before the
Senate? The Senate have no right to appoint.
They have no right to nominate. The Senate's
right in regard to appointments arises after nom-
ination, and there can be no nomination except
at the hands of the Executive, if, therefore, any
member of the court should be capable of shap-
ing his judgment in order to secure piomotionhe
will look to the Executive. What do they want ?
" I feel for myself," one of them may say, " that
I am willing to pander for promotion, abuse my
conscience in order to accomplish my end; that
end is elevation in my profession; I cannot ob-
tain it except through the instiumentality of the
President or the immediate advisers of the Pres-
ident, the" Cabinet, arid particularly the head of
the military Department of the Cabinet, and I
will take care not to offend him." Is there not
more danger—I submit it to the Senator fiom Con-
necticut—of there being an abuse in that quarter
Buch as ho deprecates, than of such an abuse
aiiaing from the more fact that the party employed
as counsel happens to be a Senator?
Now, a word in reply to my friend from Maine.
There is a certain class of cases, he thinks, in
which members of Congress should not be per-
mitted to act as counsel, and tins is one of them.
Why is it one of them? Because these names
may be brought before us either by nomination
for promotion, or in the even t of conviction by ap-
peals for justice at the hands of the Senate, and
he who has been counsel, unknowing to himself,
cannot avoid feeling a bias which would prevent
his doing justice or being in a state of mind to do
exact justice.
In the first place, the honorable Senator from
Maine, if he wishes to carry out practically his
theory, must pass the bill as it was originally
presented, and that is to exclude any member of
Congress from trying in any court, any cause in
which the United States may be interested. Those
cases may come before us. Land grants are i uied
to be invalid, and an appeal is made to Con-
gress 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask my
friend a question with his permission.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does he ever consent to
sitas referee in acase where he has been counsel?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, 1 am not a referee, in
a case of this description.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You may be.
Mr. JOHNSON. No,sir, Icannotbe—neither
a referee in point of fact or name, nor a referee in
point of substance. A land grant is ruled to be
invalid, and the claimants come here to have it
made valid. Does anybody suppose that because
that might be, it would be improper for a Senator
of the United Slates, before the decision was made,
to appear as counsel? I say to the Senator from
Maine—and I suppose that any lawyer who
knows what is due to himself and due to his pro-
fession would come to the same conclusion—that
in a case of that description I certainly would not
vote to affirm such a grant, nor would I vote to
pay any claim which had been ruled by a decision
of a proper tiibunal to be-in valid, in acase m which
I had been counsel. I would not vote at all.
in relation to the two cases which have been
spoken of, my friend from Maine knows more
about them than I do. I have no knowledge at
all of what were the charges in either case. What
I said was founded entirely on the fact of the judg-
ment of reprimand, I think, in the one, and ajudg-,
ment of honorable acquittal in the other; but the
Senator from Maine seems to suppose that be-
cause the Executive in each case found fault with
the decision of the court, the decision must have
been wrong, and from an explanation of the facts
which he has got from the Departmenthe thinks
and says that in his judgment the cases were per-
fectly plain.
Nobody knows better than the Senator from
Maine that the true rule by which judgment should
be guided in all inquiries of that sort, is to hear
both sides. Has he heard the court? No, sir.
Has he seen the witnesses? No, sir. Does he
know the character of the witnesses, their title to
credit? No, sir. Docs he know the demeanor
of the accused? No, sir. And nobody knows
better than the honorable Senator from Maine that
all these things enter largely into the elements for
a correct judgment.
My honorable friend from Connecticut, not now
in his seat, has told us that the mere fact that
those judgments wore disapproved, proves, at least
m relation to one of the cases in which a member
of Congress appeared as counsel for the accused,
that the judgments must have been erroneous, i
suppose it is barely possible—I put the case now
as a supposition that the mind is able to entertain
without doing any violence to the power of reason
or to Us expouenee—that the judgment of five re-
spectable men ^efore whom the whole case was
heard may be right, and the judgment of Hon.
Edwin M. Stanton wrong. That is a fair possi-
bility; and if you are about to place these coui ts-
martial in a situation to be not obnoxious at all
to any suspicion of injustice, let the rights of
court s-mar Hal be undei stood. They arc appointed
by the Executive; and what has been done—I
speak from what i have heard from otlicers of the
highest distinction, not members of either of those
courts—what has been done has been construed
as touching the membeis of *ourts-mauial that
if the Executive desires a conviction, aveidict of
acquittal, no matter what is the evidence, will be
of no avail. "Acquit if you please, or lather if
you dare, and if in our judgment the acquittal has
been erroneous, then we notonly set it aside, but
we censure you." What would my friend from
Maine have said if he had been one of the mem-
bers ofthcucourtr Assuming that the coint were
wrong, I can undeisland that the conduct of the
Ex< cutive in the paiheulai ease might have been
right; but if tho Senator had been a member of
t hat court, and had, after hearing all the evidence,
decided thataman should honorably acquitted,
and he had been announced at once as dishonor-
ably discharged, and the court-martial itself dis-
solved as having shown mental imbecility, or
what is worse, moial imbecility, what would he
have said? I know him so well as to know he
would say, (£I may have erred; that is possible;
but the chances of my having uned are infinitely
• less than the chances of error m the Depaitment
j of War, where the Secretary is obliged to act
' without the benefit of many of the means of cor-
j reet information which must be possessed by a
j court."
| As I have already said, sir, I have no possible
! interest in the result; I merely wished to defend
i what 1 consider the lights of the profession, or
j more especially what I consider to be the rights
! of the individual citizen, so far as the particular
I amendment proposed by the committee is con-
cerned.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. Piesidcnt,as I stated
to the Senator, the bill would have suited me bet-
ter as it was originally drawn, to prohibit mem-
bers of Congress, so far as it is applicable to mem-
bers of Congress, entirely from appearing as
counsel in cases to which the Government is a
party. The Committee on the Judicialy, how-
ever, have chosen to put it in another attitude, and
I do not object to it, for the reason that I think it
will substantially accomplish the purpose, and I
do not feel disposed to urge my own particular
views in opposition to the views of the commit-
tee.
I do not see the danger that is apprehended from
this legislation. There are not many of our pro-
fession who are situated precisely as is my hon-
orable friend from Maryland. We are generally
men who work for pay m our profession. We
like fees. We are not disposed to give our time
and ourlaborandour study, as tho gentleman from
Maryland is, for weeks to the defense of people
whom we do not know, merely from love of the
profession or a sense of professional duty; and
therefore the bill as it stands will apply to every-
body but him. As he is not interested in it it
will have all the effect desired, because it will ex-
clude about everybody else; and I have no doubt
he will be governed, as I trust we all shall be, by
the implication of the bill itself, that the thing is
improper. I really have no fears but that the bill
as drawn, if we pass it, -will accomplish all its pur-
pose, of prohibiting members of Congress from
appearing as counsel in similar cases, and that,I
think,is highly desirable. Therefore I giveit my
support without attempting to amend it,and I do
not see the difficulties that my honorable friend
does.
it struck me that when he alluded to those two
cases which have been spoken of, it was not ne-
cessaiy to introduce them by way of illustration.
They illustrated nothing cxccpt that the Secretary
of War and the President had disapproved in two
instances the findings of courts-martial. 1 have
been so long out of practice that 1 have forgotten
to apply in all arguments here in the Senate the
mere technical notions that we have in practice
with regard to the effect of evidence, &c., but I
put myself on broader ground. We know with
reference to members of courts-martial that they
are generally not lawyers; they are not educated
judges, and they belong to the same class of men
with those whom they try; and Jt is a fact in
many cases in our own Army, and we know it,
that however good soldiers we may have among
our officers, we have many whose sympathies are
not over-strongly with us. It is a fact too well
known to be contradicted, and a fact the fatal ef-
fects of which we feel every day. I do not say
that that is the case with the courts-martial which
have been alluded to; I do not apply it to any par-
ticular court; but 1 say these different principles
and feelings prevail, and there necessarily may be
in many cases such gross errors committed by
courts-martial that it becomes the djUy of the
President, who has the power to disapprove
their findings, to exercise that power, and who
has the power moreover to stnke fj-om the ioils
any officer that he finds guilty of a misdemeanor,
to strike him from the rolls notwithstanding the
finding of a court-martial, and it is not to be im-
puted to him as a fault, or to the Secretary of
War as a fault, and I cannot imagine that theie is
any occasion in these particular cases for the
reasons i have stated to find fault with either the
Presidentor the Secretary with reference to them,
because the facts are known to the country. In
the first case the court-martial found the fact
and fixed the punishment, which was a mere
nominal punishment, and it was that which the
President and the Secretary of War found fault
with in reference to the court itself. It is very
proper that a court-mai lial should be dissolved
when it is found that the occasion for its being
called together no longer exists. That certainly
1? not to be found fault with by the honorable
| Senator.
i Mr. JOHNSON. It was to try many cases.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not appear;
and if the Senator puts it as a matter of legal
reasoning, I say that does not appear; it was not
part of the charge. He now says it was a court
established to try many cases. The Secretary of
War properly did not choose that it should try
any otheis, when, from the sample he had of the
discharge of their duty in that case, he came to
the conclusion that they were not fit to try other
