1884.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
is to become of her Union people, who have ssao 1
rifie jd so much in the cause of their country? If .
recognition takes place is her broad domain, an i
empire within itself equal to all New England,
and perhaps with natural wealth superior to any
other {State in the Union; is she to be made |
the tail end of the southern confederacy, whose j
chief political doctrine is the right of secession, j
and whose main corner-stone, in the language of !
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, is "African slavery?" 1
And where is Kentucky, the resting-place of Clay |
and of Crittenden, to go? Will the gentleman j
from Ohio consent that the flourishing city that j
he and his distinguished colleague represents on j
this floor shall be located upon the immediate '
border of a foreign and hostile country, separated :
only by a narrow river? Upon the theory of I
recognition, what is lo become of" Old Virginia," ;
that "magna mater vnumr" Who is to de- ]
cide? The people of Virginia? Sir, will her ;
loyal inhabitants, and the loyal people of Mary- !
land, and of the other loyal States ever consent ;
that these two great States shall be lost to the 1
American Union? Does not the gentleman from i
Ohio [Mr. Long] See that the first step at nego- j
tuition would be a failure? That it is "war to j
the knife and the kmte to the hilt," except upon 1
the condition of the national integrity and unity?
Does he not bee that the withdi awal of our troops .
would only bo a wuhdiawai for the purpose of j
renewing the struggle at once and afie&h, until j
one or the other ot these Powers is overcome? I j
sayto the gentleman ftom Ohio thatthe southern ;
confederacy will be established and this Govern- '
mentgodown, or this Government must assert
its authority, maintain its jurisdiction, and crush
the rebellion. The two cannot exist side by side,
and entertaining this view, I am 011 the side of
the Government. In the language of the 1m-
nioital Clay, toy paiauiouut obligation is to the
parent Government and not to the State in which
I was born or in which I live.
What does the gentleman propose by recogni-
tion ? What? 1 ask him where he would tun
the line? 1 have seen no man who could answer
that question. The very suggestion of a line
brings along with it the idea ot continuous wat.
Whet is to become of the Territories? Who is
to take them; the people of the loyal States or
the peopie of the pretended confederacy? The
contioversy itself started originally mainly about
the Temtoiies,and who is take them in theevent
of recognition? Look at the sea-Coast, reaching
fiom the Chesapeake around to the mouth of the
Ilio Grande, three thousand miles, with all its
bays and hurbois, and neaily all of them in the
possession of the Government of the United States.
Shall we surrender these? And what about the
commerce of the gieat rivers of the West, and es-
pecially of that great inland sea, the Mississippi ?
Who is to command and control the commerce
which floats upon its bioad bosom into the Gulf
and hencj to the sia? Aie we to give that up?
A nd yet that follows recogm t ion ! Do gen tk men
expect to obtain peace by dissolution ? Vain de-
lusion! Look back at the teachings and warn-
ings of the fatheis of the Republic in regard to
this mjohty question. Let the gentleman from
Ohio drink into his heart the inspirations of
Washington when the foundations of free gov-
ernment were laid upon this continent. Let him
study well the opinions of Clay and Webster and
Jackson, and of the great menwho.se heat ts were
often overwhelmed with anxiety in the midst of
the great political contests which took place m
this Capitol in reference to the fate of the Ameri-
can Union. They had no desire to lift the vail
and look beyond the destruction of the Govern-
ment. To their inspited vision the cause of lib-
erty and of progress was identified with the con-
tinuance and petpetuity of the Union formed by
our fatheis. There was no hope beyond this.
To them al! was uncertainty and doubt and dark-
ness and despotism. In that giand peroration
of tin1 noblest effort of his life, and which will be
read with admiration as long as the English lan-
guage is spoken umong men, Mr. Webster said: 1
" I have not allowed myself, «ir, to look beyond the !
Union, it) bee what might he hidden in the dark iece?> be- !
hind. J have not eoolh weighed the chancer of pre.-cmng |
Jibeitj when'the bond* tu.it unite us- togethu shall In'bro- ;
ken asunder. I have not uccu-tomed my.-M-lt'to hang over
the jneeipiee of disunion, to >eo whether, v\ith my ^hoit i
sighi, I can fathom the depth of the ahjss below : 1101 could J
I regard him as a sate counselor in the aflaiu- Qi tins Gov- 1
eminent n!io<o thought should be mainly bent on con- !
-idemi?, not how the Union may be b"st pte-ei ved, but
Iiow toleiable mi«lit be the condition of the people when
it should be biokcu up and destroyed. While the Union
la>t , we have high, exciting, grant'} in£ pro-peeN spicad
out be,fine us, lor us and our.eluldien. llejond that I s^eek
not to penetiaie the vail. God giant that in iny day, at
least, that curtain may n^t rise ! God grant that on my vision
never may be opened whathes behind I When my eyes
shall be turned to behold for the last time the sun in heaven,
may I not see him sinning on the bioken and dishonored
fragments of a once glorious Union ; on States dissevered,
discordant, belhgeient; on a land rent with civil feuds?or
dienelied, it may be, in fraternal blood! Let their last fee-
ble and lingering glance rather behold the gorgeous ensign
of the Republic, now known and honored tlnoti'ihout the
eaith, ?ti!i full high advanced, maims and trophies stream-
ing in their oiunual lusfct. not a stripe erased or polluted,
nor a single star olwmed, bearing for its motto no *-ueh
iniseiable intenogatoiy as {\Yh<it i« all tint* woith?' not
tho-si; other vroids of delusion and folly, 'Liberty fi^t and
Union altei wauls,5 but eveiywheie, s<pi ead all over in chai-
aeters of living light, blazing on all itv ample ioHU, a< they
float over the *ea and over the land, and in evety wind
under the whole heaven*, th.it othei sentiment, dear to
eveiv true American heatt—'Libeity and Union,now and
forever, one and inseparable!'"
The one is inseparably connected with the
other. The cause of civilization and of human
liberty must hang together with this Government,
m my humble opinion. Wc owe it to ourselves
in gratitude to a noble ancestry, we owe it to the
posterity which is to succced us that this bright
casket of liberty shall be transmitted to them un-
impaned. This free Constitution of ours was
framed after a long and bloody struggle by our
patriot ancestors. We had giown up and pros-
pered under it,and had become,up to the break-
ing out of this lebullion, one of the proudest and
most powerful nations on the face of the earth.
And damned to everlasting perdition be the de-
generate sons of noble sues who would permit
such a bright and lovely heutage to pass from
thcrn. [Applause in the galleries.]
i But, sit,it is not only for ourselves and for our
posterity who aie to come after us upon this con-
tinent that we .should maintain tins struggle.
! Where, sir, is the hope of the world? Follow
the course of the sun in his annual circuit around
the heavens; go to the benighted portions of the
world; go to the civilized and Christian parts of
! the eaith, where the people are downtiodden by
I strong and aibitrary Governments, and where do
! they look tor a model of imitation and for help
and succor in the days of their trial ? Where but
to our own hitherto happy country, the United
States of America; ay, &n, the United States!
This has been to them the beacon-light, the
"bright particular star," which, like the star in
the Kast thnt appeared over the babe of Bethle-
hem, is guiding the oppressed of all the earth to
the safe and secure resting-place of liberty.
Sir, we owe it not only to ourselves and to
our posterity, but. we owe it to Immunity every-
where, in every country, beneath every clime,
that we maintain tins struggle against tiaitors
armed for the puipose of deploying the Govern-
ment, until wc can come out of it with the stars
and stupes onee more floating proudly not only
ftom the dome of this Capitol, but fiom every
lull-top and in every valley from the Atlantic to
the Pacific coast, and from the Penobscot to the
mouth of the Rio Grande. [Apjilau.se fiom the
gallet ies.]
i am, then, sir, for war, in order that when
peace does come it may be permanent and lasting.
Better to fight to preserve our national unity than
to go to pieces and have thereaftei a thousand mul-
tiplied causes of war among ourselves. The unity
of the nation once settled, the Constitution and
laws vindicated and obeyed, and there will be no
longer any cause of strife and contention among
ouiselves and our posterity. We shall not tall a
prey to the great Powers of the eaith, butfeeling
that consciousness of strength which unity always
inspires, practiced in the art of war as our people
will be,and chastencd and subdued by the temble
ordeal through which wu have passed, our Gov-
ernment and our people will then be able to stand
the test of time and defy the world m arms against
us. *
Nor let it be said that there can be no Union after
the end of this cruel and unnatural civil war. Na-
tions, like individuals, aie at last governed by
their own best interests, and the war once term-
inated there will be a thousand considerations of
mutual interest to bind us indissolubly together.
The same motives which piompted our fathers to
establish a common Government and Union, will
operate with tenfold power on us in restoring that
which we had well-nigh lost. The feelings of
piejudiee and of hate cannot last always; these
will wear away with time, and both parties having
learned the prowess and strength of each other,
will in the future cultivate in a higher degree
those sentiments of mutual respect and forbear-
ance which are so essential to the peace of the
country and the good order of society.
Sucll, sir, is the history of the world. Every-
body for peace, and yet men engaged in perpetual
war. Other nations have had the same trials as
those which are now unhappily upon us. They
have been rent and torn by civil wars. But at
last the powerful motive of self-interest has con-
trolled, and peoples apparently forever alienated
have united and lived happily together. The
States of ancient Greece after many civil wars
did not hesitate to unite to drive back the Persian
invader. The border wars between England and
Scotland lasting for centuries were finally settled
in peace and in union, and under the same mon-
arch. The bloodiest page of English history is
the fierce struggle recorded between the houses of
York and Lancaster, yet these wars at last term-
inated, and the white and red roses were happily
blended together. Similar illustrations may be
found running all through the history of our race,
among the Jews, the Romans, the Spaniards, the
Germans, and nearly all carrying along with it
the encouraging idea that civil wars aie not ne-
cessarily fatal to the peace of those who are en-
gaged in them, nor to union and harmony when
these unhappy conflicts have ended.
Mr. Speaker, I am well aware of the discon-
nected natme of the remaiks which lam address-
ing to the House on this occasion, and I will de-
tain the House but a few moments longer. How
shall the Union be restoied when we shall have
broken the militaiy power of the confederate
States? We hear a great deal about extermina-
tion. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith]
has spoken of "subjugation, emancipation, ex-
termination." Tin st; "harps of a thousand
strings^have been played upon pretty extensively
here. We have heard, too, -of confiscation not
only of the property of the rebels, but of their
children, and of that other doctrine of4' misce-
genation. " [Laughter.] 1.believe that is what
they call it.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have entire confidence not only
in the patriotism, but also in the liberality and
the wise statesmanship of the people of the loyal
States of this Union; and in making this remark
1 apply it to all parties. I believe that when the
military power of the rebel States is broken, the
most liberal terms will be offered to the southern
people consistent with our duty to the Govern-
ment whose authority and integrity we are de-
fending, and consistent with those just responsi-
bilities and burdens which must fall and rest upon
those wicked men who have been instrumental in
inaugurating and carrying 011 this most causeless
and unholy rebellion. I have never believed that
this war would resultin the extermination or deg-
radation or exile of the masses of the peopie of
the South, or ihe robbery of their property, nor
have I ever believed that it would result in uni-
versal emancipation, without providing am pie and
liberal compensation to loyal owneis of this* de-
scription of property, and in giving them full tune
to dispose ofan institution long established among
them, and the sudden annihilation of which might
lead to the most disastrous consequences both to
the white and to the black lace. L speak of the
masses who have been misled; for I believe that
all parties agree that theleadeis in this strife, the
men who set on foot this rebellion, should be
brought to condemnation and punishment,either
m meting out.to them the full penalty of the Jaw,
or by foicing them to leave the country.
But, sir, the woik that we have first to do is
to break and destroy their military power. Until
this is accomplished it is idle to talk about res-
toration. This is the first thing to be done, and
there ought not to be two opinions upon thatques-
tion between any two loyal men, no matter what
patty they may belong to. Were if not for adis-
position 011 the part of individuals to promote
the inteiest of this or that party, of this or that
candidate to the presidential office, there is no
good reason why eight tenths of the members of
this House should not agree upon a liberal, en-
lightened, statesmanlike, and constitutional policy
