1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
cases; and in myopinion that course was proper.
1 am expressing my opinion, not the Senator's
opinion, in order that the matter may stand right
so fur as I am concerned before the country. At
the time I gave my approval to that act, when 1
saw the account in the newspapers of what the !
finding of the fact was and what the punishment
was, i do not think the Secretary would have done
his duty if he had suffered a court which made
such a finding to exist any longer to try any case.
I applauded him then as I applaud him now, and
so 1 did in the other case, for the facts were equally
welt known, all spread on the record and ap-
peared. What motive the officers could have had,
what particular influence they labored under, what
feeling existed on their part, I do not know, and
I presume the Secretary and the President did not
see fit to inquire. They acted, however, upon
evidence before them, and that this very court
furnished, and they acted wisely and justly, and
it was time, in my judgment, that some power
should be exerted to bring not only traitors, but
those who are almost if possible worse than trai-
tors, to justice, who are preying on the public
funds while they are holding office. That was
all that was done in that case, and it was neces-
sary by way of example. This is my answer.
To be sure the Secretary of War and the Presi-
dent did not see the witnesses, but they knew
what facts were found because they were spiead
upon the record, and were therefore quite as well
able to judge as the court-martial was, and very
much better able to judge than the court, because
they are both eminent lawyers and can judge of
the effect of evidence better than a meie military
court such as that was or such as would be likely
to be gathered together.
I have repeated this simply for the purpose of
again replying to what after all is the insinuation
of my honorable friend, that theip was wrong in
these cases on the pait of the Government. The
Government commits errors undoubtedly. Mr.
Stanton is not without lus faults; he docs not pie-
tend to be, any more than the rest of us; but that
he is a most faithful, and devoted, and true public
officer, trying to do his duty under immense diffi-
culties and with immense labors, I do believe; and
as far as a man can say he knows anything of such
a matter, I know. Certainly for an act like tins
which the public mind when it sees the facts must
appiove, he ought not to be called to account in
this way before the country.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, for myself I am
entirely indifferent as to the amendment, whether
it is adopted or not. I shall vote against the bill
whether it is adopted or not, and 1 propose to say
a few words in regard to it. i want to meet the
bill as a whole. 1 do not consider the bill altered
in the slightest degree by the amendment which
has been adopted^because the part that is left re-
tains in another form precisely the provisions
which have been stricken out; for the bill is that
it shall not be lawful for any member of Congress
" to receive or agree to receive any compensation
whatsoever, directly or indirectly, for any services
rendered or to be rendered to any person, either
by himself or another, m relation to any proceed-
ing, contract, claim, controversy, charge, accusa-
tion, arrest, or other matter or thing in which the
United States is a party." That covers every-
thing which has been stricken out in the first
clause, and prohibits members of Congress from
appearing as counsel anywhere in any matter m
which the United States is a party; and to that I
want to address myself for a few moments. _
This bill makes as a misdemeanor and punishes
as a crime, with a fine and imprisonment, the do-
ing of an act which our predecessor from the
foundation of the Government have constantly
dune, unchallenged and unrebuked either by the
press, public opinion, or anybody that I know of;
and, Mr. Piesident, let me say thatupon this sub-
ject I feci sensitive. I am an old olkmder in this
line, Of the little fame that belongs to so humble
a name as my own, no small share has been ac-
quired in precisely the transactions which this bill
proposes to punish as a misdemeanor with fine
and imprisonment. I remember, sir,some twelve
years ago or more, about the time of the passage
of the fugitive slave law, when the Go\etninent
with its iron heel was trying to trample upon the
humblest creatuies that walked God's earth in the
city of Boston, u was my proud lot to be called
by the friends of the humble and lowly fro-m my
home in New Hampshire to come down and stand
in the city of Boston between the oppressor and
his vktim.
That was a " matter," a "charge," an " accu-
sation, "and "an arrest" in which the Govern-
ment of the United States was a party; and, sir,
let me appeal to my honored fiiend who sits before
me, [Mr. Wilson.] Suppose at that time some
gentleman had come to lumand said to him, " Mr.
Wilson, we hope, m the progress of an enlight-
ened and philanthropic public opinion, to see such
a regeneration of the politics of this land as shall
place you one of the honored members of its
highest tribunal. We give it to you in charge
that the first thing you do when you get to the
Senate, shall be to use your influence to prevent
this pestilent fellow from New Hampshire from
coming down to the courts of the United States
here and standing between power and its vic-
tims." What would he have said ? Why, sir,
m the honest indignation of his heart, he would
have said, "Keep your rewards to yourselves
and let your gifts go to another, but I will main-
tain the consistency of my chaiacter, and the
puiity of my life, and the instincts of my manly
heart; I will be found in the Senate as I have been
found every where else, the foe of oppression, the
friend of right, and the vindicator of the inno-
cent."
And again, sir, I will tell you another case
where the United States Government was a party
to an "airest," a "charge," an "accusation."
The Government of the United States, under the
ci uel and arbitrary sway of the slave power, in the
madness of its power undertook to shut up Fan-
euil Hall and to punish as sedition the manly,
the noble, the Christian, and the godlike ntter-
ancesof such men as Theodore Parker and Wen-
dell Phillips. A prostituted grand jury, under
the lead of an arbitiary court, found an indict-
I ment in the circuit court of the United States
j for the district of Massachusetts, against Theo-
I dore Parker for seditious words spoken in Fan-
! etui Hall. lie was brought to a trial, and, sir, it
j was the lot of so humble an individual as myself
I again to go down and stand in the city of Boston
j between Fanmil Hall and the slave power, and to
j bid defiance to every attempt and every exertion
that they made to close its doors and silence its
eloquent utterances. 1 went there, and, God
helping me, triumphed. The cause of n^ht, of
free speech, of manly utterance triumphed even
in Boston, and by the judgment of the court itself
the Government was rebuked; the infamous at-
tempt was frustrated, and Libei ty again walked
erect, as she did in the eailier days of our his-
toiy, tlnough the streets of Boston. And, sir,
\\ hat would the Senator from Massachusetts have
said if the friends that elevated him to place and
power had come to him deprecating this action
and said to him, "We want the first act you do
when you take your seat on the floor of the Sen-
ate of the United States to be to make punishable
| with imprisonment and fine any appearance to
! defend anybody anywhere against any 4 arrest,'
'charge,5 or ' accusation,' wiseie the United States
is a party?" Sir, he would have sooner gone to
the place of departed spints than come into this
Senate upon any such price.
In legislating upon tins subject we ought tore-
member th.it parties fluctuate. The1 party that is
m power hero to-day, but a little while ago was
m a minoi ity. God knows that they may be in
a minority again. But,sir,minority ormajoiity,
if I know myself I will preserve in the humlde
sphere in winch i act a consistent recoid. No
man shall reproach me or those that I leave behind
me to whom my fame will be dear, the accusation
that in power 1 did one thing and out of power
another.
j Let me ask you again, sir, where is the neces-
! sity for any such legislation as this? Whatabuse
i lias been practiced? Any? if there has, 1 have
; nut known it. The most illustrious men that have
! sat in this body; nay, sir, the most illustrious
j men over the water, the great statesman and the
j threat Sawyer of England, 1 lefer to Lord Brough-
i am, commenced h:s caicer when he was a rnem-
j ber of the House of Commons in Great Britain,
i and acquired his fame by the zeal and the ability
| and the success with which he defended criminals
j agamstchargesbroughtby the Government. And
| in a later time, when tin- gigantic energies of the
1 British Government, with nil its power and ail its
patronage, were brought to bear upon the unfor-
tunate head of one poor woman, and she a for-
eigner, when she was made the victim, and the
whole power of the Crown and the Parliament
was brought to bear upon her, Lord Brougham,
to the honor of himself, to the everlasting honor
of the profession to which he belonged, stood un-
aided and alone breasting the storm with which
power and oppression would crush his female
client, a%d again he triumphed. Pass this bill,
sir, and you in substance declare that that glori-
ous exhibition, the most glorious to which human
power and human cloquencc ever ministered, and
all transactions like that should be punishable by
fine and imprisonment, and you thus cast a stig-
ma upon the noblest record of our race.
Sir, I know that it is easy to get up popular
clamor. Ever since I have known anything of
politics—and I have known as much of it in New
Hampshire as anywhere else—it has been fash-
ionable, constantly fashionable, to be throwing
out llings and insinuations against the character
of lawyers. I have known before to-day men
eminent in the profession who, when party spirit
ran high, and it was popular to indulge in such kind
of slang—I have known some of the honored heads
of the profession that have forgotten their man-
hood and their self-respect, and have given them-
selves up blind tools to the madness of party spirit.
Sir, I say it, I say it openly, a majority of the
members of this body are lawyers, a majority of
the other House, I think, are of the same profes-
sion; and from the earliest period of our history-
such has been the character, the bearing, the con-
duct of the legal profession that, in despite of cal-
umny, in despite of party jecis and taunts and
threats, they have kept on the even tenor of their
way, commanding the public confidence and the
public respect as no other class of the community
liave. And let me say, sir, that the history of the
legal profession in the worst of times has been
such as to vindicate, the justice of that confidence.
In bad times, in evil times, when might has tri-
umphed over light, when power has sought its
victims, and its*victims have suffered, who, in the
history of this country, in the history of Eng-
land, in the history of any country that had even
the semblance of a free constitution, have ever
stood up as the defenders of constitutional and
civil liberty like tins profession that it is now pro-
posed—I say it; 1 must speak as history will un-
derstand it—to ostiauze by the passage of such
a bill as this.
Sir, I shall vote against it, if I vote alone. I will
go fiom this Chamber, and from this life if it be
necessaiy, before I will consent by my vote to
pass a stigma upon the reputation of the illustri-
ous dead, or a reproach against the illustrious
living, Thcie is no necessity, there is no call
for it.
And now let me appeal again to the members
of this body that now constitute its majority.
What is your lustra y in respect to this very mat-
ter? Before the present paity came into power
there was no legislation u^on this subject; but
from the moment that you came into power the
legislation of this country seems to have pro-
ceeded upon the assumption that if there were
any scoundrels in the land, if there was anybody
that neither feared God nor regarded man, but
whose sole object was to filch from the Treasury,
it was members of Congress; and so your statute-
books are covered over with statutes making this
and that illegal, which before was not so adjudged
to be. Since I have been a member of this body 1
have seen week after werk, and month after month,
an advertisement in the journals of this city, the
! National Intelligencer and some others, of mera-
j bers of the Senate in high standing profiering their
' services to anybody that had claims against the
Government, or against any department of it, and
i at that time it excited no reproach. That has been
! condemned now, and against that condemnation
i I have not a word to say; but let me tell you that
| if you pass tin's act you virtually pass a sentence
j of condemnation against yourselves. It is a con-
j fession before the country that the integrity of a
! profession that has hitherto been above reproach,
' that has maintained itself in all time against pop-
; uiar clamoi, is now gone, that their self-respect
! is abandoned, and that it is necessary to guard
| their conduct even in matters which heretofore
ll have required no legislation at all with penal en-
actments of fine and imprisonment.
