1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his Government is now impeached. This war has devel-
oped many strange trails of character, but none more so than
such a trait as this."
The allegations which I have made in my an-
swer to contestant's notice in regard to his con-
duct and speeches in the canvass, were made to
show why the loyal people of the district voted
for me and against him, and in this view were
perfectly legitimate. They are fully sustained by
the proof in this case. I made them and others
to the contestant's face on the stump every day
when we catfvassed together for two months, and
he never once ventured to deny them. I charged
that at Calhoun lie urged that he ought to be
clected to Congress because he had the confidence
of both parlies, whereas I insisted that I had not
the confidence of both parties, but only of one,
and deemed it a fatal objection to a man to claim
that he had it of both. That at Owensboro'he
said, in referring to the beginning of these trou-
bles, " the South said this was an assault on
States rights, State laws, and State institutions,
and African slavery. We Union men denied it,
but it has come upon us, showing that they were
right and -we were wrong.'* That at Brownsville
he exhorted the people not to send their sons to
the Army to fight for radical principles which they
could not approve. That at various points he
would exhort the people to take their stand upon
the principles he would advocate, and fight both
North and South to sustain them. That at
Whitesville he stated that the rebels had ap-
proached-him and offered him their votes and all
the money he wanted to make the race on if he
would take a position against the war, said he de-
clined it, and claimed to himself credit in reject-
ing the proposition. I chargcd that he openly,
publicly, and privately sought the rebel vote ot'
the district, and boasted that he would receive it.
That a great majority of the votes he got were
those of rebels and rebel sympathizers. That he
and his friends and relations first asked for a
Wiion convention to make a nomination, pledged
himself to abide by it, bolted it a month before it
was held, boasting that he intended to bent the
nominee, and after it had met and made a nomina-
tion denounced it all over the district as a radical
abolition concern. These are the objections I urged
against him 011 the stump. These are the things
that disgusted the Union men of the district and
made them vote for me and against him. And
because I have used some of these things to illus-
trate the real characterof the canvass the minority
member makes it the occasion for the use of lan-
guage in this report which we would have more
naturally expected to hear in a police court. 1
omitted all allusion to these matters in the argu-
ment before the committee, as all the members
who heard the cose will attest, and as the dissent-
ing member would have known had he deigned
to give the case any attention there. I had 110 de-
sire to allude to them here. I certainly intended
not to do it, and now only do it in self-defense.
In referring to that remarkable order issued by
the contestant to his regiment, or rather to the
newspaper press of the State, and for which he
was dismissed from the service, the minority mem-
ber says, " But lawless fanatics in power and out
pursued him as a pack in full cry, and it is with
regret that the sitting member is found adding his
mouth to the trail. I believe, sir, I made but
one allusion tothatorder in the canvass. 1 have
made none in the record. It does not appear in
the record, nor does the persecution complained
of. 1 made 110 allusion to it in the debate before
the committee, and had intended to make none in
" the discussion here. And this is the justification
for my being thus officially blackguarded in this
manner. My fiist impulse was to pass this by in
silence as being the best measure of the contempt
it deserves. There is but one circumstance inclines
me to bestow any notice upon such language found
in an official report designed to advise arid en-
lighten this House upon a question affecting the
rights of a member and his constituency. That
circumstance is that he who found himself capable
of using such language is one of the official ad-
visers of the House, and is, in legal contempla-
tion, the official peer of other members. It ought
to have occurred to any one who knew something
of the proprieties of place and the amenities of
civilized life, that such epithets applied to a mem-
ber here would not convince gentlemen in the
House or out of it that the language was deserved,
but would rather indicate that its author was so
fitted and accustomed to " mouth the trail" with
" a pack in full cry" that he had fallen into the
innocent error of mistaking it for the natural vo-
cation of man. I offer this as the best apology
for this canine offense to the House.
I would scorn to complain of it as any injustice
to myself. I have had heavier metal, and cer-
tainly more polished shafts, aimed at me in times
past. I have survived them; 1 hope to survive
this. But what I do complain of is the insult to
this House, to thecommittee,and to all official and
parliamentary courtesy. Such language would be
offensive to polite ears and cultivated gentlemen if
used in the heat of debate. But to be deliberately
offered in printed form astherhetoricalornamenta-
tion of an official semi-judicial judgment, can only
be excused upon the ground of the most deplor-
able lack of culture and good taste. This is the
most agreeable solution.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are other matters
that occurred on Friday which I am constrained
to notice; and in the first place I will refer to some
matters alluded to in the argument of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees.] The gen-
tleman selected two cases designed to illustrate
to this House the character of this contest. One
was that of Robertson, who had heard Davis
say that he, Davis, had voted for mc.for certain
reasons. Davis was not sworn to prove that ho
said it, and no man is sworn to prove that even
if he did say it the charges alleged were true, or
that there was any military interference at that
precinct; and that is the sort of hearsay evidence
by which it is sought to unseat me here.
Another case referred to by thegentleman from
Indiana is a case where, as stated in the evidence,
four men presented themselves at the polls and
were not allowed to vote unless they would swear
to uphold the Administration. There are gentle-
men here who received the impression this had
been required by some orders to thateffect. Now,
sir, there were 110 such orders civil or military in
this case; it was merely the act of one judge, of
one peison, onone day, at one moment; nowhere
else, at 110 other time; and by whom is it proved ?
It is proved by a secessionist, who swears that
the men to whom it was done were secessionists.
Page 16 of record:
"Was Evny Uiiion man required to take the oaths you
have referred to ?
"Answer. Uf those who are called Union men, there was
not.
" What were the men whose votes you have spoken in
polities, or wiiat aie tiiey called?
'* Jlnswer. Tliey are called southern rights."
And, sir, who was it who committed this ir-
regulaiity which I regretted when I heard of it?
An upright man, a good citizen, an impulsive
man, a loyal man, a man who at that time carried
in hisface, yet carries, and will carry to his grave,
a rebel bullet that was fired at him on his own
threshold, in the presence of his own family, a
few months before the act complained of. Is there
no allowance to be made for the weakness of hu-
man nature? Is there no allowance for rebel out-
rage; no allowance for the torn, volcanic, unset-
tled, heated condition of society and of govern-
ment in the border States ? There are men in the
world who expect the machinery of society, of
government, and of the law to flow along as
smoothly in time of civil war as in the times of
peace. We know that it is impossible, and I am
pained to say that men rise upon this floor and
repeat and howl over the complaints of the men
and.the demons who have brought this great mis-
ery and woe on my State.
What else about some of these orders? In the
order of events the Legislature of Kentucky pre-
scribed a law disfranchising these men. Gov-
ernor Robinson issued his proclamation enjoin-
ing the officers of the election to enforce that law.
The witnesses called by the contestant in this
case show that in Owensboro' there was a con-
spiracy to defeat that law by rebels and secession-
ists; that threats were made to set aside the law
of Kentucky and the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor, and to vote m despite.and regardless of
them. It was in connection with those threats
that Colonel Foster was called to Owensboro'.
It was in connection with those threats which he
mentioned to me that I used the language in my
answer, "Whatever action you take, let it be as
mild as possible." I had 110 knowledge or in-
formation that he intended to issue an order.
What do these orders of Poster and Shackle-
ford state ? There areexpressions in them which
might have been omitted. What is their main
purport? They declare that they were issued to
enforce the laws of Kentucky. They declare
that they were issued to protect Union men and
to prevent rebel disturbances. " None but loyal
citizens will act as officers of the election." The
law of Kentucky formerly said that these officers
of election should be divided among the two great
parties of the State without calling them Whigs
and Democrats. When the rebellion broke out
an amendment was passed for the purpose of con-
struing that law, that those opposed to the Gov-
ernment and the Union and in favor of tho rebel-
lion should not for the purposes of the law be
held a«d considered to be one of the political par-
ties of the State. Therefore the practical opera-
tion was that Union men, loyal men, under the
law of Kejitucky were appointed as judges of tho
election. The military orders practically applied
the law of Kentucky on the suoject.
What else?
" No one will be allowed to offer himself as n candidate
for office, or be voted lor at said election, who is not 111 all
things loyal to the State and,Federal Governments, and ill
favor of a vigorous prosecution of the war for the suppres-
sion of the rebellion."
Be that right or wrong, upon whom did it op-
erate? The contestant in tins case and the mi-
nority report claim that it could not operate upon
him. They both affirm that he stood upon the
same principle I did; and though 1 deny that, yet,
as they claim and affirm it, they are estopped from
objecting to the order, for I am sure it could not
apply to one of my position in that campaign.
"The judges of election will allow no one to vote at said
election unless he ih known to them to be an undoubtedly
loyal citizen, or nnless he shall first take the oath required
by the laws of the State of Kentucky."
Do you hear that? Where there is no doubt
of their loyalty the judges are to allow them to
vote; but where there is doubt they shall vole by
talcing the oath prescribed by the law of Kentucky.
In regard to some of the things said here on last
Friday by the contestant, uud which I regretted,
and which I had never intended to lug into this
discussion, I desire to make a passing allusion.
He said that in the spring of 18611 corresponded
with a committee of secessionists with a view of
making the race for Congress. He bandied that
thing all over the second congressional district,
and I everywhere denied it, and the people re-
sponded with a majority for me of 5,224. What
are the facts ? I was requested to make the race
for Congress by gentlemen who saidf they were
Union men on the basis of the Crittenden com-
promise. They afterwards turned secessionists,
and now to-day I am to be held responsible for
their changes.
He read from a paper an extract setting forth
my political principles in 1861, which he says I
submitted to them, and in that paper the language
occurs that I was opposed to a war of subjugation.
I used that language, and this House used that
language two months afterwards, in July, lb(il.
He said he did not have all that paper. He did
not have it all because he did not want it. He
could have procured it all as easily as he obtained
the extract, and he read that part only which he
thought would injure me in this House. Had he
read all it would nave turned out thatat that early
day I announced myself uncompromisingly op-
posed to secession. While I did use the language
to which thegentleman refers,I also announced
that I was for all the men and all the money ne-
cessary to defend the Government, to defend the
public property, and execute the laws wherever
the Government was in possession. The proof
shows it. It shows my position was too strong
for those who wanted me to run, and that I re-
fused to run in any event.
But as the gentleman has undertaken to resur-
rect these things, and has thrown the wager of
battle, he shall have it. He has alluded to a cele-
brated secession meeting held at Owensboro'.
He will remember that when he attempted to in-
troduce these things into the records of this case
that I objected, and that the judge sustained the
objection. I thereupon challenged him to amend
his notice of contest; that I would amend my an-
swer, and then we would bring in all this trash
about the personal history of both men. He
1 promptly declined the proposition. Had he ac-
i cepted the challenge I should have alleged and
