1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 12,
for the purpose of overthrowing this rebellion
•and reestablishing the authority of the Govern-
ment.
There may be some peace men on this side of
the House, as the gentleman- from Ohio [Mr.
Long] has avowed himself to be, and as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Fernando Wood]
has avowed himself to be. There may be some
men (I cannot designate them myself) who are,
per se, disunionists, and have been these many
years; because we know that there are such in the
North as well as in the South; and we know that
"there are some men who claim now to be, par
excellence, the Union men of the country, who
doubt the loyalty and patriotism of every man
who happens to differ with them; and yet but a
few years ago they were "singing psalms" to
disunion. But a few years ago they were pray-
ing for disunion, simply because there happened
to exist in the country an institution that was ob-
noxious to their sensibilities, and their opinion
of right. Sir, I have no confidence in the Union-
ism of such men; and when I see them sneaking
arouftd this Capitol, with the blood of this rebel-
lion smelling upon their garments and dripping
from their skirts, I cannot repress that indigna-
tion which every true patriot ought to feel against
all those who have been in any way instrumental
at any time in inciting, promoting, or in any way
encouraging this rebellion.
Sir, I refer to the radical abolitionists of the
John Brown and Phillips school, who have never
manifested any respect for the laws or any love for
the Constitution of their country, and I take this
occasion to say that the country has almost as
much to fear from the example and teachings
of these radicals as from the rebels who are in
arrnsalmost within sight of this Capitol. Sir, we
have traitors in the North as well as in the South.
But 1 thank God I have believed and still believe
that they are few in number outside of the rebel-
lion. The Republican party proper 1 have looked
upon as an anti-slavery party in the just sense
of the term, and according to those principles
which were avowed by such men as Washington,
Jefferson, and Madison, and other fatheis of the
Republic when they laid the foundations of free
goveinmenton this continent. They were anti-
slavery then; they legended the institution of sla-
very as a great evil, and under the Constitution
and according to the forms of law they looked to
and desired its gradual extinction in tins country.
But they were willing to leave this question to
the patience, the sound judgment, and the putt i-
otismof(heir posterity; and but for those pestif-
erous men, the radical abolitionists of the Noi th
and the secessionists of the South, so long work-
ing in cooperation, ami aiming at the same ob-
ject, our unhappy country might have been saved
this bloody ordeal, endangeung the very exist-
ence of the Government, causing so many tears
to flow and so many hearts to bleed in every nook
and corner of the country.
But the great middle class, of which we are the
Representatives, the middle men of all parties,
Republican and Democratic, in the loyal States,
ay, mid in the disloyal States too, are true to the
core. They can come up to the dignity of the
subject. They can appreciate and do appreciate
the importance of the restoration and salvation of
the Government. All that they desire is mote of
broad and liberal stau smanship on the part of the
leaders of their respective parties, to unite, come
together,and pull up by the roots this accursed re-
bellion, and restore peace to the land.
Mr. Speaker, I hold in my hand a document
which 1 believe 1 will read before I take my seat.
It is from the pen of the present Chief Magistrate
of the nation. I know he is not regarded as very
good authority with some of my friends around
me, and 1 cannot say that he is the best authority
with me on all questions. But I think this is one
of the soundest papers that he has written since
he came into power. I thought so at the time I
first read it. I think so yet. And I do not see
why every loyal man may not come up to this
standard, it isa letteraddressed to Horace Gree-
ley some eighteen months ago. I know that mat-
ters have advanced considerably since this letter
was written. Though not being a very progres-
sive man, still I have kept advancing "step by
step to the music of the union," and I have at
all events, I believe, got up to this letter. I will
read it for the benefit of my Democratic friends,
who seem to be listening to me with such patient
attention:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, Jiugust 22, 1862.
Dear Sir: I have just read yomsofihe 19th. addressed
to myself through the New York Tribune. It" there be any
statements or assumptions of fact winch I may know to be
erroneous, I do notnow and here controvert them If there
be in it any inferences which I may beheve to be falsely
drawn, 1 do not now and here argue against them. If
there be perceptible in it an impatient and dictatorial tone,
I waive it in deference to an old friend whose heart I have
always supposed to be right.
As to the policy I "seem to be pursuing," as you say,
I have not meant to leave any one in doubt. I would
save the Union. I would save it the shot test way under
the Constitution. The sooner the national authority can
be restoied the nearer the Union will be ie the Union as it
was." It there be those who would not save the Union
unless they could at the same tune save slavery, I do not
agree with them. If there be those who would not save
the Union unless they could at the same time destroy
slavery, I do not agree with them. My paramount object
in this struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to
save or to destroy slavery. If I could save the Union
without fieeing any slave I would do it; and if I could save
it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could
save it by freeing some and leaving others alone, i would
also do that. What I do about slavery and the colored
race, I do because f believe it helps to save this Union;
and what I forbear, I forbear because I do not believe it
would help to save the Union. I shall do less whenever I
shall believe what! am doing hurts the cause, and I shall do
more whenever I shall believe doing more will help the
cause. 1 shall try lo cotrect errors when shown to be
eirors ; and i shall adopt new views so fast as they shall
appear to be true views.
i have here stated my purpose according to my view
of official duty; and I intend no modification of my oft-
expiesscd crsonul wish that all men everywhere could be
free.
Yours, A. LINCOLN.
Hon. Horace Greeley.
I believe I might put that to the vote of my
honorable friends around me, and that with the
exception of the honorable gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Harris,] and perhaps the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, whose case we have under
consideration, it would get a universal '* ay."
1 do not think that my friends on the Republican
side will back down from so broad and liberal a
policy as is indicated in that letter.
Mr. Speaker, one word further, and I am done.
I have referred to the immense inteiests at stake
in the struggle that is now going on between this
Government and those who a re in rebellion against
it. Defeat to us is eternal, everlasting disgrace,
and dishonor to ourselves and our children. We
must succeed. It cannot be otherwise.
In the mighty struggle which we suppose is
now impending, when a more terrible crash of
arms will be felt than any that has yet taken place
dining this terrible strife, suppose that accom-
plished general, the most accomplished, perhaps,
of all the generals on cither side, at least equal lo
any in military skill and prowess, Robert E. Lee,
should beatdown our forces and drive them back
across the Potomac; what then? Are our hearts
to sink within us, are we to give up the struggle
in despair? Suppose this capital is taken, sup-
pose the President, at the other end of theavenue,
is compelled to remove a few hundred miles fur-
therNorth,and this Congress is compelled to go
elsewhere for the purpose of holding its sessions.
Suppose the Potomac is crossed, the Chesapeake
reached? Suppose Baltimore is taken? Suppose
they march to the Susquehanna, and pass vic-
torious through Maryland and Pennsylvania, will
you then be contented to give up the struggle?
Never, never! Stand by your flag! Stand by
yourConstitution ! Rally the powerand strength
of the loyal States, that have not yet exhibited
themselves. Bringoutyourmiddleclassos; bring
out your gray-headed and gray-bearded men, and
put the Union at last upon its real trial.
Will it take a year longer; two years longer;
five years longer ? What are years in the history
of a nation; what is time; what is money; what
is blood, compared to the preservation and sal-
vation of a Government like this? Will you
say that we have already lost $2,000,000,000;
that we have already lost five bundled thousand
men,and that you are therefore ready to acknowl-
edge the effort to save the Union a failure? Sir, here
are five hundred thousand more of our sons to be
sacrificed, and here is a Government to be saved.
Which is of most value, $2,000,000,000 and five
hundred thousand men for putting down this rebel- !
lion, or this Government ? Will you weigh these
sacrifices against the preservation of liberty and
free institutions, for ourselves, our posterity, and
all who shall make America their happy home? i
God forbid ! God forbid! We will not give it up,
let the war last five years or ten yeais. We will
continue it as long as any power remains in this
Government. And if I could send the same spirit
to those beautiful children with which God has
blessed me, it would desccnd to them from, sire to
son, until that flag which is now streaming from
the dome of this Capitol shall wave over every
portion of this once happy country, as the flag
of a free, powerful, happy, and redeemed people.
Sir, if we do not bnng ourselves out of these
troubles, if we are so degenerate as to permit a
Government like this to die; if we are such de-
generate sons of noble sires as to shrink from and
give up such a contest, we shall deserve all the
curses that will fall upon us. Let us fight on,
trusting in that Providcnce which sustained our
ancestors. We are in His hands, and if we are
so unworthy of the trust that has been placedin
us as basely to surrender it up, God will see to
it that this nation was not born so soon to die.
Look at the bright destiny that awaits this
country if we can get over the dark and stormy
sea that lies before us. Look at the West, at the
father of waters, upon which it is my good for-
tune to live, and a larger, brighter, and richer
heritage than that which lies cast of that mighty
stream is beyond. Even during the present ses-
sion of Congress we have admitted three new
States which the enterprise and energy of our
sons have "already rendered populous, extending
to the base of the Rocky mountains. In Nevada
and Colorado and California are to be developed
untold riches, which of themselves will be the
means of relieving us from the burdens which
will have been brought upon us in consequence
of this cruel and unnatural war. Let us come
out of it, and let the angel of peace once more
spread his bright wings over the. continent, over
a free and united people, and the energy of our
masses will he revived anew. Like a young giant
they will spring up at a bound; their eneigtes
renewed, their hopes inspired, their prospects
brightened, they will go forward in the enjoyment
of peace, of free institutions, and with a success
altogether unknown to them in our previous his-
tory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
ask but a minute or two longer.
Mr. ELDRiDGE. There is no objection on
this side of the House to the gentleman havihg
the additional time he asks.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
I will not detain the House at this late hour. That,
sir, is the bright day to which I look. That is
the question to which my vision turns. I want
to see this disastrous war brought to an honor-
able close, and these difficuUiesadjusted free fiom
prejudice, and by a liberal, enlightened, wise, and
philanthropic policy that will enable the people
of all the States to meet once more in counsel to-
gether upon terms of fraternity and equality, and
consult dispassionately and sensibly in legard to
the true interests of themselves and their poster-
ity. Burying in oblivion the sad memories of the
last few years, purified by the misfortunes and
calamities which unhappily have overtaken us,
and relying with unshaken confidence upon that
good Providcnce who watched over the great Re-
public in its infancy, and a bright destiny still
awaits the American people. Our American na-
tionality preserved, and with a name known and
honored as heretofore throughout all the earth,
our Government will be at once the envy and ad-
miration of mankind. Beneath the broad segis
of a free Constitution and equal laws, with the
States and the General Government working in
harmony under the influence of well-adjusted and
appropriately balanced powers, our country will
be the home and the asylum of all who seek to
cast their lot wheie men are protected in all their
rights, and where all the avenues to honor, to
fame, and to usefulness are open to the humblest
citizen who has energy and virtue and talent to
recommend him.
Let our watchword be upward and onward,
and even during the present generation of men
we shall behold our Government the fust among
the nations of the earth. Wearing the proud title
of American citizen, the rights ot the humblest
man will be respected in every part of the habit-
able globe. And looking to our hitherto unpar-
alleled advancement in all the elements of national
