2582
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 80,
proved.that he acted as an officer of that secession
meeting of which he spoke.
I read from our village paper of that day:
Ji Card from Captain McHenry*
Sir: I desire to say through your columns that the reso-
lutions adopted at the mass-meeting of the citizens last
week at the court-house, and of which meeting I was the
secretary, do not altogether meet my approval, and, as a
whole, 1 cannot indorse them. I expressed my disapproval
of them at the time and did not vote on the passage of them.
As I was one of the officers of that meeting I take the
liberty of making this announcement.
JOHN II. McHENRY, Jr.
Editor Southern Shield.
"Mass-Meeting in Owensboro'.—At a large mass-
meeting held in Owensboro3 on Wednesday, the 17th in-
stant, Thouias Pointer was called to the chair, and John
H. McHenry, jr., appointed secretary,"
The following are some of the resolutions
adopted:
"Resolved, That Kentucky should dissolva her connec-
tion with the Government of the States known as the United
States of America, and resume the powers delegated to that
Government.
" Resolved, That Kentucky should unite herself with the
confederate States of America.
"Resolved, That we instiuct our representatives upon
their assembling to immediately place this State upon war
footing.
" Resolved, That the Legislature ought as soon as con-
vened to order the calling of a convention.
"T. H. POINTER, Chairman.
"J. II. McHenry, Jr., Secretary.-' ■
I would have alleged and given in evidence, also,
that he made one of the most violent speeches at
that meeting, offering the power of his right arm
and the price of his blood to the cause of the rev-
olution. Iwould have alleged and given in evi-
dence that he afterwards helped to drill secession
soldiers recruiting in our district*, and after I had
done these things I perhaps should have left a
doubt upon the minds of some gentlemen in this
House whether he was, under existing laws,
eligible to a seat in this House.
Mr. McHENRY. I am glad the gentleman
has had candor and fairness enough about him
read a card I published in a paper in connection
with the proceedings of that convention. The
gentleman knows, and all his friends and our con-
stituents know, that I ncvcrentertained any such
principles as those set forth in those resolutions.
I disapproved of them at the time, and expressed
my disapprobation, and the only thing left for me
to do was to publish it in a card. The reason I
did not vote against them was, I thought it not
prudent to do 30. There was only one person
in that large assemblage of furious, fiery, and
drunken men that dared to vote against them, and
he was saved from injury fur doing so only by
his gray hairs.
In reference to the drilling of men who subse-
quently went South, the gentleman understands
as well as I do that in the border slave States any-
body who knew anything about military matters
was drilling men all over the States. I drilled
into the gentleman himself all the military knowl-
edge he ever had, and I am sorry that he has con-
vcrtt d that knowledge to no better purpose. And
those men who did go South I had an opportunity
to d j ill in a very diffeicnt waya short time after-
wards,
Mr. GRINNELL. I ask the gentleman whether
he was the secretary of that meeting.
Mr. McHENRY. Iactedinthatcapacity. I will
state that that meeting was not culled with a view
of passing any such resolutions as those. When
I took my seat at the secretary's table I under-
stood that the meeting was called simply for the
purpose of organizing a home-guard of the mili-
tia of the town and county. But the secessionists
got control of the meeting and passed the resolu-
tions. The strongest friends of the sitting mem-
ber in that meeting, men who voted for him and
made speeches for him, sustained those very reso-
lutions in that meeting, and some of them are the
strongestUnion men in that section of the country.
Mr. YEAMAN, I was about to allude to the
personnel o( that meeting. Where are the men
who officiated as officers and speakers at that meet-
ing? One of them who had spoken only to allay
excitement expressed himself to a friend as they
,walked out of the court-house, u My dear sir, we
have committed a mistake here to-night, and we
will regietit." A few months after that he joined
a Union regiment and led it gallantly at the battle
ofShiloh, where lie was felled to the earth by a
ball in his side, and leturucd to-my town to re-
sume his profession, and acted as clerk of the
Union convention which gave me a unanimous
nomination for Congress. One of them is assum-
ing to be the second representative from my dis-
trict in the bogus congress at Richmond; one is a
confederate prisoner on Johnson's island, and one
is here to-day contesting my seat.
The contestant undertook to volunteer the sug-
gestion, when he alluded to that meeting, that if
I had been there I too would have gone off to
Dixie. Where was I on that day ? Thirty miles
away in a neighboring county, filling a previous
appointment, and making a strong Union speech
in reply to a strong secession speech from John
W. Crockett, who a few months afterwards helped
to organize the bogus provisional government of
Kentucky, and a few months afterwards took his
seat in the confederate congress I The contestant
says that he made a speech early in the canvass,
and thathis position was misrepresented,and that
he issued a circular to make a correction. I re-
mained quiet until I thought it proper for me to
speak, lest my silence might be improperly con-
strued, I did speak, and I will read a few words
from my circular to the people of the second con-
gressional district of Kentucky, dated Owens-
boro', May 16, 1863:
" T make my statement upon my own knowledge and
responsibility, and if any gentleman thinks he c;m enhance
his political prospect^ by contradicting it, let him make the
expeiiment. I challenge a contradiction, and will pay no
attention to anything less in the form of suggestions or ex-
planations.
"At Calhoun Colonel McHenry spoke first, lie reviewed
at length the secession conspiracy and the rebel movement,
and condemned them, avowing-himsolf for the Union and
against the theory of secession as a political principle in
government." * * * * "In regard to him-
self he claimed that hi* election was necessaiy to indorse
his conduct in the promulgation of his oider, and to lebuke
the Administration lor his dismissal, and further urged his
election upon the ground that he was acceptable to both
parties, < having the respect and esteem of both Union men
and southern rights men.'
" He advocated the holding of a national convention, and
then commented in an impressive maimer upon the hor-
lors of war and the blessing*? of pence. IVace upon hon-
orable terms was. very desirable, and asked the question:
'llow can thus be accomplished?' 1 can give not only
the substancc of his answer, but my memory and my notes
will not vary materially fiom Ins own language: * Let
theie beau annistke,a suspension of hostilities, and, if
necessaiy, a witluhawal of the armies ; leteommissioners
be appointed fiom the seceded States and fiom our own
Government; let them meet and discuss this tiling and ar-
range it if they can, and if they cannot agieo they may
call in the mediation of some loieign friendly Power, or
refer it to this convention, or settle it in some other way."
1 £ I spoke next. I urged that though the proclamation arid
the abolition policy vvi-ie wiong and a great calamity, the
war against the rebellion must be prosecuted,neveitheless !"
* * A A " That military  ucce-vs was the fust
thing needed, for at pyrin\t. if was ptuely a nulitaiy ques-
tion. 1 alluded to an tumistice, commissioners, mediators,
&c., and made an earnest and distinct aiguinenl against
them. This clicitcd no reply or explanation from Colonel
McHenry at the time.,y * ^ A v * *
u Colonel McIIenry was the first candidate, and, so lar
as I know, the first man in the district to demand or ask for
a convention. 'He was present and consented to the calling
of a convention. He told the editor of a Union paper in
the distuct to announce him, subject to the convention,
which was inadvertently omitted, lie agreed to abide the
decision ot that convention, lie sought the nomination of
that convention. II seveial gentlemen are not sadly mis-
taken hfeveiy soon began to consider whether lie should
not bolt the convention; and now 111 a eaid, dated just one
month 111 advance of its meeting and wlnle professing to
believe honestly that he is ' the choice of the Union men
of the distiiet/he yet' respectfully declines submitting to
the action of the convention.5 I did not demand a con-
vention, I always consented it might he called, I agiced
to abide by its decision, and I yet abide by that agree-
ment."
With that challenge for conttadiction outstand-
ing, the contradiction never came, either on the
stump or in printed form, and the only objection
I ever heard to that circular of mine was among
my own friends, who complained that I did not
state the facts as strongly as they existed.
Allusion has been made to the vote of the sol-
diers. The proof shows that there were some
fifty soldiers who voted in my congressional dis-
trict. I verily believe that there were not over
one hundred who voted. It is said that they voted
for me. They did vote for me. I am proud of
it, and I leave it to the House to say whether they
had not good reason for so doing.
Allusion has been made by the contestant to
the smile which he says illumined my counte-
nance when he applied to me to get somebody's
horse released from impressment. Sir, I do not
remember the smile. I presume the smile was
thrown in by way of ornament, or perhaps the
contestant happened to approach me when I had
just got my own horse free from impressment,
not because of any political considerations, but
because my wife and children loved old Charlie,
and because he was too old and stiff to do cavalry
service. That may have accounted for the smile,
and it may be that he found me that day not in a
mind to help him to save the horseflesh of his
rebel friends who voted for him, as he has boasted
on this floor, only five days after he had tried to
stir up violence and hostile demonstrations against
me in a rebel precinct in our own county, as is
proved by one of the depositions in this case, by
making inflammatory appeals to them, based on
false statements of my conduct in helping to arm
and organize the home-guards of the county to
defend ourselves against the enemies of the Union,
of the Government, and of all law. And he got
his reward at that precinct, which is proved in
the record to be largely secession, by beating me
two to one there; and he got his reward in the
neighboring precinct of Yelvington, the political
Charleston of our county, by beating me four to
one there.
Mr. Speaker, I now desire to read that which
is the only thing I had intended to offer to the
House in this case, some estimates, figures, and
extracts from the record: the vote in August, 1863,
was 11,398; of which I received 8,311, and Mc-
Henry received 3,087, making my majority 5,224.
In 1861, before anybody had gone to the war on
eitherside,thetotalvotein the counties now com-
posing that district was 14,665. The district after-
wards furnished 5,714 Union troops, according
to the official account, and about2,200 rebel troops
according to the evidence. The whole number
of men in the district who refused to vote on
account of the oaths required, giving the largest
effect to hearsay evidence, second-hand state-
ments, and guesses, was 77; and the total num-
ber who arc really proved by competent evi-
dence to have refused to vote on account of oaths
required was 17; and some of these refused
to take the oath prescribed by the law of Ken-
tucky. The precincts where any interference is
attempted to be proved are Owensboro,' Curds-
ville, Oakford, Murray, Walnut Bottom, Hen-
derson, Sacramento, Myers's Mill, Skylesville,
Greenville,the Point. Strike out the vote of these
precincts and it leaves me 7,024, and leaves the
contestant, McHenry, 2,909, still leaving my
majority in the district 4,115. Exchange the
vote, give him mine and give me his at these
precincts, and I have 7,212, and McHenry has
4,09G, leaving my majority 3,016. Strike out the
vote of the entire counties in which these pre-
cincts are and 1 have 6,178, and McHenry has
2,306, leaving my majority 3,872.
Decidedly the largest vote ever cast in the twelve
counties composing the second district was in the
Umngular race for President between Bell, Doug-
las, and Breckinridge m 1860, when the whole
number of votes cast was 15,236. Make that
election the basis, and give me the votes I got in
August, 1863, 8,311, and give contestant all the
balance, 6,925, and my majority is 3,386.
At tin: election for delegates to the border State
convention in the same counties in 1861 the vote
was 13,328. Upon the same plan, giving me the
vote I got in August, 1863, and contestant all the
balance, and my majority is 2,294.
At the congressional election in June, 1861, tho
vote in the same counties was 14,665. My ma-
jority of this vote, estimated in the same way,
would be 1,957.
In the second district in June, 1861, before
nearly eight thousand men had gone out, the
vote of James S.Jackson (Union candidate) was
9,281; the vote of J. T. Bunch (secesh) was
3,364, making a total of 5,917.
At Lhe speciai election in Octobcr, 1862, to fill
a vacancy, the entire vote for myself and E. R.
Weir, as loyal a man as breathes the air of Ken-
tucky, was 4,027. So that iny majority in Au-
gust, 1863, exceeded the entire vote of October,
1862, by 1,197. *
The evidence shows itl all about 7,916 soldiers
to have gone out on both sides. These were not
all voters. Deduct twenty-five percent, for mi-
nors and it would leave as absent from the dis-
trict 5,937 voters. Cast all the balance, as shown
by any fair estimate, give me 8,311 and the contest-
ant the remainder, and I beat him 3,172. But
this is not a fair estimate. It is supposing all
