1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2583
the votes to be polled, which never occurs, and
is giving the contestant nil the non-voters, which
surely would not have occurred.
Professor Lieber, in-a chapter based on a vast
research of the statistics of elections in countries
both of limited and of universal suffrage, and hav-
ing special reference to the United States, says:
" If the number of qualified voters exceeds several thou-
sand, one half of it is geneially a fair number fortheaetual
voters; two thirds shows an animated state of tilings, and
three fourths an evidence of great excitement.1'
The history of this district shows that at the
presidential election in 1860 twenty-five per cent,
of the voters staid away from the polls; m May,
1861, for border State delegates, thirty-seven per
cent.; for Congress, in June, 1861, thirty per
cent. There are no figures for August, 1861, but
we will say twenty-five per cent. This leaves
out this contested case and the special election in
October, 1862, when the vote was confessedly
small.
Then at four elections, in'times of high political
excitement and while there was a full voting pop-
ulation at home, the average of non-voting citi-
zens was twenty-nine per cent., nearly one third.
Take the highest number of white male adults
shown on the auditor's books for any one year,
21,170. Say "that from alfenage, recent removals,
and other causes, 500 of these could not vote, an
estimate conceded by contestant, leaving on aud-
itor's books 20,670. For fear of under-estima-
ting the number of minors among the volunteers
and the number of discharged and returned sol-
diers, we will say there were absent from the dis-
trict on election day only 3,000. That leaves in
the district 17,670 as the voting population of the
district on the day of election. Deduct from this,
not the largest per cent, nor the average per cent.,
but the smallest per cent., one fourth, that ever
staid away from the polls in that district, 4,417
and it leaves as the probable vote for August
1863, 13,253; number really cast, 11,398; appa-
rent deficit, 1,855.
How is this deficit accounted for? In the first
place there are many rebels in that district who
are too consistent and too honest to vote for any-
body to comc to this Congress, deeming them-
selves citizens of the confederacy. And then it
is in proof that large numbers of them could not
vote and did not offer to vote under the law of
Kentucky and Governor Robinson's proclama-
tion. But cast the whole vote, 13,253; give me
what I got, 8,311, and the contestant all the bal-
ance, 4,942, and my majority is 3,367.
I desire to add another remark about two small
precincts that were selected to give a false color-
ing to this whole case—Vanovers, where one man
is said to have said certain things, and Curdsville,
where four sympathizers were required to take
an oath which their polities and the resentment of
an intensely loyal man may have suggested as
proper. The strict rule of law is to take from my
vote, or add to the contestant's, that number. The
widest rule is not to condemn the whole election,
nor the poll of the whole county, but only of the
precincts where irregularities occurred. Con-
cerning the recent election in Maryland a minor-
ity report was made to the Legislature of that
State by some of the members belonging to that
political party supposed to have been wronged
by certain orders, from which I take the follow-
ing language:
"Tliis net of illegal and violent interfeienee with Ihe
election meets with the unqualified condemnation of the
. underMoned, as an act of gloss, usmpation and wiong; but
they cannot understand why this closing of one piccinct
out of fifteen in the eonnty should invalidate the whole
election, unless it could he also strnvn that the closing ol
said polls defeated the choice of the voters of said county,
whicli the testimony hy no means Mi: tains.
"At a inaioiity of the other precincts tlicic was more oi
loss of military interference, appearing mainly to ho <lo-
M-ned to impair the vote of Mr. Cusficlrl and to promote
the election ofMr. Creswell, opposing candidates tor Con-
nies'!, without aiminB especially at any other candidate,
except by one John Vf. Dav.*, provo.t marshal atTjaskin
nrecinet; who was willing that any voter should vote tor
whom lie pleased,provided the voter would vote oi pronn-e
to vote for liiro for slienff. But he dues not seem to have
received many votes; nor does it appear that many, it air.,
voters were 'excluded from the polls at that precinct. At
some of the piecincts there was little or no interference.
"In the cases before you it is unquestionably true that
no fraud, violence, or otner illegalities were prompted, in-
stigated, or practiced by the &uccesslul candidates, or by
or through any of their friends, agencies, or means, or in
any way intended to promote their election.
I would the same fairness and candor could be
practiced here. Apply that rule, and you will
have excluded from the count less than an aggre-
gate of two hundred votes; still leaving me the
county and leaving me the district by over five
thousand votes. 1 will now ask the Clerk to read
som6 extracts from the evidence.
The Clerk read, as follows:
A. L. Morton, clerk of courtatHartford,saye,
page 161 of printed record:
" I do not know of any military interference in the coun-
ty. I think there was but one man's vote questioned; he
refused to tako the oath, consequently he did not vote at
the tune; but he afterwards voted, and voted forMcHenry.
This man was D. S. Stevens." * * * *
" Has he, or not, always been considered a secessionist?
" Answer. He belongs to what is called the southern-
rights party.
" Did, or not, every secessionist and rebel in this pre-
cinct vote without being requiied to take any oath?
" Answer. Every one voted that wished to. I heard of
no one that was required to take any oath except D. S. Ste-
vens; and he voted without taking any oath, so I have
been told.
"Did you ever know a fairer election in Ohio county
than the last August election?
llAnswer. 1 never knew a fairer election than the Au-
gust election in this county.
" How many soldiers voted at the Hartford precinct ?
"Answer. I do not know of more than live or six. I
have examined the poll-books, and did not sec any more
that I knew. There may probably have been two or three
that I did not know." ******
"IIow did the secessionists vote for Congressmen in Ohio
county ?
"Answer. I do not know how all ofthem voted. I know
of no one that voted but what voted for Mclienry."
**********
" Did you, or not, ride about a great deal over the county?
and state whether or not any one was prevented from vo-
ting in Ohio county by any military order or military inter-
ference.
"Answer. I was In several precincts in the county be-
fore the election, and was always of the opinion that Yea-
man would carry the county. I know of no one that was
prevented from votinc by any military orders or military
mterfcrcncc of any kind."
I-I. M. Woodruff says of Owensboro', page 8:
" Dul not the election pais off very quietly, and was any
person interrupted hy the few soldiers who were pie&cnt
on the couit square ?
"Answer. The election was a remarkably quiet one, and
I saw or heard no interruptions of citizens by the soldiers."
John R. O'Bryansays of Knottsville, page 13:
" Was there any interruption of the voting by the sol-
diers ?
"■Answer. None that I ever heard of or saw.
« Wa* there any restriction upon the voting that day?
"Answer, None that I know of."
John A. Robertson says of Vanover's, page 18:
" Were there any soldiers present, and what regiment
did thpy belong to?
"Answer There were soldiers present, and belonged to
the third Kentucky cavalry, most of them.
" Were these soldier guarding the polls, of were they
on fin lough ? „ ,
"Answer. Thev did not disturb the polls. Someofthem
said they were on fuilough, and that they came there to
vote."
A. C. Sutherland says of Murray's, page 19:
" Were there soldiers at the polls ? ^
"Answer. Two men came there in soldier's uniform with
muskets, and voted and went away. They did not take
any further pan in the election." * * * *
" Was the Wickiiffe ticket scratched off; was Mcllen-
ry's nameeiased?
"Answer. 1 do not know whether Wicklifle's name was
scratched off or not. I know McIIemy's was  not."
J. C. Ashby says of Boston, page 20:
a Was tlieie a full vote polled at your precinct ?
"Answer. Not a lull vote, but as huge as has been polled
since the rebellion commenced.'5 * * * *
" Wa«! there a free and fy#r vote ior Colonel Mclienry.
"Answer. I heard of no objections made to anybody vo-
ting for him."
Elijah Iloclter, page 42:
" Wheie is your voting precinct? and s*tato if any unfair-
ness was earned on in that piccinct by soldiers or any one
C ^"Answer. My voting piecinct is lUrtlmd. There \va->
none that I saw."
J. L. Render says of the same town and coun-
ty, page 43:
" Was there or not a full vole given in Ohio county at
the la-t August election?
"Ansvcr. 1 do not know what vote was cast.
" Wa-? thf'ie any unfun iip^ in conducting said election,
by soldiers or any one el-e?
"Ansitcr. I saw no uniaiincs-s by soldiers or anyone
elirC ; everybody was allowed to vote. I voted at the Hart-
ford precinct."
Edmund Roach says of Adams Fork, page 59:
" Were nil the Mclienry men required to take tho oath ?
"Answer. No, they were not. I voted for JVIcHenry my-
self, and many others ale>o voted lor him, who were not re-
quired to take the oath.
" Waa there a full vote taken at the Adams Jjoikpre-
' "'Vin-.it'cr. t do not know whethn theic was oi not; but
I think the voters were nearly all .there, and nearly all
voted.
"Didthe soldiers interfere with the election?
"Anstoer. Not that I saw or heard. The soldiers were
more peaceable than the citizens. I saw some of them vote;
they were all citizens of the precinct that I saw vote.
" Was there any person called a secessionist or south-
ern rights man in that precinct who voted for Yeaman?
State if they did not all vote for MeHenry. '
"Answer. I saw none called secessionists, but what voted
for Mclienry. 1 know of none such who voted for Tea-
man."
J. H. Reno says of Muhlenburg county, page
131:
"Judge Yeaman had written me about five days before
the election, on the subject of how the vote would go in
Muhlenburg county. In answer to this, and before the
election, my memory is, I wiote Judge Yeaman be would
receive a majority in this county of eight hundred. The
majority was something over that, but not very consider-
able."
John O'Brien, clerlfc of county court, says of
Owensboro', page 135:
" State how the election passed off on Monday, the 3d
of August, 1863.
" Answer. So far as I know it seemed to be quiet; there
was no disturbance or fuss. There were some troops about
the court-house, armed.
" Did you see or hear of any interference by them with
anybody?
"Answer. I did not.
" Were you at Oakford, in this county, when we spoke
there in July?
" Answer. I was.
" Did you notice who applauded and who interrupted
either of us? If so, state by whom it was done.
" Answer. I did not notice particularly who they were.
There was a good deal of applause while he was speaking.
I did not know who they were.
'• Was it the rebel or the Union party f
{£ Answer. There was not much Union party there j they
.were generally seees.li.
  Who was interrupted, and by what party or persons?
" Answer. Judge Yeaman was interru^ed in the begin-
ning of his speech ; and you Hashed your eyes so keen I
thought i would get out, as there might be a row."
Major Calhoon, page 147:
"The Union party of McLean voted almost unanimously
for Hon. G. II. Yeaman. The result was as most of the
Union men of the county had expected; atleast I had heard
many ofthem express themselves befuie the election that
such would bo the result."
"McLean has been considerably infested by guerrillas
sincc the rebellion first commenced. Owing to the coun-
tenance and comfort rendered to guerrillas, man^ of the citi-
zens of McLean did not offer to vote."
" So fai as I know, the election in the county was quiet
and orderly."
Henry Griffith, late sheriff of McLean county,
says, pages 150, 151;
" l was in McLean county on the 3d of August last, and
at the voting prccmet of said county in the town of Cal-
houn. The election was quiet and orderly, so far as my
knowledge extends*,save one instance, and that was when
P. 13. Iltcks proposed to vote, Captain SmaHhoufcen told
him he was not entitled to a vote. If I am not mistaken,
however, aftei some parleying Hicks did vote. J was at
the polls frequentlyduimg the day of election, andsaw no
force used to prevent any one fiom voting."
451 know that the county of McLean has been much in-
fested by bands of guerrillas since the rebellion began, and
am satisfied that the guerrillas did receive voluntary aid
from the rebel sympathizers in the county. A number of
those that I consider rebel sympathizers did not go to the
voting place, and I presume it was on uccountof Governor
Itohmson's proclamation of July 90, 1863, nnd the Kcu-
tuekv act of Match 11,1860. I heard some one or two say
that they would not take the oath prescribed hy the Legis-
lature of Kentucky."
" The Union paity, as a genera! thing, voted for George
II. Yeaman in the race between him and John H. Mc-
lienry, jr. The lesult of the election wai about as I ex-
pected it would be for weeks piior to the election of Au-
gust 3,1863. So far as I know, the election was quiet
throughout the county of McLean."
Thomas Shackleford, sheriffofMcLean county,
page 155:
" I was in Ramsey on the day of the election, and thete
was no interference with the soldiers stationed in Itumsey
at that time with the voting at the polls, and the election
was quiet and orderly carried on, so far as I know, as any
previous election was ever conducted in the county."
Wm. A. Layton says, page 156;
" I am a justice of the peace of McLean county, and
was one of the judges of the election of August 3, lefcrred
to above.
"State whether or not the election m the precinct of
Livermore was not quiet and oideily.
"Answer. It was.
" Do you or not know that no force or threats were used
in your piecinct 10 pievent persons fiom voting?
"Answer. None that 1 taw oi heard of.
" Was or not every person who offered to vote allowed
to do so?
"Answer. Bveiypeison who offered to vote did so ex-
cept two, who )etumnI to take the oath.
"So tar as you know or are informed, was or not the
election throughout the county of McLean, on the 3d of
August last, as quiet and orderly as elections in this county
usually aie?
"•v2)isu,er. So far as my information extends it was- '
