1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1607
power, in population, in wealth, in the intelligence
of the masses, in mechanical j 1 i, in tigrieultin.il
industry, and the day is not far distant wh^n that
bright and beautiful banner, the emblcmof west-
ern civilization, will have gathered upon its ample
folds one hundred stars, representing that number
of independent States stretching acioss (he conti-
nent from the Atlantic to the Pacific sea, wearing
the proud motto, tiEpluribus tmtm,"and resting
secure within the American Union, giving to all
that consciousness of strength which will ever
enable us to strangle treason at home and to repel
invasion from abroad, and reassuring the world
that at last the United States of America is
c> The land of the free and the home of the brave."
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. ROGERS obtained the floor, butyielded to
Mr. HOLMAN, who moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. COLFAX. I wish to give notice, as the
debate on this question has gone to an extent that
every gentleman must agree has been liberal, and
as, in the last vote in the House, when the gen-
tleman from Ohio, Mr. Giddings, was censured
and virtually expelled, he was notallowedan op-
portunity to speak, I will, as soon on Thursday
as I get the floor, call the previous question.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
And then (at half past eleven o'clock, p. m.)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jlprtl 14, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sundlrland.
The Journal of Tuesday last was read and ap-
proved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 12) extending the time within
which the States and Territories may accept the
grant of lands made by the act entitled "An act
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts,5' ap-
proved July 2, 1862; which had previously been
signed by the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Inteiior, com-
municating a report of the Commissioner of In-
dian Afftuis of the estimated amount lequired to
defray the liabilities incurred for the subsistence
of the Sioux and Winnebago Indians removed
from Minnesota to Dakota, and recommending
an appropriation agreeably to the estimates for
that purpose; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 17th
of Decern be i, 1863, mfot nuitmn in relation to arm-
ored vessels, their efficiency, capability, and the
services which may have been lendered by them,
and especially as to operations in the haibor of
Charleston; which was referred to the committee
on the conduct of the war, and ordered to be
printed without the accompanying documents.
PETITIONS AND JIEMOKIALS.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of the
Buffalo and State Line Railroad Company, re-
monstrating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized
India rubber; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of women
of the United States, praying for the emancipa-
tion of all persons of African descent held to in-
voluntary service or labor in the United States;
which was referred to the committee on slavery
and freedmen.
He also presented the memorial of the president
and directors of the Fitchburg and Woiccster
Railroad Company, remonstrating against the ex-
tension of Goodyear's patent for the manufacture
of vulcanized India rubber; which was referred
to the Committee on Patentsand the PatentOffice.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of the
president of the New London and Northern Rail-
road Company, a memorial of officers of the New
Haven and Northampton Railroad Company,and
a memorial of the Norwich and Worcester Rail-
road Company and Norwich and New York
Transput tanon Company, remonstrating against
the ( xtension of Goodyear's patent for the manu-
facture of vulcanized India lubber; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
the Chicago, Burlington, and Q,uincy Railroad
Company, remonstrating against the extension of
Goodyear's patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India rubber; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. DIXON presented the memorial of the
president of the Naugatuck Railroad Company,
and a memoiial of the president of the Hartford
and NewHaven Railroad Company, remonstrat-
ing against the extension of Goodyear's patent
for the manufacture of vulcanized India rubber;
which were referred to the CommitteeonPatents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. WILKINSON presented the petition of
Thomas J. Galbraith, agent for the Sioux Indians
of Minnesota, praying to be relieved from all re-
sponsibility for property destroyed by the Sioux
Indians on the 18th of August, 1862, and that the
accounting officers of the Treasury may be au-
thorized to adjust and settle his accounts upon
the principles ofequity; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of New York in favor of the payment
of a bounty of $100 to the two years' volunteers
from that State-, which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the president
of the Noi them Railroad Company of New York,
remonstrating against the extension of Good-
year's patent for the manufacture of vulcanized
India rubbci; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ('LARK presented four petitions.of citi-
zens of Straiham, New Hampshire, praying for
the abolition of slavery,and such an amendment
of the Constitution as will forever prohibit its
existence in any portion of our country; which
were oideied to lie on the table.
Mr.POMEROY presented a memoual of John
Beeson,L. F. Peaslee,and A. D. Rugbies, a com-
mittee appointed at a public meeting held in the
city of Washington, Distnct of Columbia, pray-
ing for the adoption of measures to insure justice
in the administration of Indian affairs, and to pro-
mote the welfare of the various Indian tribes; and
recommending that commissioners be appointed
to attend Indian councils to be held at important
points, to hear from the various Indian tnbe-s a
statement of their grievances; which was refened
to the Committee on Indian Adults.
Mi. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the
president of the Cleveland, Columbus, and Cin-
cinnati Raihoad Company, remonstrating against
the extension of Goodyear's patent foi the man-
ufacture of vulcanized India lubber; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
He also presented a memorial of the president
of the Sandusky, Mansfield, and Newark Rail-
road Company, and the president of the San-
dusky, Dayton, and Cincinnati Railroad Com-
pany, an 1 a memorial of the president of the
Central Ohio Railroad Company, remonstrating
against the extension of the Goodyear patent
for the manufacture of vulcanized India rubber;
which were referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. HOWE presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Wisconsin in favor of an appropri-
ation to improve the entrance into Foxiiverfrom
Green bay; which was referred to the Committee
on Otnnmerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial of the
president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, remonstrating against the extension of
Good year's patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India rubber; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MORRILL presented a petition of citizens
of Bath, Maine, praying for such an amendment
of the Constitution "as will forever prohibit the
existence of slavery in any portion of our coun-
try; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Charles A.
Pitcher, praying for compensation for the use in
the penitentiary in the District of Columbia of
a valuable patent belonging to him; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a letter of W. B.
Shubnck, chairman of the Light-House Board,
communicating estimates of amounts required to
be appropriated to complete (he light-house works
af Racine and Milwaukee, Wisconsin; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK presented a memorial of the di-
rectors of tiie Wilton Railroad Company, remon-
strating against the extension of the Goodyear
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India
rubber; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. COWAN presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for increased rail-
road facilities between the cities of New York and
.Philadelphia; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN. A few days ago I presented
a memorial from the Board of Trade of Philadel-
phia, praying for the erection of a pier at Lewes
in Delaware, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. 1 now move that that
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of that memorial and that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce,as I understand
that another memorial of a bke character has
heretofore been referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. %
The motion was agreed to.
• ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA AS A STATE.
Mr. WADE. I move now to take up the bill
to enable the people of Nebraska to form a State
govern ment.
Mr. DAVIS. I object. I desire to have a vote
upon the resolution introduced by me some time
aico in relation to the case of Yocum; and if the
Senate will come to a vote upon that resolution I
think itcan be done withoutdebate. ] shall have
no objection to any course that the honorable
Senator or anybody else may propose.
Mr. WADE. 1 suppose the bill will not take
long; we had it up the other day and discussed it.
I do not think there will be any further debate
upon it. My opinion is that the Senate is ready
now to pass the bill without discussion,and if the
Senate will let me get it up I think it will soon
be got out of the way. If the people of Nebraska-
are to be authorized to form a State government
the authority ought to be given soon, in order to
enable them to do it in season.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 dislike exceedingly to interfere
with the request of the honorable Senator; but I
move to take up the resolution to refer the case of
Yocum to the Committee on the Judiciary merely
for a vote, and when that is disposed of by a vote,
without another word of debate I promise the
honorable Senator and all other gentlemen that I
will not interfere with them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Ohio is first in order unless he with-
draws it.
Mr. WADE. I do not think I ought to with*
diuw 11, because I feel certain the bill will take
very little time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio-
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
14|) to enable the people of Nebraska to form a
constitution and State government, and for the
admission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND. REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Ordered, That the message of the President of the United
Stales, communicated at the third sesMon of the Thirty-
Seventh Congress, hi relation to Indian barbarities in Min-
nesota, be taken from .the files of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 127)
to authorize the transfer of indictments from ihe
district to the circuit courts of the United States,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. TEN EYuK, from the Committee on the
