562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
has been very thoroughly discussed,and must be
understood by every member of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark in
the chair.) The question is on the adoption of
the amendment proposed by the Committee on
the Judiciary, in line twenty-two, after the word
" Department," to insert the words " court-mar-
tial."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-six
after the word "not" to strike out the words
"less than," and to fill the blank by inserting the
words "exceeding ten thousand;" and in line
twenty-seven after the word " not" to strikeout
the words " less than,"and to fill the blank by in-
serting "exceeding two;" and after the word
" years" to insert the words "at the discretion of
the court trying the same;" so that the clause will
read:
And any person offending against any provision of thi3
act shall, on conviction thereof, he deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and be punished by a fine not exceeding $10,000,
and by imprisonment 1'ur rttenn not cxceeduit: two" years, at
the discretion of the court trying the same, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I move to strike out all after
the word " no," in the twelfth line, to the word
" any " in the fourteenth line, in the words," mem-
ber of the Senate or House of Representatives
shall, after the election and during his continu-
ance in office, nor shall any;" so that the clause
wijl read:
That no head of a Department, head of a bureau, clerk,
or other officer of the Government, shall rcceiveor agree to
receive any compensation whatsoever, Stc.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I regret that it has been
found necessary in the judgment of the majority
of the Senate to present this bill for the consider-
ation of the Senate. I have always supposed that
any person who had the confidence oflus State suf-
ficiently to cause liitn to be chosen a member of this
body ought to be above all suspicion. Inasmuch,
however, as that is found not to be true, according
to the judgment of the majority of the Senate at this
time, I shall vote for this bill as reported by the
committee without any amendment. For one, I
can freely say that since 1 have been in public life
I have never received any fee, or acted in any ease
in which the United States was concerned; and I
can say what few men can say, that 1 have never
recommended any man to office, nor asked for a
contract for any man.
Mr. COWAN. The resultof this amendment
will be to leave Senators and Representatives ob-
noxious to the provisions of the act to which I
referred the attention ofSenatois some time ago,
the act of 1853. That makes it a penal offense
for them to prosecute claims against the United
States. That, I think, is enough. I think, when
that law is upon the statute-book, that that is a
sufficient protection and a sufficient assurance to
the community that members of Congress will
not abuse their privilege for frlthy lucre.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON (when Mr. Hicks 's name was
called) said: 1 am sorry to inform the Senate that
the absence of my colleague is caused by very se-
vere illness. He will not probably be here again
duiing the session.
The call of the roll was then concluded, and
the result announced—yeas 10, nays 28; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. BuckaJfw, Cowan, [Iardine, Hendricks
Lane ot Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nesmith,
Riddle, and Wright—10. '
NA\^ Messrs. Clatk, Collamer, Conness, Dixon, Doo
little, Fossenrlcn, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Harlan Ham*
Howe, Johnson, Morgan,Morrill, Fomerov. Powell, liain-
sey, Saiilsbmy Sherman, Spra^ue, Sumner, Ten Eyck,
I rumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson-
iio.
So the amendment was rejected.
£!'e li'JJ was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendments made as
in Committee of* the Whole, Iluw shall the vote
be taken'
IVli. T RUM LULL. I suppose the vote may
be taken on concurring: in nil the amendments to-
gether unless some Senator desires a separate
vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment in relation to courts-martial
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved, and the question on the
others will be taken together, if there is no objec-
tion. The question is on concurring in all the
other amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment reserved,
which was in line twenty-two of the bill, after the
word " Department," to insert the words " court-
martial."
Mr. JOHNSON. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I desire to state that
my colleague [Mr. Willey] has been absent from
the city since Fuday night.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Carhle,Chandler,Clark,Conner, Dixon,
Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Hai ris, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, llamsey,Sauls-
burv, Sherman, Sprngue, Sumner, Ten Eyck,'Trumbull,Van
Winkle, Wade, and Wilson—06.
NAYS — Messrs. Bucknlew, Collamer, Cowan, Foot,
Hale, Hauling, Hendneks, John&on, Lane oflndiana, Nes-
mith, Pomeroy, Powell, Riddle, arid Wright—14.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER. I propose that the title be
amended so as to read: A bill relating to mem-
bers of Congress, heads of Departments, and other
officers of the Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
amended, if there be no objection.
PAY OF COLORED TROOPS.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
joint resolution (S. No. 23.) to equalize the pay
of soldiers in the United States Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution; the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment proposed by Mr.
Conness, in line nine, after the word " service,"
to strike out the words, " during the whole time
in which they shall be or shall have been in such
service,"and to insert the words 4< from and after
the pavssage of this act;" so that the resolution
will read:
That all persons of color who have been or may be mas-
tered into the military s-erviee of United States shall
ic-eeive the -ami: uniform, clothing, arms, equipments,
camp equipage, rations, medical and hospital attendance,
pay and emolument-', other than bounty, as other soldiers
of the i' fakir or volunteer lorces of the United States of
like arm ot the sciviee, irom and after the passage of this
act; <iik1 that evei\ pei?on of color who shall horealter be
mu^teM'd into the bCiviee shall i ecmvet-uch sums.in bounty
as the President sOial!order in the differentiates and parts
ot the United States, not exceeding $100.
Mr. FOSTER. The amendment will make the
resolution prospective only. As it stands in the
text it is prospective and retrospective. That is
the difference. It brings up the question whether
we shall pay the colored troops from the time
they entered the service as we pay white troops,
or whether we shall so pay them only from the
time of the passage of the resolution. It was de-
bated at some length a day or two ago when the
question was before the Senate, perhaps when it
was in connection with another bill, and I do not
propose to prolong the discussion, except to say
that it seems to me we ought not to make this
amendment. We ought to pass the resolution as
it is.
Two considerations at once suggest themselves
to us in this connection; the justice and the expe-
diency of the measure. I have heard no member
express the opinion that were it an original ques-
tion, it would not be right to pass the resolution,
and pay the black troops as we pay white ones; but
inasmuch as we enacted a law a year or two ago
in which we made a distinction, giving the black
troops but ten doliars a month, when we paid the
white troops thirteen dollars, we are told that jus-
tice is fully done by paying the black troops ten
dollars a month up to this time, and after tins time
paying them the same that we do whites. It is
said that that is all that justice requires, because
that was the law, and they went into the service
under that law. Now, sir, were it between party
and parly, and they had made a contract under
the law, there would certainly be a show of force
in that claim; but when the claim is made as
against us who made the law, and when we agree
that the law is not a just and fair one, it seems to
me we ought to change it and to pay these men as
we pay the white troops, although the strict letter
of the law may not entitle them to the same
amount. This is supposing they have gone into
the service under the law understanding it, and
knowing that they were to receive but ten dollars
a month.
But, Mr. President, that is not the fact. These
black troops did not understand that they were
going into the service and to receive a compen-
sation less than that paid to the white troops. It
is true that the letter of the law made a difference,
and if they read the statutes of the United States
they would see there was a difference. But, sir,
how many of these black men ever had access to
those statutes? How many of them could have
read them if they had ? Most of them were born
and bred where it was penal to teach them to read,
and where, had they been found" with a book in
their hands, the penalty would have been the raw-
hide or the branding-iron. Shall we now stand
up here and insist that these men, having gone
into the service under a statute of the United
States fixing their pay at ten dollars a month
shall receive no more because that is the contract?
Sir, it was not the contract. They did not so un-
derstand it. The instructions which were sent
from the War Department and the assurances
made by the officers who enlisted these men were
that they should be paid and treated in all respects
as the white troops were.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask my friend
how he knows that fact; because if that can be
established it would have an important bearing
on this question.
Mr. FOSTER. I believe it is admitted in re-
gard to several departments; the department I be-
lieve of South Carolina, where instructions were
sent from the War Office to enlist black troops,
or, if not direct instructions, at least authority
was given to General Saxton, the military gov-
ernor of that State, to enlist black troops. He
was authorized, as I understand it, and I sup-
posed it was agreed that he was authorized to as-
sure those troops that they should receive the
same compensation as the white troops received.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How was it in Mary-
land ?
Mr. FOSTER. I believe the same, but I am
not so sure of it. In regard to South Carolina,
I think it is admitted that the faith of the Gov-
ernment through its officers was pledged to those
black men that their compensation, their rations,
their clothing, &c., should be the same as those
of the whites. The Government required from
them the same service as from the white troops,
and stipulated that they would render the same
compensation. I believe the good faith and honor
of the Government were pledged under these cir-
cumstances, and that it would bean evasion to
fall back upon the written law and hold those
men to the statute instead of carrying out fairly
these assurances made to them by the officers of
the Government.
Mr. President, these black men have not, as I
insist, had the privilege of knowing what the law
was. They could not know. They must have
relied, they did rely upon the assurances of our
public officers. I know it is said that Governor
Andrew had not authority to pledge the faith of
the Government of the United States to the black
troops enlisted in Massachusetts that they should
receive the same compensation as whites. Sup-
pose we grant it. Suppose we grant that Gov-
ernor Andrew, as the chief executive o f a State,
could notpledgethefaith of theUnited States,still
nobody doubts the fact that he acted in good faith
as a man of honor and uprightness, as he is, and
as a patriotic man, and that the blacks enlisted
there gave full faith and credit to his assurance
that they should be paid as the white troops were
paid. I for one am disposed to stand by thatas-
surance, even if made by a State and not by a na-
tional officer, though I think his instructions au-
thorized him to make it. I think justice requires
that we carry it out. Justice to any class, even
of whites, it seems to me, would require it; but
justice especially requires it when we consider
that we are dealing with men* a great portion of
whom, as I have suggested, were never taught to
read, and never could, therefore, know what the
written law of the country was. We ought to
