1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment, the Union, and Union men, and rejoice over eyery
reverse of the Union arras?
"Answer. Yes, sx>.,J
Another from page 13G:
" Prom your knowledge of the county, and conversation
and expressed intentions of the secessionists and rebel sym-
pathizers of this county and district since the beginning of
the present civil war, state whether it would have been
possible to preserve the peace, and the rights, lives,and prop-
erty of loyai men, without the presence at times of a military
force, and without the organization of home guards, com-
posed of Union men, and armed with guns and ammuni-
tion from the Government.
"Answer. I do not think it would.
" Without that force is it not apparent that entire sub-
mission to them or emigration orexpulsion from the county
would have been imposed t>n loyal men ?
"Answer. I think so."
And another from page 138:
"Answer. 1 concur in the answers of said Woodruff to
those questions, and do now render the same answers my-
self. I believe it was their intention to carry into effect
the Richmond oidinances of the rebel authorities, that, all
men should take the oath presciibod in forty days or leave
the country, and if found in the country after the expira-
tion of that time should he liable to be seized and treated
by the military or civil authorities as traitors and spies.
" What is the reason such ortlinanceHare not carried out
In Kentucky now ?
"Answer, My opinion is, it is from the protection given
by the military power."
And another from page 26:
"Answer. I agree with him in the facts stated in answer
to said questions, and do now answer them myself a* he
did, except as to No. 7, that I am thoroughly convinced the
peace could not have been presetved and Union men pio-
tected without such force and assistance, and it was not
always done with that assistance, but much outrage com-
mitted on them; a^d as to No. 8,1 answer that such threats
were openly made before any military force was posted
here or organized among the citizens; such threats were
made about me in person.
"No. 7. What is the reason such threats and schemes
are not now cauied out by the secession party of this dis-
trict and State ?
"Answer. I know of no other ieason except they are
afraid to do it and have not the power; it is not foi the
want of the with"
Mr. ANDERSON. "With the consent of my
colleague I desire to ask him whether he signed
a lettor addressed to the people of Kentucky, in
which the Senators and Representatives advised
cooperation with the Wickliflfe party in the com-
ing presidential election? 1 saw such a state-
ment in a call for a Democratic convention, pub-
lished in the Louisville papers, addressed to the
people of Kentucky, stating that the two Senators
and all the Representatives in the House, with
the exception of three abolitionists, had advised
the union of all parties in opposition to the pres-
ent Administration, and advising the sending of
delegates to the Chicago convention.
Mr. YEAMAN. I do not know what letter
my colleague refers to; and I only state posi-
tively and in general terms that I have signed no
letters to anybody in regard to calling any polit-
ical convention in Kentucky. That is all 1 have
to say about it.
Mr. MALLORY. With the permission of my
colleague I wish to say a word. Any statement
in any newspaper, any charge that the Senators
and Representatives from the Slate of Kentucky
have advised a union between the secessionists
and their party, or any party in that State, is
false. There is not one word of truth in it.
There has been a letter addressed to the people
of Kentucky which 1 signed,and which the Sen-
ators and several members here signed. I do not
know whether my colleague [Mr. Yeaman] is
among them. It calls upon the people of Ken-
tucky, all who arc entitled to vote under the laws
of Kentucky, all freemen and citizens of that
State who have the right to the elective franchise,
to unite in opposition to the present admimstia-
tion of the Government, and to vote at the next
presidential election for some candidal to dis-
place it. That is the letter that was written.
There was no invitation to the secessionists of
Kentucky to vote with us, and I give any such
statement the lie here in the House.
Mr. ANDERSON. My colleague will under-
stand I only stated what 1 saw in the papers.
Mr. MALLORY. OfcQurse I so understood it.
Mr. YEAMAN. I desire now to allude to
another matter which I was about to omit. If
there is any gentleman in the House who feels
inclined to vote against my having my seat with
a view of retaining his political consistency,
and to put himself right on the record on all
orders of military commanders in reference to
elections, I tell him to be careful how he dors
it, for in the light of the past, and in the light of
coming events which cast their shadows before
them, he may be stating a case which will em-
barrass him. Let me toad:
Headquarters Army op the Potomac,
Washington, October 29,1861.
General: There i^an apprehension among Union cit-
izens in many parts of Maryland of an attempt at interfer-
ence with their rights of suffrage by disunion citizens on
the occasion of the election to take place on the 6th of
November next.
In order to prevent this, the major general command-
ing directs that you send detachments of a sufficient num-
ber of men to the different points in your vicinity where the
elections are to be held to protect the Unionvoters, and to
sec that no disunionists are allowed to intimidate them, or in
any way to "interfere with their rights.
11c also desires you to arrest and hold in confinement
til! after the election all disunionists who are known to
have returned from Virginia tecently, and who show them-
selves at the polls, and to guaid effectually against any in-
vasion of the peace and order of the election. For the
purpose of carrying out these instructions you are author-
ized to suspend the habeas corpus. General Stone has re-
ceived similar instructions to these. You will please con-
fer with htm as to the particular points that each shall take
the control of.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
R. B.'MAKCY, Chief of Staff.
Major General N. V. Banks,
Commanding Division, Muddy Branch, Maryland.
Show me an order in regard to the election in
Kentucky half so strong as that! Suspend the
habeas corpus, send detachments of soldiers, ar-
rest secessionists who show themselves at the
polls, and confer with General Stone as to the
points to be controlled.
Mr. PRICE. Who issued that order?
Mr. YEAMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was about to
say that when the political and military history
of the struggle in the border States comes to be
written, that order will appear as one of the bi ight-
est gems m the life and services of General George
B. McClelhm.
I would I had time to allude in fitting terms to
the gallant officeis who have been referred to in
this case, and to the declamatory and superlative
denunciation that has been heaped upon them by
the contestant and the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Vooriiees.] Some men have a talent for
making up in words what they lack in ideas, and
it is a prompt and instinctive resource with some
natures to supply with coarseness what they lack
in power.
Colonel Foster's services protected all that
region of Kentucky, my home, the contestant's
home, from rebel and guerrilla outrage and depre-
dation. Without those services thecourts could
not have been held nor the laws administered in
a large district of country. He afterwards led a
brigade with brilliant success in East Tennessee.
Ami the contestant will not forget that day oil the
banks of Green river, when he and I waged a
bloodless war of words about politics in stone's
throw of where Foster and his gallant Hoosiers
stood in battle order, expecting John Morgan and
his avalanche of cavalry, nor how they traveled
all night in a different direction when it was
learned Morgan was crossing into Indiana.
Colonel Maxwell issued no improper furloughs;
he made no threats and issued no orders to in-
fluence soldiers to vote for me. A gallant gen-
tleman, a learned lawyer, an oratpr by nature,
from the beginning a Union man without " if" or
condition, the conqueror of cruel difficulties in
early life, he led his regiment on many a well-
stricken field,and was attending to his business there
while 1 he contestant, was tryingto disorganize the
Union party in my district, and during the six
long months he hay been staying here to defeat in
this Hall the expressed will of the people.
A letter was read said to have been written by
my constituent, General Slmckleford, early m
1861, and his conduct lias been the subject of se-
vere comment. Why this ungenerous assault on
him at this late day? Suppose he did write it.
He afterwards led his regiment in the assault on
Donelson; afterwards shed his blood in battle
with the enemies of his country in cannon sound
of whete that lettor was dated, performed that
brilliant pursuit and capture of Morgan and his
forces in Indiana and Ohio, and by his general-
ship and great victory at Cumberland Gap laid all
East Tennessee in the power of Burnside's cam-
paign-
General Burnsidc needs no defense at my hands.
His services have become a part of the history of
his country. And some will suspect that those
services, illustrated by his modesty in victory and
bis frankness ill defeat, have been more offensive
to some men than his order about the election in
Kentucky, especially to one of my colleagues in
the north end of the Capitol, who has in bis place
in the Senate denounced htm as " the ever-infa-
mous Burnside." If the cause of the country.is
infamous, so is Burnside's career;'if the cause of
the rebellion is glorious, Burnside's career has
been a crime.
Mr. Speaker, I know not what the result of
this case may be; I only know what it ought to
be. If I am in this seat improperly, there is to-
day no de jure Governor in the State of Kentucky,
for he was elected under the same order of things.
If I am here to-day improperly, there is no dejwre
Legislature in Kentucky, for they were elected
under the sameorder of things. If I am here im-
properly not a man on either side of this House
from Kentucky is entitled to his seat.
Sir, it strikes not at me. It strikes at the loyal
people of my district, at the loyal people of Ken-
tucky, and our entire State organization. I know
not what the effect would be to tell those people
after what-they have done that they shall not re-
ceive protection at the hands of the Government;
to discourage, mortify, and disgust the loyal peo-
ple of my district and the whole State by putting
the seal of condemnation by this House upon
that whole election, and thereby listen to the com-
plaints of the enemies of the country and give
them encouragement and moral sanction by whiefi
they would leap into the next contest with re-
newed life and energy and tenfold venom, malig-
nity, and insolence.
1 make no predictions as to what the effect of
such a course upon these people might be. I
only say if you want to increase the friends of
the Union in Kentucky don't you do it. While I
make no promises for others I can speak for my-
self. The contestant has said upon this floor, and
repeatedly in the canvass, that Kentucky was his
native State, that lie loved Kentucky, and would
follow her destinies wherever she went. Mr.
Speaker, I, too, love Kentucky; profoundly, ten-
derly do 1 love her; land of my birth, home of my
manhood. She gave me existence; she gave me
position; shegave me her confidence, and she has
my gratitude. All that I am, all that I can hope
to be, I owe first to the name of America, and
next to the name of Kentucky; and I will follow
her course, accept her counsels, and abide her
destiny so long as she doth walk proudly in the
light of the stars that gleam from the flag of my
country, and girdles her loins in the beauty and
strength of its tricolored zones. [Applause in
the galleries.]
Mr. SMITHERS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous ([uestion was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question being on the following resolution
reported from the Committee of Elections—
Resolved, That Gcerge H, Yeaman is entitled to a seat
in this House as a Representative from tile second con-
gressional district of Kentucky in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress-
Mr. ANDERSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Jacob (1. Blair, Boyd,
Ambrose IV. Claik, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cote, Creu-
well, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes, Dealing, Donnelly,
1)1 iggs,Ecklev, Eliot, English, Farnswortli, Fenton, B'rauk,
Gnuson, Gooeii, Grider, Giinncll, Griswotd, Harding, Her-
liek, Uigtiy, Hoopei, Hotchki-is, Asahcl W. Ilulibard, Jehu
i H. Hubbaid, llullmid, tngersoll, Jeuckes, Kelley, Fraueis
, W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Kcrnau, Littlcjohn, Loan,
I Eongyear, Mallory, Marvin, Meliilde, MeCluig, Morrill,
Dennd Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,NelsorijOdell,
Charles O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson, Perhanl, Pike, I'omcioy,
Pi ice, I'adloid, Samuel J. Randall, William H. ilandal),
Alexandei H. ilice, John 11. Ilice, Edward U. Rollins, James
S. Rolhns, Sehenek, ScofieJd, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
Sjmthets, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens,
I Sweat,Thayer.Tiaey, Upson, Wadsworth. Elihu I). Wash-
j burno, Wiliiam Ii. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, Wilder, Wilson, Windom, Wintield, and Wood-
bi idge—9G.
NAYS—Mes-rs. J.unes (\ Allen, Ancona, Chanter, Oof-
ftntli, Dawson, Deuison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finek,
Benjamin G. Harris, Philip John-on, William Johnson,
Knapp, Le Blond, Long, McDowell, Morrison, rundielon,
Priivri, Ross, Stiles, Voorhees, Chilton A. White, Joseph
VV. YVtiite,and Fernando Wood—26.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. W EB3TER stated thai he would have voted
