1610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
amendment an hour. The amendment, as it was
adopted in Committee of the Whole,proposes to
remove the Academy from Newport to Annapolis
six months after the adjournment of the next
session of Congress. Now, I ask that before the
next session of Congress we may have all the
light upon the subject that the Navy Department
is able to throw upon it; and if it shall then ap-
Fear, as the Senator from Iowa thinks, honestly,
am sure, that the Academy had better be re-
moved back to Annapolis, we shall be deprived
of all argument on the subject here; and the Sen-
ator from Maine will accomplish his object of
taking it out of our discussions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator give
me his opinion as to how much it will cost to
erect proper accommodations at Newport for this
large School?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know what it will
cost; but I think it will cost no more there than
it will cost at Annapolis, because the accommo-
dations at Annapolis were actually insufficient for
more than one hundred and eighty pupils, and
now it is necessary to have buildings for four hun-
dred. My own little experience in building is,
that I would rather build a new house for four
hundred than enlarge an old one for one hundred
and eighty so as to accommodate four hundred.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, this is simply
another proposition to keep the Naval Academy
upon wheels, and to have it constantly before
Congress at every session to be log-rolled about
and managed, and, in the mean time, to allow the
young men to remain at Newport, where they are
liable to all the temptations which were pointed
out here the other day.
I have taken the trouble to ascertain something
about the buildingsat Annapolis that the Senator
speaks of. The quarter of a million of money
expended by the War Department at Annapolis
is not on buildings within the Naval Academy
grounds. All the work that has been done at
Annapolis within the Naval Academy grounds
is the building of a railroad, the running out of a
wharf into the river at a small expense, and the
building of some quartermaster's storehouses
which could be transferred to a locality outside of
the grounds at an expense of certainly not more
than $20,000. 1 have the leport of the naval car-
penter who was sent down to Artmipolis by au-
thority of the Navy Department, and who reports
that ail that will be necessary to put the Naval
Academy buildings into complete order for the
restoration of the institution theie is between
seventeen and eighteen thousand dollars. All
that it will be necessary to build, in addition to
what is already there,in order to accommodate four
hundred pupils in placc ofone hundrcdand eighty
that" could be accommodated before the School
was transferred from Annapolis to Newport, is
another dormitory. We have the recitation
rooms; wc have the chapel; we have the observ-
atory; we have thd* hospital; we have all the
other buildings that are necessary except the ac-
commodation for the students that will be fur-
nished by an additional dormitory. Therefore
all that it will be necessary to do will be to erect
a building that will accommodate perhaps sev-
enty-five oreighty additional students if we allow
only the junior class to be kepton shipboard, and
not the two lower classes as they are now kept.
The proposition of the Senator is, that a board
of, naval officers shall be appointed to go around
the country and sue where the Academy can best
bo located. When are they to report? To the
next session of Congress, 1 suppose. He says
that i shall obtain my end just as soon by getting
the Academy moved to some other place, as 1
would by the adoption of the amendment which
was agreed to by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. Not at all. The amendment which
1 proposed is, that the Naval Academy shall be
restored to Annapolis before the commencement
of the academic year in 1865. It makes it abso-
lute that it shall go back at that time. I have not
any doubt that in the course of the coming fall the
Secretary of War will discover that he can,without
any detiimentto the publicinterest,surrenderthese
grounds at Annapolis, and that the Academy will
be restored to Annapolis before the expiration of
the present year, befoie the incoming of the next
academic year. As soon as Congress shall settle
and show to the country that its opinion is that
the Academy should be restored to its old place, I
am satisfied the Secretary of War or the Presi-
dent of the United States will direct that it shall
be restored at the earliest possible moment, and J
have no idea that it is going to remain at New-
port until September, 1865.
Really, I think that it does become the Senate
to take some affirmative action on this subject;
and I think that it would be a grateful tribute for
this body to pay to the State of Maryland, under
the circumstances; and I do not very much 'ad-
mire the persistency with which it is attempted
to retain the Academy at Newport, when it was
only diiven there by stress of weather, as the
Senator himself admits, and when all of the naval
officers who have been connected with it or are
connected with it now, every man who is at all
familiar with the institution, says that Annapolis
is the very best place where it can be.
Let me say further, Mr. President, that the ex-
pense of keeping the Academy at Newport is to
this Government more than one hundred thou-
sand dollars a year greater than it could be main-
tained for at Annapolis; and let me say in addi-
tion, that if you had the ground anywhere else
upon which to erect your buildings, you could
not erect as good buildings as you have now at
Annapolis, and decorate your grounds as well as
they now are for $600,u00. Therefore, every
principle ofeconomy, duty to the Government, to
the naval service, and to the young men put under
our charge, and to whom we hold the relation of
guardians, it seems to me should induccus to re-
ject the amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island, and to concur m that which was adopted
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. I would ask the Senator
from Iowa what force all the argument that ho
summed up in the last few sentences of his ad-
dress have when Rhode Island wants to keep an
institution of this kind, having obtained it by
accident?
Mr. GRIMES. That depends upon whom the
arguments are addressed to.
Mr. CONNESS. X apprehend there can be
no mistake a;s to whom the aiguments aie ad-
dressed. The Senator from llhode Island seems
to think they ai e addressed to him. It appears to
me to be the clever thing, the proper act on the
part of the Senators from Rhode Island, to say
" Let this institution go where it should go; let it
go back whence it came; let it go fiom the con-
taminating influences of a city; let it go back to
the State that, whether it was disloyal or not at
one time, to-day sets the highest example to every
part of the country that it is possible could be set
by any State in the Union."
1 do not wish to suggest a policy to the Senators
from Rhode Island, hut under the circumstances
it appears to me that I would not rise heie and
advocate the retention of the institution there.
Let not this institution be put out to the highest
bidder. Let us not go all over the Union to as-
certain where we may establish it. Let itgo back
to Maryland where it did belong, where it now be-
longs, and where it may be properly established.
1 do not wjsh to enter into the discussion of
tins question. I do not dcsmvmd do not attribute
motives to the Senator from Rhode Island beyond
what are palpable, namely, that he desires to keep
this School at Newport, it having reached there
by chance and accident. I hope that he will not
make any further Contest in this matter, and that
we shall come to a vote upon it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Califor-
nia assumes that I am arguing against my con-
victions of the public good fiom local consider-
ations. I do not think it necessary to reply to
that.
Mr. CONNESS. Oh, no; I did not say that.
Mr. ANTHONY, i certainly understood the
Senator so.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it isentirely consist-
ent, entirely possible for both to agree.
Mr. ANTHONY. Weil, sir, they do agree in
this case. I do not stand up here to advocate
local interests against the public good. I stand
up here to ask of the highest naval authorities an
inquiry, an investigation, and a report as to the
place whore the Academy ought to he. I am not
arguing for the retention of the Academy at New-
I port. 1 am arguing for the ascertainment of the
i best place for the permanent location of the Acad-
i emy, and Senators reply that I am arguing for
N< \vj>oi!. To be Mire, I thin!: Newport is the
best place, but I desire to have the opinion of those
men who know more about it than I do, and,
with great deference to Senators in this Chamber,
who know more-about it than any of us can know.
Nor shall I go into the question of the loyalty
of different States. I have said nothing about the
loyalty of Maryland. I admire as much as any
Senator the position which Maryland holds be-
fore the country to-day; but if this question is to
be decided upon considerations of loyalty, I think
a State that has always been loyal is as well en-
titled to it as a State that has just become so.
But that is a question 1 do not care to go into.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, I understood him in the discussion here the
day before yesterday to intro<jucc the question of
the loyalty of Maryland as one of the reasons for
the change when made; and in introducing that
feature into the discussion I thought I was but
referring to a subject already introduced by the
Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. A Senator said in the de-
bate the day before yesterday that the Academy
had been seized by the War Department. I said
no, the Academy had been driven away by a
traitorous mob. The Senator from Iowa denied
that there had been any mob in Annapolis. I
read from the newspapers of the time to prove
that there had been; but I made no remarks and
shall make no remarks in disparagement of the
State of Maryland.
Now, sir, I think the amendment I have offered
is a fair compromise of this whole matter,^nd I
hope Senators will give me a pretty unanimous
vote in favor of it, as the Senate seems to be very
good-natured at present, and refer this question
to those men who know all about it. Then, if
theydeeide againstNewport, weshall be entirely
disarmed of our argument; and if they decide
against Annapolis, 1 think the other side will be
disarmed.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Every one here can under-
stand and appreciate the loftiness of the sentiment
of the Senator from California when he claims
that the present position of Maryland entitles her
to have this Academy restored within her limits.
That is a lofty, just, and true sentiment; and if
everything else were equal, it should prevail. The
Senator from Iowa insists that we ought to restore
this Academy to that spot; that we have there
buildings and all the accommodations which he
has enumerated for the purpose. Why, sir, if I
understand the matter correctly, we have none of
these things there now.
Mr. GRIMES. Where?
Mr. TEN EYCK. At Annapolis. I mean
they are not within our control at the present mo-
ment; and it would be highly improper, perhaps,
to dislodge the War Department from the posses-
sion of that locality at this time, for the reasons
which have been iterated and reiterated during
this debate.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator will allow me,
I will inform him that the Secretary of War is
entirely satisfied with the proposition that was
adopted in Committee of the Whole on the day
before yesterday.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Of course I have had no
access to the Secretary of War and have not in-
quired about it, and I have no doubt that the in-
formation as given by the Senator from Iowa is
correct. But, sir, 1 can see no objection whatever
to the adoption of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Rhode Island. It does not follow,
because the Naval Academy has been at Annap-
olis and because we have some buildings there,
selected as that location was withoutauthority of
law, that we must forever continue those build-
ings in that spot. I would do so,and would con-
tinue the Academy there if everything else were
equal, if there were no advantages possessed by
any other place. I do not believe it will occa-
sion any very great injury to the public service,
or any very great expense during the time which
is to be allowed by the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Iowa—the period of eighteen
months, during which it is not propo'sed to oc-
cupy tjie grounds at Annapolis—to have aboard
of examiners to look into the merits of different
localities on our seaboard and their adaptation
and qualifications for the establishment of aNaval
School of this description,and to have it fixed per-
manently by the enactment of a law.
I say here frankly that if no other spot can be
