2586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
in the affirmative, but he was paired off with Mr.
Harris, who had been called home in conse-
quence of sickness in his family.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, stated that Mr.
Kasson was sick and confined to his room, and
that he would have voted in the affirmative if he
had been here.
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleague, Mr.
Miller, would have voted in the negative had
he not been paired off.
Mr. GRINNELL stated that Mr. Julian, who
had gone to attend the funeral of Mr. Giddings,
would have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Arnold had been obliged to leave the House
on account of sickness in his family.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. SMITHERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REBEL SOLDIERS IN HOSPITALS, ETC.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution, upon
which he demanded the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire by what authority and under wljote di-
rection rebels were interspersed witli the national soldiers
throughout the various hospitals in this city, and as to the
comparative treatment of the rebel and Union soldiers in
the hospitals.
Resolvcdfurther, That the same committee be instructed
to inquire whether or not persons lately in the rebel army
are employed in places of trust and profit by the United
States Government at Ciesboro' Voint, and if so by whose
authority, how many, and in what capacity they are em-
ployed; and
Resolved further, That the same committee be instructed
to inquire whether any disloyal persons are employed as
clerks in any of the Departments ot the Government; and
if ao, who are responsible for such employment; and that
the committee have authority to send for persons and pa-
pcrsj to compel the attendance of witnesses, and to report
the tacts to this House at any time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. COLE, of California, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TUB WAR.
Mr. LAZEAR asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Wherea* the fratricidal war which ha* for the Inst three
years filled every neighborhood of our once united and
happy country with mourning, and has drenched a hundred
battle-fields with the blood of our fellow < itizens, and laid
waste many of the fairest portions of the land, and yet has
failed to restore the authority of the Federal Government
in' the seceded Biates; and whereas we believe a mKip-
prehensiou exist* in the minds of a large portion of the peo-
ple of the South as to the feelings which actuate a large
portion of the people ot the tree State's, and which misap-
prehension wo are called upon by every consideration of
humanity and a sense of justice to correct and if possible
remove, whether we regard in making tins effort what we
owe to ouifulves, to our fellow-countrymen of the South,
or to the world* Therefme,
Resolved, That no truly loyal citizen of the United States
desiies the application of any rule or law m determining
the rights and privileges and the muasuto of responsibility
of the people of any of the States but such as shall have
been deteimmcd by the Supreme Comt to be in aceoidanee
with and sanetnmed by the Constitution and well-estab-
lished usages of the country.
Resolved, That the President, in his capacity of Cnm-
jmnider-in-Chiei ol the Army and Navy ot the Hinted
States, be, and ho is hereby, requiu-d to adopt such meas-
ures as he may think be t, with a view to a suspension of
hostilities between the aimies of the North and the South
for a period not exceeding dajs ; and that he bo also
authorized to adopt or agree upon >ome plan by whtr h the
decision of the great body of the people North and South
may be secured upon the question of calling a convention
composed of delegates from ail the States, to whit h shall
be referred the settleinentof all questions now dividing the
southern Stales from the rest of the Union, with a view to
the restoration of the several States to the places they were
intended to occupy in the Union, and the privileges in-
tended to be granted to them by the fiameis ot our national
Constitution, who were in our opinion the most enlight-
ened statesmen and purest patriots that ever lived, and
than whom wc cannot hope to find wiser or better counsel-
Ois in the present exigency in our national affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, and others ob-
jected.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia* I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. DAWSON, My colleague has not yet
yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House. Objection was made.
Mr. LAZEAR. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Pending that
motion, I move the House adjourn.
CHARTER OF WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my friend from Illinois
to yield to me for a moment to enable me to move
to reconsider the vote by which the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate to amend the charter of the
city of Washington was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered,
and can be called up at any time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now insist
on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 31,1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Bowman.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SENATOR FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. FOOT. I present the credentials of Hon.
Elisha Baxter, a Senator-elect from the State of
Arkansas. I move that the credentials be read,
and that they lie on the table until the Senate shall
have taken action on the credentials of Mr. Fish-
back, claiming to be a Senator from the same
State.
The Secretary read the credentialses follows:
State of Arkansas, to wit:
The General Assembly of this Slate, on the 3d dAy of
May, 1864, having, in pursuance with the Constitution of
the United States of Ameucn, chosen Elisha Baxter a
Senator of the United States to fill the unexpired teim of
Chailos J). Mitehel—
Therefore 1, Isaac Murphy, Governor of the State of
Ai kai^a-j, do hereby certify the same to the Senate of the
United States.
r 1 Given under my hand and the seal of the Stale of
t J Arkansas, this 7th day of May, 18fi4.
ISAAC MURPHY,
Governor of Jirkaiwas.
By the Governor:
Kobkrt J. T. White, Secretary of State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless other-
wise ordered, they will lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr, TEN EYCEv. I present the petition of
citizens of Monmouth county, New Jersey, pray*
ing for increased railroad facilities between the
cities of New Yoikand Philadelphia. Inasmuch
as there has been a report upon this subject from
one committee, and another committee has it
under examination, and will report in a very few
hours, I move that this petition he upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial adopted
at a public meeting of the Church Anti-Slavery
Society, held in the city of New York, and signed
by their committee, George B. Cheever, Henry
A. Iiartt, and Edward Gilbert. It is entitled "A
memorial against the exclusion of the colored
race from the right of representation." It is
somewhat elaborate. I shall not read it; but I
ask attention to a passage which explains the de-
sires of the memorialists, as follows:
"The undersigned behove that the continuancc of our
oppression of tiie colored race i  the cause ot our di&asteis
and defeats, and that it is impossible f'oi us to succeed un-
til we cca:?e !rom our oppie^ions, and repent, and do jus-
tice. We arc sure that the intioduetion of the color ot the
skin into our national legislation, as agioundof injurious
disci imination, and ot penalty and taint, as if for crime,
is densive oi the Cicutor, and a violationof our Constitu-
tion, impious, cruel, barbarous, exposing us to the scorn
of mankind and the anger of the Almighty."
The memorial afterwards proceeds:
" Believing the elevation of this race to be both a Chris-
tian duty and the wisest statesman-hip, and that equality
before flic law is essential to Mich elevation, we implore •
the present Congress, standing as they do at the beginning
of legislation on tiiie bubject, to put away and forbid sucil
oppressive ami injurious discrimination."
Again they say:
'•As American citizens, wc pray to be relieved from the
burden of such dicgiace and fiom the cursc that must ac-
company such a wrong. We thererbic implore your hon-
orable body to remove horn the bill pioviding lor the States
i a lepublknn foim ol government the clause imposing dis-
ability on account of color, and to secure its privileges to
all classes alike."
As that bill is now pending before the Senate,
I ask that this memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 25th instant, a partial
report from the Secretary of State, with accom-
panying papers, in relation to Mexican affairs;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 293) to empower the Superannuated
Fund Society of the Maryland annual conference
to hold property in the District of Columbiaand
to take a devise under the will of the late William
Doughty, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom were referred the follow-
ing messages of the Presidentofthe United States,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration; which was agreed to:
A message communicating a report of the Sec-
retary of State in compliance with the act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States;
A message relative to a proposed treaty of reci-
procity between the United States and the Sand-
wich Islands;
A message communicating a copy of the cor-
respondence relative to a controversy between the
republics of Chili and Bolivia; and
A message in relation to the establishment of
monarchical Governments in Central and South
America.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 275) to prohibit cattle, horses, mules,
and other domestic animals from running at large,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALE\V,from theComrr/ittee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of
A. J. Campbell, praying for the payment to him
of an amount of money alleged to be due his father,
Scott Campbell, under a treaty with the Sioux
Indians, made June 19, 1858, submitted an ad-
verse report, which was ordered to be printed;
and asked to be discharged from hs further con-
sideration, which was agreed to.
Mr.CARLILE,from the Committee onPublic
Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 241)
granting to the State of Wisconsin a donation of
public land to aid in the construction of a ship
canal at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county
of Door in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan in said State,
reported it with amendments.
CHARGES AGAINST GENERAL BUTLER.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit the following resolu-
tion, which 1 ask to have read and printed:
Whereas it lias been frequently charged in the public
prints and other modes that when the leaders of the pres-
ent rebellion wcie engaged m plotting and manning it, '
Benjamin F. Butler was" cognizant of and privy to their
treasonable purposes,and gave thein las countenance,syin
pathy, and support; and that he, the said Butler, alter
some of the rebel States had published ordinances of seces-
sion, turned against the conspirators whom he had been
sustaining, to get position and office undci the Government
of the United States to enable him to consummate his own
personal and corrupt objects; and that after he was ap-
pointed to, and while he was acting in, the military m i-
vice, he was, by himself and his accomplice, A. J. Jiutler,
and many others, guillv of many acts of fraud, peculation,
and embezzlement agam<t the United States, and many
acts of extortion, plunder, despoliation, oppression, and
cruelty against individuals: Wherefore,
lie it resolved, That the President of the Senate appoint
a committee of three to investigate all such charged against
the said Butler; that said committee have power to sit dur-
ing the recess of the Senate, to employ a clerk, to send lor
persons and papers; and that it report ail the testimony and
its pioceedings to the next session of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I object to the consideration
or printing of that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, it will lie over.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhlrson, its Clerk, announced that
