564
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
In point of law it was plain that itcould not stand
in the way of an enrollment under the earlier
statute.
And the Secretary of War seems to have acted
on this interpretation, for, in undertaking to raise
colored troops, no allusion was made to the stat-
ute of 1862, but the language of his order in every
particular pointed to the statute of 1861. Am (
wrong, then, if I say that in point of law these
colored troops have just the same right to the full
pay of a soldier that any Senator on this floorhas
to his compensation ? it is by just as good title,
and as firm in the statute-book as your own pay,
sir.
I suggested the other day that there were two
classes of cases; one where the enlistments had
been made in good faith under the earlier statute,
and a second class where they had been made
under the later statute, and I suggested that if we
were disposed to recognize the difference between
these two classes it might afford a solution to our
present difficulties. I am not disposed on any
ground ofsentiment to impose an unnecessary tax
upon the burdened Treasury of my country, al-
though there is no tax required by justice that I
would hesitate to impose.* But if thereare colored
troops now in our service who at the time they
were mustered in had no reason to suppose that
they were enlisted under the statute of 1861, who
were led to believe that they came in u nder the stat-
ute of 1862, that is, for the pay of ten dollars, I am
not disposed to press with regard to them any claim
on the ground of sentiment; that is, for the past.
I take the past as it is; but for the future I insist
that they shall be put upon an equality. But true
equality in the past is for the national Govern-
ment to redeem its pledges, whether these pledges
are direct or only implied, whether theie is an ab-
solute promise, of which you have a record, or
only an inference or an understanding, founded,
it may be,in a misconception, hut still embraced
in good faith by innocent parties. On tins ground,
at a proper moment, I shall be ready to propose
an amendment something like the following, to j
come in immediately after the word uservice:" j
Provided, That, with repaid to all past service, it shall j
appear to thf of I he .secretary of War that
such persons, at the time of hen £f mustered info service,
wore led to suppose, that they were onhj-ted under the act
of Congtess approved July 212, 1861, as voiumecis in the
Army of the United States.
Mr, LANE, of Indiana, obtained the floor.
Mr. FESS&NDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to the law which I have
before me ?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I was
struck by the legal point made by the Senator
from Massachusetts, and was rather anxious to
find that it was sustainable. I have looked over
the law with rcfoience to it, and I submit to him
whether he has not gone a little too far in stating
that, as a matter of law, this subject was covered
by the law. The act to which he refers author-
izes the calling out of the militia for nine months,
in the first section. In the third section it author-
izes the raising of one hundred thousand volun-
teers for nine months. In the fourth section it
authorizes the filling up of the regiments in the
field." The Senator says that the fifteenth section
necessarily refers to the nine months' men, and
to them alone, (think theSenatorhasoverlooked
the twelfth section. It is the twelfth section that
authorizes the receiving of persons of African de-
scent, not for nine months particularly, or for a
year, but generally into the sci vice of the United
Slates. The twelfth section of the bill, which
contains a considerable number of sections, reads
in this way:
Ck Skc. 12. Jinil be it further cnartcd, That the President
he, and he is hereby, authorized to receive into the «ei vice
of the United States, for thepurpo.se of constructing in-
trerichmentJ., or performing camp service, oi an) other la-
bor, or any milnaiy or naval service for which they may
be found competent, poisons of African descent; and such
person? shall be enrolled and oig.imzed under such regula-
tions, not inconsistent with the Constitution and laws, as
tile President may prescribe."
The Senator will not contend that that section
confines the enlistment of these persons to nine
months.
Mr. SUMN1JR. ThiU is my impression.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not. Itisgen-
eral, and it must be so construed. He is to re-
ceive them into the service of the United States
for airy purpose, " for the purpose of construct-
ing intrenchments or performing camp service,
or any other labor, orany military or naval service
for which they may be found competent," " not
inconsistent with the Constitution and laws, as
the President may prescribe." That certainly
does not confine them to the nine months'service.
Then take the first part of the fifteenth section.
Does that confine them to nine months? It is
this:
"That nil porconswho have been or slinll be hereafter
enrolled in tlie service of the United States under this act
shall receive the pay and rations now allowed by law to
soldiers according to their respective grades: Pronicd, That
persons-of African descent"—
It refers to all that may come under this act of
all kinds: in the first place the nine months'militia,
the nine months'volunteers, the persons who are
brought in under the fourth section to fill up the
old regiments,and the persons of African descent
under the twelfth section. They are all to receive
the pay and rations allowed by law; and then it
says:
"Provided, 7'hat persona of African descent who under
this law shall be employed."
What law? The twelfth section, which ex-
pressly authorizes the enrollment and receiving of
such persons into the service, and does not specify
or intimate whether it is to be for nine months or
a year or three years or any other time authorized
by the Constitution and laws as they at present
exist; but it specifically authorized the leceiving
of such persons, and then it says that the persons
who shall be received " under this law"—that is,
under the authority conferred by this act, which
is the twelfth section—"shall receive ten dollars
per month and one ration." I cannot accede,
therefore, to the legal point laised by the Senator
from Massachusetts, whatever I might think of
the i est of his argument.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The honorable Sen-
ator from JVJaine lias anticipated precisely the
point I wished to make on this law.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Then I beg the Senator's
pardon. I thought he rose to speak on another
point. •
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Not at all. The Sen-
ator stated it much better than I could.
As I understand this question—and I shall de-
tain the Senate buta very few moments—itisjust
this: in 18G2 this law was passed authorizing the
President to receive into the service persons of
African descent. In the same law there was a
provision that they should be paid ten dollars per
month. That bill was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and they reported it with the
pay of ten dollars per month. It was brought
into the Senate, and the Senate concurred in that
opinion, and supposed that ten dollars per month
was sufficient pay for those soldiers. Now, after
the expiration of almost two years, we are asked
to go back and to pay them from the time of their
enlistment, not ten dollars, as the law provided
and as Congress determined, but thirteen dollars;
and we are told it is in violation of the good faith
of the Government and against a proper sense of
j justice if we do not go back and make this pay-
i merit. It does not seem so to me at all. We
j piomised them ten dollars a month. Wc have
, paid them ten dollais a month.
j But gentlemen say they were deceived by the
j representations of their recruiting officers. The
' recruiting officers were the agents of the General
! Government. If they transcended their power
1 and made representations that the law did notau-
thoiize, they, as agents, are legally liable, but the
j principal, never.
j But I cannot see any injustice or any possible
; breach of good faith if we pay these soldiers all
that we promised to pay them; and I think we
have paid them an abundant compensation. They
do not deserve to be paid as much as white sol-
diers. Many of our white soldiers left a profita-
ble business at home, by which they were able to
make money. These colored soldiers are refu-
gees from the house of bondage, who have never
heretofore got one cent of pay, and ten dollars is
more compensation to them than thirteen dollars
to a white soldier. They are fighting for a higher
boon than money. They are fighting for their
freedom. They were receiving not one cent at the
time we agreed to pay them ten dollars a month;
and I cannot conceive of any possible injustice or
hardship in the Government holding them to their
bargain.
It may be that the two regiments referred to by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts were
organized prior to thp passage of this law, by an
act of the Secretary of War. If so, it does seem
to me that they should be paid if there was a law
authorizing their enlistment at that time; but that
is the very question which we contest. There was
no law, as I conceive, authorizing the employment
of African troops until the law of 1862, and that
fixed their compensation at ten dollars a month,
which I thought then sufficient, which the Senate
thought sufficient, and which 1 think now ample
for the services they have rendered. There can
be no breach of good faith in carrying out the law
precisely as we have passed it.
Now, suppose this state of things: I believed
when this first law was passed that thirteen dol-
lars a month was not sufficient pay for our white
soldiers. I believe it now. The Senate believes
it. A bill is now pending to increase their pay
three dollarsa month. Does any man propose to
go hack and pay your white soldiers three dollarsa
month in addition from the time they enlisted? If
you will not do that for your white troops, why
are yau asked to go back and establish a different
rate of pay for your colored troops from the one
which the law fixed and authorized ? I can see no
possible reason why we should go back and thus
oppress the Treasury with a burden which we have
never assumed by law. Some of our white troops
served for eleven dollars a month. At one time in
the regular Army they served for three dollars
a month; at another time for seven dollars a month;
and because we believe that was not enough, are
we going back now to reverse the whole legisla-
tion of Congress on the subject from the begin-
ning of the Government, or the beginningof the
rebellion, and place hundreds of millions as a bur-
den upon the Treasury for the sake of paying two
or three of these colored regiments? If I under-
stand aright the history of these Massachusetts
colored regiments
Mr. COLLAMER. There is a mistake as to
when those regiments were mustered in. It was
after the passage of that act.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. If they were mus-
tered in after the passage of the act, then no dis-
tinction can be made, because they come in under
the act, by virtue of the act, and without the act
they could not have been received at all. 1 be-
lieve that such was the understanding of the
authorities in Massachusetts themselves, because
they, by law, made provision to pay the three dol-
lars that the United States Government did not
agree to pay; and now, because they agreed to
pay it and we did not, we are asked to take the
burden from their shoulders, and pay this three
dollars a month to the colored troops. I, for one,
will not consent to do it. If we place colored
troops hereafter on an equality with the white
troops it is surely as much as they can ask either
from the justice or the generosity of this Senate;
for no man in his sober senses will say that their
services arc worth as much, or that they are as
good soldiers, or that they should be paid as
much. This, as it seems to me, is the truth about
this whole question, and I regret to have said one
word or to have troubled the Senate.
Mr. TEN EYCIC. I recollectdistinctly when
the act was passed which has been referred to by
the Senators from Maine and Indiana, and I voted
for it with the distinct understanding that the col-
ored troops were to receive ten dollars a month.
I have a distinctrecollection of my understanding
of the act at the time. I thought that it was enough,
and was satisfied with it. But it does appear from
some evidence that it was not so understood by
the colored troops who did volunteer, nor was it
so understood, with respect to at least one regi-
ment, by the Government itself; and my object
in rising now is simply to furnish an additional
piece of evidence on that subject.
1 have in my possession a letter received from
a paymaster stationed at Beaufort, South Caro-
lina. He states that under an order of the Sec-
retary of War, an advisory letter addressed to
General Saxton, military governor, he paid the
first South Carolina regiment, Colonel Higgmson,
the same as white soldiers to February 23, 1863,
and since then ten dollars a month. He adds:
" It must be borne In mind that this regiment was a pio-
neer regiment com posed of volunteers of very excellent ma-
terial, and raised undfr a special contract with and authority
of the Secretary of War that they should receive the same
pay vlh white soldiers."
