1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
found along ours<^aboard possessing superior ad-
vantages for the purposes of such a School, I shall
be willing, and prompt, and ready,as an acknowl-
edgment to the present position of Maryland, to
restore that Academy back to its ancient place.
I think it would be honorable, 1 think it would
be just to do so; and I think it would be an act
that would be properly appreciated. But, sir, we
ought not to do this thing blindly, in pursuance
of a mere sentiment. We ought not to do injus-
tice to the public service. We ought not to ex-
pend large sums of money in one spot when the
expenditure of the same or smaller sums of money
in another locality would be greatly more to the
advantage of such an institution and the Navy at
large, it is in this point of view that I intend to
sustain the Senator from Rhode Island in the
amendment which he has offered, and which is
now befoie the Senate. Nothing can be lost by
adopting it. We can act at the next session of
Congress in relation to the fixed locution of this
Academy as well as we can now. We should
consider also that by adopting the proposition
of the Senator from Iowa, we may do now what
we may be required next winter to undo, upon
the happening ofsome contingency unforeseen and
unexpected. I think, therefoie, we had perhaps
better suffer the matter to remain as it is, with Lite
passage of an amendment constituting a board of
inquiry to dutei mine upon a suitable spot for the
location of this School.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a sentence which I cut out from a newspa-"
per tlii^ morning, it is part of our morning news.
I will rend it:
" (.rMioral Grant vi-nted n«run at a Infe hmn
on Monday night, wu> id eoiMJlnuum with tin1 Secretaiy
or" War on Tuos-duy, ami liep.u ted ioi Annapolis on Tues-
day ovomng." -
* It dots not appear what General Giant lias gone
to Annapolis for. He culainly has not gone
there for pleasure or pastime. That is not his
habit. He has gone there for work, for military
work in defense of the Republic. And now, sir,
coming to the Senate I am met by the question
whethei the Senate, by its vote, will order the
Naval Academy to be transferred to Annapolis
where the papeis of the day announce the com-
mander of the ai mies of the United States has been
actually in the performance of his miiiuuy duty.
I come back to the position which i took the
other day m this debate, that this is not the time
for Congress to pass upon this question. I do
not mean to suggest that the Naval School should
not ultimately be brought back to Annapolis. I
say now, as I said the other day, the inclination
of my opinion is that it should be brought back
there; but I do say that Congress is not now in a
situation to pass upon the question. Who knows
what may occur between now and next year:
whethn Annapolis will bo at that time upon the
whole the best blace for the Naval Academy'1 I
cannot venture to pronounce upon that question;
and yet the proposition of the Senator from Iowa
asks the Senate to pronounce definitively on that
question.
Then Senators interpose by the argument,
44 Let us take this whole question out of the pol-
itics of different States." Sir, permit me to say
this is a strange way to take this question out of
the politics of different Slates. By a proposition
which is prospective, open to repeal during the
coming Congress, you positively keep it in the
polities of different States, i bortow an expies-
sion which has been used on this floor, if you
wish to take it out of the politics of different
States, there are. but two ways of doing it: one is
to decide that it sha.ll be at Newport,and the other
is to decide that it shall be at Annapolis; but the
proposition of the Senator fi om Rhode Inland does
not pietend to decide either way. It leavs (he
whole question open for eighteen months; thatis,
for eighteen months it hands it over to the polities
ofdifFerentStates. Senators wiii becharged mean-
while with acting under local prejudice with a
view, perhaps, of obtaining it for their respective
States. That charge must continue until the whole
question is definitively settled. As we are not in
a condition to settle it definitively, I say do not let
us undertake to settle it at all.
Mi. CLARK. Mr. President, there may be-
considerable force in the argument of the Senator
from Massachusetts m one view of the case, and
that is, that General Grant had gone to Annapolis
for some purpose, [laughter;] but the paper this
morning informs us that thegeneral has got back;
so I think that argument ceases. I hold in my
hand the important news that—
"Lieutenant General Grant returned to Washington
yesteiday evening from a brief visit to Annapolis.75
I am opposed to the proposition of the Sen-
ator fiotn Rhode island to go around and scour
the country to hunt up a place to put this insti-
tution in. I understand that the place where, it
was formerly located, to wit, Annapolis, was en-
tirely satisfactory to the country and advantage-
ous to the School. If that be so, i submit it to
the good sense of Senators, why should we now
appoint a commission to go around and find
another place when we have a perfectly good one?
Navy officers say that it is so, and experience
demonstrates it to be true. It is convenient to
the capital, i emote enough for the good of the
School, and was every way acceptable to the
countiy before the breaking out of this rebellion.
There being a disturbance at that time in Mary-
land it was deemed advisable to carry the School
to Newport, it was transferred there; but New-
port i understand is found not to be a good place
for the School. I do not understand the School
to be flourishing there or conveniently located,
and it is found to be desirable to remove it some-
where. The proposition of the Senator from
Rhode Island seems to concede that, when it pro-
poses, instead of kcepiq^it at Newport, to form
a commission to go around and hunt up a place
at which to put the institution.
Now, sir, if we have a good place let us re-
turn it to that place; and I may say here—I say
it cheeifully, I say it gladly—i am happy to be.
able to give a vote to return this institution to the
State of Maryland, it is true she was disturbed
at one time; but she never swerved away or
swept fiomher mooring. She always kept true to
the Union m this regard, that she ►. over seceded.
She was peculiarly placed upon the borders of
the rebel States and the loyal States; but there
were loyal people enough m that State to hold
her to the Union. I would see to it that those
loyal people should notsufler. I would notpun-
lsh the loyal people of Maryland for their exer-
tions to maintain their State m the Union. I
would give this institution back-to them at the
earliest possible moment; and if now is the pi opci
time—the Senator from Massachusetts says it is
not the proper time; 1 think it is the proper time
— i would vote to return it to Maryland. There-
fore I am against the proposition of the Senator
from Rhode island to appoint a commission to go
around the country to find a place for it. I do
not want to find another place, if Annapolis is
a good place—and it is conceded to be—I want to
give it back to that place, i want to restore it to
the place it had befoie this disturbance; and 1
shall be happy to give a vote for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from New
Hampshire i think misapprehends the amend-
ment that was adopted in Committee of the
Whole, it does not propose to send the Acad-
emy back to Annapolis at present, and not until
six months after the expiration of the next ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senatoris mistaken. He
inveits the language. The amendment does not
say that the Academy shall not be sent back until
after such a time, but it says that it shall be sent
back before such a time.
Mr. ANTHONY, i take the interpretation
which I understood the Senator from Iowa to put
on his own amendment on 'Tuesday, when the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
read a letter from the Secretary of War'showing
that 
Mr. WILSON. Tlie letter was not from the
Secretary of War, but from a high officer of the
Army.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg pardon; I thought it
was from the Secretary. The Senator read a let-
ter fiom an officer in the Army which showed
that the military expenditures which would have
to be sacrificed if the School was carried back
now would amount to $250,000; and lie dwelt
upon the great importance of Annapolis, which,
in the opinion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
was the most important military point in the
country. Then the Senator from Iowa said:
i( Oh, we arc not going to remove the School back
now; we are not going to lemove it for over a
year." Now he says they will take it right back
again.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how the Sen-
ator is in the habit of dealing with people, and
what he means by his language exactly. I have
not conveyed any such idea as I understand him
now to attribute to me. i have not said that I
wanted to force it back at any time. I do not. I
leave it optional with the authorities of the Gov-
ernment to bring it back at any time between now
and the commencement of the academic year 1865.
The President, who commands both the War and
the Navy Departments, if he sees fit to bring it
back between now and that time, can do it; but it
must come back by the commencement of the
academic year of 1865. That is the ground I
took in the debate on Tuesday, and the ground
i occupy now.
Mr. ANTHONY. But, Mr. President, an
amendment was proposed by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] to remove the Academy
to Annapolis forthwith, and that was voted down
by the Senate. The Senate, therefore, has de-
cided that it does not desire to have the Academy
put back now; and the Senate having decided that
they do not desire the Academy to be removed
back to Annapolis now, the question before the
Senate is, shall we order it to be removed six
months after the expiration of the next session of
Congress?
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the reportingof the
amendment to the amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out all of the amendment adopted in Committee of
the Whole after the word " that," and to insert:
The Secretary of the Navy shall appoint a board of five
naval officers to examine and report upon the most suit-
able place lor the Naval Academy.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS— Me-srs. Anthony, Buokalew, Chandler, Dixon,
Harlan, Moigan, Sprngue, Sumner,TenEyck,Wade, Wil-
kinj-pn, and Wught—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Riown, Carlite, Claik, Collamer, Con-
ness, Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Fessendeji, Foster, Giimes,
11.lie, Harris. Henderson, Ilemlricks, Howe, Jolm.-on, Lane
of Indiana, Momil, Ncsirniu, Pomeroy, Powell, Kiddle,
Satihbuiy, Trumbull, Van Winkle,Willev,and Wilson—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have another amendment
to offer to the amendment adopted in committee.
It is to add at the end of the amendment the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That in the opinion of the President of the
United rit<uo#tl e public interests will be promoted thereby.
J hope the Senate will at least give mc this
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. What for?
Mr. AN THONY. Because if it is not in the
opinion of the President of the United States for
the publicinterest,! do notthmk we should want
to have u done.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The VICEPRESIDENT. The question now
recurs on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out
" 3865''.and to insert " 1864" at the end of the
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I appeal to my friend to with-
draw his amendment. The amendment adopted
in committee says that the school shall be returned
before such a time. I am very well satisfied that
if the War Department can with any sort of
convenience surrender the Annapolis Academy
grounds before that time, it will be done, after
this expression of sentiment on the part of the
Senate; and as a friend to the Academy and to
the service i hope the Senator from Illinois will
not forcf us to vote on his px-oposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot possibly see the
use of the amendment of the Senator from Iowa
as it stands. It, is a proposition to do something
which is not to take place until after another ses-
sion of Congress. If it is advisable to move the
Naval Academy it is advisable to move and fix
it before the next academic year. No reason at
all has been given in the Senate why it may not
just as well be removed this year as next. The
fact that we have forces at Annapolis now is no
evidence that we shall have them there next Oc-
tober, or if it be evidence that they will be there
