1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
If the survivors of those men who fought un-
der Higgtnson in the attack upon Wagner volun-
teoied, entered into the service, with the distinct
understanding that they were to receive thirteen
dollars p«. r month, and the Government of the
United States or the Secretary of War so under-
stood it and directed them to bo so paid, I say it
is but a simple act of justice thatthcy should now
receive the thirteen dollais per month; and in that
view I shall vote in favor of the resolution in the
way in which it stands, although originally I
thought ten dollars a month was sufficient pay.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Indiana m the course of his remarks I
thought referred specially to the troops raised by
the State of Massachusetts. Now, I wish to say
for the information of the Senator that there are
other troops having quite as strong a claim for
this back pay as the two regiments raised in Mas-
sachusetts, and even more, perhaps. The first
South Carolina regiment, under the command of
Colonel_ Iligginson, and another, I think the sec-
ond regiment raised down there, under the com-
mand of Colonel Montgomery, were raised under
an cxpicss order of the Government that they
should have thirteen dollars a month.
Mr. COLLAMER. W hat was the date of that ?
Mr. WILSON. I think those troops were
raised in South Carolina before the act to which
reference has been made was passed. Certainly
Colonel lligginson's regimentwas. 1 have here
a letter from Colonel Montgomery, received yes-
terday, m which he says that his men were raised
under an order ofGeneral Hunter that they should
have the same pay as other troops. Colonel Hig-
gtnson makes the same statement; and, in fact,
tbe'order is in existence.
Mr. COLLAMER. What is the date of it?
Mi. WILSON. T hose troops were raised, I
am confident, before we passed the act, under an
order of General Hunter in South Carolina.
Mr. LANE, nf Indiana. General Hunter did
not to South Carolina until 1862.
Mr. WILSON. He was there before this act
"was passed. The Senator says the pay is suffi-
cient. Docs the Senator remember that the pay
is only ten dollars a month, while the pay of other
soldiers is $16 50 a month, being a difference of
$6 50, nearly double.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. How is that?
Mr. WILSON. The white soldiers in the ser-
vice receive thirteen dollars a month and #>3 50 for
clothing; the black soldiers receive fen dollars a
month and nothing for clothing, but three dollars
is deducted for clothing. Many of the men who
have been killed before Charleston were in debt
to the Government thirty or forty dollars for
clothing. They never received a dollar's pay,
and were in debt for clothing. Then the white
volunteers receive a bounty; the colored men re-
ceive none. Then in most of the communities in
the loyal States the families of the soldiers receive
ccrtain sums. In my own State a soldier's wife
with two children receives twelve dollars a month,
and has throughout the war.
Now, sir, a word in regard to the soldiers
raised in South Carolina. We have had two drafts
made there by order of General Hunter, and 1 re-
ceived a letter from there the other day winch
stated they were about making another which
was breaking up the plantations. We take neai ly
all the men there and put them into the service,
when a man can earn $300 a year there now.
Women there have earned and have received for
iheir own toil more than $250. They cultivate
the soil, raise cotton, and get the fruits of their
own labor, nnd some of the women have sold their
rotton for £2,50. We are taking the men tbataie
fit for service there whom we can lay our hands
upon, and forcing th'mi into the service of the
United States tit ten dollars a month. We did
pay them thirteen dollars a month when they
weie fust raised, but we now pay them only ten
dollaih a mouth.
1 was told the other day by Mr. Webster, of
Philadelphia, u gentleman who has devoted days
and nights to the raisins of troops, black and
white, m Pennsylvania, that they have raised m
Philadelphia nearly five thousand colored troops,
five regiments, and he said to me that they pledged
then woid to these colored men that they should
receive the same pay as other soldiers, and that
no doubt Congress would pass such  n act, and
that the aei would be letiospccthe.
As to the order given to the Governor of Mas-
sachusetts, there cannot, in my judgment, be any
doubt about it. He understood it to authonze him
to piomisse them the same pay, and in all the ad-
vertisements, m all the meetings, in ail the prom-
isee to these men, they were assured that they
would receive thirteen dollar^ a month. Thev
received no bounty. They have gone to the field.
From two to three hundred of one of these regi-
ments have been killed or wounded.
Now, it does seem to me that we ought, at any
rate, to pay those who have been in active ser-
vice this sum. It is true we are raising colored
regiments to-day, and 1 am glad to say that we
have more colored troops than I supposed we had
by several thousand.
Mr. ANTHONY. How many have we?
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to state pre-
cisely; I am not authorized to state it; but wo
have raised more of these soklieis than f supposed
the other day we had, by several thousand. We
are doing well. Many thousands of these men,
perhaps half of them, are in regiments that are
being raised and have never yet performed any
service. We have raised eight thousand of these
men in the State of Tennessee. Pet haps one or
two regiments of them have rendered small ser-
vice, but they have just been organized and offi-
cered ready to go into the service. All the testi-
mony goes to show that these soldiers ate as
faithful and perform duty as well as any other
soldiers. I hold in my hand a letter received
yesterday from General Terry, who commands
the colored troops in South Carolina, and he de-
scribes the services of these men, and he says
their services have not been surpassed by any
men, and that we ought to pay them the same
compensation, and wr ought to make it retrospect-
ive as a matter of justice to the men who have
performed the labor, who have suffeied and toiled
before Charleston in the trenches,and have fought
and some of whom have died for the country, and
that too without receiving any bounties. Jt will
cheer their hearts, they will go on in the future,
and it will be money well expended. 1 believe it.
The colonel of a legiment in Virginia called on
me the night before last. He was in a recent
expedition into North Carolina, and he savs he
maiched his regiment fui?y-three miles without
a straggler, lie says that the colored men can
march further than any other troops in the coun-
try, and he has served in the best regiments
throughout the war. He says that in the six
months that he has had command of n colored
regiment he has had but one case of drunkenness
in it. All the testimony of our officeis, who took
these troops with prejudices against them, goes
to show that they ore industiious, that they are
obedient, that they are deferential in then- man-
ners, thatthcy nuke the best kind of scouts, that
they kno^v the country well, that they are per-
forming their duty with a zeal and an earnestness
unsurpassed. There is a reason for this. Take
a colored man who has been degraded by popular
prejudice, oi by law, or m any other way, put the
uniform of the United States upon him, and let
him follow the fhigofthe country, and he feels
proud and eleuued. Besides that, they are fight-
ing for the elevation of their race, as well as for
our country and our cause, and foi the emancipa-
tion of their lace,and well may they perform that
duty. As suggested by the Senator from Indiana,
they are fighting for something higher and nobler
than pay. But while I recognize all that, it does
seem to me that we ought at any rate to make their
pay equal to that of other ti oops, and we ought,
in addition to that, at least apply that equality of
pay retrospectively to those men whom we inisetl
with this understanding, ami who have been in
acth e and hat d sen kv during the last ye;u or two.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will pardon me if i refer to him for one min-
ute. lie is so uniformly geneious and just that I
was tile moir surprised when 1 listened to his re-
marks just now. I was surprised at his hvk of
genei ositv and his hick of justice—he will pardon
me—toward these colored soldiers. I was sur-
prised—he will pardon me—at his injustice to the
State of Massachusetts. He spoke disparagingly
of the colored soldiers. He thought they had
been paid enough. He thought that the gallant
blood shed on the parapets of Fort Wagner had
been paid enough; and he failed to see that those
men who died for us on that bloody night and wcie
buried in the same grave with their colonel who
led them, now stood ahve in this presence to plead
for the equality of their race. How could I help
regretting that the Senator was led into any such
remark ?
Also in the ardor of his utterance—he will par-
don me still further—the Senator undertook to say
that if we entered on this payment we should
charge the Treasury with some one or two hundred
millions in addition to its present burden. Why,
sir, that is an entire mistake. Even if we pay
everything that is contemplated by the resolution
of my colleague, I am told that the whole sum
will be little more than a million; much, I admit,
for us to charge unnecessarily upon the Treasury;
but not the very large sum which seemed to nil
the patriotic vision of the Senator.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Senator misun-
derstood my statement altogether. My statement
was, that if we were called upon now to go back
and increase the pay of the colored troops three
dollars a month more than the law provided, with
the same propriety we raightbe called upon to go
back and increase the pay of our white soldiers
because they thought that their pay had no-tbeen
enough; and that would add to the burdens of the
Treasury to a very large amount.
Mr. SUMNER. J accept the correction gladly.
Certainly I have no disposition to press anything
beyond the meaning of the Senator. But he will
allow me to say that I was hardly mistaken in his
argument. It was that we should charge the
Treasury with a burden which it could ill bear.
Now, if this money is due, let us charge the
Treasury with the burden; and that brings me
again to the direct question, is not the money
due? The Senator denied it; but he will pardon
me again if I say he hardly went into an argument
on that head. [ repeat, then, is the money due?
I dislike to trouble the Senate by going over topics
that have already been too much discussed; but I
trust they will excuse me if I state the case yet once
more. On many accounts I confess a special in-
terest in this question; but not the least is that I
would not have my country do an injustice, least
of all an injustice to people of a race too long
crushed by injustice.
The argument need not he long. In the first
place the statute of 1861 contains no words which
can be interpreted in any way to exclude the en-
rollment of persons of color under it. I challenge
any Senator to point to a single word in that stat-
ute which would authorize any such exclusion.
"You have then the statute in the case. That is
the first point. In the second place, you have the
order alreadyread from the Secretai y of Warad-
dressed to Governor Andrew authorizing an en-
rollment for three years, making in his order no
discrimination in any way between persons of
African descent and white soldiers. That is the
second point. You have then in the third place
the open promises and pledges of Governor An-
drew, under that order, and for the time being
undertaking to act as the agent of the United States,
solemnly promising the lull pay of thirteen dol-
lars a month to these colored persons as soldiers
of the United States. Then in the next place you
have the very terms of the enlistment subscribed
by these soldiers at the time of their enlistment,
which I read the other day, where it is expressly
stared that they entered into service under the
statute of 1861.
These four points—the statute of 1861, the or-
der of the Secretary, the promise of Governor
Andrew in behalf of the United States, and the
terms of enlistment—all these make a case by
which, as it seems to me, the Government is
bound, in face of these, how can it be said that
these colored troops were u employed " under the
statute of 1862? There is no ingenuity of inter-
pretation which can place them there.
That I am not mistaken m the facts oh which
1 found this argument, is apparent from a letter
winch { hold m my hand, written by one of these
soldiers now on Morris island. But I shall con-
tent myself with a brief extract:
"In the mouth oi Februuiv, liC3,(ioveriK>j John A. An-
drew announced that he had" permi-sjon from the War Ue-
paitmem to nu-e a regiment of infantry to he composed of
men of ( oior, Enli<un<? hejjan immediately, ami the /ifly-
fourth jesimcnt vva > filled t<> ovm flowing in three months.
The only inducement lie olfeied to these men was an ac-
knowledgment oi tlioir manhuod Foi he promised that
the United State* Government would treat them in citry
particular th« siwie nc oilier volunterj regiments from the
State of Maifeachusetta."
