2588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Mr. CONNESS. If this is only a part of it I
object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The report continues:
"The noble-hearted soldiers, seeing their labor of the last
efghtdayssweptavvaylnamoment,cheerfu]ly went to work
to repair damages, being confident now that ail the gun boats
would be finally brought over. These men had been work-
ing. eight days and nights up to their necks in water In the
broiling sun, cutting trees arid wheeling bricks, and noth-
ing but good humor prevailed among them. On the whole,
it was very fortunate the dam was carried away, as the
two barges that were swept away from the center swung
around against some rocks on the left and made a fine cush-
ion for the vessels, and prevented th«;m,asitaftenvards ap-
peared, from running on certain destruction.
" The force of the water and the current being too great
to construct a continuous dam at six hundred teet across
the river in so short a time. Colonel Bailey determined to
leave a gap of fifty-five feet In the dam and build a series
of wing dams on the upper falls. Tills was accomplished
in three days'tlme^mlonthellth instant ihe Mound City,
Carondelct, and Pitt>burg came over the upper falls, a good
deal of labor having been expended in hauling them through,
the channel being very crooked, scarcely wide enough for
them. Next day the Ozark, Louisville, Chillicothe, and
two tugs, also succeeded in passing the upper falls. Im-
mediately afterwards the Mound City,Carondeief, and Pitts-
burg started in succession to pass the (lain, all their hatches
battened down, and every precaution taken to prevent ac-
cident. The passage of those vessels was a most beautiful
eight, only to be realized when seen. They passed over
without an accident, except the unshipping of one or two
rudders. This was witnessed by all toe troops, and the
vessels were heartily cheered as they passed over. Next
morning at ten o'clock the Louisville, Chillicothe, Ozark,
and two "tugs passed over without any accident except tho
loss of a man, who was swept off the deck of one of the
tugs. By three o'clock that afternoon the vessels were all
coaled, ammunition replaced, and all steamed down the
river, with the convoy of transports in company. A good
deal ofdi/Iicnlty was anticipated in getting over the bars m
lower Red river; d«xpth ot water reported only five feet;
gunboats were drawing six. Providentially we had a me
from the back-water of the Mississippi, that river being
very high at that time, the back-water extending to Alex-
andria, one hundred and fifty miles distant, enabling us to
pass ail the bars and obstructions with safety.
u Words are inadequate to express the admiration t feo|
for the abilities of Lieutenant Colonel Hailey. This is with-
out doubt the best engineering feat over performed. Under
the best circumstances a private company would not have
completed this work under one year, and to an ordinary
mind the whole thing would hava appeared an utter im-
possibility. Leaving out Ins abilities as an engineer, the
credit he has conferred upon the country, he has saved to
the Union a valuable fleet tvortli nearly two million dollars.
More, he lias deprived the enemy of n triumph which would
have emboldened them to carry on this war a year or two
longer, for the intended departure of the aimy was a fixed
fact, and there was nothing left for me to do in case that
event occurred but destroying every part of the vessel's, so
that the rebels could make nothing of them. The highest
honors the Government can bestyw on Colonel fialley ean
ne.ver repay him for the service lie has rendered the coun-
try."
I move that the joint resolution he referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That order
will be made.
REMITTANCES TO INDIANS OF KANSAS.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senate now to take
up and pass a resolution of inquiry that I intro-
duced on Friday last, and which went over on the
objection of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis.] It is merely a resolution calling on one
of the Departments for a report in reference to the
funds in the hands of the Governtnentbelonging
to certain Indian tribes, winch will be passed with-
out opposition."
The motion was agreed to*, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider tlie following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
<iuesled {" I'mni^Ii the Senate an aeoonnt current between
tilt* Cuilal St.Uis ami the united band of Wea, Peoria, K.:h
kasiua, and I'iankeslmw Indian4: ot Kansas, since date of
their last treaty, (:sOl!l of May, 1854,) showing tile amount
and date ol each rt'iiiiltanee to said Indians under said
treaty, and on what account each remittance was made;
also showing the date of eaeli investment of tin; proceeds
of the landft of said Indians in State stoc k^, and amouutof
interest, if any, on said slocks, the date of investment, and
the lime during which interest was paid by tiic Glares le-
speetively owing said stocks, ami wiiat balance, if any, is
now in arrear and due said Indians cither oil account oi
Interest oil stocks or otherwise.
Resolved fuiiher, Thata similar account be furnished be-
tween the United States and Western Miami-: of Kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it would be as well
to lot that resolution go to the Committeeon Mil-
itary Affairs. These investigations are very la-
borious, and sometimes occupy the time of clerics
for years. We have had some such' papers be-
fore the committee during this session that have
occupied clerks in the office for a year and a half
last past. Unless there is some necessity for the
imposition of such immense labor on the Depart-
ment I would oppose the passage of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no particular objec-
tion to the reference. What this resolution calls
for would not take two hours' lime; butstill I have
no particular objection to the reference of the res-
olution to the Committee on Indian Affairs if the
Senator desires it to go there.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator agrees to the
suggestion I will move that it be referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
REVISION OF DISTRICT LAWS.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideration the joint resolution (S. No.
59) to provide for the revision of the laws of the
District of Columbia. It will not occupy five
minutes. It only contains one simple provision.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
As the revised code of the District of Colum-
bia, prepared under the authority of Congress,
entitled "An act to improve the laws of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to codify the same," ap-
proved March 3, 1855, and which was published
by order of Congress in the year 1857, is believed
to have been a comprehensive, complete, and accu-
rate compilation of the laws of the District at the
period of its execution, and measures should be
taken to have the work brought down to the
present time and perfected, the bill therefore in-
structs the Committees on the District of Colum-
bia of the two Houses of Congress, respectively,
to cause the code to be so revised, amended, and
corrected, and also the laws of Congress for the
District passed since that compilation, as shall
adapt them to the present condition of the laws;
and they may employ not more than two suita-
ble persons on the preparation of the work at a
compensation of ten dollars per day for the time
employed. Thecode so prepared is to be printed
by direction of the committees in a neat and con-
venient form for the use of the committees and
Congress; and the committees are to report it to
their respective Houses at the next session of
Congress for adoption.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
421) to pay, in part, for publishing the debates of
Congress, and for other purposes.
Tile motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of theWhole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
purchase from the publishers of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, for each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate in the present and each
succeeding Congress, who has not heretofore re-
ceived the same, one complete set of the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix.
The second section provides that there shall be
paid to the publishers of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, by the Secretary of the Senate and
the Clerk of the House of Representatives, out of
the contingent funds of the two Houses, according
to the number ofcopiesofthe Congressional Globe
and Appendix taken by each, one cent for every
five pages exceeding three thousand pages for a
long session, or fifteen hundred pages for a short
session, including the indexes and the laws of tile
United States for this and each future Congress.
The third section appropriates the sum of
£',98,544for the purposes named in the bill for the
present Congress; $30,424 of which is to be dis-
bursed by the Secretary of the Senate, and the re-
mainder by the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives.
The fourth section repeals all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent herewith; and the above pro-
visions are made upon the express condition that
they may be abrogated by either Congress or the
publishers of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix at any time after giving two years' notice
for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. If I remember aright, the first
section of this bill is in direct contravention of an
existing law, and one that has been pretty scru-
pulously observed ever since it has been passed.
1 do not know whether thus bill would repeal that
law or not. That law was passed a few years
ago, when the printing or purchasing of books for
the use of Congress had got to be a great abuse.
The whole subject was considered in connection
with the increased compensation of members of
Congress, giving them an annual salary instead
of a per diem. I have not that law before me,
and can only speak from recollection, but my rec-
ollection is that there was a condition in that law
that any books hereafter purchased by Congress
for distribution among its members should be
deducted from their pay; and I think that is the
law to-day. I do not know whether the Com-
mittee on Printing mean to repeal that law or not;
but my own impression is that that is a wise law.
It has been adhered to hitherto very strictly, and
I think it had better be adhered to hereafter.
A friend has just handed me a copy of the bill,
and 1 observe that the fourth section provides—
That all acts and parts of acts inconsistent herewith he,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. CONNESS. Do not discuss it.
Mr. HALE. I see that my friend from Cali-
fornia is impatient. I am opposed to this bill; I
think it has not been considered as it ought to be;
and I therefore move to postpone its further con-
sideration until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 have no objection to its
being postponed if it is postponed and made the
special order for to-morrow. I should like to have
it disposed of. It is a thing that so nearly con-
cerns the business of the Senate as to rise almost
to the importance of a privileged question. The
committee are quite indifferent whether the bill
passes or not; but they desire to have the action
and the decision of the Senate upon it, because,
unless Congress make some further compensation
for the publication of the Congressional Globe, it
must cease. Every person who is conversant
with the expenses of printing must know that this
must be the case, unless the contract has been
hitherto enormously profitable. As I explained
at considerable length the other day, it has been
sustained up to the present time,more than from
any other cause, by the pride which the late pro-
prietor, Mr. Rives, had in the publication. He
desired to have it as the monument of his life, and
he always felt a confidence that Congress would
at some future and not very remote time raise
the compensation to a living business. If it is
not the disposition of Congress to do that, let
the publication cease. 1 will not object to the
postponement; but I should like to have it made
the special order for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to making any
special orders in the morning hour. I hope it
will not be done. If it must be done, let it be
done by the Senate regularly.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, sir, I am not going
to press this bill against the desire of the Senate.
I have no more interest in it than any other Sen-
ator, and if it is the pleasure of the Senate to post-
pone it and let it go by, I shall not trouble my-
self about it. *
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us act upon it now.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yery well; that is what 1
would prefer to do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ne w Hamp-
shire to postpone the further consideration of the
bill until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I had not the slightest wish to
have the bill postponed except that I saw some
of my friends were a little impatientand I did not
want to take up time; hut I am as ready to act
upon it now as I shall be at any other period.
I am opposed to this hill on several accounts.
In the first place, it is indefinite; and, Mr. Presi-
dent, I appeal to you, not only as Presiding Offi-
cer of the Senate, but as a member of the Senate
on that point. If there is any subject on which
1 have been enlightened since I have been in the
Senate, it has been by remarks made by yourself
upon the indefiniteness of appropriations. You
have contended with a force, an energy, and a
distinctness which has impressed itselt on my
mind against the propriety of making indefinite
appropriations, the amount of which we do not
know. .
Now, sir, one cent is a very small sum indeed;
it is the smallest coin known to the law now;
but if there is any truth in arithmetic it may be
