1612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14.
next October, it is just as much evidence that they
will be there a year from next October. I cansee
no possible good in legislating in that way in ref-
erence to a matter that is to take place a year and
a.half hence. If we are to remove the Naval
Academy and fix it permanently, which I agree
ought to be done—that is, that it should be located
^permanently somewhere—I think we should make
that arrangement for the next year.
. Mr. GRIMES. The proposition as it now
Stands before the Senate leaves it discretionary
with the Government of the country to send it
back at an earlier day than the commencement of
theacademic year 1865, if the public interests will
admit of it. I am willing to leave it there. The'
argument that is urged in opposition to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois by the War
Department is that it will take some months to
remove the buildings and the materials that they
have accumulated on the Academy grounds. I
am not prepared to say that that is not so.
If the Senator says we are anticipating the legis-
lation of the next session of Congress, when we
meet at the next session, if we do not take any
affirmative action now on this subject, we shall
be met precisely as we are now, by being told that
the War Department is in possession of these
grounds, that they have got valuable improve-
ments there,and we must not subject them to the
expense and inconvenience ofimmediately remov-
ing them in order to make way for the restoration
of the Naval Academy. But, as my friend from
New Hampshire [Mr. Clark] suggests to me,
this proposition serves as a notice to the War
Department not to go on and make additional
improvements, but to be gradually moving them
off as fast as their interests and convenience will
admit of.
I certainly have no interest in connection with
this Naval Academy, except the inteiest tiiat 1
have in the naval service and in the country. No.
man is more anxious than I am to have it returned
to Annapolis at the earliest possible moment, but
I am entirely satisfied with the proposition as it
now stands before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly did not mean
to impugn the motives of any one.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not so understand the
Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not suppose any-
body had any other interest in this matter than
the promotion of the public interest. I certainly
have none other. 1 have assented to the argu-
ments that have been made here, showing that
the Academy is not properly provided for. 1
know some little about it, not very much, and 1
think that that is true; that better arrangements
ought to be made for the accommodation of the
midshipmen at the Naval Academy. It is because
I so believe that I think it desirable that we should
locate it sooner than a year from next Octobrr.
The reasons that have been suggested by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
have not struck me with any force. The fact that
General Burnside is assembling a force at An-
napolis preparatory to some expedition does not
militate against establishing the Academy at An-
napolis next October, for nobody supposes that
he is assembling forces at Annapolis for an ex-
pedition which is not to start for six months.
Nobody anticipates that. The forces -that he is
assembling at this time will have left there long
before that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Illinois, to
strike out li 1865" and insert 1864" in the
nmemlnvirt adopted m committee.
The amendment to (he amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on concurring in the amendment made as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and brin*
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Mc«ri. Brown, C.irlile, Clark, Oollamer, Con-
ner, Cow .in, Davis, Doolittle, FYs-endcu, Foster, Gi imr>s,
Hale, fJaihm, Hani*, Herniation, Hendricks Howe, John-
son, Lam- of Indiana, Lane of Kan^a*, Moiritl, NesuntU,
Fomi'inv. Powell, R.imm'v . Riddli',riaul:sbury, Van Winkle,
Wnk\.':uul Wilson—:W
NAY'S—Me^rs. Antlionj, Buck,dew, Chandler, Diton,
Sprague, Manner, Ten Eyek, Wilkinson, ami
Wnglit—It).
So the amendment was eoncuned in.
Mr. POWELL. I desire now to renew the
amendment I offered in Committee of the Whole
to repeal the fishing bounties. It is to insert as
a new section the following: -■*
%dnd be it further cnacted, That from und after the 1st
day of July, 1864, all acts and parts of acts granting allow-
ances or bounties on the tonnage of vessels employed in
the Bank or other cod fisheries be, and-the same are hereby,
repealed.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon this amend-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish simply to say that
I hope the Senate will not put this measure on
this bill, whatever they may conclude to do with
it afterwards.
Mr. HARRIS. When this proposition was
before the Senate in committee I voted in favor
of it, and I am now in favor of repealing these
bounties. I regard it as improper, in the present
state of the country and the present condition of
our finances, that the Government should be pay-
ing nearly half a million dollars for these boun-
ties. But I felt when I voted for it, and 1 feel
now, that there is an unfitness in attaching this
proposition to this appropriation bill; and upon
the assurance of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] that if the bill providing for their re-
peal shall not be reported by the Committee on
Commerce at an early day he will introduce the
proposition in another place, I shall vote against
this amendment now. ^
Mr. POWELL. Itfl not my puipose to enter
into any discussion on the subject; but I think
this is an eminently proper place to put this amend-
ment. This is the naval appropriation bill, and
it is a matter touching vessels. I do not think
there is an appiopriation bill on which it could
be placed more properly than this.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 sustained this amendment
the other day because I thought the measure a
good one; but there is some inconsistency, to my
mind, in placing it on an appropriation bill, and
as the chairman of the Finance Committee resists
any such legislation I shall not vote to put it on
the appropriation bill, but I shall sustain the meas-
ure at some other time.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Kansas has
anticipated the remark that I desired to make. I
should vote for the repeal of these bounties, but
in deference to the judgment and the opinion and
the expressed wish of the chairman of the com-
mittee who has the conduct of this bill, I shall not
vote to attach it to the present measure. I desire
to make this explanation, as 1 was not here when
the vote was taken on Tuesday.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 do not sec any more pro-
priety ill placing this amendment on the present
bill than there was in placing the amendment
upon the present bill which we have just put on
about removing the Naval Academy back to An-
napolis. It seems to me they both stand on the
same footing, and both are liable to the same ob-
jections. I voted, however,against the repeal of
the fishing bounties, and I shall vote so now,
though there seems to be a different rule applied
to different amendments.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall adopt what has been
said by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Har-
ris,} the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Brown,]
and the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,]
as my sentiment. I voted in favor of repealing
the fishing bounties at previous sessions of Con-
giess, and Pshall avail myself of the first oppor-
tunity I have to do so now. I hope, however,
that tiie Senate will permit me to say, in reply to
the suggestion of the Senator from New Jersey,
that there is a vast difference between this prop-
osition and that adopted by the Senate in regard
to the Naval Academy. Here it is sought to
overturn the settled policy of the Government for
sixty years in connection with the subject of the
fisheries, and to do it by independent legislation
upon an appropriation bill, to which, in the first
place, the subject is not germane, and in the next
place it is a question that has been committed by
the Senate to one of our committees, and that
committee has not reported upon it; what its re-
port may be I do not know and do not intend to
predict. The other proposition, which we have
just adopted, was merely to do that which has al-
ready indirectly been done by Congress, for, al-
though there may not have been any legislation
in past yeais affirmatively and absolutely estab-
lishing the Naval Academy at Annapolis, it has
been virtually established there by being recog-
nized us in existence there wfien we have made
appropriations.
Mr. ANTHONY. So at Newport.
Mr. GRIMES. The word "Newport" has
never been inserted in any of the appropriation
bills, and if the Senator will refresh his memory
he will find that we have had one or two contro-
versies on that subject. I believe! have succeeded
m having the word "Newport " stricken out.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was stricken out in the
Senate but not in the House of Representatives J
think.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator is mistaken. I
am confident as to that. But that is a past ques-
tion. 1 only say that I shall avail myself of the
first opportunity tha.t I have to vote to repeal the
fishing bounties, and I understand that the Sena-
tor from Ohio has pledged himself that he will
move this amendment upon a bill to which itwill
be germane, namely, that in regard to taxation,
which must necessarily come before the Senate,
so that, although the Committee on Commerce
may not report the repealing bill back to us, the
question is bound to come before us for consider-
ation within the next ten days.
Mr. WILKINSON. From the vote that was
taken the other day, and from the remarks that
are made here this morning, itis very evidentthat
a majority of the Senate are opposed to allowing
these fishing bounties; that is, opposed to taxing
tlic people at large to pay about a half million
• dollars annually to a certain class of people who
are employed in the fisheries; and yet Senators
are opposed to voting for it here because they say
it is out of place. This proposition has been be-
fore the Senate ever since I have been here, 1 think,
in some form 
Mr. POWELL. Will the Senator from Min-
nesota allow me a moment? I know he is friendly
to this proposition. There area numberof Sena-
tors who voted with us who declare that they will
not vote for it on this bill. If he will allow me 1
will withdiaw the amendment, and let the Senate
know that I shall move it to the revenue bill. I
do not wish to embarrass the friends of the meas-
ure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that is done, I
wish to say a word.
Mr. WILKINSON. I only wish to say one
word, and that is that I shall vote for this amend-
ment, unless it is withdrawn, here or anywhere
else that my vote will tend to repeal the law grant-
ing the fishing bounties.
Mr. POWELL. I so understood the Senator;
but others seem to think this is not the proper
place, and I will reserve it for the revenue bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply want to make
a remaik before the amendment is withdiawn.
Mr. POWELL. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very sorry to hear
so many of our friends exptessing themselves as
they have done on this subject; hut it is "suffi-
cient for the day" if 1 accomplish one good ob-
ject, and that is to keep legislation of this kind
off the appropriation bills, which I believe very
important and necessary in the business of the
Senate. But I will say to my friends who have
avowed that their minds are tending in a partic-
ular direction in regard to the proposition itself,
that when the proper time comes perhaps we
may be able to persuade them that there are two
sides to the question, and that they have expressed
their opinions a little prematurely on the subject.
1 hope they will hold themselves open to convic-
tion.
I will also say that I think it a little unkind that
our friends should be very anxious for this repeal
when the honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] avowed yesterday that he had always
been in favor of these fishing bounties, but he
was now, although in favor of them as a general
principle, in favor of taking them off, because
New England, and particularly Massachusetts
and Maine, had behaved so very badly on the
slavery question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. POWELL. Y.'s, sir.
Mr. ANTirlONY. I wish ro offer on amend-
ment from the Committee on Naval Affaiis:
For the pay of mileage of viMtors to t lie Nava! Academy,
$2,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. if the Committee on Na-
