1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLOBE.
multiplied so many times as to count up to a very
large sum." Let us see what this one cent, that
harmless "Cent, amounts to in this second section:
Sec. 2. Jfnd be it further enacted, That there shall be
paid to the publishers of tho Congressional Glohe and Ap-
pendix,!^ the Secretary of tlie Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives, out of the contingent funds of
the two [louses, according to the number of copied of the
Congressional Globe and Appendix taken by each, one cent
for every five pages exceeding three thousand pages for a
long session, or fifteen hundred pages for a short session,
including the indexes and the laws of the United States for
this and each future Congress.
Now, I should like to know from the chairman
of the committee if the committee have made an
estimate of what that will amount to.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does the Senator want an
answer?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir; right here.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator would listen
to the very few remarks that I make with as
much attention as I do to the much more ex-
tended and better ones that he makes, he would
have known that I explained this whole matter
when I reported the bill. I did not wish the
Senate to vote blindly. Of course it is impossi-
ble to tell precisely what this one cent for every
five pages will amount to; for it is not within the
power of mortal comprehension to conceive how
long it may suit members to speak, and as the
Congressional Globe reports everything that is
said, and every Senator says as much as he
pleases, it is impossible to tell in the beginning
how long the Globe maybe spun out. Itisveiy
proper, therefore, that, fixing the price of the
Globe at a certain sum, it should be for a certain
number of pages, and then if the debates shall
extend to a larger number of pages that there
shall be some additional compensation. It is very
proper that that compensation should be in pro-
portion to the number of pages printed. Taking
the last Congress as the average, the excess of
one cent for every five pages will amount to
$42,000, as I stated when I introduced the bill.
There were three sessions during that Congress,
and they were pretty long ones. I think the Con-
gressional Globe for the last Congress is larger
than it ever was before; I am not able to say
about that; but according to that average it will
make $42,000.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I think the whole
thing is injudicious, 1 think it has a tendency to
encourage talk, andthatdoes notneed any encour-
agement. I wonder that the sagacity of our Com-
mittee on Finance in seeking for sonrfe subject of
taxation has not led them to tax this eternal gab-
ble that is practiced in all the branches of the
Government. I think we could get a very hand-
some revenue out of a tax levied on every speech
exceeding fifteen minutes over an hour. I see
that my friend from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
looks rather pale at such a proposition,[laughter;]
but still I think it would be a judicious one.
Mr. JOHNSON. Itison your account. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Committee on
Finance will introduce no such measure. If they
do it will bankrupt the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and we do not want to see that. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. That remark of the Senator is,
based rather upon a supposition of my poverty
than an experience of my talk. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, this practice of setting
down everything that is said here is unwise and
injudicious. 1 remember the first time that I was
in the State of Ohio. I was something of a lion
at that time, [laughter,] and the late Joshua R.
Giddings, of whose death we have heard with so
much sorrow lately, acted as my trumpeter on
that occasion. I was called upon by radicals of
all ages, sexes, and conditions, and among the
rest there came to me a strong-minded woman,
with her heart fall of sympathy for the laboring
classes. In her benevolence slie had drawn out
a plan for their amelioration and elevation; and
what do you suppose it was? Why, that there
should be a newspaper printed at the seat of the
national Government every day which should
contain every word that was said in both Houses
of Congress that day. [Laughter.] She thought
that would be a remedy that would cure all the
social evils that afflicted society. I looked at her
with a little astonishment. I asked her if she had
ever seen the New York Courier and Inquirer.
She said she never had. I told her it was about
the size of a small bed-quilt, und if it was printed
all over in small type it would not contain every-
thing that was said in both Houses of Congress
duringaday. [Laughter.] She wanted to put this
paper into the hands of every laboring man in the
community; so I asked her this question: (i Do
you not think if you were to put that paper into
the hands of the laboring men of the country and
tell them that they must read it through that day,
it would be the hardest day's work they ever did?
Again," said I, "suppose the laboring class
have time to read so much, do you not think it
barely possible that they might find some more
profitable reading?" [Laughter.] The woman
nad the sense to sit still and did not answer, and
that question never has been answered to this day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morning
hour having expired, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order of the day.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I am perfectly willing.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senate is ready to
take a vote on this bill i should like to have it
disposed of now.
Mr. HALE. 1 have not got through with it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope, then, that the Com-
mittee on Finance will introduce the tax that the
Senator from New Hampshire suggests. I should
like to have it while this bill is under considera-
tion. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
will resume the consideration of the tax bill.
Mr, POWELL. I move that the tax bill be
temporarily passed over to enable us to take a vote
on this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from New
Hampshire says he has not got through with his
remarks.
Mr. POWELL. Well, we can allow the Sen-
ator to conclude.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I prefer to go on with
the tax bill. 4
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection be-
ing made, the special order is before the Senate.
INTERNAL REVENGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
405) to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes, the pending question be-
ing on the amendment offered by Mr. Sherman
to'strike out the one hundred and ninth section of
the bill and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
banks and banking.
Sec. 109. And he it juither enacted, That there shall be
levied, collected, and paid a duty of one twenty-fourth of
one per cent, each mouth upon the average amount of the
deposits of money, subject to payment by check or draft,
with any person, bank, association,or corporation engaged
in the business of'banking, other than association'; organ-
ized and established under and by virtue of  <An act to pro-
vide a national currency, secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to piovide for the ciiculution and re-
demption thereof,"appioved February 25,1863; and a duly
of one twenty-foui th of one per cent, each month, as afore-
said, upon the aveiage amount of capital .stock invested in
such business, beyond the amount invested m United States
bonds. And on the first Monday of every mouth of each
yeai a true and accurate icturn of the amount of deposits
and of capital, as aloresaid, shall be made and rendered to
the assessor of the district in which such bank, associa-
tion, or corporation may be located, or in whicli such per-
son may reside, by all such p«*i sous, banks, associations,
or corporations, with,a dcclaiation annexed thereto, and
the oath or animation of such person, or of the president
or cashier of such bank, association, or corporation, in such
form and manner as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal llevenue, that the same contains a true
and faithful statement of tiie amount of capital and depos-
its. as aforesaid; and shall also deliver a copy of said re-
turn to the collector of the district, and shall, within each
and every month, pay to said collector the duty of one
twenty-fourth of one per cent, on the amount of deposits,
and of one twenty-fourth of one per cent, on the capital so
returned. And for any neglect to make or render such re-
turn and payment, as aforesaid, every such person, bank,
association,"or eoipoiation shall be subject to and pay a
penalty of $1,000, besides the additions, penalties, and tor-
teitures in other eases provided; and the amount or depos-
its and capital shall, in default of the proper return, be es-
timated by the assessor upon the best information he can
obtain, and every &ueh penalty, together with the duties as
aforesaid, may be recovered fot the use of the United .States
in any court of competent juiisdiction. And every person,
and every bank, association, or corporation,other than as-
sociations organized and established undei and by virtue
of 'cA i act to provide a national curteney, secured by a
pledge of United Stfites &tocka, and to piovide for the uir
cnlation and redemption thereof," approved  , issu-
ing notes, bills, or obligations calculated or intended to cir-
culate as money, shall pay a duty of one sixth of one per
cent, each month on the average amount of such uoteJ,
bills or other obligations in circulation during the pieced-
lug mouth, or which, having been issued, shall remain in
circulation; and shall, on tlie first Monday of each and'
every month, make and deliver to the assessor of the dis-
trict in* which such hank, association, or corporation may
be located, or in which such person may reside, a true, and
accurate return of the apiqunt of notes, bills,'or ojther obli- .
gatlons so issued, whether in' circulation or In itsfajjiisj '
or elsewhere, in possession or on deposit, and shall annex'
to every such return a declaration, with the oath or affirms
atton of such person, or of the president or cashier of such
bank, association, or corporation, in such form and "manner
as may be directed by the Commissioner^ Interna! Rev-
enue, that the same contains a true and faithful statement
of the amount of circulation as aforesaid % and shall deliver
a copy of said return to the collector of the district in wbleh
said person resides, or in which the said bank', association,"
or corporation is located; and shall, within ten days from'
the first Monday in each and every month,pay to said col-
lector the said duty of one sixth of one percent, on the av-
erage amount of its ciiculation as aforesaid, not including
that in vault or on deposit for the said bank. And for any
neglect to render or make such return and payment aa
aforesaid, every s>uch person, bank, association, or corpo-
ration shall pay a penalty of one per cent, on the amount
of notes, bills', or other obligations issued as aforesaid,
which amount shall, in default of the proper return, he es-
timated by the assessor upon the best information he can
obtain; and every such penalty may he recovered for the
use of the UniUKl States in any court of .competent juris-
diction: Provided^ That all banks, associations, corpora-
tions or individuals, issuing notes or bills for circulation
as currency, shall be liable to and pay the additional dirty of
one third of one per cent, each ,month upon the average
amount of such currency, not including that in vault or on «
deposit for the said bank, Issued beyond the amount ofnlnety
por cent, of its capital stockpaid in. In the case of banks
with blanches, the duty herein provided for shall be im-
posed upon the circulation of *ach branch, severally, and
the amount of capital of each branch bhall be considered
to be the amount allotted to or used by such branch. And
the additional duty herein provided for shall be collected
and paid at tiie times and in the manner hereinbefore spe-
cified. And so much of an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide ways and means for'the support of the Government,"
approved March U, 1863, as imposes any tax on banks, their
circulation,.capital, or deposits other than is herein pro-
vided, is hereby repealed.
Mi-. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I am op-
posed to the amendment of the Senator from Ohio
and also to the provision of the bill that he pro-
poses to amend. The people of the State I in
part represent have not any great pecuniary in-
terest in the question of the taxation of the circu-
lation of banking institutions. The circulation
of California is a circulation of gold and silver
coin, and is not to be affected by this bill as it
stands in the original text or as it is proposed to
be amended by the Senator from Ohio; but ther^
are considerations in which the people of this
whole country are concerned as a matter of policy
if the views indicated by the Senator from Ohio
are to be carried into legislation. I may say for
myself here that I have always been and am now
opposed upon principle to all banks of circulation.
We have found practically in that portion of the
country from which I come that hanks which
confine themselves to the office of transacting the
business between merchants arid citizens can do
that business as well without a paper circulation
as with it,and even much better. While the sys-
tem of banks without circulation is quite as con-
venient, it is much more for the health of the
business of the country. The truth of this gen-
eral proposition has been demonstrated by all
those who have written on this subject for the last
century. The experience of the world proves it.
Nevertheless, banks of circulation have existed
throughout the older States for a long period and
have become a substantial feature of the system
of business in all those States. I suppos* there
is not a State among th^ old States of the Union
that has not banks of circulation; and in New
England particularly every city and every town
and every considerable village has its bank for
the local accommodation of the people. The
young mechanic is dependent upon the bank in
his neighborhood for his first facilities in engaging
in business, and the young trader having a rep-
utation for integrity and character is dependent
upon the local bank for his first facilities in car-
rying on trade. Tliey are a part of the estab-
lished system of the country. It is nowproposed
openly by the Senator from Ohio, and substan-
tially by the bill itself, to make a destructive war
upon all these institutions, to uproot and destroy
them.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow rae to
ask him what war the bill proposes to make upon
these banks?
Mr. McDOUGALL. The bill itself in its tax-
ation, indeperidentof the amendment,makes that
war, although the amendment is much more rad-
ical than the bill itself.
Mr. HOWE. The bill itself proposes no rate
