TffEi. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
respohsibility upon, the officer and not upon the
man. T wiii not undertake to say that if a mili-
tary officer.directs all his ,men to strip, and then
lets them?get whipped so-that they cannot.recover
the property that he has eaused them to leave
back'&t-softie other place* the Government ought
not lo be responsible; and I will not undertake to
say that we ought #ot. to pay the soldiers in ail
ithe easesahat have been put by the Senator from
New Jersey and- the Senator from Michigan, -1
a hi only speaking n'ow as to what has been the
practice hitherto, and the principle on which I
understand that it'hag always been based. I only
-know that.it was a tradition that had been Jong
in existence,.as I 'understood, when I took my
place herein the Senate, that we always paid, 1
vthirvk, originally, sixty dollars (and it has been
reduced since the rebellion broke out to fifty dol-
lars) to ail those seamen who lost property where
the vessel went down; in other words, we made
good their kit.
But then there is another tiling which we should
takeinto consideration. We pay our sailors four-
teen orsixteen dollars* month, and we make them
pay for their own-clothing out of it. Thatamounts
-to over eighty dollars a year; 1 hay,e a statement
in my desk showing the exact amount. But you
.pay your soldiers the stipend that you agree to
-pay -them, and give them clothing in addition. If
•they are stripped before the battle, and the battle
is lost,'and they, are not able to recover their
clothing, who makes it up?
Mr. CHANDLER. The soldier is chaiged
- with it.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know how that is.
The joint resolution was ordered tobeengrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time.
. Mr. TEN EYCK. This isan mipoitantques-
tion, and as 1 can foresee that millions of dollars
"may be dependent upon it growing out of all
this, I should like to have the expression of the
Senate on the subject, and i therefore ask for the
yeas and nays on the final passage of the joint
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS — IWessrs. Anthony, Brown, ftuokulew, CJruk,
Collamer, Conner, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolitlio, JFVs-
seuden, Foster, Grimes, Hale, Harding, IJaiJan, liarris,
Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, I'omeroy, PovV-
eil, Ramsey, Riddle, Sunnier,Trumbull, Van WinkU*, Wil-
- ley, and WiNon—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Henderson, Howard, Slw-
, man, Sprague, and Ten Eyok—6.
So the joint resolution was passed.
THANKS TO ADMIRAL PORTER.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 13) tendering thanks of Congress to
Admiral Porter was considered as in Committee
* of the Whole. It tenders the thanks of Congress
to Admiral David D. Porter, commanding the
Mississippi squadron, for the eminent skill, en-
durance, and gallantry exhibited by him and his
squadron, in cooperation with the Army, in open-
ing the Mississippi river.
Thejoint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
LOSS OF THE CINCINNATI.
On motion of Mr. HALE, thejoint resolution
(H. R. No. 21) relative to the accounts of the
petty officers, seamen, and others of the crew of
the United States gunboat Cincinnati, was con-
sidered as m Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, in settling the accounts of the
petty officers, seamen, and others of the crow of
the United States gunboat Cincinnati, to allow to
each of them all back pay and a sum not ex-
ceeding fifty dollars for loss of clothing and other
property, by the sinking of the vessel in the Mis-
sissippi river, near Vicksburg, on the 27th of
May, 1863.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
VOLUNTEER NAVAL APPOINTMENTS.
On motion of Mr. HALE, the bill (H. R. No.
370) to appoint certain officers of the Navy was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It had
been reported from Hie Committee on Naval Af-
fairs with two amendments, the first of winch was I
in the firs* section, to strike out in lines three apd
four the *,wprds " Secietary of the Navy,"and in-
sert t-he woids " President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate;" so to make
the sfiction read: .
That for and during the present insurrection tile Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consyqt.of the Senate, is
hereby authorized to appoint acting lietitenants and acting
'eoinmandefrs, who shall havfir the rate of compensa-
tion as is aliowed to officers o£ similar grade in the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next, amendment was to strike out the Sec-
ond and third sections of the bill, as follows:''
Snc. 2. Jind be it /wither enact'd, That the, proviso in
section ten, chapter one bundled and eighty-tbiee, of an
act to establish and equalize thegrade of line officers oft he
United States Navy, appioved July 16, 1862, be,and the
same is hereby, repealed, and that said section shall read as
follows:
Sec. 3 he it further enacted, That any peison who
shall have received, or shall hereafter receive, a temporaiy
appointment as acting volunteer lieutenant or acting mas-
lei in the Navy, ftom civil life, authorized by act ot Con-
gress of July 24, 1861, may be confirmed in t^aid appoint-
ment in the Navy and placed in the line of pioniotion from
the date of said continuation, if, upon the recommendation
of the President, ne receives* the thanks of Congress lor
highly meritorious conduct in conriiet with the enemy.
Seamen distinguishing themselves, in battle, oi by extraor-
dinary heroism in the line of their profession, may be pro-
moted to forward warrant officers oracting masters' mates,
as they may he be^r qualified, upon the lecormucndation of
then commanding ollicer, appioved by the fla«-offiet,r and
the Pepaitment. Upon such piomotion they shall receive
;i gratuity of ."$100, and a medal of honor, to be prepared by
the Navy Department.
Mr. HALE. The tenth section of the act of
July 16, 1862, is as follows:
u Jlnd be it fui titer enacted, That any person who shall
have received, or shall hereafter receive, a temporary ap-
pointment as-acting volunteer lieutenant, or acting'master
ni the Navy, from civil life, authoi ized by the act of Con-
gie.-- of July '24, 1881, nun be confirmed in said appoint-
ment m the Navy, and placed in the line ot promotion from
the date ol said eonfiim.ition, i(, upon the lecommendation
of the Piesident, h« joccives the thank-? of Congress for
highlv incritmion.' conduct in conflict with the enemy:
Provided, The number ot otfieeia allowed in' each grade by
tin?-act >hall not be increased theieby. Seamen distin-
guishing themselves m battle, oi by extraotdtnary heroism
m the line of their proiesMon, may be piomoted to forw ard
wnriant oflW.'is ot acting ma^teis' mate*, as they may be
best qualified, upon the recommendation of their com-
manding officei, appioved by the flag-oflieer and the De-
railment. (ipnn suijh ptomotion they shall teeeive a
gia[mt\ of .$101), and a im'daJ of honor, to he prepared by
the Navy Depaiunent,"
The Naval Committee thought unanimously
that that clause had better stand as it was in the
original bill, and therefore they recommend the
striking out of these sections. The proposed
change is to strike out the proviso preventing
such an appointment unless there is a vacancy in
the grade.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike out in the
first section of the bill the words l< and acting com-
manders." The bill as it now stands, without
the adoption of the amendment which I propose,
authoiizes the appointment of acting lieutenant
commanders and acting commanders. I do not
think there is any necessity for authorizing the
creation of this giadeof acting commanders. At
present there is no higher acting appointment than
an acting lieutenant. If the amendment which 1
propose be adopted, the bill as it will then stand
will give the President the power to appoint act-
ing lieutenant commanders—one higher grade of
acting appointments than can now be appointed.
1 do not think there is any necessity for going
another grade beyond that.
The present pay of a lieutenant commander
when at sea is #2,343, when on shore $1,875, and
when doing nothing §1,500. An acting officer
when promoted to the grade of lieutenant com-
tWndfr, and doing nothing, will get as much as
a master gets at sea. I think the tendency of the
passage of the bill as it stands will be probably
to cieate trouble in the Department. It will au-
thouze the creation of acting commanders who
will rank lieutenant commanders in the jegnlnr j
service, who have been in the service ever since 1
1839. The oldestlieutenanteommaixteis that we 1
have now have been in the service since 1839 i
twenty-five years. I do not think there is any j
piupnetyin putting these acting officers over men i
who have been twenty-five years serving iheir !
country. °
Mr. HALE. I have no feeling about this mat-
ter, hut I will slate the views that governed the
committee. 1 he Department have found them-
selves embarrassed by having such a very large
number of acting officers, with no way of pro-
moting them in any other manner than by putting
.them into the regular Navy. Some time since a
resolution was adopted by the Senate instructing
the Committee on Naval Affairs to inquire ifthere
might hot be some way of promoting these actipg
officers, or officers of the volunteer Navy as you
may call them, as is done with regard to volun-
teer officers in the Army, . 'Pretty soon after that
.resolution was passed this bill caime from the
House of Representatives, and the Senate,com-
mittee thought upon the whole they had better
adopt this section of it.
Some two years ago the Secretary of the Navy
sen t to the Senate a large list of officers who had
resigned from the Navy,and who were reinstated
in tiie regular Navy. He nominated them for
the positions from which tliey had resigned, and
after a long contest—the matter was before the
Senate two or three tunes—the Senate finally con-
firmed them. To that course 1 was opposed, and
1 believe the Senator who.moves this amend-
ment was opposed to it^ but it was finally carried.
I trust 1 am not offending against the proprieties
of the Senate when 1 feay that similar nomina-
tions are now pending before the body.
The difficulty fa, that no matter how meritori-
ous these officers are, how gallantthey are, how
much they distinguish themselves, there is no
chance open to them for promotion higher than
a lieutenant, or, if the bill be amended as now
proposed, a lieutenant commander. I do not know
that there can be any serious difficulty growing
out of the fact that one of these volunteer officers
may command a junior who is in the regular
Navy, because that thing occurs in the Army
every day; volunteer officers are appointed brig-
adier generals of volunteersand command officers
of the line who have been in the service a great
while. If, however, the'Senate think differently,
I have not the slightest feeling on earth in regard
to it, and the Senate may take their o\yn course
in relation to it.
Mr. GRIMES. ,In the Army we do not put
a volunteer officer and let him take command
over a senior regular officer in the same regiment. ,
It will be obseaved by the Senate that the Anny
and Navy are very differently organized. The
Navy stands as one regiment—the Army as di-
vided up into regiments. You never promote a
man from a lower rank in a regiment to the high-
est rank in the regiment to command his seniors
in the service. You sometimes promote him and
make him a general officer, but then he is taken
out of the regiment; so that there is no analogy
between the organization of the Army and the
Navy. But this proposition, as I understand the
bill, is not to authorize the appointment of these
men into the legular JNavy, but it merely confers
authority on the President of the United States
to make these acling appointments of higher
grades. Now, is there no necessity^r it? Mas
the Navy Department ever asked for it? If the
bill shall be passed as 1 propose tp amend it, it
will authorize the appointment of a higher grade
than any of them havetieen entitled to, and will
give those so appointed a pay of nearly twenty-
five hundred dollars a year when at sea. Is not
that enough? Can we affoid to do better for
them than that?
When the bill comes up which proposes to take
these volunteer officer into the Navy proper, I
shall be prepared to vote to transfer them to the
regular Navy, under proper restrictions and regu-
lations, after they have gone through a proper
examination. But that is not the question now.
The question now is, whether we shall authorize
the appointment of acting volunteer officers of a
inghei grade than that ot a lieutenant commander.
I have no inteiest in it, and have no feeling in it,
as the Senator has said that he has none; but I
do not believe there is any necessity for that, and
1 think that the bill as it was ongitmliy piopo&ed
only included lieutenant commandcis, but by
s<*me amendment in the House of Representa-
tives, at the instance of one'geiiileman, the words
"and acting commanders" were inserted.
Mr. AJN1HONY. I do not understand that
this bill requires any appointment of acting
commanders, and if trouble would arise in the
Depai tiuent, as the Senator suggests, the Depart-
ment can proti ct itself by not making the appoint-
