1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
WW
ments. The hill merely confers authority to
make them. I do tsot see why they should not
have the authority; .and if it is inconvenient, the
very place where the inconvenience would first
be seen would be the Depaument.
Mr. GRIMES. The very place where the in-
convenience would be first seen would be light
here on the floor of the Senate. Every member
of the Senate will be importuned to sign recom-
mendations for this man and that man to be pro-
moted to the^grade of an acting commander, and
there will be a pressure made upon the President
of the United States to appoint all the men who
have been acting lieutenants to be acting com-
manders. It has been the policy of the Navy De-
partment—I do not say whether properly or im-
properly—to put volunteer officers in command
of blockaders and require the regular officers to
serve on board fighting ships. The result is th< t
a good many blockade vessels have been captured
by the acting officers, and the newspaper report-
ers immediately trumpet these officers to the coun-
try as the most accomplished, and daring, and
couiageous officers in the world. They have their
friends here, or if they are not here they will come
here, and they will make applications to the De-
pal tment and to the Piesident to appoint them to
the grade of acting commanders, and it will be
impossible for'them to resist their applications.
It is for us to decide whether it is necessary that
this grade s.hould be created, and not for us to
create it and then ieave it to the executive offi-
cers to determine whether they will fill it or not.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenateasamended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read athiid time. The Ml was read
the third time, and passed.
PROMOTIONS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HALE. I move to take up for consider-
ation House bill No. 303, toamend an act entitled
"An act^ to establish and equalize the grade of
line officers of the United States Navy,"approved
July 16, 1862.
The motion was agreed to; and'the Senate, as
in Committee* of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
It pi ovides that no line officer of the Navy, upon
the active list, below the grade of commodore,
nor any other naval officer, shall be promoted to
a higher giade, until his mental, moral, and pro-
fessional fitness to perform all his duties at sea
shall be established to the satisfaction of a board
of examining officers to be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States. The board is to have
power to take testimony—the witnesses when
present to be sworn by the president of the board
—and to examine all matter on the files and rec-
ords of the Depaitment sn relation to any officer
whose case shall be considered. The examining
board is to consist of not less than three officers,
senior m rank to the officer to be examined. Any
officer to be acted upon by the board may be
present, if he desires it; and his statement of his
case, on oath, and the testimony of witnesses, and
his examination, are to be recorded. Any mat-
ter on the files and lecords of the Department
touching each case as may, m the opinion of the
board, be necessary to assist them in making up
their opinion, is, together with the whole record
and finding, to be presented to the President for
his approval or«disapproval of the finding; and
no officer is to be rejected until after such public
examination of himself and the records of the De-
partment m his case, unless he fails to appear be-
fore the board after having been duly notified.
No officer in the naval service is to be promoted
to a higher grade upon the active list until he has
been examined by a board of ria\al surgeons and
pronounced physically qualified to pei form all his
duties at s(;a. All officers whose cases shall have
been acted upon by the boards, and who shall
not have been recommended for promotion by both
of them, are to be placed upon the retired list;
and if the disqualification of any officer so re-
tired occurred m the line of his duty, or in con-
sequence of his honorable fulfillment of the term
active service prescribed by law, he is to be placed
upon the retiied list one grade higher than that
from which he was retiied.
AH officers not recommended for promotion
under the fourth section of the act of July 16,
1862, may present themselves for examination,
according to the provisions of this bill, and if
found duly qualified,and such finding be approved
by the President, they are to be promoted to the
same grade and place as if they had been recom-
mended by the board, and to receive the corre-
sponding pay according to the service which they
have performed from the date of their rank to that
of their promotion. And no further promotions
are to be made upon the active list until the num-
ber in each grade is reduced to that provided by
law.
It is further piovided that any officer in the
naval service, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, may be advanced, not ex-
ceeding thirty numbers, in his own grade, for
distinguished conduct in battle or extraordinary
heroism. The President may appoint paymas-
ters of the fleet and engineers of the fleet in the
same manner, and with the same rank and pay
as fleet surgeons; and the retired pay of surgeons,
paymasters, engineers, and other sUtff officers in
the Navy is to be the same as that of the retired
officers of the line of the Navy with whom they
have relative rank.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no objection to the bill;
but i desire to call the attention of the Senate to
one fact. Dsuppose that if the bill shall pass, it
will create thirty or forty rear admirals, and the
question is whether that is the intention of the
Senate.
Several Senators. How is that?
Mr. GRIMES, it retires everybody who may
be letired, to a grade higher than he occupies on
the active list, and it is retrospective so as to apply
to those already retired or on the reserved list, as
I understand it. 1 do not know the number; per-
haps I ought to say from twenty to forty.
Mr. HALE. YV"hat is the section to which the
Senator icfcrs?
Mr. GRIMES. The fourth section. I do not
wish jt to be understood that I interpose any ob-
jection to the bill, but I only want the Senate to
know what it is. The fourth section reads as
follows:.
No officer in the naval service shall be promoted to a
higher giade Uiei em, upon the active list, until he lias been
crammed by a bo,ml of naval smgeons, ami pronounccd
physically qualified to perform nil Ins duties at sea. Aad
all officers whose c.kps shall have been acted upon by the
afoj csaid bo.mlsjiiml who shall not nav: been lecwntmended
foi promotion hv liotii ot tin m, shall b<' placed upon the le-
tircd list. And if the d'sqyahfication of any officer so le-
tned occmied in tin1 line ot his duty, oi 13 m consequence
ol ln^ honorable fulfillment ot the let in 01 active set vice pre-
senhed In law, lie shall be placed upon the rented list one
giade higher than that fiom winch he was retired.
That, would place afl the retired commodores,
if they can go before a boaid—and I understand
tha.t by the piovisions of the bill th^y are to go
before a boaid—on the retired list as admirals,
because there is another section making this pro-
Vision ietiospc< tive, and to apply to the action of
the board that was convened under the act to
which this is an amendment
Air. "MALE. It occms tome that that difficulty
Can be avoided by putting at the end of the fifth
section a proviso like this: "Piovided there is a
vacancy in that grade existing by law."
Mr. GRIMES, it might bedonem that way;
but if it is desired to change it, would it not be
better to Say, " No one shall be letued to a giade
higher than that of commodore?1'
Air. HALE. 1 have no objection totliat. Either
amendment would obviate the difficulty. •
Mi. JOHNSON. Let me ask what is the dif-
ference between the pay of a commodore and a
rear admiral on the retiied list?
Mr. HALE. I have not got the pay list heie,
but then- is a ditlVience.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very little, I think.
Mr. HALE. No; it is considerable.
Air. GRIMES. The difference of pay is nom-
inal.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I thought.
Air. GRIMES. A rear admiral on the retired
list draws £,2,1)00 a year, and a commodote on the
retired list §1.800.
Mr. JOHNSON. A difference of £200 only.
Mr. GRIMES. These commodores, though on
the retired list, are not actually retired, because
they are all in employment, but they are in em-
ployment on shore, and probably will continue
to be. The leal difference, therefore, would be
the difference between the shoie-duty pay of a
rear admiral, wh^ch is $4,000,and the shore-duty
pay of a commodore, which is $3,200—a differ-
ence of $800 a year in the case of eacli one.
Mr. JOHNSON, The promotion under tfais
bill, if it shall pass, of the number of commodores,
or of any commodore, only arises, as I under-
stand it, where the paity has been by service in
war disqualified from going upon the active list.
Mr. GRIMES. Not in war;. by continued
service.
Mr. JOHNSON. That would be in.war ori)i
peace. The language of the section is: ;
And if the disqualification of any officer so retired oc-
curred hi the line of hi? duty, or is in consequence of fiis
honoiable fulfillment of the term of active service prescubed
by law, he shall be placed upon the retired list one grade
higher than that from which be was retired.
I was about to say that after an officer has
served with distinction faithfully throughout the
whole period of time he has been in the Navy up
to the time when his disqualification in conse-
quence of that service commences, it would seem
to be treating him with somewhat of severity to
deny him promotion. These officers, [think,value
moie the piomotiou and the rank than they do
the pecuniary compensation which the rank may
carry. A commodore who may be disabled by
wounds in battle—for it applies to him as well as
to any such officer who from any other cause
turns out to be disqualified for active service—is
to go on the retired list, and he would feel him-
self, I think, seriously injured in reputation if he
was not given the higher rank of rear admiral.
Mr. GRIMES. There are none promoted on
retuement now.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know thai; but this is to
provide for it. My ftiend from Iowa suggests
the difference in pay (which is comparatively
nothing) if they remain on shoie duty after being
put upon the retired list; but that is by no means
the difference which there will be if they are put
upon active duty on the ocean; and he supposes
that a good many of these officers who may not
be able to stand the test which they are to be sub-
jected to before the board may still be perfectly
capable of doing full duty on shore or full duty
at sea. Now, to such I suppose it would not be
anything but right to give them the rank that this
bill proposes in that case to give them. You
ought not to make them during life remain still
as commodores, although they may up to the
period of the termination of life, whether that
occurs by reason of disease or in battle, be able
to do the duly of the higher rank. Personally,
therefore, I should prefer, out of regard to those
officers and foi the good of the service, that the
bill should stand as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. I have no desire one way or
the other about this mattei. I do not believe,
however, in the idea that when you do retire a
man you should retire him to a giade above that
which he had before. It was with a great deal
of difficulty that wo earricd through a retiring
bill here at all, and now we are advancing, ac-
coiding to the piovisions of this bill, one step
further, and not only giving him the retired pay
of the grade to which he belonged at the time he
was icurcd, but we are going to retire him with
the pay of a grade higher than that to which he
belonged at the time lie was retired. It is very
easy for anybody to see, who will refer to the
Register, that all these retired officers, or nearly
ail of them, are employed; they are in the perform-
ance of shore duty; and therefore when we come
to estimate what the difference is between their
present pay, or what their pay would be if they
weie retired 111 the grade in which they now are
and the pay they will receive when retired to the
grade next above that in winch they now are,
you must calculate the difference between the
shore-duty pay of those two grades. The differ-
ence between the shore-duty pay of a commo-
doicand an admiral is #8U0 a year. Thenumberon
the reined iist, according to the Register of last
year, of these commodores who may become
rear admirals under the operation of' this bill, it it
shall be enacted, is twenty. This bill I have not
paid much attention to, and it only occurred to
me while it was being lead that this would be
the effect of it.
Then on the retired list there are eleven cap-
tains who have been 111 theseivicc long enough
to be added to the twenty commodores, who under
the retrospective section of the bill may also be-
come admirals. Then we shall have under the
