1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
2591
to character, or has he got the credit due to cap-
ital? If he has, his business is done." This sys-
tem, on the other hand, is to organize a set of
banks where the strings can be pulled here by the
party in power. If they find that a bank has
loaned $50,000 to A, A being an obnoxious per-
son to the individual in authority, the Comptroller
of the Currency may write immediately, " Why
did you accommodate A with that $50,000? He is
not a solvent man; you will ruin yourself, and
the Comptroller of the Currency may be com-
pelled to put you in liquidation and appoint a re-
ceiver for you; thatkind of business will notdo."
They will soon find out that they have got to
consult the head of the system here in Washing-
ton, and they, like all moneyed institutions, will
consult their own interests, and not put them-
selves in the way of a power that may despoil
diem at any time and close up their business.
The system makes every one of this multitudin-
ous set of banks the agent of the Comptroller of
the Currency and the Secretary of the Treasury,
the central power at Washington, to do their be-
hests. If they cannot compel a discount, they
can at least prevent one, and the business is to be
conducted as they will. Money is always sub-
servient to interest. Jt is in the very nature of
the moneyed business.
If you aggregate all these interests, so that they
are to be controlled at one place, there will be 110
further use for Legislatures in your several States,
no further use for a House of Representatives
here or a Senate here, unless those Legislatures
shall be appointed by the village banks, your
Repi esentatives by the district banks, and your
Senators by the banking influence in the States;
they will come liere to represent that interest; but
mi interest as large as that will swallow up all
minor interests. Money has been always po-
tential in securing office in this country, and it
may be said that this is true of all countries. If
the United States Bank, with its §30,000,000 and
its few branches, could threaten to control, and
did control, to a large extent, for some time, the
legislation of the Federal Congress, and did con-
tioi the young talent of the country, what will
a thousand branches and £.300,000,000, or, per-
chance, shortly $600,000,000 do? They will control
everything.'It will bea farce for men to come here
who can "represent an independent community.
I represent a community that probably never will
be troubled with the incubus of bank paper cir-
culation; that probably will be true of the coast
which I represent; but what will be the use of
persons coming here from my coast, representing
an independent interest, when all around them
they find persons who represent the great money-
ocracy of the Republic?
It is proposed to drive outall the circulation of
the State banks, to drive out all competition. As
between business men engaged in business in the
same place, it would be considered as outrageous
if the one of largest capital should try to drive
out all the small capitalists; for instance, if Alex-
ander Stewart should try to drive out everybody
else in New York engaged in his department of
business, that he might monopolize it, would it
not be regarded as a commercial outrage? Now,
if we, with the power of the Federal Government
used with a lavish and reckless hand, organize a
system of banks, armed to make war on the smaller
institutions with the intent to force out of exist-
ence the business of a body of men engaged in a
lawful business, deprive all the persons connected
with them in their business relations of the facili-
ties they have received,andestablish anew setof
relations under political authority throughout the
country, can any just man attempt to justify it?
Can any prudent man justify himself in promot-
ing it? It is a thing to be protested against. An
individual who would undertake to do it because
he had the power as against another individual,
would be looked upon as guilty of an outrage as
a business man and an outrage as an honorable
man; and the Government with its power can
claim no exemption from its particular want of
individuality. The amount which the banks have
of the Government currency, and the amount
which they do business upon on Governmenrtac-
count, is not to be taxed by the same ratio; but
alt the private capital that goes in to this business
is to be taxed. The Government is going to take,
then, a higher ground, a safer place,a better busi-
ness position than the individual capitalist. What
right has the Government to do this? It has no
such right. It is an outrage on the rights of the
private citizen.
The effort has often been made on the part of
the Federal Congress to interfere with the pri-
vate business of the country; but here is a giant
stride toward the control of all the private busi-
ness of the country. It may be permitted for a
day, it may be suffered lor a day, because un-
fortunately in these times of great trial, when
Senators should be alive to any question of public
interest, when they should weigh every movement,
when they should consider with groat care every
public question, they are on the other hand found
rushing recklessly forward in the indorsement of
any scheme that is offered by those at the head of
the Administration. Their measures are not can-
vassed, they are not examined, they are not con-
sidered; but the time for consideration will come,
and it will come before long, for after all the peo-
ple of this country are the persons who will first
feel and then see these great evils that are to be
thrust upon them; and then those who have
invented them, those who have organized them,
those who have put them inmotion, will behurled
from their places of power, and if not forgotten
will only be remembered to be execrated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio to the one hundred and
ninth section of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 11, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Conness, Harlan, Howard,
Lane. of Kansas, Pomoroy, Kams.cy, Sherman, Sumner,
Wade, and Wilson—11.
N A Yd—Messrs. lirown, Buckalew, Carlile, U!ark,Col-
lamei, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolitlle, Fessenden, Foot,
Foster, Climes, Hale, Harris, llendlicks, Ilicks. Johnson,
Lane of Indiana, McDougall, Morgan,Powell, Richardson,
Van Winkle, and Willey—2o.
ABSENT —Messrs. Chandler, Harding, Ilendeison.
JIowc, Morrill, Nesmitli, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sprague,Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to have a vote on
the proviso to this one hundred and ninth section,
and I do not know whether it is necessary to
move to strike out the proviso as it is reported
from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLARK. Will theSenator allow the com-
mittee to go on with their amendments?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think we ought to dis-
pose of this subject. The proviso imposesatax
upon the issues of the State banks of three per
cent, per annum over and above ninety percent,
upon their capital.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state his amendment?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The proposition is to
strike out the proviso to the one hundred and
ninth section, if it be necessary; but as that pro-
viso was reported by the Committee on Finance
as an" amendment to the bill, I suppose the ques-
tion will be upon its adoption. 1 wish to say
just one word upon that question.
The State Bank of Indiana, by her charter, is
allowed to issue beyond her capital in view of the
safety that is secured by the other features of the
charter to the bill-holders; and I do not think it
is right for Congress in a tax bill to discriminate
against these banks at all. The purpose of a tax
bill ought to be to tax with a view to revenue
alone, and not to drive from the field of circula-
tion any portion of the circulation of the State or
other banks. Inasmuch as this is the only dis-
crimination left in the bill against the State banks
and in favor of the national currency, I desire a
vote upon this, and on that question I will call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON. What do you propose to
strike out?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The whole proviso. The
whole proviso relates to that subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will simply say that
this is merely retaining a provision that existed
in the law passed two years ago with reference to
the same subject. There can be no objection to
our laying a tax on the banks, and we may im-
pose it in such a manner as we see fit. A circu-
lation of ninety percent, on their capital is deemed
| to be within the limit of safety, and that is the
limit imposed on the national banks. There be-
| no discrimination in point of fact as to the
amount of circulation that can be issued, this tax
on circulation beyond the ninety per cent.'will
have this effect: it will prevent this undue expan-
sion, which is so injurious to the public interests;
it will place the State and national banks upon"
precisely the same level, while it will have the
effect to restrain the issue beyond ninety percent.,
because the national banks are limited to a circu-
lation of ninety per cent., and it would not do to
leave it as it stood in the bill. This proviso in
its terms is not confined to the State banks, bat
covers the whole. I have no doubt not only of
the value but of the imperative necessity of such
a provision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say in reply
to the Senator that this does not place them upon
terms of equality with the national institutions,
for the reason that the basis of the banking of
the national institutions is the bonds of the Gov-
ernment which pay six per cent, in coin, equal
now to nearly twelve per cent, of interest upon
the investment. The national banks buy these
bonds with the Treasury notes. A thousand
dollars of Treasury notes will pay for a $1,000
bond. Upon that investment of $1,000, the na-
tional banks secure from the national Treasury
what is equivalent in currency to nearly twelve
per cent. Then upon that the issues are made.
But the State banks are required, according to
their charters, to keep in their vaults enough
money, gold and silver, and under the present
legislation of Congressperhaps Treasury notes,
to meet the demands of the bill-holders, what-
ever those demands may be. Our charters re-
quire a dead capital as security for the bill-hold-
ers in the vaults, while the national bank system
requires a capital that pays nearly twelve per*
cent, interest. In order to makeaState banking
system profitable they must issue Vnore than
ninety per cent, of their capital. At ninety per
cent, alone, they could make no profits, while
the national system could make large profits in
view of the interest that is paid to them upon
their bonds in gold and silver.
I think the committee is right in the main in
saying that there ought to be no distinctions.
When you come to tax the circulation, whether
the circulation is by a State bank or a national
bank, let the tax be equally imposed, and put it
upon everybody, and then it is fair, and leave
these institutions to struggle for the field as they
may. That institution which gets the best credit
will have the field. Do that, and if the national
bank syste-m is best, it will by force of its better
credit drive this other currency out of the field;
but if it is not the best it cannot do it; and then
by arbitrary legislation we ought not to do it. I .
appeal to the Senator to let this principle of equal-
ity of taxation apply throughout the whole bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Indiana that the
amendment proposed by him is not strictly in
order. The Senate having agreed to this proviso
in Committee of the Whole it is hardly proper
while the bill is in committee to move to strike
it out.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know a vote
had been taken upon it. Has it been agreed to ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
agreed to in Committee of the Whole, and it can-
not be stricken out while we are in Committee of
the Whole, but it can be reached when the bill
is reported to the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is so; but I will
answer now what the Senator has said,-and it
will save both of us the necessity of explanation
hereafter.
The Senator carries my language further than
I intended it should go. When 1 said we meant
to place them on an equality I meant an equality
with reference to the tax wc imposed. So far as
other things are concerned, I for one, and I take
it the majority of the committee would desire that
the distinction that arises from the different po-
sition of the banks under the bank bill should be
such as would induce the State banks to come into
the national system entirely. They can avail
themselves at any time by that bill of all the ad-
vantages of which the Senator has spoken if they
choose to come into the national system; and I
for one am glad that the national system has the
advantages spoken of, for X hope it will have that
effect.
