1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will soon comc, if it 1ms not already arrived, when the du-
ties of this bureau will require the poweis and men it the
diemty of a separate Executive Department.
"Tbete .11« sevei<U subjects which might be advantage-
ously giouped together, and ought to bo placed under the
management of one controlling mind. Among them arc the
following:
" i. Taking po^ge?sion, on behalf of the United States,
of all real estate abandoned by its owners, who have joined
the tebels.
"2. Taking possession of all real estate fosfeited to the
United State's to be sold for taxes, whether bought in by
order of the President of the United States, or sold to set-
tlers and others.
"3. Taking possession of all lands confiscated to the
United States.
"4. Talc ins possession of all personal property of the ene-
my deieliet, abandoned, or captuied, except puzes at sea,
"5. Taking carc of and making provision lor all persons
now heed or hereafter to be Ireed under any laws of the
United States or proclamations of the President, or acts of
manumission.
*' 6 Taking care of all colored men in the rebellious dis-
tricts who wort; fiec bcl'oio the war, and all fugitives thereto
from loyal States.
"7. All legal proceedings for the confiscation of rebel
property in ail the courts. The United States attorneys, or
spceial attorney, to act under orders of the new Department
iar as respects. thc.>c proceedings.
"8. The administration of ail laws, rules, and regulations
relating to the migration of coloied persons to and horn
the rebel States.
"9. And of all laws relating to the compensation, if any,
which the Government may hereafter give to aid loyal States
in emancipating slaves.
u 10. All other matters relating to tho emancipation and
its processes, its rules ami lobulations, &c., and the piotec-
tion of the interests of the colored men on one hand, and
the United States on the other.
" These subjects aie intimately connected togethci ; they
would require genius and active energy of the mo^t power-
ful executive talent. The Sccretaiy ot War or of the Treas-
ury aie already so overwhelmed with labor and lespotiM-
biiity that it is ungenerous to demand of either of them to
assume this hcrculean task. The labois of this Emancipa-
tion Depaitment will be unsurpassed by those of any other
executive minister. Ii-. impoitance to the ultimate issue
of the wai, to the imputation of our cnuntiy abroad, to the
moral chaiactei of our people in the southern States, to
the Treasury, to the soldicis, and to the industrial mteiests
of this great nation eati hardly be overestimated. Who-
ever is competent to fill the office of Secietuty of Emanci-
pation should have a seat in the Cabinet, and should al<o
enjoy the confidence and compilation of that great and good
man who->e ptoclamationofticedom has lecteated a nation,
and will cattle his name to be venerated wheiever the flag
of the Union shall cast its shadow,"
Bat, sir, for reasons which controlled tho com-
mittee, it has not been deemed advisable at tins
time to report a bil! creating a Department, Is
it too much to hope that in offeiing this bill for
your action we may be sustained by the House
without reference to party differences? Why, sir,
what has been done hitherto? Let mc tell you.
The icbellion began in April, 1861. In August,
at the extra session, an act was passed provid-
ing for an annual direct tax of £20,000,000, duly
apportioned among all the States. There were
$5«JK53,981 28 apportioned to the rebel States. In
June, 1862, an act was passed for the collection
of those taxes in insurrectionary distucts. The
lands were charged with the payment of the tax,
and sales of the lands were provided for. Tax
commissioneis weie created and their duties spe-
cified. After sales had been effected and the lands
purchased on account of the United States, under
the terms of the act these commissioners were
empowered to lease certain of the lands together
or in parcels, the leases to be "in such form and
with such security as shall, in the judgment of
said commissioners, produce to the United States
the greatest revenue." By the tenth section of
the act the commissioners are empowered to make
rules and regulations, and inseit such clauses in
the leases as will secure proper and reasonable
employment and support, at wages or on shares,
of persons and families residing on the lands.
That was the first notice taken by legislation of
the freedmen.
It is important, because it was a recognition by
Congress of an obligation to see that some pioper
and reasonable employment and support were
g^-ven to these loyal men. But it was an act
winS'se object was to raise money and to get rev-
enue. The lands are to be leased m such form
and with such security as will produce the " gieat-
est amount of re\eime." The act itself was not
dictated by humanity, but by prudence and na-
tional thrift. And, sir, I greatly fear that in its
administration the "greatest revenue" has had
the largest consideration. I trust in God the time
is not remote when they may have fair wages for
fair work. At this moment tiiete is, as I believe,
in the Treasury more than a million dollais winch
thefieedmen have contiibuled largely to produce.
The testimony of parties who have personally ex-
amined into the facts concerning work and wages
of thefieedmen is uniform that not only are those
men often employed upon leased lands at less than
half wages, but that in many cases, when em-
ployed directly by officers of the Government,
they are compelled to leceivc less than one third
of the wages that similar service from others at
the same place and at the same time demanded
and received. 1 know very well how difficult it
maybe to piotect from the calculating speculator
who has power the thoughtless and improvident
man who wants bread. But over the thoughtless-
ness and improvidence which oppression has
caused it is both a privilege and a duty to keep
kindly guard until the liberty we have vouchsafed
shall give to the freedmen mental nerve and moral
self-reliance.
Mr. Speaker, besides the law I have referred to
there have been three distinct appropriations of
money made for purposes of colonization. When
freedom \va$decreed in the District of Columbia
the act of emancipation provided that the sum of
£100,000 should be expended in aid of those,
whether free or freed by tiiat act, residing in the
District who desired to emigrate.
By the act of June 7, 18G2, scction twelve, one
fouith part of the proceeds of sales and leases of
land acquired by the Government under the tax
act is made payable to the State as a fund to aid
voluntary emigration to some tropical colony.
There has been also an appropriation made to
provide for the emigration of men made free un-
der the confiscation act of July, 1862. Already
the experience of a year, with the embarrassments
created by disloyalty, timidity, distrust, and ava-
rice, has satisfied all who have sought to know
the facts that at the end of this rebellion there will
be no freedmen whom the economical interests of
this Union can afford to spare. My friend from
Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburne] is seeking to make
it easier by legislative provision for white emi-
giants to come among us. I wish him success.
Let them come—the healthy, sturdy, and studious
German from tho Rhine to the Vistula. We will
welcome them all—and the impetuous Iiifdi and
the canny Scotch ! We have room enough for
all loyal men from all lands under the sun. But
we cannot spare the fieedmen. in those tropical
regions of the South wheio they have been de-
prived of themselves they have a right to live. And
the industrial interests of our country require that
their compensated labor should emich the land
which has been cuised by theirunpaid toil. But,
sir, all our legislation thus far haw been for our-
sehes. We have imposed taxes upon the lands
and subjected them to sale. The Government of
the United States has become the owner of large
tracts of abandoned property. We have appointed
tax commissioners and hud on them the duty of
leasing lands so as to bung to the Treasury the
greatest lcvenue. We have provided for the ex-
patriation of the frecdman, but not for his relief.
The necessity for practical legislation upon this
great subject is thus made plain.
Mr. Speaker, the purposes and objects of this
law are twofold; and they are vindicated by the
plainest considerations of justice and of self-m-
teiest. The Government of the United States
stands committed before the world this day by
the laws which we have passed, by the proclama-
tion of the Piesident, and indeed by the neces-
sary issues of this rebellion, to a humane and en-
lightened policy tuwai d the treed men of the South.
Our laws have made them free; the proclamation
of the Commander-in-Chief has declared them j
free; and day by day, as this war has culminated !
toward the nifiidian of freedom, hundreds of |
thousands of loyal men, slaves heretofore, stand i
before your armies waiting your action, that the j
freedom you have vouchsafed shall he a blessing j
and not a curse. Why weie these men made \
free? Was it because slavery was wrong, because j
it degraded theshueand tempted the master away j
from the great truths of our common Master who j
spoke upon the mount5 Was it that we might j
" ten del unto Ccesar the things that are Crcsai's r" \
Wits the conscience of ihe nation troubled by rea- ;
son of its sins, and did the Commander-in-Chief
therefore proclaim his gospel of glad tidings, and
did the Congress of the United States therefore
emancipate the slaves of rebels? If that had been
so in fact; if Confess could have seen that it was
better in the right of God to obey the laws of
God rather than the constitutions of men; if the
Commander-in-Chief could under his oath ofoffi.ee
as a high act of justice, justified as such and not
by military necessity, havedccrced freedom to the
enslaved, it would nevertheless have been incum-
bent on us to lead ihcm gently into the land of
promise, and not to permit them to wander through
the wilderness until a generation had died by the
way.
But it was not so, and upon the facts of history
it wpuld be an act of meanness which no language
can fitly describe, and for which no nationai suf-
fering could fitly atone, if we should leave* those
men, freshly freed after a life of servitude, chil-
dren of the nation as they are, to grope their way
into the light without parent or guardian or friend.
Why, sir, we freed them for our own selfish ends.
It was to weaken the enemy. It was as a means
of crushing the rebellion. It was because they
were made to work while the rebels fought. It was
because we wanted their strong arms upon our
side. It was because we began to see that we must
figh t them or free them. Let us not be too self-right-
eous, for "even the publicans" would have done
" the same." Look back and recall the arguments
upon which the constitutionality of all our legis-
lation has been defended. Sound arguments they
were, and by slowdegrees they have commended
themselves to magistrates and to men, until now
the heart of the nation rests contentedly upon the
logic of their conclusions. But they were argu-
ments drawn from the arsenal of military neces-
sity. They were hurled by the power of the laws
of war against a national iniquity, it is true, but
against it, not because it was a sin, but because it
was a strength to the enemy which we had a right
to annihilate and destroy. Well, sir, we have de-
stroyed it, anfi as our armies march on, its destruc-
tion becomes more certain and more universal,
and now a great national duty looks us in the face.
Sir, we had no right to decree freedom and not
to guaranty safe guidance and protection. It does
not meet thccase to say we had no right to free
them, and therefore we will not act. And I invoke
the practical statesmanship and the personal hu-
manity of those who do not see their way open to
act with us who are now charged with the ad-
ministration of this Government, to unite with us
here and now upon this legislation which existing
facts demand. For, whether it was right or wrong
under the Constitution to decrce emancipation by
Jaw or proclamation, it has been done, and it can-
not be undone. We are responsible for it. But
because of it, and because of the rebellion itself,
which preceded military ordeis and all congres-
sional enactments, three millions of enslaved men
have become and are becoming free. Concede it
was wrong. What then? Is there a man upon
this floor who would send them back to slavery?
If not, what shall be done? Shall the Govern-
ment support them ? They must do so in some
way, with law or without law. They must not
starve. They have been driven into their graves
by hunger and by neglect already. Shall this con-
tinue? Mr. Veatman, of the western sanitary
commission, after his examination into the con-
dition officedmen between Memphis and Natchez,
writes as'follows:
" Dr. Littlefield, who is the physician of tho infirmary
fating is located at the Savage place, where he has estab-
lished a freedmanV hospital, lie appeals to take a very
deep interest in ibis people, and isdeMioiis to aid in im-
proving then eonditiori. He reports he has to furnish med-
icines and attendance to many of tho.se on the leased plant-
ation'', especially to those on the places leased by one man
who had leased five plantations, whotc negroes are gioat-
IviK'slecied and pooily piovided Jot. The testimony of
rjuito'a number of pewms fully corroborated this state-
ment. One of the freedmen, Ilenson Jackson, wen king at
Wilton's plantation, said that they get eorrt wheiever they
can find it on abandoned plantation*; that they frequently
have to go as tar Tonsil bayou ; Hut helm-been with-
out bread for da\p; that four pounds of inc.it per week is
all that is aliowe'd him ; that he pajs for his flour, and has
worked since Apul without receiving any pay ot clothing
whatever; ib< t be only receives in kef* lot actual days'
work, to be paid when the crop is '-old. Otheis from the,
same (arm testified to the >-arne thing, and laborers from
other plantations gave similar testimony. None received
mola^.-.e«, nee, orbeans, and hominy only when they chose
to make it themselves
"The pooi negioes arc everywhere greatly depies«ed at
their condition. 'I'hey all testily that if they weie only paid
their little wages a-- they em n them. •?<> that they could pur-
chase clothing, and weie fruni>he'd with the provisions
promised they could stand it; but to work and get poorly
paid, pooily fed, and not do< tored when Mck, i* mote than
they can enduie. Among the thousands whom I questioned
none showed the lea-t unw illmgne^to woik. If they could
only be paid fan wages iheyuduld be contented and happy.
