tCHLGOBG.
April 14.
«jp%ration of the bill!, as I .understand it,'thirt.y,-
one admirals in addition to the nine retired ad-
mit-als we have now.
' -Titere-Bre two questions to be settled: first,iare
We pi-epaiied.te re.f.ire al} these-officers, when- they
'orffretired'j to'a pay>higher than that which they
•get; UntHhen here is another'tiling: take-as an
ilHoMfration-.K captain in the Navy -who is retired
as a commodore, and I should like the -Senator
.fi'dmiMaryland-to answer me that question as a
legal question: a eaptatnis retired under the op-
eration of this-bill and becomes a retired commo-
dore, and he afterwards is employed on-shore
duty; is he to 'draw the shore-duty pay of the
- grade to which he is advanced ? I suppose he is.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should suppose so.
"Mr; GRIMES. Then the loss to the Govern-
'■ment in salary is, as I said before, just the differ-
«n<Se between the shore-duty pay of the grade he
nbwoccupies and that to which he has been ad-
vanced , and that is $800 a year.
. Mr. HALE. To meet the difficulty, I propose
to amend the fourth section by adding at the end
of it these words; which I hope will-obviate the
difficulty:
Proridri!, There he a vacancy in the next 'higher grade
- fts now established by law to' which he may be promoted.
"Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that proviso re-
lieves the bill from what would seem to me to be
a very great objection. I know very little about
' this bill or about naval matters, but I was very
much struck with this feature when it was first
read. It is a premium offered for a man to be re-
tired from the Navy. A man who is retired is
retired to an advanced grade. That is a'very
strange provision. The man whoremains in the
'.service doing his duty,and in active -service is
-.outranked by a person who is retired,and a man
who'is retired not because of any distinguished
Service; but if he has remained in the service the
length of time requisite, without, performing any
remarkable deeds, he is to be retired,"and on be-
iiig retired is to- bo advanced one grade. A com-
mander becomes a captain, a captain becomes a
■commodore, a commodore becomes anadmiial, if
he can manage to be retired. It seems to me that
•that'is a very strange provision. I should sup-
pose the promotion would be in behalf of those
who performed service-and remained in the ser-
vice, and that an inducement would be held out
to those in active service. It would never.occur
to me that the proper way to promote the effi-
ciency of the Army or the Navy would be to offer
a reward for men to be retired. 1 hope certainly
the amendment will be adopted.
There is another suggestion that I wish to make
while I am up. The sixth section, if I under-
stand it, contains a limitation that ought not to
be adopted by Congress. Itprovides " that any
officer in the naval service, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, may be advanced
not exceeding thirty numbers m his own grade,
for distinguished conduct in battle or extraordi-
nary heroism." Why limit it to thirty numbers
iu his own grade?
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, I
will state that by the ninth section of the exist-
ing taw, which is not repealed by tins bill, it is
' provided " that any line officer of the Navy or
marine corps may be advanced one grade, if,
upon recommendation of the President byname,
he receives the thanks of Congress for highly dis-
tinguished conduct m conflict with the eiiemy, or
for extraordinary heroism in the line of his pro-
fession." .The provision oftliis bill to which the
Senator lefers is put in as a reward of merit not
quite equal to an advance of one giade. It does
not repeal the law 1 have just read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unquestionably it re-
peals that law, because it ptovides—and 1 was
just going to make that point—that "any officer
itr the naval service"—that applies to all officers
—" may be advanced not exceeding thirty num-
bers iu his own grade." Surely that is a limit-
ation upon advancing him more than thirty num-
bers m his own grade, or advancing him from one
grade to another, i was going to inqune how it
would be if a person at the head of his grade,
being one or two numbers from the head of that
particular grade, performed some distinguished
service, how could he obtain promotion at all?
There would be no thirty numbersin the grade up
which he could go, and you could not promote
from one grade to another.
Mr. GRIMES. -You could put hitn at the head
of.his grade.
■ -Mr. TRUMBULL. If he was at the head of
his grade, then he could not be promoted for dis-
-tingu-ished services; but,the other act is repealed
-by thisfbill. This provides that "any officer in
-the naval service"—that embraces -all -in all the
■grades—"imaybe advanced"—how?—" not ex-
ceeding thirty numbers itt his own grade." Will
it be said that,that does not repeal a law thatau-
thorizes the adv-ancirtg from o.ne.grade to another ?
It strikes me that it does. Any law inconsistent
■with this provision thatallows an advance exceed-
ing thirty numbersinaparticular grade is repealed
by this, because if a man goes from one grade to
^another his advance.may be-more than thirty
numbers. Why the limitation anyway ? If an
officer has .distinguished himself greatly in-the
naval service, why-not, by the nomination of the
-President and the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, let him be placed in any position which, in
the opinion,.of the Senate, the President,,and the
country, he.may beientitled to? In the Arjny we
.are taking men who<were at the commencement
of this rebellion in the position of lieutenantsiand
captains, and making them brigadier generals and
major.generals, because they have distinguished
themselves in the line of their duty, and shown
themselvesqualifiedforthesehigh positions. Why
not do the,same thing in the Navy ? I do not like
the limitation in the sixth, section; and I do not
like the idea of offering a reward to men to be
retired; and therefore, if it is in order, I move
to strike out the.latter part of the fourth section,
all after the word " list" in.the eighth line.
Mr. HALE. I think my honorable friend from
Illinois is mistaken. .Here are two provisions,
and they are provisions of a different class. In
the ninth section of the act approved July 16,
1862, it is provided that—
"Any line officer of the Navy or marine eprps limy be
. advanced oiki grade, it, upon recommendation of the Pres-
ident by name, lie receives the thunlw of Congress for
ltiglily distinguished conduct in conflict with the enemy,
or for extraordiimrydieroisin in the line of his profession."
And under that we have promoted two officers,
I think, at this session, Rodgers and Rowan.
The sixth section of this bill provides " that any
officer in the naval service, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, may be advanced
not exceeding thirty numbers in his own grade,
for distinguished conduct," and that without re-
ceiving the thanks of Congress. The two are per-
fectly consistent with each other. This bill contem-
plates that there may be an officer in a subordinate
situation who may so distinguish himself that he
is entitled to some promotion, while at the same
time he has notsogreatly distinguishedhimselfevs
to be entitled to a vote of thanks from Congress,
and therefore for this line of conduct the officer
may be promoted thirty numbers in his friudtj,
leaving the other section providing for a [nomo-
tion of one grade in certain cases in full force.
In regard to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, I am far from certain that
it is not a wise one, and that is to strike out all the
fourth section after line eight; and I am the more
inclined to consent to that for the reason that there
is a provision that they may be promoted on the
retired list after they are put there. I shall not
object to the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT." Did the Senator
from Illinoi.3 submit a motion ?
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Illinois moves
to strike out of the fourth section all after the
word "list," in the eighth line.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I propose to strikeout all
of section four after the eighth line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The impression
of the Chair is that the first question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. I withdraw that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
to strike out all of the fourth section after the
word " list" in the eighth line. The words pro-
posed to be stucken out will be read.
The'Secretary read the wolds proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
And if the disqualification of any officer so retired oc-
curred in the line of hi? duly, or is in consequence of his
honorable fulfillment of the term of active seivice pre-
scribed by law, ho shall be placed upon the retired list one
grade higher than that from wlueh lie was letired.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was repented to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
amendments were ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time,.and passed.
.JOSEPH SOBD.
Mr. HARRIS. I;inove that the Senate pro-
ceed to,the consideration of.,House bill No. 228,
.for the relief of Joseph Ford.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tha.tis,a private bill,and
there is .a public billherepf someiiflportancethat
the Senator from Michigan [.Mr. Howard] has
tried for a .week to get action ,upon; but he has
been-so.unsuccessful that I believe he has with-
drawn and pretty much given up trying to get the
floor at all. .i hope the Senate will allow him to
take it up and pass it.
Mr. HARRIS. This bill might have been
passed in the ,time the Senator from Illinois has
been occupying. I have been trying for a week
to, dispose of.it.
The motion of Mr. Habjms was agreed to; and
the.Senate,-as in-Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 228) con-
firming the title of Joseph Ford to certain lands
in Rice county in the State of Minnesota. It
provides that the ititle of Joseph Ford in and to
the south half of the northeast quarter, and the
southeast quarter of the northwest quarter, and
the northwest quarter of the southeast quarter of
section six, in townshipone hundred and eleven,
of range nineteen, in Rice county, Minnesota,
containing one hundred and sixty acres, shall be
fully and-absolutely confirmed; and that a patent
be issued to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that is a
very singular bill. It does not protect the rights
of third parties if there is any controversy about
thisland. 1 do not know whether there isornot.
Mr. HARRIS. None at all.
■Mr. TRUMBULL. But the character of these
bills usually is to transfer the Government title
to the lands. This bill as it reads absolutely
grants the land to this man. ,lf it is purblic land
and there is no dispute about it, very .well.
Mr. HARRIS. I-will state in a word howitis.
Joseph Ford some six or eight years ago entered
on this land and filed the usual clartn of preemp-
tion. He subsequently purchased aland-warrant
and located that land-warrant upon this land.
That warrant was a genuine warrant, but he was
deceived in regard to it, inasmuch as the warrant
had been obtained upon fraudulent or forged pa-
pers. Tlie wairant was subsequently rescinded
and canceled. Mr. Ford occupies the land, lias
gone on and improved it, and is now a soldier in
tin- Army. Underthese circumstances the House
of Representatives has passed this bill establish-
ing his title.
Mr. HARLAN. I will ask the Senator from
New York if there is anything to prevent this
gentleman from buying another land-warrant
and locating it.on the same land. That privilege
is always, I think, granted to those who have
made locations on a fraudulent warrant, and I
know of no case heretofore in which Congress
has intervened to give the land to a man because
he had unfortunately bought a fraudulent war-
rant.
Mr. HARRIS. There is a report of the com-'
mittee of the House of Representatives on this
subject stating the*cfrcumstances of this man; that
he is poor, that he is a soldier in the service of
the country and has been for a year and a half;
that he has a large family m very indigent cir-
cumstances on this land; and under these circum-
stances they passed the bill. That is the whok
case.
Mr. HARLAN. It will be a precedent I sup-
pose, if established, that will entJtleevery soldier
who is poor to a quarter section of land.
^Mr. GRIM ES. I suggest to the Senator from
New York that he iet this bill go over until we
can get the report.
Mr. HARRIS. The report is hero, but I have
no objection to its going over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill .will be
postponed until to-morrow,
TERRITORY OF MONTANA.
Mr. WADE, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 15) to
