2592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
I will go further and say that while I was op-
posed^! present to imposing these heavy duties
or any very heavy discriminating tax upon the
State banks, my view of it with reference to that
matter was only temporary. 1 wish to give them
time, without being unduly burdened, to exer-
cise their privilege of winding up without affect-
ing the business of the community by withdraw-
ing their circulation too rapidly, or being forced
to do it before these national banks can get into
operation, and thus give them the opportunity,
having an understanding that they should do so,
to come into the national system. If they do not
choose to do it or to take any steps with reference
to it, but are disposed to hold on to their present
system, the time may come when I might be will-
ing to impose discriminating taxes upon them if
the public good required it.
My view of it, therefore, is confined and lim-
ited by the circumstances of the time and the ne-
cessities of the time, and treating them fairly and
giving them time within which to act. In that,
however, I speak simply for myself. If lam in a
position to give a vote on the subject, unless I
change my views with reference to it, which all
men may do, if this national bank system works
well, if itapproves itself to the community, I shall
be prepared to say that within a reasonable time
that shall be the only currency of the country in
the shape of bank paper.
Mr. JOHNSON. As I differ from the honor-
able member from Maine, I rise 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
motion before the Senate at this time.
Mr. JOHNSON. The whole bill, I suppose,
is before the Senate. As I differ from the hon-
orable member from Maine, it is proper that I
should state very succinctly the grounds of that
difference. '
The taxing power of the United States cannot
be questioned, but it is a power given exclusively
for the purpose of raising revenue, except so far
as it relates to the use which may be made of the
power for the protection of domestic manufac-
tures; and even as to that, as the Senate are
aware, there has existed, and still exists, very
contradictory opinions. Some have supposecf,
and I concur in that view, that under the taxing
power, the power to lay imposts and duties, it
may be exerted for the very purpose of protect-
ing'manufactures, and if the protection cannot be
accomplished except by prohibiting the importa-
tion of similar articles from abroad, it may be
laid with that view. Others have supposed that
although it may be used for the purpose of pro-
tecting domestic manufactures, that result is to be
affected only incidentally; the object still must
bo in the imposition of the tax to collect revenue.
But with the exception of that use of the taxing
power I had supposed the true construction of
the Constitution in that particular was that the
power must be exerted for the purpose of raising
revenue alone.
It is true that the motive which may influence
Congress in passingalawof this description can-
not be inquired into in any judicial proceeding,
and if in a judicial proceeding the court should he
of opinion that the limitation upon the power is
a limitation which confines Congress to its exer-
cise for the purpose of revenue, the court would
conclude that that was the purpose in any and
every case in which Congress might think proper
to impose, the tax, unless it thought proper in the
law imposing the tax to state its real purpose. I
understand my friend from Maine (for whose opin-
ions on questions of this description, particularly
such of them as are constitutional, 1 have the
greatest possible respect) to say that so far as ho
is concerned he would be willing, unless the
banks should proceed hereafter to adopt such a
course as he thinks is for the benefit of the coun-
tiy at large, to force them by taxation into the
adoption of that course; and he says that the dis-
crimination which the bill proposes as against the
State hanks in taxing their surplus of circulation
beyond ninety per cent, is made for the very pur-
pose of forcing them to reduce their circulation to
ninety per cent.
In my view—and that of course the argument
assumes to be a correct statement of the fact if
the charter of a State bank authorizes the bank
to issue more than ninety percent. Congress has
,no authority to interfere with it, because to the
extent of any interference which reduces the au-
thority to issue beyond the ninety per cent, and
u p to the whole extent of the limitation of the char-
ter, Congress is virtually changing the charter.
My friend sees that and he thinks that the inter-
est which these banks will have in adopting the
national bank system will be such that they will
come into that system; but his purpose is, if they
fail from a motive of interest to adopt the national
system, to compel them to do it or to go out of
existence so far as he can accomplish the purpose
by the taxing power, or by going even further
than the taxing power, if 1 understand him cor-
rectly, by denying them the right to issue any
circulation at all. I may be mistaken, but I do
not see under what power Congress can go to that
extent, provided it be true that the States have the
authority to establish banking institutions with
the power to issue a banking circulation.
The opposite of that opinion stated by my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] in the speech
to which we listened yesterday is not,as I think,
to be considered an open question. It is true that
in the beginning of the Government doubts were
entertained whether the States possessed the
power to establish banks of circulation so as to
make that circulation money; but that doubt
arose, not, as my friend from Ohio supposes, from
the existence of the power in Congress to coin
money and regulate the value thereof, but be-
cause of the prohibition upon the States to issue
bills of credit. It was supposed by very well-
judging men, men of large experience ana great
ability, that a bonk note issued under the author-
ity of a State by a company chartered by aState
was virtually a bill of credit, and fell therefore
within the prohibition; but that idea has long
been surrendered as a tenable one.
The Supreme Court of the United States—I
speak from recollection, but I know that I am
right—in the case of Craig vs. Missouri, reported
in 4 Peters, held that in that particular case
what was done by Missouri was in violation of
the prohibition upon Missouri to issue bills of
credit only because of the particular circum-
stances and what the suitor proposed to do in that
case. But in the case of Briscoe vs. The State
Bank of Kentucky, reported in 11 Peters, the
court decided that it was in the power of Ken-
tucky to establish a bank literally belonging to
the State, having a capital altogether belonging
to the State, ana to authorize it to issue bank
bills. They decided that those bills were not bills
of credit, and consequently that they did not fall
within the restriction. Mr. Justice Story ex-
pressed a dissenting opinion. The case was first
argued before the Supreme Court during the life-
time of Chief Justice Marshall, and held under
advisement. It was argued again when the
decision was pronounced, after the Chief Justice
ceased to adorn that tribunal and shed luster upon
our country. Mr. Justice Story in pronouncing
his opinion said that in that opinion he had the
concurrence of Chief Justice Marshall. Butfrom
that day to this the question is supposed to have
been settled as to the meaning of the words " bills
of credit" as used in the Constitution, and as not
prohibiting a State to issue in a bank of its own,
setting aside funds *for the purpose of meeting
the notes to be used in the community as money;
but simply 
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator per-
mit me a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will state that the case from
Kentucky to which lie refers was the case of
Briscoe against the Bank of the Commonwealth
of Kentucky; that that bank was established
wholly upon the credit of the State, and never
pretended to redeem its notes in specie, and was
not redeeming its notes in specie at the time at
which the controversy originated to which he
has referred.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; and that made it a
stronger case. Even in relation to a bank of that
description owned by the State of Kentucky, and
whose notes were not redeemable in specie, the
majority of the court held that the prohibition did
not extend to notes issued under such an au-
thority. If my friend from Ohio, if he has not
had occasion recently to recur to it, will turn to
the first volume of Story's Commentaries upon
the Constitution of the United States he will find
a note stating that although the learned comment-
ator was inclined to believe that Mr. Justice
Story was right when the question was a new
one, yet in his judgment the question was put at
rest by the decision of the Supreme Court in the
case of Briscoe and the Common wealth of Ken-
tucky. In Story's Commentaries on the Consti-
tution he again repeats his doubt whether, as a
new question, the State could have had a right or
had a right to authorize paper to be issued at all
for the purpose of being used as money, and ap-
pealed to the authority of a speech made by Mr.
Webster in this body not many years ago, before
the Commentaries were written, and to a commu-
nication made by Mr. Webster when he was in
the Administration. But Chancellor Kent says
that the authority against such a proposition waa
much greater than the authorities relied upon by
the commentator, being the authority of Hamil-
ton, who,as he showed,recognized the rightand
authority of the States notwithstanding the Con-
stitution of the United States to authorize the issue
of State bank paper.
If iube true that the power exists in the States
to establish State banks and to give to those banks
the power to establish acurrency,then that power
is just as much out of the sphere of congressional
power as any other power which the States may
have reserved to them or not surrendered by the
Constitution. 1 think, therefore, certainly with
very sincere respect, that the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance is mistaken in
his constitutional law. Whether we should have
the power is not a question to be considered when
we are called upon to decide whether we have
the power. If it be really doubtful whether the
power exists—doubtful as an original question,
doubtful as a question at this day, notwithstand-
ing the judicial decisions which have been pro-
nounced on the subject—then the policy of the
power, the necessity of the power would go a
great way, or rather,as I think, should go a great
way, in causing us to solve the doubt so as to en-
able us to subserve the public interests. But in
the view which 1 take there is no doubt; and if
theie is no doubt, then the Congress of the Uni-
ted States have no authority to interfere on this
question.
Mr. President, the propriety of this banking
system is not now before us. The question, as
stilted by the chairman in his interruption for a
momentof the honorable Senator from California,
was perfectly correct. The propriety of thatsys-
tem is nota question involved in this debate. The
system was adopted before, and so far as the
Senate have thought it should be altered, the Sen-
ate have altered it. Some of their amendments
and alterations have been assented to by the House
of Representatives; some have been rejected; and
the subject is now before a committpe of confer-
ence. One of the amendments suggested by the
Senate was, that the States should Jiave the right
of taxing these national banks. I hope that that
may be the final result.
Mr. COLLAMER. Taxing the shares?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir. But if it should
not be the result, as it seems to me the opposite
decision will have a very material bearing upon
a proper decision of the question which is now be-
fore us: shall the State banks be taxed, and if
they shall be taxed to what extent shall they be
taxed? If taxation with reference to both systems
of banking is to go on pari passu, or, in other
words, if the United States is to have the right,
as she certainly has, of taxing the State banks,
and the States are to have the right of taxing the
United States banks, or the shares in the United
States banks, then the taxation may be made
equal, as it is in this instance with the exception
wliich has been spoken of. But if you deny to
the States the right to tax the national banks, it
may become a very important question whether
you will cxercise your right to tax the State
banks. That question cannot arise until we know
what may be the determination of Congress upon
the particular question which is now in abeyance.
One word more, and I shall have done. I have
heard upon more occasions than one in debate .
some doubt expressed whether the country will
be able to meet the debt which it is incurring;
even'*whether it will be able to meet the existing
debt, the one incurred; and still greater doubt
whether it will be able to meet any increase of
that debt, i have heard, therefore, repudiation
spoken of, not in clear terms, but ambiguously
given out. Witli all deference to those who may
