THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. EI YES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Comgress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, .TUNE 1, 1864.
New Series No. 163.
have such apprehensions, 1 submit whether it is
proper at this time to announce them. The an-
nouncement of our inability to pay the national
debt strikes at the credit of the Government more
fatally than any other one thing of which I can
conceive. The moment it is supposed to be prob-
able, and it may be supposed probable when Sen-
ators or members of the other House express a
belief that the end will come, that the Govern-
ment will not be able to meet its engagements,
you inflict a wound that will tell at once, and tell
more fatally from hour to hour and from day to
day, as that doubt may be made to fasten itself
upon the public judgment.
Sir, I entertain no such doubt. Be the war on
our part succcssful or unsuccessful, terminate it
now or terminate it a year hence, and this debt,
of a magnitude almost appalling looked at by
ifself, may still be met, the public honor pre-
served, the name of the nation saved, and notonly
its name and honor preserved and saved, but
made to be higher by the ability which it will ex-
hibit and may exhibit that it is capable to meet
even the gigantic expenses necessary to carry oil
the gigantic war ill which we are engaged for the
purpose of saving the life of the nation. Looked
at by itself, considered only arithmetically, it is
a burden bard to be borne; but look away from
it, look at the resources of the nation, look at the
enterprise of our people, look at our magnificent
domain, look at the invention and the patriotism
of our people, see what we are now doing and
how we are now apparently prospering, and I
submit there is no well grounded fear but that the
nation will be able to emerge from this war,
whether it succeeds in restonng the Union, as I
doubt not it will, or whether it fail, greater even
than it was before the attempt to dissolve it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not mean to enter
into a discussion of constitutional principles, or
to cite cases. I think it is a little too late to do
anything of that sort, especially on a bill of this
kind. The Senator misunderstood me entirely.
He must have misunderstood me, for he never
misrepresents anybody. He says just what I
said: Congress has ail undoubted right to tax
State banks just as it pleases and as much as it
pleases. That he assumes. That is true; I said
that myself; and I said that for myself I would
exercise that power if it became necessary to ac-
complish a great national purpose. TheSenator
admits further, (what every lawyer knows,) that
when we exercise a constitutional power our
motives may be what they please; the courts never
look into them; and therefore they do not affect
the question. That is all I want. The question
of constitutionality does notarise either directly
or indirectly, or even remotely in any shape or
form, and therefore all such discussions are out
of place.
What I meant to say was—and I repeat it for
fear of being misunderstood—that at present I see
no occasion to exercise the discriminating power,
and at present I think it would be unwise to do
it to any considerable extent, because I think too
great stringency would affect injuriously the busi-
ness of the country. 1 will say moreover that I
agree with the honoiable Senator from Ohio that
these two systems cannot long exist together;
one must yield to the other for the good of the
community and the good of the currency of the
country; but you cannot make violent changes.
At present the national bank system has hardly
gone into operation; the capital is very small; we
must give some time for the community to ac-
commodate itself to it. I would give the time
necessary; and if it shall be found after giving
that time that the national bank system, as it is
called, is a success, succeeds well, if it be found
to be good and strong and that it has fastened it-
self upon the confidence of the community, then
will be the time to act wit h reference to the other
question, and we. shall not have acted hastily.
How 1 should act in such an emergency one
year hence or two yeais hence or three yeais
hence would depend upon the state of things at
that time. When the time comes we act accord-
1(>3
ing to the necessities of the ease as they present
themselves. If it shall then be found that hereis
a national system which is beneficial and useful
in itself and ought to go into operation for the
benefit of the currency of the country, and the
State banks stand in its way after having had
ample notice and time to accommodate their busi-
ness to it, then will be the time for more stringent
measures, and if the good of the country shall
require it i shall not hesitate to apply those meas-
ures either in the shape of increased taxation, or,
if that will not accomplish the purpose, in the
shape of prohibition. Whether that time will
come or not, whether events will illustrate the
necessity of that we must wait to see. I trust all
of us who shall have the privilege or the burden
of acting upon such questions will be wise enough
at that time to act according to the necessities of
the case as it presents itself.
This, sir, is what I meant to say before.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator has certainly
stated me incorrectly. I did say that the motive
of Congress or of an individual member of Con-
gress in passing a law for exerting a power which
they have a right to exert is a matter which can-
not be questioned; but it is a very different mat-
ter when we are here ourselves to decide what is
the limitation upon our power. Wis are as much
bound to adhere to the Constitution as the courts,
and we are just as much violating the Constitu-
tion of the United States if we do, in the execu-
tion of the particular power, what the power was
not granted to accomplish, as the courts would
do if they sanctioned it. What I said was this:
that if the purpose stated by the Senator from
Maine was pluced in the preamble to the bill, that
that would raise the question whether the Con-
gress had the power of taxing to accomplish that
purpose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I drafted the bill I
should not put it there.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; of course you would
not put it there. Then if that purpose is not to
be put there because that purpose would, in the
judgment of the Supreme Court of the United
States, be unconstitutional, do we not violate the
Constitution if we act upon the purpose?
Mr, FESSENDEN. The Senator is arguing
a case of individual conscience, not of law.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; I mean the conscience
of every member of the Senate, the conscience of
Congress. That is what I mean. I cannot make
it plainer, it seems to me. If we have not the
power, under the taxing power, of putting an end
to State banks, then we ought not to exert it.
We do not get clear of the difficulty by failing to
state that we do exert it with that view.
Mr. CLARK. 1 offered last evening an amend-
ment in regard to tobacco. I will withdraw that
amendment now if the Senate pleases, because
there are some parties who aie desirous to con-
verse with me further about it before it is offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be no
objection, the amendment will be considered as
withdrawn. The Chair hears none.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the bill 
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the courtesy of the
Senator from New Hampshire. I propose to
amend the section that is under consideration.
Mr. CLARK. I think the Senator had better
let the committee go on with their amendments.
He can offer his amendment afterwards.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly; but I did not know
that the Senator was acting in that capacity at
this time.
Mr. CLARK. 1 am moving amendments for
the committee. The amendments which I shall
offer may be considered as amendments that have
been agreed upon by the committee, and I offer
them in behalf of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make this suggestion:
I do not want to forfeit my right to offer an
amendment to the section that has been under
consideration. If I have it at any time it will
suit me just as well to offer it hereafter as now.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will have just as
much right to offer it in the future us now. 1 do
not desire thaithe should forfeitthatright. If he
fears that he is in danger of forfeiting it,, I will
give way; but I do not understand that there is
any such danger.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wanted to preserve my
right.
Mr. CLARK. On page 226, I move to strike
out the proviso in lines sixty-seven, sixty-eight,
sixty-nine, and seventy, and to insert what 1 shall
send to the Chair instead of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the attention ofthe.
Senator from Michigan to this change.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes, sir; I have my eye
on it.
The Secretary read the amendment, to strike
out the following proviso:
Provided, That so far as this act relates to friction or
Inciter matches marie in part of wood,. or to cigar lights or
wax tapers, the same shall not take effect until the 1st day
of August, 1864.
And to insert:
Provided, That the stamp duties herein "provided for oh
friction or lucifrr matches mad? in part of wood, or on cigar
lights or wax taper*, shall not be imposed until the 1st day
of September, 1864; but until that time the tax shall be
assessed and collected as heretofore; and on and after said
1st day of September every package or parcel sold by any
person, firm, company, or corporation shall be stampedas
herein required.
Mr. SUMNER. I should Jike to know what
is the reason of that postponement.
Mr. CLARK. The reason is this: that it re-
quires some time for the parties to dispose of the
stock that is on hand. It could not be disposed
of under the provision which the committee re-
ported originally, because a great many of the
matches are packed and cannot be stamped unless
they are repacked, and many of them have been
sold. The committee have concluded to give them
until the 1st of September to dispose of the stock
on hand and to get their machinery ready for the
new preparation. Then, after that time, on what-
ever package is made by any person, no matter
whom, the stamp will be required.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask tho Senator from
New Hampshire whether he will notalso consent
to exempt the manufactured stock which is on
hand then; that is, on the 1st of September?
Mr. CLARK. No; that would not do, I will
state to the Senator from Michigan, because if we
did that they would go on from this time until
then manufacturing them; they would employ
the three or four months to comc in manufactur-
ing a stock to have on hand at that time which
would be sold under the old law. We give them
this time simply to enable them to get rid of what
they have on hand, and we require them, if they
manufacture and have on hand anything at that
time, to place the stamp upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. That I understand to bean
amendment offered by the committee.
Mr. CLARK. This is an amendment of the
committee on consideration of the various objeca
tions that were made to the other provision.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I will state to the honor-
able Senator from Michigan that it relieves them
of all the difficulties that they urged, while at the
same time it prevents them from accumulating a
large stock at the time this tax goes into opera-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD. I see the effect.
Mr. CLARK. We found ^reat difficulty in
fixing it so that they should not continue to man-
ufacture and oscapu the tax and at the same time
relieve the matter of the objections that were made
to it.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think I should have con-
curred with the committee if 1 had been on the
committee in regard to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. -I move further to amend the
bill on page 135, section ninety-three, line two
hundred and nineteen, by inserting after the word
"books" the words "and on photographs so
small in size that a stamp cannot be affixed, a
duty of five prr cent, ad valorem."
Mr. SUMNER. I suggest whether it would
not be a simpler tax to amend that clause so as
