1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; the gentleman is con-
structively upon his plantation.
Mr. CLA.Y. The overseers on those planta-
tions have been driven offby the military author-
ities; and are the plantations to be seized as aban-
doned property on that account?
Mr. ELIOT. Why did they not remain upon
their property if they were loyal men? If they
were rebels they have probably gone South anu
are in the rankg of the rebellion. But the deser-
tion by the overseer does not leave the gentleman's
farm "abandoned."
Mr. CLAY. They have gone off because the
law did not protect them on their plantations. I
was myself in Kentucky, and had to go over into
Ohio for protection.
Mr. ELIOT. If the owners of these planta-
tions are rebels, we will take their slaves if we
can, and take care of them until they ean contribute
to thcii own support.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask .the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether, under the sixth sec-
tion of this act, abandoned plantations in Ken-
tucky, Maryland, or any one of the slave States,
may not be subject to colonization and settlement
through the agency of the commission? I call his
attention to the proposed amendment to the sixth
section, which expressly provides forcolonization
on these plantations which have been abandoned,
without making any distinction between loyal
and disloyal slave States.
Mr. ELIOT. If I understand the inquiry of the
gentleman from Indiana, it is whether, under the
provisions of this bill, some portion of the State
of Kentucky may not be taken as colony ground.
No, sir; it may not be. This bill proposes no such
scheme.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky 
Mr. ELIOT. Massachusetts, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I beg pardon of Kentucky,
and of the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Laugh-
ter.] I wish to ask the gentleman from Massachu-
setts whether, when he made the remark just now
thatKentucky was out of the ring for the present,
he intended to biing Kentucky into the ring, and
how and when ?
Mr. ELIOT. I should like right well to an-
swer that question, but it will take a little time.
It is a mere matter of personal opinion that the
gentleman inquires about, how long it would be
before I should want to biing Kentucky into the
ring, and what I would do with her. I have no
sort of objection to answer the gentleman's ques-
tion.
Mr. MALLORY. [ wantto ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts whether he wants to confis-
cate the landed estate of my colleague [Mr. Clay]
in the State of Mississippi, knowing my colleague
to be a Union man? is he willing that this bill
shall so operate as to call my colleague's property
in Mississippi abandoned propeity,and to have
that property taken and settled by freedmen, per-
haps by the slaves of my colleague?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly not, sir. Certainly
not. We are kmd-hearted people on this side of
the House.
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman's bill does
that very thine:.
Mr. ELIOT. Oh no, sir. I pray you read it.
Mr. MALLORY. I have read it, and I think
the gentleman himself does not clearly compre-
hend it.
Mr. KNAPP. If I understand the gentleman,
he claims that it is not proposed that this bill shall
operate in the State of Kentucky at all.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir, it does not.
Mr. KNAPP. I call the attention of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts to that part of the sixth
section which gives the commissioners power to
permit persons of African descent, and persons
who are, or shall have become, free, to occupy,
cultivate, and improve, all lands lying_ within
those districts now or heretofore in rebellion,and
all real estate to which the United States shall
have acquired title. Now, under the operations
of the various confiscation laws, the United States
may acquire title to lands in Kentucky, and I de-
sire to know from the gentleman from Massachu-
setts whether this bill is not intended to operate
on these lands.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask the gentleman whether he
intends to say that the State of Kentucky is m re-
bellion?
Mr. KNAPP. No; butl understand thatagood
many of the citizens of Kentucky have joined the
rebellion, and that their property in Kentucky is
liable to confiscation.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker,has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to go to busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 raise the point of order that
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
having the floor the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Stevens] cannot take the floor from
him.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is familiar with the rule that allows any member
to take the floor and move to go to the Speaker's
table. The gentleman from Massachusetts has
twelve minutes of unexpired time.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely want the Senate
amendments to the internal revenue bill referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania has already consumed two minutes, and I
have only twelve minutes in which to finish my
remarks.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think that the gen-
tleman fiom Massachusetts should be taken off
the floor by the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
on that subject.
The Clerk read from Barclay's Digest a sen-
tence stating that it is the invariable practice to
permit a member, on the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, to take the floor, even though another
member may be occupying it, to make the motion
to proceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 merely wanted to have a
bill referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I have no objection to the gentleman going on and
finishing his remarks. 1 withdraw my motion
if the gentleman docs not fake it kindly.
Mr.'ELTOT. Mr. Speaker, there is another
view to take of this question of expense. There
has not been a day since the fortunes of war first
opened to the slave his way to freedom when there
have not come to our forts and military camps
and within our lines, everywhere when fort or
camp or line was accessible, men and women, old
and young, of all ages and conditions, healthy
and strong, disabled"and infirm. Everywhere our
banner has been raised these fugitives have tended
toward it as the needle turns toward its pole. And
they have come under the stars of our flag with
the faith of the nuxnnci who holds his helm so
that his disabled bailc may keep its course north-
ward although the tempestshall threaten and dark-
ness is all around him, for he knows right well
that above the storm the north starisshiningand
will guide him safely to his home. When they
began to come General Butler received and re-
tained them, for they were " contraband of war."
In old England when, by mischance, a man was
killed, the thing that caused his death was held
sacied, and called " Jeodand." The Union "as
it was" has been dashed against the slave and
destroyed. Let the slave be "deodami" forever,
for he has been forfeited to God! But coming as
these slaves did before proclamations or confisca-
tion acts, our Government has been compelled to
take them, to feed them, to clothe them, to shelter
them, and they still come, and they would come
without proclamation or law. They hail our suc-
cessful generals as angels of deliverance, and when
the Galena chieftain, who is sometimes alluded
to on this floor by his irrepiessibJe Representative,
shall advance again his conquering armies, he will
hear sounding through rice field and cane-brake
and savanna and swamp, hearty and earnest ho-
sannas to Universal Salvation Gt ant! These freed-
men must live at the Governmcntcharge until they
are permitted to support themselves. We cannot
help it. Wc have not been able from the begin-
1 mug to avoid it. In Virginia and Maryland and
| North Carolina and all down the Mississippi,and
| upon the sea islands of the South, the same causes
j have operated and the same results have followed,
j We have no means of knowing until the facts can
' be gathered from the different military departments
| how many rations or what other aid it has been
I necessary to provide for refugees from bondage,
j Itought, indeed, to be stated thatsuch aid has been
! >nven not alone to eolored refugees, but to the
"poor whites" to keep them from starvation.
In the report of Messrs. Owen, McKay, and Howe
to the War Department, it is said that—
" In November last General Butler was feeding In New
Orleans thirty-two thousand whites, seventeen thousand
of whom -wore Briti3h-bor , and only ten thousand ncgroesj
these last chiefly women and children, the able-bodied ne-
gro men being usually employed on abandoned plantations.
Nor where relief lias been required by both whites and
blacks have the latter usually applied for or received in
proportion to their number nearly as much as the former.
Mr. .Vincent Uolyer, appointed by General Burnside at
Newborn, North Carolina,superintendentof the poor, white
and black, reports that while seven thousand five hundred
eolored persons and eighteen hundred white persons re-
ceived relief," * * * * " the average propor-
tion dealt out" ■* + * * « was about as one to
each colored person to sixteen for each white person. At
the time this occurred work was offered to both blacks and
whites—to the whites at the rate of twelve dollars a month,
and to the blacks at the rate of eight dollars a month."
It is also true that no needless expense has been
incurred. Captain Hooper, in speaking of the de-
partment of the South, says:
" Where the Government lias been obliged to support
destitute contrabands ithas issued only such portions of the
Army ration as were absolutely necessary to support life.
No fair-minded man acquainted with the facts of the case
can say that in this department they have bo far beenagreat
burden to Mich a Government as ours."
I have no reason to believe that in any of our
departments aid has been given where it was not
necessary.
But the point I malce is that large expenses are
now incurred. And it is impossible to prevent
this charge from being continued needlessly unless
the Government shall take this matter in hand
and by its own organized apd systematic action
enable the freedmen to support themselves. The
sooner this bureau is efficiently established, the
sooner that expense will be avoided.
Mr. Speaker, it is not possible that the work of
this bureau can be properly performed by any
agency except that of the Government. The ar-
gument on this point is well stated m the letter
to the President from the freedmcn's societies of
Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati:
"There is not yet in the public mind any duly awakened
sense of the magnitude of the negio qu^tion, as for two
yeais there was not ol the war itself. The Government
irubt know, even bettei than the people, what the vastness
ol the question is, and is it not proper loi us to ask if, Mr.
President, the Government is doing, or picparing to do,
what isnecessaty loineet it; to i educe the evils connected
with emancipation to their lowet-t point, and elevate its
blessing-: to the highest; to establish a system, carefully
considered and adapted, and executed with energy and
zeal, ioi the thorough and geneial dealing with the freed-
men? It is plain to us, with our experience, that the ques-
tion is too laige for anything shoit of Government authoii-
ty, Government resource*, and Government ubiquity to deal
with. The plans, the means, the agencies within any vol-
unteer control are insignificant, m their adequacy to the
va-tness ot the demand. Our u hef associations have dis-
chaiged their burliest duty m testing many of the most
doubtful questions touching the negroes' ability and will-
ingness to come under dheetiori when direction has lost
its authoututive character. They have pioved the ficed-
iiiau's dilurenee, docility, and loyalty, h\> intelligence and
value as a laboier. Thev have alleviated much want and
misery al*o. Hut weic thcirreaources ten times what they
are, and ten times what they ean be made, they would be
no substitute for the governmental watchfulness and pio-
visiou which .>-0 numerous a raeeundersueh extraordinary
ciicum-tances requires. Jn our judgment Hie present aud^
the future of the freedmen demands a kind and degree of
<-tudy, ot guidance, and of aid, which it is m the nature of
tl)jn«N impossible the Government should give indirectly, or
by means of any existing bureau or combination of buieaus.
The case is large enomrh, serious enough, urgent enough,
involving the nation's inteiest, its humanity, the respect of
the people for the Administration, and our reputation
thtoii"hout the woild. to require the best ability the coun-
try otters, organized in a icgulaily constituted Government
bureau, with ail the militarv and civil powers of the Gov-
ernment behind it, with all the exiting machinery of trans-
poitation, eommissaiy stoics, and quartermaster's facili-
ties with ali the omnipresence of the national agencies co-
oidinated and brought to bear upon the treatment of the
ca«e. . ,
  We ask, then, vour interposition with C ongress, recom-
mending the immediate creation of a Bureau of Emancipa-
tion charged with the study of pl.ins and the execution of
measures lor easing, guiding, and in cveiy way judiciously
and humanely aiding the of our emancipated and
vet to be emancipated blacks from their old condition of
t'oiced labor to their new state of voluntaiy industry. We
ask it for many reasons, but we will content ouiselves with
btating onlv two :
"1. It is neeessaiy that there -houid be a contial office,
to collect from original investigations, and to receive trom
investigations already made and inakin , the now scattered
information and v.uied and undigested testimony respect-
ing the condition, wants, and piospects of the freedman.
The amount of knowledge now isting m private hands, or
local spheres and associations, is already great; but it is
nearly useless for want ot being arranged and biought into
systematic older. It ofloied to the Government, as iteon-
btanth |s, a is biought to officials already overburdened
with eaio and duties, and laid before Departments which are
not jet agreed as to the pieci.c sphere within which it
