2594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
to read, "On photographs or any other sun pic-
ture, a duty of five per cent, ad valorem," strik-
ing out the intermediate words, " being copies of
engravings or works of art, or used for the illus-
tration of books." That, of course, would re-
quire the striking out of the provision on page
226, It seems to me that there is an unnecessary
complication here in connection yith rather a
small matter. If the committee have considered
this matter and its details, I should not set my
knowledge of the subject or the conversations I
have had with persons interested in it against
their conclusions; but I was led to believe that
in this case, as in most others, the preferable tax
was that which was the simplest in form; and I
doubt the expediency of the exceptional tax here
on a particular kind' of photograph. I should
suggest, therefore, as I said in the beginning, one
single tax on all photographs, not going into any
question of detail. But when I make the sug-
gestion that is all I propose to do.
Mr. CLARK. The committee have given their
attention, and a good deal of attention, to this
matter. As the bill came to us from the House
of Representatives, photographs were taxed by
stamps; and that is probably the simplest way in
which they can be taxed. But thenitwasrepre-
sented to the committee, and the committee pro-
vided for the case, that there were photographs,
or sun pictures, as they are sometimes called,
which are copies of engravings and works of art,
that are sold as low as three and one half cents a
card, and to imposea tax on them like other card
photographs would be onerous upon them. We
then made the provision which stands in lines two
hundred and seventeen, two hundred and eighteen,
and two hundred and nineteen, to exempt that
class of cases. Then it was again represented to
us that there are photographs made so small as
memorials and mementoes, to put into lockets,
that you cannot put a stamp upon them. We
have concluded to exempt those also, and put
them under the ad valorem clause. But, let me
say to the honorableSenatorfromMassachusntts,
this is not a small matter in the way of icvonue.
By the stamp we can get a great deal of revenue
without its being onerous. I desire to have the
amendmentwhich I havenowmovedadopted,and
then 1 shall move a reconsideration of the vote by
which the Semite struck out the stamp duty the
other day, so as to leave the stamp duty as it
stood. The committee, on more mature consid-
eration, think it should remain.
The amendment wan agreed to.
Mr. CLARK, t now move to reconsider the
vote of the Senate, by which the clause com-
mencing at line seventy-one and ending at line
seventy-nine, on page '£16, was stricken out. We
struck out all the stamp duly on photographs.
I desire to have it restored.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CLAIIK. I now move to amend that
clause in the seventy-second line, by striking out
the words " copies of engravings and works of
art," and inserting the words "as hereinbe-
fore provided;" so that it will read:
Photograph-., ambrotypes dngwrreotypes, or any sun
pi<'tu v% except as hereinbefore piovided, upon each and
every plf'ttne of which the retail price Khali not exceed
fwuity live ccnH, two ccnl->; exceeding ihc jeuul puce
ot twenty live rentf, and not cvccdiny the stun of fifty
rem*, thiee eent*; exceeding the retail pneo of fifty cents,
and not r.\ecednij: one dollar, live e< nts ; exceeding the
retail price of one dollar, for every additional dollar or
fraetioiiai part thereof, five emit*.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Before we past* from that
subject, allow me to a;>k the St nator if it does
not leave copies of engravings or works of art
with the smallest tax;
Mr. CLARK. It leaves them with the ad
valorem tax of five per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. I was going to observe that
some of the most valuable photographs would fall
under that clause as "copies of engravings or
works of art."
Mr. CLARK. That may be very true; but
they ate sold generally very cheap, and there is
no other way of distinguishing them. You can
buy them at the rate of three and a half cents.
The committee found it necessary to make that
ame nd nient.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. CLARK. On page 23, section twenty-
two, lines two and tlnee, I move to stnke out the
words u from the date of their appointment;" bo
that it will read:
That there shall be allowed and paid to tlie several as-
sessors a salary of $1,500 per annum, &c.
It is necessary to strike out these words on ac-
count of the amendment made last night allowing
them to have their appointments under the old
law, otherwise they would get the increased sal-
aryfrom the date of their appointment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 59, section fifty-four,
line fourteen, after the word " gallon," i move to
insert these words:
And all spirits which may be in the possession of the dis-
tiller on either the 1st day of June, October, or January
afoiesaid, no duty having been paid thereon, shall be held
and treated as if distilled on each of tho&e days respectively.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the effect of that
amendment?
Mr. CLARK. The effect of it is to prevent
their evading the tax on all that portion of liquor
which they may have on hand and distilled, but
which they have not sold or removed for con-
sumption and sale. As the bill now stands that
would not fall under either class; it will be dis-
tilled but not removed, so that it cannot be taxed
without this provision.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand this amend-
ment does not interfere with the decision of the
Senate not to tax liquor on hand.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the words " if the tax has
not been paid thereon."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course if the tax has
been paid, it has been removed. They do not
pay tne tax until they remove or sell it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Indiana that the words
he proposes to insert are already in the amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. The objcct of my amendment
is only to £iiard against an evasion of the law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sena-
tor whether, if the distiller desires to pay the tax
the day before on all the stock that is m his es-
tablishment, he may do so, and thereby avoid the
increase on those days?
Mr. CLARK. lie may, and it would not fall
within this provision, because the duty would
have been paid.
Mr. COWAN. This is to supply a casus omis-
sus in the law.
Mr. CLARK. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 65, section fifty-nine,
line six, I move to insert after the word "pre-
scribe" the words "and such warehouse; so
that it will read:
That the owner oi owneis of any distilleiy or oil refinery
may piovule, at his or their own expense, a warehouse es-
tablished in contoimity with such regulations as the Sec-
retftiyot the Treasury may piesciibe ; and such warehouse,
when appioved by ihc coilectoi, is hereby deelaied a bonded
warehouse, &,e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 8G, section seventy-
six, line twenty-eight, the committee desire to
strike out the words '' at auctionin the amend-
ment reported from the committee which has been
adopted. They should not be in there, in the
opinion of the committee, and they desire to have
them stricken out. I suppose by unanimous con-
sent that amendment can be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. On page 98, section seventy-
eight., line two hundred and seventy-nine, after
the word "auctioneers," 1 move to insert the
words "whose annual sales do notexceed $10,000,
shall pay ten dollars for each license; auctioneers
whose annual sales exceed §10,000;" so that the
clause will read:
Auctioneers whose annual sales do not exceed $10,000
shall pay ten dollars lor « ach licence ; auctioneers whose
annual hairs evceed ."510,000 f-hail pay twenty dollars for
each license.
This amendment divides the auctioneers into
two classes, according to the amount of their gales.
It is thought that we may obtain more revenue
by allowing the auctioneers to pay a smaller li-
cense in case their sales were small; that there
would be moic uf them m some of the small towns.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 125, section ninety-
one, line five, after the word " paid" I move to
insert the wo^s " with the knowledge thereof;"
so that it will read:
That if any person other than the manufacturer shall
sell, or consign, or remove for sale, or part with the pos-
session of any manufactured tobacco, stemmed tobacco,
snuff, or ciqais, upon which the duties imposed by law
have not been paid, with the knowledge theieof, such per-
son.shall be liable to a penalty of $100 for each and every
offense.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. CLARK. On page 146, section ninety-
three, line four hundred and eighty-one, in the
amendment recommended by the Committee on
Finance and adopted by the Senate, the commit-
tee desire to strike out the word " paid." It now
reads, " and the tax paid thereon, with the name
of the manufacturer." The tax may be paid or
it may not. That amendment may be made by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. On the same page, line four
hundred and ninety-four, I desire to make the
same amendment, to strike out the word " paid."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. CLARK. On page 149, at the end of sec-
tion ninety-six, I move to insert the following:
That all manufactures and productions on which a duty
was imposed by either ot the acts repealed by this act
which shall be in the possession of the manutactuier or
producer, or of his agent or agents at the place of inanu-
factme on the day when this act takes efiect, the duty im-
posed by said foimer act not having been paid shall beheld
and deemed to have been manutaetuied or pioduced after
said date; and whenever, by the terms of tins act, a duty
is imposed upon any ai tides, goods, wares, or merchan-
dise manufactured or produced, upon which no duty was
paid by either of said former acta, it shall apply only to
such as are manufactured or produced on or alter the day
when this act takes efiect, and to such as a re manufactured
or piodneed and not removed from the place of manufac-
ture or pioduction prior to that act.
This amendment relates to manufactures, and
it provides that manufactures which have been
manufactured, but on which no duty has been
paid and that have not been removed on the day
this act takes effect, shall be taxed by this act,
but up to the time of its passage they shall not;
so that they shall not escape the tax in the same
way in which the whisky escapcd it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 151, section ninety-
eight, line nineteen, after the word "any" I move
to insert the words " merchandise, produce, or,"
so as to make it correspond with the amendment
made by the committee in the fourth line of that
section. The proviso will then read:
That any person, firm, oi company licensed as a broker
or banker who shall sell or otfer to sell any merchandise,
produce, or gold or silver bullion, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. On page 33, section fourteen,
line thirty-seven, I move to strike out the woid
" reside and to insert the words " have taxable
property;" so that it will read:
It shall be the duty of the assessor or assistant assessor
of the district within which such pei&ons shall have taxable
property to enter into and upon the premises, See.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. Those are all the amendments
that I propose at the present time in behalf of the
committee.
Mr. POWELL. I move to amend the billon
page 127, section ninety-three, line fourteen, by
inserting after the words "dust coal" the words
" and coal mined and used exclusively for the
distillation of coal oil." The bill as it now stands
taxes the coal out of which this coal oil is made;
the oil also is taxed. That should not be. It was
the intention of the committee of the House of
Representatives, as I understand, to exempt it,
but somehow it was omitted. The clause now
reads:
On mlneial coals, except such as are known inthetiade
as pea coal and dust coal, a duty ot five cents per ton.
I desire to make an exception of the coal that
is used for the manufacture of this oil. It is evi-
dently pioper that it should be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be made. We have already made a dis-
tinction of five cents between the oil that is made
from coal and the oil that is made from petroleum.
That is distinction enough, and is really more
than enough, and the amount of that was fixed
laiger than it otheiwise would have been to ae-
