1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1610
tin's very hour the liberty of free speech and the
press in JSngland is free from all power to restrain
it, although it lias never constituted an article in
her bills of rights. These rights are well sustained
by authority. I now read from Story's Comment-
aries on the Constitution, volume tlnee, section
one Lhousand eight hundred and seventy-eight:
" Uvery freeman has an undoubted right to lay what sen-
timents lie pleases befoio the public; to foibid this Is to
deutioy the needoin of the pies*."
I also quote from the constitution of Massa-
setts, which reads as follows:
"The liberty of the press is essential to the security of
freedom in a State."
i apprehend the gentleman will not question
the authority of tins abolition State. 1 hold in
my hand the first volume of Kent's Commentaries,
lectuic twenty-four, in which, after a large sur-
vey of the whole subject, he does not scruple
to declaie the following- language:
" It has become a constitutional pi nioiple in thi.> coun-
try that every citizen may fieely speak, wute, and publish
his  sentiments upon all subjects;" * * * *
"and that no law can rightfully be passed to restrain or
abridge the freedom of the pie^.J;
T also read from second volume Kent's Com-
mented ies, page 17, as follows:
"The librial communication of sentiment and entne
freedom of discus-ion, in ie.*.pect to the eharaetei andeon-
duct ol public men, iuul of eoinlidate-j for public favor,
deemed essential to the judicious yxereite of the right of
fcutfiage, and of that eoniiol over then tniers winch re-
sides in the fiee people ol tlie United States."
1 also lead from 4 Blackstone's Commentaries,
page 15:2, as follows:
"Evciy fteeinan ha«; an undoubted rightto lay whatsen-
timent he plcas.es> befoie the ptiiriio; to foibul to de-
stioj the fieedom of the ptes-s.''
Which is the same language used by the learned
Story. Even Junius, with ins severe and bitter
assaults upon, established authority and doctiines,
utteis the following language:
" The liheitv of the pre  < is the palladium of all the civil,
political, and religious lights of an Engli.Nlmi.in."
It is a right tecognized and guarantied by the
common law of Kngland so far back that the
memory of man runneth not to the coutiary. It
has been so carefully guarded there thatif a man
by woid of mouth ehaige another with the crime
of murder, he cannot be ai raigned except before
a jury of the country in a civil action for dam-
ages. No indictment or other criminal proceed-
ing can be sustained against any person at com-
mon law for verbal slander, however false may
be the charge or heinous the crime.
However base it may be for a man to speak his
sentiments and libel his neighbois,outside of the
Halls of Congress, he cannot be arraigned by a
criminal prosecution for any invasion of charac-
ter. By the common law, where a person was
prosecuted for slander he could plead but one
plea, either a denial that he made the charge or a
defense admitting that he made it, and justifying
it upon the ground of its tiuth; and if he pleaded
the geiieial issue, and the speaking of the words
was proven, although the plaintiff was guilty of
the offense, the defendant was not allowed to
prove it. Libel or written slander is indictable at
common law: and upon the trial of the indict-
ment the defendant was not permitted to prove
that the person was guilty of the offense charged;
and it was just as criminal to charge a man in
writing with the commission of a crime, although
he was guilty, as if lie was innocent; but in this
countty, the wisdom of our fathers was such
that the constitutions of most or all the differ-
ent States allow the defendant in a criminal pio-
ceeding for libel to give the truth of the libei in
evidence; and the Legislatures of the several
States have authoiized the defendantin an action
for sland'T to plead both the general issue that he
did not utter the words charged, and also that the
woids charged are true, thereby allowing the
defendant, if he fails upon the geneial issue, to
piove that the woids are true.
Although England has been satisfied with the
negative establishment of this fireside right, the
people of Ameiica have not been willing to rest
upon such an uncertain foundation as the pleasure
of the Government might dictate. As soon as it
was discovered that the organic law of this coun-
try had not provided sufficient guarantees of free
speech and press, loud complaints were made,
and most of the Stat's instt ucted their Rept esenta-
tives to secure an amendment; and this sentiment
was so prevalent throughout the country that the
first session proposed an amendment,since adopted
by all the States, and made a part of the organic
law, that " Congress shall make no law abridging
the freedom of speech or of the press;" and the
convention of Virginia which ratified the Consti-
tution of the United States declared, in as tide six-
teen of the bill of lights then agreed to—
"That the people have a right to the freedom of ppeech
and of writing and publishing their sentiments; that the
freedom of the press ir- one ol the greatest bulwaiks of lib-
erty, and ought not to be violated." * * * * "That
among othei ewmtial lights, the liberty of conscience and
ot the press cannot be canceled, abridged, restrained, or
modified by any authority of the United .State*.''
But notwithstanding the guarantees given to
these home-bred rights, the Congress of the Uni-
ted States in July, 1798, under the Administra-
tion of John Adams, passed a law whereby it was
enacted that
"If any person «ball write, print, utter, or publnh any
f.iNe and malicious wilting against the Government of the
United Stale* or either House of Congte.-^ or the Pioident,
with intent to defame them or either of them, or to bung
them oi cither of them into contempt oi disrepute, or to ex-
cite uguin-t them oi either of them the hatred of the good
people ol the United States then such person, being tbeteof
convicted befoie anyeouit of the United States having
jui isdietion thereof, shall be punished by a fine not exceed-
ing $0,000 and by imprisonment not exceeding two yeais."
The consequence of which act was that it created
great dissatisfaction among all the people of the
United States except those of whom the present
paity are the disciples, and brought forth the cel-
ebrated Kentucky and Virginia resolutions which
from that day to this constitute the platform of
the Democratic party .upon the principles of which
they went into power and so continued for twenty-
foui constcuti\e yeats. The voiceofGnd speaks
to us ft o m the fountains of heaven, (< What shall
it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose
Ins own soul5" And the spirits of the mighty dead
who died for the liberties of this country interro-
gate us fiom the bourneof eternal life, What will
it profit us if by war we restore our Union and
thereby forever lose liberty?
I am not here for the puipose of vindicating
the doctiines which the gentleman from Ohio de-
claied, as I am well known to be opposed to any
recognition of the so-called confederacy. But I
do stand heie to vindicate the lights of fiee
speech, and standing hero as a Representative of
the people, 1 will, before God and the nations of
the earth, declare my sentiments upon the great
questions of the day, although puson doors and
bastiles may open to receive me the moment they
aie uttered. Men in this country must be allowed
to exercise the right of free speech or we may bid
good-bye to liberty and to the grand fabric of hu-
man fieedom on which the hopes and destinies
of the whole civilized world are founded, and we
shall go down into the low depths of anaichy,
despotism, and tyranny, where our position will
be more like that of the serfs m Russia than free-
men of America. The object of this lesolution,
if I understand it, is that no man in this House
shall be peimitted, whatever may be the resultof
the war, although the most dreadful calamities
may come upon the nation, and the proud pillars
of libeity may be sinking beneath the iron heel of
despotism, to i«usc his voice in the Halls of this
Congress, and even piay Almighty God to stop
this war, without the strong arm of despotism
shall drive him fiom his seat. The rights ofjree
speed) are principles of liberty that are laid down
in the Declaration of independence and in the
Constitution of ray country. Sir, without liberty
the Union is worth nothing. I want no such
Union as that. It is not such a one as our fathers
made, it is not such a one as the patriots and
statesmen of the times that tiied men's souls
established and consolidated for the piotection !
and defense of the liberties of the white race of j
America. Itisa Union of despotism and tyranny, i
not a Union of fiaternrd independent States, ea< ii !
legislating for itself its own internal policy. It J
is a Union without fieedom of debate, without s
fieedom to exercise the constitutional right, of j
free speech, that right which has been guaran- j
tied to us by the laws of God and man. It is a |
Union without freedom fiom those uneonstitu- j
tional, outrageous, and tyrannical acts which ha\ e j
characterized tiie Administration in power. j
Ail! gentlemen, I ask you to pause and reason ]
with yourselves as men. This is no party ques- j
tion. It is a question affecting the destinies and ;
the libei ties of the country. It is a question ;
whether the Representatives of my own native ■
State shall be permitted to come heie and exer-
cise the right of free speech fearlessly before God
and man, m conformance with the rules laid down
in the organic law of the land. I am surprised
that no man on the other side of the House has
shown the noble heart which God gave him, and
raised his voice in defense of free speech, his
country,and liberty,and battled for the bulwarks
upon which the foundations of the Government
rest.
The Constitution says that each House shall
deteimine the rules of its proceedings, and roay 
for disorderly behavior, by a vote of two thirds
of its members,expel a member. The hue con-
struction of those words when all taken together
is that the member can be expelled only for dis-
ordeily behavior, tie cannot be expelled for the
exercise of any right guaiantied by the Constitu-
tion, and it is not disorderly behavior to calmly
discuss any question, when the Constitution
makes provision forthatright. Butif there is any
question about the true meaning of the organic
law in construing thatpait of it, as though there
was no other provision in it in relation to free
speech, there can be none when we take into con-
sideration all the provisions upon the subject. Af-
ter our faihers had framed the Constitution, fearing
thatdespotism might at some future lime attempt
to take the place of libei ty, they added to it several
.amendments, commonly called the Bill of Rights,
in the very first article of which it is provided that
"Congiess shall make no law respecting an es-
tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free
exercise thereof, or abiidgirig the freedom of
speech or of the press;" in addition to the clause
in the sixth section of the Constitution which de-
clares that the Senators and Representatives, for
any speech or debate in either House, shall not
be questioned in any other place.
The Constitution must be so constiued as to
conform to the intention of its makers, and its
reason and spirit, taking mto consideration all
'the provisions upon the subject, and construing
one with the other so that they will all be con-
sistent with each other and the object and inten-
tion of the makers, upon the well-settled princi-
ples of the construction of statutes, constitutions,
and contiacts, thai the whoh;contract,statute,or
law must be taken into consideration to arrive at
its whole scope and meaning. Can any man in
his sober senses pretend that it was theintention
of the Constitution toautlumze two thirds of this
House to abridge the fieedom of speech by ex-
pelling a member for the exercise thereof, and
thereby not only abridge but entirely destroy that
right, and at the same time expressly prohibit
the Congress, including both Houses and all the
membejs in both branches, and not merely two
thirds, from passing any law abridging the free-
dom of speech or the pre^s ? What was the object
of that article which declares that Congress shall
make no law abndgmg the fieedom of speech or
of the piessr " Was it that the people m their
usual industnal avocations should have the right
of free speech guarded and moie strongly upheld
than their Representatives in the Congress of the
United States?" Did the frame is of the organic
law intend to guaranty to the common diunkard,
murdenr, or thief, in the prison or bar-room,
righ ts of free speech that munibei s of Congress in
the sessions of the Houses could not be permitted
to exercise? Vet such is the case if two thirds of
the members of one House can oxpel a member
Tor words spoken in debate in n calm, solemn,
and decorous manner. 2sTo man in this House
will pretend that it is treasonable or unlawful in
the sense of the Constitution for a person in the
newspapei or in a public speech outside of Con-
gress to argue that tin re is no power in the Con-
stitution to coo ice a State, and that, in his opin-
ion, the best interests of his country demand that
secession shall be acquiesced in. Why is it not
unlawful ? Because the Constitution declares (hat
Congress shall make no Saw abridging the free-
dom of speech or of the press. Yet this course
of the paity in power would not allow a Repre-
sentative o( the people who was sent here by his
constituents to represent tin ir views, and al-
though he was petitioned and instructed by every
voter in his distuct to advocate upon the floor of
Congi ess their views, which were that they be-
lievf d the best interests of their Government de-
manded that the southern confederacy should be
recognized and the Government acquiesce m se-
