2596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31
I understood the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Davis] to state the other day, when
this question was up, that he too was in favorof
the repeal of the fishing bounties, and I will do
him the honor to say that on that as on ail occa-
sions he was entirely frank. I understood him
xo say that as a matter of principle he was in favor
of the fishing bounties and always had been; that
he recognized in that policy a sound policy; he
recognized in it the wisdom of the founders of
the Government who instituted the policy. He
did not understand that it was against the Con-
stitution; he did not understand that it was against
a wise and sound political economy, even. He
thought it judicious, prudent, wise, just. He
knows enough of the history of the country to
know that the fisheries from the foundation of the
Government down to the present time have been
an American interest to be cherished as a great
industry, to be cherished, moreover, ps a national
necessity, as a necessity to yournaval power and
your commercial marine; and therefore, in the
spirit of wise statesmanship, the honorable Sena-
tor told theSenate that he had always been in favor
of this policy. I am sorry to say that he notifies
the Senate now of his purpose to vote for the re-
peal. Why? On the ground ofpublic necessity ?
No. On the ground that we cannot afford to pay
the bounties? No. On the ground that now,
when you desire to strengthen your naval power,
when the nations of the earth are frowning upon
you, that you can afford to relax your hold on the
fisheries? No. What then? Why, sir, the hon-
orable Senator says that New England has become
fanatical on the subject of the negro, and there-
fore, for that reason, he will repeal the fishing
bounties! With all the respect i feel for the hon-
orable Senator, lie must allow me to say that I
think he could have assigned a great dual better
motive for what he proposes to do than that.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the honorable Senator by
what right ho presumes to discuss my motives.
Mr. MORllILL. I suppose, with great re-
spect to the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
that whenever he choose# on a measure lo assign
his motives, they are common .stock.
Mr. DAVIS. The honorable Senator has only
assigned one of the motives which 1 gave for my
vote, i said distinctly in the speech that 1 made
that those bounties were allowed in the infancy
of our marine, and that then there was a necessity
for them; but that our marine, both commercial
and military, had now grown to such a degree
that there was no longer any necessity for that
fostering legislation.
Mr. MORRILL, I wtll venture to say, al-
though 1 know my honoiablo fueml would not
say anything on this .subject that he did not sup-
pose he had said on the occasion referred to, yet
if he will turn to the report of his remarks lie will
find no such thing. But if he thinks he did, if he
asserts it here 
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask the honorable Senator 
Mr. MORRILL. I think the honorable Sena-
tor had butler allow me to go on.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask the Senator if he wishes
to make a question of veracity with me here on
the Senate floor?
Mr. M0RR1 LL. I do not particularly, unless
the honorable Senator chooses to laise it himself.
Mr. DAVIS, I am disposed to meet any that
the honorable Senator may rui.se. I will inquire
of him whether he wants to raise a question of
veracity here with mo or not?
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President, have I the
floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. The
Senator from Maine is entitled to the lloor.
Mr. MORRILL. I was saying that 1 was sorry
the honorable Senator assigned for the vote he
proposes to give on this subject the reason or the
motive which he did assign. 1 think a better one
could have been assigned. I take no especial
pleasure m alluding to it, but it becomes neces-
sary in the conaideiation of this question. I do
not intend that a stab shall be made at New Eng-
land, whether the motives are assigned or not,
and especially if they are assigned i do not intend
that the action of the Senate shall be influenced ,
by them until they have been properly noticed, j
if it were possible to suppose that it could be so !
influenced. Why, sir, it is not two years since i
th81 honorable Senator seemed quite in love with \
New England, quite enamored of her character, i
He spoke of it in terms of eulogy which would
be hardly fitting for me, perhaps, to repeat; which
would be considered fulsome. He was enamored
with the lofty elements of her character, her mar-
velous industry, her matchless commerce, her
distinguished love of letters and science and the
arts. But all at once "a change comes o'er the
spirit of his dream," and you find him, with his
greatresearch and his wonderful capacity,search-
ing in the dark chambers of herhistory and drag-
ging out to light whatever is exceptional in her
history, as if he had not lived long enough to know
that no individual or national character is with-
out its imperfections, just as the sun in its mid-
day glories has its spots, but which in nowise
whatever touch the honor or the glory of the nation.
Day after day has that Senator stood here to ar-
raign Now England and to bring forward from
the recesses of the dark chambers of her history
whatever could tell against her. I will not char-
acterize the measure introduced here by him in
the same direction. I leave him to explain, and
otliei Senators to draw their own inferences, when
he brings in here a measure to put New England
"out in the cold," to divide New England into
two States, denominating them East and West
New England, and then he tells us that he is to
vote against the continuation of this policy of the
Government in regard to this interest.
I have no unkindness in the allusion to the hon-
orable Senator; but inasmuch as when this ques-
tion was up incidentally he took occasion to make
that remark, it seemed necessary in the outset
of this argument that I should look around for
the reasons for this measure, in the absence of
any stated by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky who moved it.
With the Senator from Kentucky on this side
of the Chamber [Mr. Powell] the case is quite
otherwise, I admit. He has no love for New Eng-
land; he never had. If I am to understand him,
ho hates New England; he despises New England
character.
Mr. POWELL. I do not know upon what
ground the Senator from Maine says that I de-
spise New England.
Mr. MORRILL. If the Senator will only be
patient, I will tell him why. I do not mean to
say anything here that I am not piepared to prove.
1 repeat that the honorable Senator has no love
for New England. Those who have paid the
slightest attention to his remarky during the last
two years know that he has lost no opportunity
1 to let the country so understand; and I have not
been an inntlentive observer and listener. In the
speech he had the honor to submit to the Senate
a few days ago, fresh m the recollection of us all,
he expressed himself in terms which leave no
doubt upon the mind of the most incredulous of
the feelings and sentiments thehonoiable Senator
entertains forNew England, as a matter of friend-
ship and in regard to New England character.
Let me read a little from the speech of the honor-
able Senator:
I do riot stand here to denounce our Yankee brethren
of the North''—
1 suppose the "denunciation " would not be quite
parliamentary or decorous in a body like this—
"hut everybody knows that cupidity and love of gain is
their "•strongest eharaeteii>nc }>
The honorable Senator will hardly claim that
he is very much in love with a country whose
chaincteiistics are cupidity and love of gain, or
that he entertains a very high respect for that
country that he will stand in the high court of the
nation and denounce as influenced by such un-
worthy sentiments. He adds:
"That is known the woild over and acknowledged by
themselves"
Mr. Piesident, does the history of the country
—the history of New England—authoi lze this as-
sumption of the Senator? Is there anything in
either or both that authorizes that Senator m the
high court of the nation to so characterize New
England and declare that her ruling characteris-
tic i.s cupidity and love of gain ? Is there any stu-
dent of American history who has so read the
history of New England?
But, sir, these opinions are not new or peculiar
to the honorable Senator from Kentucky. New
England from ihe eailiest dawn of her history
has had—I do not say her truducers, because I
do not intend to apply tiiat epithet to the honoi-
ahle Senator—but there have been those from the
earliest dawn of her history who did not believe
in her. Why, sir, if you go back to the days of
the Pilgrims, the court of Great Britain, the high
Church and the high State party, did not believe
in the Pilgrims. They did not believe in their
pilgrimage across the wateis. They did not be-
lieve in their grand effort to establish civil and re-
ligious liberty on this side of the water. They
believed it" fanatical "altogether. They behoved
them to be fanatics in religion and republicans
in politics." The history of that era is full of it.
Coming down to the time of our Revolution we
find that there were those who held the same
opinion then. There were those then, as there
are now, who were jealous of New England, those
who did not like New England character. If you
look into the Tory papers of that period you will
find them full of just such epithets as are repeated
here, and have been for the last two years in both
branches of Congress, against New England,
against New England fanaticism, against New
England republicanism, and all that.
As the honorable Senator seems to be so ob-
livious to the character of New England, perhaps
1 shall be pardoned by the Senate m refeiring to
a standard authority or two upon this subject for
opinions m conti adistinction to the opinions which
are put foith by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky. I will read some of the good opinions of
New England and of New England character in
the time that was said to try men's souls. Let us
take the opinion of Jefferson, who was supposed
to know something of his country and all parts
of his country, who was supposed to know some*
thing of human liberty and human rights, and
have some just appreciation of them. What did
he say? In 1775, when the great storm of the
Revolution was coming on, speaking of New Eng-
land, and vindicating New England against the
loyalists, he spoke—and the historian says these
people regarded it with amazement that he should
have said it—of" the adventurous genius and in-
trepidity of the New Englanders." In the con-
vention held in South Carolina a short time after-
wards, when those who were opposed to the
Revolution, the loyalists, those adhering to the
party of the king as against the party of the coun-
tiy, denounced New England, and, in the lan-
guage of the historian, an " unhappy jealousy of
New England " broke forth, and a member " in-
sinuated distrust of its people as artful and design-
ing men, altogether pursuing selfish purposes,"
Mr. Gadsden, of South Carolina, said in then-
defense:
" T only wish we would imitate, instead of abusing, them.
I thank God we have such a systematic body ot men, as an
asylum that honest men may rwoit to in the tune ot their
hi.stdit-trej".-, if duven oat of their own States. fc*o fat from
being under any nppiehen^ions, I bless God that theie is
such «i people in America.
Let us look a little further into this subject, par-
ticulaily touching the characteiistics of the New
England people, and learn what the great Amer-
ican hiutonan says m regard to the New England
character, as contradistinguished from the char'
acter given her by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky:
" Lovers of->pccillative truth, sti ugglmg earnestly to-oh e
the problem ol the univetse,in an age ot m.itenah^ts, they
eheufhed habitually a tiim taith in the subjection of nil
eieat'-d things to the mle of divine justice, and then dis-
tinguishing career was one of action; the vigor ol their
will was never paialyzed by doubt; they were cheered hy
confidence m tin* amelioration of the iace, and embraced
in then alL't nuns the world ot mankind. Tins wondeilul
people set the example ot public schools for all then ehii
dren, with u degree of perieeuon which the ancient mother
country yet vainly strives to rival; and in their town <rov-
ernments they revealed the secret of icpubhes. None knew
better than they how to combine the minute discharge of
the evcry-day offices ol' life with kirge and ready and gen-
eion-i sympathies; .sometimes soaiin-z high and tar in the
daring of their enterpnse, and sometimes following with
paudul a-^iduity even the humblest calling lh.it proim-ed
lawlul and homM gam ; but ahv.iys the advocates uf di>-
inteiostod benevolence a& the true eieed ot a nation."
Against this assault of the honorable Senator
upon the character of New England I set tins
opinion of the great American historian, Bancroft.
The honorable Senator, in this connection, said
another thing which I must notice. He spoke
of the loyalty of New England us extremely
questionable. He said:
" Suppose you weie to piopo^e to pa=s an amendmentto
the Con-utuuon laying jour hand on the pioperty intem&td
in New England, L will not &av equal, hut one half equal
to the property interests of the southern States which you
now propose to strike down: does any man believe that
all England would not he m revolution to-rnoiiowr"
