51±
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. STEVENS moved that they be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 83, noes 14.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.'
ARKANSAS CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATION.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. 1 have the credentials of James M. john-
son, from the third congressional district of Ar-
kansas, which I ask may be read and referred to
the Committee of-Elections.
The credentials were read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
credentials be laid upon the table.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to forego
his objection, and to extend the usual courtesy to
this gentleman, to permit his credentials to be re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by unanimous consent. This being a ques-
tion of privilege, can be called up at any time.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his objection, and let the credentials be
referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think that we
might as well decide the question at once, I do
not wish to take up the time of the House, but
this question involves mileage and pay and other
questions, such as we had in the Louisiana case.
Ms. DAWES. The gentleman moves that the
credentials shall be laid upon the table, where
no one can be heard.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Let it rest for the
present.
UNEMPLOYED GENERAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Military Affairs
a joint resolution to drop from the rolls of the
Army unemployed general officers, that it may be
printed and recommitted to the same committee.
Mr. COX. 1 ask my colleague one question.
Has not the President the power to dismiss these
o/Kcors at his own pleasure without any further
legislation by Congress?
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 do not think that he would
feel that he has that right. Whether he has or
not there is no harm in passing this and stimulat-
ing him. 1 do not propose to discuss it now.
Mr. COX. I object, because this is a thrust
at some geneials who have been unjustly unem-
ployed.
1 3 CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the Plouse
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state ofthe Union, (Mr. Dawes in the chair,)
and proceeded to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 36, to amend an act entitled "An act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces, and for
other purposes," approved March 3, 18G3.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] as follows:
Amend by striking out the seventeenth section as fol-
lows:
Set. 17. Jhulbe it further cnactcd, That provost mar-
shals, boaids of enrollment, or any membei thereof acting
by mithoiity of the board, shall have power to summon
v\ ltnessusaml enioiee their attcrfdauee by attachment with-
out previous paymei.t of fee-3 m any case pending before
them, or either of them, and the same wanes* fees and
cost:, shall be allowed as may be allowed m the district
courts of tin- United State?, and they shall have power to
admim&tei oaths and aflumation<>; and any person who
•shall MVf*ar or affirm talselv "before any piovo^t maishul or
board of enrollment, or member thereof acting by author-
ity of the bn;ud, or who shall, before any civil magistrate,
swear or affirm falbelV to any affidavit to be u«ed in any
case pending before any piovostmarshal orboaid of enroll-
ment, shall, upon conviction, be lined not exceeding §500,
and imprisoned nut le<.s than six months noi moie than
twelve months.
And inserting in lieu thereof the eighteenth section as
repoited by the committee, <n> follows:
tiix. lt\ Jlnd be it fwither enacted> That provost mar-
shals, boaids of enrollment, or any member thereof acting
by authomyof the board, shall have power to summon
witnesses, in behalf of the Government, and enforce their
attendance by attachment without previous payment of
lee4? in any case pending before them, or either of them;
and the fees allowed for witnesses attending under sum-
mons shall he five cent<« per milo for mileage, and no other
fees or costs shall be allowed under the provisions of this
section; and they shall have power to administer oaths
and affirmations. And any person who shall willfully and
corruptly swear or affirm falsely before any provost mar-
shal or board of enrollment, or member thereof acting by
authority of the board, or who shall, before any civil magis-
trate, willfully and corruptly swear or affirm falsely to any
affidavit to be used in any case pending before any provost
marshal or board of enrollment, shall, on conviction, be
fined not exceeding $o00, and imprisoned not less than six
months nor more than twelve mouths.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding after the word " attachment," in
the fifth line, the words, " and process shall issue
in behalf of the drafted man to bring in his wit-
nesses." I merely wish to say that I think the
drafted man, if there be a trial, ought to be al-
lowed process to compel the attendance of wit-
nesses. In all criminal cases the commonwealth
always allows the accused process to secure the
attendance of his witnesses, and it is done at the
cost of the commonwealth.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will explain in a very few
words why, after due consideration, this was not
adopted by the Committee on Military Affairs as
n feature of this section, and why I think the com-
mittee were right in their conclusion. The prac-
tice now is for persons claiming exemption on the
ground of age, physical disability, or any other
cause, to produce before the board of enrollment
the certificates of their neighbors, their own affi-
davits,and such other documentary proofs as they
may desire to present. The gentleman now pro-
poses that in addition to that the board of enroll-
ment shall summon and examine such witnesses
as the drafted man may indicate. Now, if wit-
nesses are brought in under summonses they will
get mileage under the provisions of this bill, and
if they are to get mileage what is there to prevent
enormous abuses? The person drafted may sum-
mon all his neighbors, pretending that he wants
their testimony, thus giving them an opportunity
to visit the county seat with the assurance that
their mileage will be paid by the Government.
If this, rule were adopted it would be liable to
great abuses.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN called for tellers on the
amendment to the amendment.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Baldwin of
Massachusetts, and W.J.Allen, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 54.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following words:
That drafted men shall have process to bring in their
witnesses, but without fees or mileage.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that amendment will
not prevail, for the reason that it will lead to a
long array of trials; every man who desires to
escape the draft will ask a postponement and the
summoning of witnesses, and it will drag out the
business indefinitely. Drafted men constantly
bring in their testimony now.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will save the gentleman
trouble. If it is thought that drafted menoughtto
have no chance, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 have thought nothing of
the kind, and have said nothing of the kind.
Drafted men now have aright to bring their wit-
nesses before the boards,and do bring them; but
what we piopose is that they shall not have the
authority of the Government to compel all men
everywhere that they choose to name to come in
as witnesses. I will remark that all kinds of
amendments to this bill which tend to prolong the
timeofdeciding whether a man is properly drafted
or not will simply burden it and destroy its effi-
ciency, and this amendment will have that effect,
although not intended to do so at all.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw his amendment?
Mr. STEVENS. I have withdrawn it already.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman had not
the floor to withdraw it at that time. Does he
withdraw it now?
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; I will take a vote
upon it.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was agreed to—ayes 66,
noes 37.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. I offer the
following amendment to come in at the end ofthe
section;
And when claim is made for the discharge of a person in
any manner In military service, and under theage of liabil-
ity therefor under this act, without the consent thereto of
ins parent or guardian, the hoard of enrollment of his
district shall hear evidence adduced and decide thereon;
and if found entitled to exemption on sueli claim shall dis-
charge such peison and strike his name from the enroll-
ment: Provided, Such person or his patent or guardian
shall first pay back in such manner as shall be directed by
the Provost Marshal General all bounties, general and local,
he may iiav- received for entering such service.
On looking over this provisions of the bill, Mr
Chairman, I do not see that any provision is made
for the cases enumerated in the amendment. Under
the operation of the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus there is no remedy that I can dis-
cover in cases of minority. There are undoubt-
edly cases where minors enter the service for the
purpose of defrauding the Government, of receiv-
ing local and general bounties, and then claim to be
discharged from the service on the ground of their
minority. My amendment guards against that
by requiring that where the discharge of a minor
is claimed, and where the claim is authenticated
by evidence, he shall first pay back all the boun-
ties, local and general, that he has received, in
such a manner as may be approved by the Pro-
vost Marshal General. I have even thought that
clothing also should be reimbursed; but it seemed
to me that that would extend the difficulty too far; ■
although I should be willing that that be made a
condition also.
I consider that it is our bounden duty here to
provide some remedy for cases of this kind. I
suppose there are cases within the knowledge of
every member on this floor where exemptions are
claimed for minors who have been wheedled into
the service; but inasmuch as there is no tribunal
established by which their cases can be adjudged,
they are cut off. It seems to be ourduty to sup-
ply this defect. I ask, therefore, thatmy amend-
ment be considered, and if it meet the approba-
tion of the committee that it be incorpoiated in
the bill.
Mr. GANSON. I agree with my colleague
[Mr. Kellogg] that there should be some remedy
in the cases of minors who are in the service with-
out the consent of their parents and guardians. _ I
agree with him, also, that if they are to be dis-
charged they should return, as a condition prece-
dent to the right of discharge, whatever bounties
they have received. I am happy to state that I
had drawn a section, which I proposed to offer,
restoring the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus
to all cases relating to an alleged minor who has
been, or may hereafter be, enrolled or drafted into
the Army. I proposed to modify the first section
of the act of 1863 which authorizes the suspen-
sion of the privilege of that writ so as to allow the
writ to issue in the cases referred to. I do not
myself think it best for us to confer on these local
boards the power of examining into these cases,
but that we ought to extend to them the privilege
of the writ of habeas corpus.
In my section of country—I do not know how
it is elsewhere—the judges have uniformly in
the cases of minors made it a condition prece-
dent that the minor whose discharge is claimed
shall restore any bounty he may have received.
Of course he should do that under all circum-
stances. I should prefer to the amendment pro-
posed by my colleague the adoption of the section
which I have drawn.
In my judgment there is no well-grounded ap-
prehension that if the privilege of the writ be re-
stored it will be abused. In the northern district
of New York, comprising two and a quarter mil-
lions of people, there were applied for, in the
United States district court within the twelve
months preceding the suspension of this writ,
only twelve writs. Four orfiveof them resulted
in the discharge of the parties. I have therefore
never been able to see the necessity for the sus-
pension of this privilege, at least in that section
of country; and I think there should be no objec-
tion to restoring the privilege to children. 1 do
not see how the Republic can suffer by it. That
does not come within the class of cases referred
to by the gentleman from Illinois the other day,
who was speaking of arbitrary arrests. I desire
to serve notice on the other side of the House that
in this proposition I am not actuated by any po-
litical motive at all. I am only actuated by what
I deem to be right and proper. I think that the
proper tribunals to examine these cases are the
judicial tribunals established by the laws of the
land, and that it is neither necessary nor proper
