1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14,
-cession, to express their views in the councils of
the nation, which they are guarantied in express-
ing in the press or public speech,thereby leaving
those people who sent a member here to represent
them without any representation of their views
in the legislation of the country.
If it is treasonable or unlawful now to advocate
such doctrine it will be equally so in the future,
though the war should continue ten or twenty
years longer. If four fifths or all of the States in
the Union should, in one year hence, instruct and
.petition their Representatives in Congress to ad-
vocate secession, and a member in the Senate
should in a speech advocate that doctrine, and the
Senate should be,, as it is now, largely abolition,
according to the precedent which some in this
House would establish that mem would necessa-
rily be expelled forgiving aid and comfort to the
enemy. It wilt not do for lawyers like Mr. Davis,
of Maryland, to attempt to argue, as he has, the
tight to expel a man for debate like this upon con-
stitutional grounds; and I would advise those who
advocate this power to no longer claim it as con-
stitutional, but exercised under their war power.
What is the object of that portion of the Consti-
tution which says that " for any speech or debate
in either House they shall not be questioned m
any other place?" Docs it mean that although
their constituents, when they go homo to answer
for their course in Congress, shall not question
them for any speech or debate in either House,
it at the same time allows the members of other
States to expel,a member for that same speech or
debate for which his constituents could not ques-
tion him, although his debate or speech may have
represented the views of nine tenths of his con-
stituents ? Yet such would be the result of the con-
struction given to the organic law by the learned
gentlemen upon the other side. The Constitution,
under the construction of the gentlemen upon the
other side, would be entirely inconsistent, one
part being entirely in conflict with the other, and
showing our fathers who formed the instrument*
to have so drawn it as to destroy the whole object
and intent of the law upon the question of speech
and press. If this doctrine of the othei side of
the House is to be the true construction then the
people can never, under this Constitution, utter
their sentiments through then* Representatives in
this Hall unless they are in the majority. The
Constitution says that no law shall be passed
abridging the freedom of speech; and to show that
they intended that that freedom should not only
not be prohibited but that it should not be even
abridged, I will give from Worcester's Dictionary
the definition of that word:
"Abridge—-to make shorter in words, stilt keeping tlic
substance; to epitomize; to curtail; to roducc; 10 con-
tract} to dimmish."
The expulsion of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio would not simply abridge the freedom of
speech, but would deprive him entirely from ut-
tering here one single word. 1 will not insult the
House and the country further with argument
upon so clear a case against the expulsion; but it
is proposed in case of a failure of expulsion to
punish him by a censure. There is no more au-
thority in this House to censure for this debate
than to expel, because to censure would, within
the meaning of the Constitution, abridge the free-
dom of speech*, and to prevent even the censuring
of a member for freedom of speech, the frames
of the Constitution used the word "abridging"
instead of the word ,fprohibiting." It is said*
upon the other side that, the ground taken by the
gentleman from Ohio is treasonable, because, as
they say in the resolution, it gives aid and com-
fort to the enemy. But the Constitution declares
that " treason against theUmtcd States shall con-
wist only in levying war against them or in ad-
- heriiiff to theirenemies,giving them aid and com-
fort;" that " no person shall be convicted of
treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses
to the same overt act;" and to constitute treason
or reasonable language the party must not only
give the enemies aid and comfort, but must ad-
here to them and commit an overt act. And it is
so well settled in the law books that mere words
utteied in debate cannot constitute treason that I
wili not detain the House longer upon that part
of the case; in fact it is not seriously pretended
that the words are treasonable. Treason in Eng-
land is an offense partieulaily dnected against the
.person of the aoveri tgn,and consists in compass-
ing the death of the king or queen or their eldest
son and heir; in violating the king's wife or eldest
daughter unmarried, or the wife of the heir ap-
parent; in levying war against the king in his
realm; in assisting the king's enemies in the realm
or elsewhere; in counterfeiting the king's privy
seal; in filing, clipping,'or counterfeiting the
king's money, or having coining tools in posses-
sion, or importing false coin from abroad; and in
slaying the Chancellor or other high judicial
magistrates.
, These are the differentkinds of treason defined
by the law of England. Yet, since the time of
Edward I, when he sent his file of soldiers into the
British Parliament and arrested the five members
for their outspoken principles of liberty, not a
single individual has been attempted to be ex-
pelled from, or censured by, the British Parlia-
ment for the exercise of free speech, although in
the war between Great Britain and the Ametican
colonies members rose in their seats in Parliament
and declared the war upon the part of Great
Britain to be accursed, wicked, barbarous, and
diabolical. I quote, fiom Mahon's History of
England, volume seven, page 135, the languageof
the younger Pitt in favor of Fox's motion for a
committee on the American warin the year 1781.
I now read what he said:
" For my part, T am persuaded and will affirm, that it is
a most accursed, wicked, barbarous, cruel, unnatural, un-
just, and diabolical w.ir. It was conceived in injustice;
it was minuted aiul brought forth in folly; its footsteps
were maiked with blood, slaughter, persecution, devasta-
tion."
1 quote also the language of Lord Chatham,as
expressed by htm in the British Parliament in
1777 upon the war with Great Britain and the
American colonics;
" I s-ay again this country has been the aggiescoi, You
have made'depcrnN upon theireousts ; yon Live burnt their
towns, plundered thru eountiy, made war upon the inhab-
itants, consented their pioperty, pro?-oribed and nnptis.
oned then person?.. t do theteioio atfiim. my lotd*, mat
instead ol exaetnm unconditional snhnu ioit tiom tlx-col-
onies, we should /runif them unconditional itfdies*. We
have injined them; we have «Mule.ivoied to eiMave nod
oppress them." * * * * * * *
,f As to conquest, therefore, my lords f repeat, ft is im-
possible. Y on may swell every expense and eveiyetVoit, si ill
more exli.ivaganth —pile ami accumulate every assist,uir'e'
you can buy or bonow; traffic and baiter with eveiy little
pitiful German pnnec that sells lusMibjoetMothc shambles
of a foreign prince; your efiuit-, aie foievor va.nand iinpo-
tcnt—doubly so from thi< nvi ci%nnry :ud on winch you  eiy;
for It mitates, to an incurable icsenttnent, the mind- ol
youi enemies—toovcriuu them with the metcenaiy M m
of rapine and plunder; devotinythom and ilieirpo-- esMons
to the lopacityof huelma: eiueify ! il I wen-an Auiencan,
as f am an Englishman, while a foreign tioop wa-i land* (I
la my country, I never would lay down my anus—ttevei —
nevei—never."'—Ckutkarnes l>ije, vol. 3, pp. ].">8, 160, 107.
Now, 1 ask you upon the other side of the
House whether you are willing to say by your
votes that in America, which has been said to be
the "land of the free and the home of (he brave,"
you wiil deprive an American Representative in
Congress of that liberty of free speech which is
allowed and guarantied to an Englishman by the
monarchical Power of England ? Has my friend
from Ohio stood in his place and declared that
this is a most accursed, wicked, barbarous, cruel,
unnatiual, unjust,and diabolical war, as did Pitt
in the Parliament of England, in the rebellion of
the American colonies against our mother coun-
try ? No, sir,asa freeman, a son of Ohio, and an
American citizen,he proclaimed hisviewsin con-
formity to what he believes to be constitutional
liberty, for which the fathers of the Revolution
fought a bloody seven years* war.
Will any man pietend that when Pitt stood up
in the Parliament of England and uttered such
language, that in this country, which was free
before this party came into power and despotism
ruled, the Representative of a free constituency
has not the right to advocate such doctrines as
he believes will better secure the blessings of lib-
erty to ourselves and our posterity? We intend
to have our liberty, although it may afford us no
wider a home than the grave !
I claim that under the Constitution no man can
be expelled or censured for the expression of opin-
ions in a free debate like this upon a great national
question, which we all may have to meet in the
same language in which it has been met by the
learned gentleman from Ohio, This doctrine of
the honorable gentleman is no new doctrine; we
have the precedents of the abolition miscegenation
and amalgamation party jn Congress to sustain
him unon the light to advocate dissolution or se-
cession, as well by their voting upon the question
as by a resolution offer'ed by one of their apostles.
I refer to the resolution offered in the House of
Representatives on the 11th day of February,
1861, after several of the States had seceded, by
Mr. Craige, of North Carolina,and upon his mo-
tion referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
while the honorable Speaker [Mr. Colfax] was
a member, and in his seat:
"Whereas the States of South Carolina, Florida, Ala-
bama, Georgia, Mississippi, and Louisiana have seceded
fiom the Confederacy ot the United Slates, and have estab-
lished a government under ihc name of u the Coniederaey
of the United States Southand whereas it is desirable
| that the mo*t amicable iclations should exist between the
! two Governments, and war should be avoided as the gieat-
I e.-t calamity winch can befall them—
licsolctil hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jbnaicain Congress assembled, That
the Fiesident ot the United States be, and is lieieby, tecjuirod
to acknowledge the independence of said goveimiu'ut as
soon as he i- intoimed officially of its establishment; and
that he" receive tueh envoy. emha?sador, or commissioner
as may or shall be appointed'by said government foi the put-
poso ot amicably adjusting thu matU'rs in depute with s*aid
government."—Congressional Globe, Tlwty-Sixtk Con-
gress, sccoiul session, page t>54.
1 also refer to the icsolution offered by Hon. Mr,
Conway, of Kansas, on the 27th January, 1863,
in the House of Representatives, upon which the
honorable Speaker's vote is recorded, and twenty-
one months after the war had commenced:
w Resolvedby the Semite and House of Iiejtresentativcs, tyc.f
That th" Executive be, and he is hereby, requested to issue
a general oidei to all commanders of forces in the several
militaiy depaitments of the United States to discontinue
t offensive epilations against the enemy, a ul to act for the
| future entirely on the defensive.
1 '* llcsolrfdy That the Executive be, and he is hereby, fur-
! tlier ieque>ted to enter into negotiations with the autliori-
j ties of the confederate States with refeience to aoesi-ation
! of hostilities, based on the following propositions : 1. Ree-
; ognttimi ot the independence of the confederate Stales. 2.
i A inulaim system of duties upon imports. 3. Free trade
I between the two States. 4. Fiee navigation of the Mi-sls-
j vippiuvei. f>. Mutual adoption of the Monroe (locmne.5*—
j Congressional Giolc, Thiity-Scicnth Congress,ihii d session,
| Jlyiicndix. p. G(3.
1 Why did not the honorable Speaker then move
j for the expulsion of Mr. Conway. The reason is
i obvious: Conway was an abolitionist and a dis-
j unionist, while my friend from Ohio is a Dem-
I ocrat. No person offered to expel or censure
| Mr. Conway or Mr. Craige for offering vesolu-
. tions to divide and break up the Union. In Jan-
! uary, 1811, Josiah Q,uim;y, speaking on the qucs-
■ lion of the admission of Louisiana, said:
i If this lull p'ts>,es, it is my deliberate opinion that it i^ vir-
; tnally a dissolution ol tire Union ; that it will 1'iee the States
] from their nioial obligations, and, as it will be the right of
; all, so it will be the duty of some, definitely to pi epure/ora
j separation, amicably if they can, violently if they ihhs£."
' Mr. Poindextcr called Mr. Q.uincy to order,
! and icquested the decision of the Speaker whether
it was consistent with the propriety of debate to
use such language. The Speaker (Mr. Varnum)
decided that the first clause of the sentence was
admissible, but the latter contrary to the order of
debate. Mr. Gtuincy appealed from this decision,
and it was reversed by the House.
The lamented Stephen A. Douglas deehned in
one of his speeches in the Senate that war was
disunion, eternal and final separation, and I be-
lieve that, as cariied on by the party in power,
it is disunion, eternal and final separation, but
that it would and still will lestore the Union if
earned on in pinsuanee of the Crittenden leso-
Itition which passed both liousesofCongressand
was signed by the President. Gentlemen, the
time may come when you on that side of the
House maybe m thenunoiity. Remember that.
c' Time at last sets all thing* even ;
And if we (io hut watch the houi,
Theie never jet was human power
That could evade, it unioigiven,
The patn'nt seaich and v«2il long
Of bun who treaties up a wrong "
I hope to see the Democratic party again in
power, and if they should attempt to stifle free
speech they would receive my most just indig-
nation. I would discountenance them, and be al-
most induced to leave the embrace of such a party
and seek embraces with some other.
Those who would destroy free speech and a
free press are unworthy of the name of ireemen.
Those who would thus destroy the safr^uaids of
liberty—whether they be Democrats, Republic-
ans, or Abolitionists—are not only unworthy of
the name of ireemen, butare despots, sycophants,
and tyrants, i do notjustify the Demociatswlio^
censured Joshua R. Giddthgf*. The Speaker ot
