1864.
THE CON GK ESSIONAL GLOBE.
162i
tins IIousc, who administers its rules so impar-
tially, ceitainly ought not to come here now and
say thr\f this precedent should be followed. He
should not follow a precedent set by a party which
he condemns, which is denounced on that side as
disloyal, traitorous,and rebellious; copperheads.
"We ought to stand by the groat principles of lib-
erty that have been handed down to us from gen-
eration to generation. We arc freemen, and sup-
porters of the right of freedom of speech and
freedom of the press.
The gentlemen upon this side of the House
love their country and its institutions, and would,
ifnecessary, lay down theirlives upon the altar of
patriotism, and I ask the majority on the other
side, in the name ofourancestors, ourcountry, our
lives, our property, our history, and our families,
whether they are going to do an act by which the
Thirty-Eighth Congress will be made everlast-
ingly infamous, and that is to deny a great body
of the people being heard through their Represent-
ative upon this floor? The gentleman from Ohio
came here and expressed the thoughts of his own
soul; his profound and conscientious convictions
on a public question. f give him credit for inde-
pendence and manliness, and while I do not de-
fend the doctrines ho has uttered, I defend him in
the exercise of the great light of free speech.
The abolition paity have established some pre-
cedents dm ing this wai which are dangerous. The
honorable Speaker quoted the case of Hon. C. L.
Vallandigham asa piecedent fortius attempted ex-
ercise of despotic power, I do notogrce with his
doctrines, yet I say his arrest and exile are un-
worthy of the descendants of revoluJ ionnry sires.
He was arrested by men who went to his house
in the dead hour of night, when he whs then* with
his wife andchiidren who were looking up to him
fur pi otection. i say the general and parlies who
caused that arrest, without warrant of law, and
exiled him for his expression of his sentiments,
sti uck a deadly blow at the rights ofthc fiee people
ofxVmeriea. 1 do notenvy them theirglory. These
suppliant tools of despotism arewoi.se than mid-
night assassins. Thedomicjle of no citizen is free
from their polluting presence. God bless the poor
downtrodden exile, his wife andchiidren in their
days of mournin^over the downfall of American
liberty ! These fanatics, despots, and tyrants,
like Burn.side and the sycophants who follow in
Jus trail, willgo down to theirgraves loaded with
the. just indignation of their couriti y men.
Precedents like these are dangerous things.
They will hereafter be cited for authority. He-
member the language of the immortal Daniel
Webster upon the very rights for winch 1 now
contend. He said:
" When tins and the oilier liou^e hliall lose the freedom
ot s-pei'ch nnii debate; when they Mmll ^-uirender the usrht
oi publicly and freely canva^ingall important ineiwue-Tol
the Executive ; when they -.[mil nor he allowed to iiKiinrani
then own auiUnut} and iheirown pi ivilege.-, by vote, dcela-
radon, oi resolution, the\ will ihcii In; no longer tree repre-
sentatives of a fu'O peoplo, hue Maw* themselves, and fit
in&ttumeiit.s to make slaves of others."
Gentlemen, if you expel this man I say that this
is then no longer a country of republican liberty,
but a monarchy, a despotism, and a tyranny,
worse than that of France oi Russia. No king of
England would have dared to exercise such a power
as tiiis. Sir, I do not want it said that there were
a majority of the Repiesentatives of the people it)
this House who would expel a man for danng to
say, m his place here, that rather than have a war
of extermination and subjugation he would go for
a dissolution of the Union. Sir, I would go for
a dissolution of the Union in preference to a war
of extermination. " if that be treason, make the
most of it." It would be an uncivilized warfare,
and would call down upon us the condemnation
ofthe whole Christian and civilized world. What
is a war of exteimination? It is one that extin-
guishes ail the men, women, and children at the
►South. J have looked in the dictionary to see
what the term means. It means to extinguish, to
destroy, to blot out, to put away forever. In the
name of God, has it come to this, that a man is
to be expelled for daring to stand up here in the
American Gongiess and exercise the great con-
stitutional right of free speech? His opinions
are not the opinions of a majority of those whom
I represent, but 1 have no hesitancy in saying that
there are men in the Democratic party who be-
lieve with the late Mr. Douglas, that win is eter-
nal and final separation. I have myself, for the
cou;>e I ha\e puisued upon this floor in standing
up for the country and voting you supplies, been
denounced by some of my own party. Th^s
shows that there are some men in the Democratic
party who aie honestly of opinion that the war
had better be stopped now than that it should be
continued another day as you are prosecuting it,
hoping that a reconstruction of the Union will fol-
low when reason is no longer controlled by pas-
sion, and humanity has its sway.
I am for the Union with slavery as it is; but if
I cannot have it entirely as it was, give it to me
without slavery. The Union is the uppermost
idea in my mind.
I do not honestly believe that the gentlemen
on the other side, when they see what their own
papers say about this case on trial, when reason
resumes its sway, and when piejudice and passion
subside, will be willing to record their votes in
favor of expelling the gentleman from Olno,orof
infringing upon the right of freespcech by brand-
ing the utteier of that speech as an unworthy
member of this House. The gentleman from
Ohio was born as you were born. He is blood of
your blood and flesh of your flesh. He is not a
slave. He is a fr< e Ameiican citizen. He comes
here in the habiliments ofiiis rights. He comes
here in the vigor of his intelligence. He comes
here as the representative of Ohio, the home of
the exile and ofthe patriot who now looks upon
our shores from a foreign land, upon this dying
nation. All thai he asks of you is that you shall
extend to him the same rights that you claim for
youi sel\ es.
Suppose the day comc? when all will see that
then; is no possible salvation for the country by
war, will you not stand up and declare that the
power of the enemy has been too much for our
Government, and that, rather than have the rebels
exterminate us, we had better settle with them on
some terms? I would rather divide the great
iiveis, the piinciples of the Constitution, and
American liberty, and have one spot mi thiscon-
tment for the resting-place of human liberty than
have a Union whete a man is not permitted in
the Congress ofthe United States to express his
sentiments on so grave and important a subject
as this.
Do you not recollect that a few years ago abo-
litionism and disunion wre pleached from the
pulpit and the stump? And although these p reach -
eis were not the disciples of heaven buL of bell,
they were permitted to go around the country and
sow the seeds of disunion; and no law of the
United States except the law of the old tyrant
John Adams has ever attempted to intrench upon
the tight of free speech. Remember that Jesus
Christ, m that divine sermon on the mount, de-
clared, " Blessed are the peacemakeis, for they
shall be called the children of God." You all
know my views upon this war, that I have been
willing and have voted for men and money to ci ush
the rebellion. I am hero for that purpose, and as
there is a God in heaven, I declare here that my
heart beats in rapture at the glorious achievement
of our soldiers, who, I hope, will live to see this
proud fabric of human liberty standing firm and
unmoved, and that when they die it may be in-
scribed upon their tombstones that they died for
the liberty of their country.
I shall now proceed to answer some of the
cowaidiy charges and slanders used in this de-
bate by the othcrside of the House upon Genera!
McClellan, Governor Parker, Governor Seymour,
the Staff; of New Jersey, and the whole Demo-
cratic party, and I shall not spare the assassins
of our loyalty, characters, and party. I would
not be fit to represent the gallant State of New
Jersey did I not denounce her base calumniators.
I give the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Da- :
"vis] credit for his learning and his abilityasa de-
bater. -But he has not made a speech during the
last four weeks m which he has not attacked the
State of New Jersey, that lit! le Slate w hieh at the
last election roiled back the tide of despotism and
tyianny, that little State whose gallant sons have
been so freely laying down their lives upon the
altar of their country, that gallant State whose
citizens are for the Union, " one and inseparable,
now and forever." I ask you, sir, how you can
chaige a man like Go\ei nor Pai k* r vv ith being
disloyal, who has stood by the Government and
shown the purest and noblest patriotism, nnd al-
ways stood by the old landmarks of the Consti-
tution, and by his extraordinary exertions sus-
tained th( Governmental every way in his power?
Geneial McCh d'an is the noblest-hearted pa-
triot that lives. He twice saved this kingdom
and throne of yours from the grasp of the rebels.
He is the most abused man on earth. He is the
great expounder of Christian warfare. He is gov-
erned by humanity and Clnistianity. He was
relieved from command because he would not
countenance despotism, abolition, and tyranny,
and for fear that his saving the nation mightmake
him Piesident to exercise the authority of arser-
vant of the people instead of the authoiity of a
king, monarch, czar, or sultan, as is now exer-
cised by the present incumbent. His whole soul
is bound up in the Union and the liberties of his
country. He loves the soldiers, and his whole
ambition is to share with them the trials and dan-
gets of battle; but his honor, integrity, Christian
character, love of country, and friendship for the
old Union are lepugnant to every sense of des-
potism.
Reputation for loyalty is a tender thing, and
ought no more to be violated than property or
life, and they who attack and blacken it are as
vile offenders as they who rob and steal, and
there is a just God who knows the patriotism of
our human heai ts, who will visit upon the viola-
tors of ourloyalty the iniquities which theyjnsily
deserve. I invite them to stop such bickerings
and sacrifice them upon the altar of true patriot-
ism. A new language must be invented before I
can attempt to express the baseness of such con-
duct; and although the full vials of despotism
have been poured upou many of our heads, and
bastiles, banishments, and ostracism have been
many patriots'doom, yet i challenge the plodding
Israelite, the idiotic Afiican, the downtrodden
Chinese, or the imbecile Tui k, to equal us in tame
submission to the powers that be. I cannot be-
disloyal to my country, because it is that coun-
tiy which hasallowul me to risefiom the roof of
humble parentage and povet ty to the highergradea
of life, and to hold this position which Lcould
hold in none but a free country. To that cradle
and land of my biith, among the mineral hills of
old Sussex, in the noble State of New Jersey,
wheie the roanng of cannon, the gioans of the
dying, and the rattle of musketry have been heard
as an echo of the bravery and valor of her sons
and fathers who have borne arms in the contest
now raging for the defense of liberty, law, and.
order, 1 add to the glory that they have achieved
the aspirations of my heait warm with the love
of my country, and my invocations to Heaven
for its indissoluble union shall be fervent and
unremitting while I continue to breathe and my
heart to beat; and when I die my prayer shall be
for its eternal duiation, prosperity, und freedom.
I stand by the gallant officers and soldieis in the
field. 1 have ust d my utmost eneigies to induce
you upon the othei bide of the House to increase
the pay of the poor soldiei, but nlas ! although I
ottered a bill in this House at the commencement
of this session to increase the pay of soldiers and
non-commissioned officers, giving to privates of
the second class thirty dollars a month, and others
of higher grades pay in propoi lion, no more than
they can get. at home for ordinary labor, and al-
though four long months have elapsed, and the sol-
diers have been compelled to take tlut'.een dollars
a month, payable in shiuplasters worth sixty-five
cents on the dollar, you have not had the man-
hood to even report the bill or any other increas-
ing their pay. You are no friends of the soldiers.
Youaiethe friend so1' the public plunderer, shoddy
contractoi, and fatofuce-holder. If an Army offi-
cer's wile is dying and lie ix compelled to go home
to bury her, you deduct from his pay one half of
his wages. How ridiculous it is for such men to
talk about Ik-ids: the friends of thesoldieis ! You
are the friends of the black blood of the Afiican
race, while we are the ft lends of white soldiers and
ofiieers, white men end white women.
_ One of the honorable gentlemen upon the other
side of the House said in his speech upon this
question that the figure of dying Tecumseh was
m the halls of tin* building. lepre.seutmg the
deatii of the Democratic party. The thought
comes upon me that that figure of dying Tecum-
seh is within this magnificent siiuclure, which
was once the august and beautiful temple, whose
dome of liberty seemed to pierce the very clouds,
within whose marble walls the blessings of law-
