1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
2597
That is aspeculation,perhaps, with which it is
a little difficult to deal; but allow me to ask the
honorable Senator whether New England is not
making sacrifices to-day, whether she'is not pour-
ing out her money and her treasure, and whether
she has not sent her first-bom to this war under
circumstances which show that she has not de-
parted from the old Abrahamic faith, that she
believes in God and liberty to-day? I say to
that honorable Senator that when New England*
is pouring out her treasure and sending her first-
bom down to defend his own State against her
own traitorous children, it does not become him
to stand here and arraign New England, and to
see if by possibility she is not vulnerable at some
point at which he can reach her.
Mr. President, it seemed to be necessary to say
this much, as the honorable Senator did not con-
descend to tell the Senate upon what ground he
proceeded, by way of preface to what I shall have
to say upon the merits of this question.
I oppose the repeal of the fishing bounties upon
the ground that the fisheries are a great national
industry which you cannot afford to cripple,
which you cannot afford to embarrass; but more
especially do 1 oppose it as affecting a great ele-
ment of national strength, which is indispensably
necessary to your naval power, which now by
all the means within your reach you should
strengthen and not cripple. Without such fish-
eries no nation, in modern times at least, has ever
succeeded in her naval or commercial marine.
I trust I need notstand here to argue in the Sen-
ate of the United States in the year 1864 that this
interest is essential to the naval power and the
commercial marine of the nation. I should cer-
tainly not presume to speak upon such a theme
if it had not been for the fact that on my right
hand and certainly on mylefton many occasions
this interest with which we are attempting to deal
was said to be only a local affair, that it only
concerned New England, that it was exclusively
confined to New England, that the nation at large
had no interest whatever in it. Senators tell us,
you may strike it down to-day and the nation
trembles not throughout any department of in-
dustry and any department of commerce or nav-
igation. The iuea is that you may strike it down
with impunity. Is that so? Sir, if it is a local
interest I abandon it this moment. Senators, I
crave your attention on that point. If i do not
demonstrate to you in the argument and upon the
proof that it is national, national in the highest
sense of nationality, so intensely and peculiarly
national that you cannot surrender it unless you
ate willing to suneuder your independence upon
the soas, unless you are willing to surrenderyour
comma e<-'—if I do not prove that, I invite you to
vote against me; but if 1 do, I trust that you will
no:; nay, I tiust, as you hold the good of the
liatsuii, you dare not.
Now, doesany man in this broad land, any man
least acquainted with American history, need to
be told that this interest is national? How shall
we settle the question? The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Powell] says it is local; he has no
doubt about it; he does not want to bestow a sec-
ond thought on the subject; he does not want to
speak of the thing twice; he is ready the moment
he introduces his amendment, without explana-
tion or pioof, to demand the action of the Sen-
ate, upon the ground that this is a local interest,
that nobody is concerned but New England, and
of course he is ready to strike it down. How
shall we settle the question? When questions
are found difficult arid proof is not at hand, there
is always a ready way to settle ail these ques-
tions of a public character, by an appeal to the
intelligence especially of such a body as this; and
that is all that is necessary.
I appeal to your recollections of history. How
have the civilized nations of the earth held this
question ? How have the commercial and naval
and maritime Powers of the earth held this ques-
tion ? What did they say upon the great subject
of the fisheries? Why, sir, the history of Hol-
land will tell you that Amsterdam was said to be
"built on herring-bones," and owes the success
of her naval and commercial power almost wholly
to her fisheries. Look at her history; look at
the declarations of her statesmen and diploma-
tists. They cherished it as a thing essential to
both those interests. Plow is it with England
and Franco? England and France for two hun-
dred years have struggled alternately for the pos-
session of the Newfoundland fisheries. Many
of the wars between those two countries have
grown out of their struggle for those fisheries,
is any Senator here so ignorant of the history of
those two countries, of their naval power and
their commercial supremacy, as not to know that
both these Powers attribute their success mainly
to the fisheries ?
Sir, I maintain the proposition that these fish-
eries are of prime necessity to the naval power of
the nation and its commercial marine. The Navy
is always recruited from the fisheries. That has
been so for one hundred and fifty years with
every maritime and naval Power on the globe, and
it is so to-day. Each of these naval Powers has
during all that time and does to-day precisely
what this Government has done from the start and
is doing to-day; that is, they encourage and stim-
ulate and foster the fishing interest by bounties, to
the end thatoutof it they may sustain their naval
power and their commercial marine. They hold
the fisheries to be "a nursery for seamen." With-
out seamen educated, " born upon the sea," you
can have no efficient navy. That is the general
judgmentof the commercial and naval Powers of
the earth in regard to this great subject.
You get some idea of the estimated importance
of the fisheries and of the deeds of daring and en-
terprise of those engaged in them in the famous
speech of Mr. Burke on American affairs, in 1774.
He said:
" As to the wealth which the colonies have drawn from :
the sea by their fisheries, you hod nil that matter fully
opened at vour bar. You MiiUy thought these acquisitions
of value, for iliey seemed to excite yoiu envy ; and yt the
fcpiri t by which that outfi pri-^inix cmploymeitt ha& been ex-
eieised o'i ht ratlu-r, m my opinion, to have raised esteem
ami atfmnation. And piav, Mr, what m the woiid is equal
to it? Pass !>> the other parts, and took at the manner m
which the people of New England cairy on the whale-fish-
ery. While we folluw them among the trembling mount-
nm< of ice, and behold them penetrating into the deepest
frozen recesses of Hudson's bay and Davis straits ; while
we are looking tor them beneath the Aieuc circle, we hear
that they have pieiced into the opposite region of polar
eold that they are at the antipodes and engaged under the
iiozen serpent of the South. Falkland Island, which
seemed too remote and too lomantican object lbi the grasp
of national ambition, i-. hut a sia^e and resting place for
their vietonous industry. Nor is the equinoctial heat moie
dis-couiaging to them than the accumulated winter ofboth
poles. YVe leai n that whilo some of them draw the line or
flick the iiaipoon on the coast of Atuca, others run the
longitude and pui^ue their gigantic game alonjr the coast of
ftiazii. No >ea hut what is vexed with their fKheuen; no
climat'* that is not witness of their toils. Neither the per-
severance of Holland, nor the activity of France, nor the
dexteious and fiim sagacity ot liugli-h en ten pi l-e, ever car-
ried tbn-. most penlou-v mode of hnidy industry to the ex-
tent to which it has been puisued bj this recent people; a
people who arc still m the gristle, and not hardened into
manhood."
Just in accordance with this general-judgment
of the civilized nations of the earth is the judg-
ment of this nation. Let us look at it. W« are
now m the midst of a civil war calling for the
exercise of all our resources, and placing our
destiny in peril; apprehensive of danger from
abroad, we are doing whatever seems wise and
practicable to strengthen the naval power of the
Government. We would like to call into our
service every skilled man upon the sea; and now
at this moment, when from menaces abroad you
are obliged to look into the future and see that
this great arm of the nation must be strength-
ened to its utmost capacity and utmost tension, the
honorable Senator from Kentucky comes in with
this proposition as if it were an ordinary affair, as
if nobody had any interest in this subject but New
England, about whom nobody cares, and assumes
that you can afford to strike down this long-cher-
ished interest. Where do you get your sailors
from? From Kentucky? Are you to go to the
tobacco plantations of Kentucky to get the sail-
ors to man your ships of war? Is that the expe-
rience of the world ? No, the experience of the
world is that practiced seamen, men born upon
the waves, are the men required. They are the
men who have carried your banner triumphantly
and gloriously through all the wars m which
this country has been engaged, and upon them
you must rely m the future, if you intend that
in the future the renown of the country shall be
what it has been in the past.
What is the history of this subject, so far as
our own Government is concerned? 1 haveshown
you the estimate that the naval and commercial
Powers of the globe place upon it. 1 have shown
you that they cherish and sustain and stand by
it as the right arm of the Navy. They say,
you have a Navy and commerce you must sus-
tain it; and how? You must have " nurseries"
for your sailors; and therefore, as the fishing
business is a small business, generally a losing
business, always a precarious business, it must
be encouraged; for the experience is that unless
it is encouraged it declined; and hence the policy
of all modern nations upon that subject. What
has been our own history ? One would think we
had no history on this subject; one would thinJte
from the readiness with which the Senator from
Kentucky undertakes to overthrow the bounties
that they have always been a stigma. I cannot
but leflect that a man whose name I will not take
upon my lips at this moment, for the last ten
years he Was permitted to linger about this Cap*
itol, before he went off to make piratical warfare
upon the sea on the commerce of the nation, made
a systematic effort here in this Senate to do pre-
cisely what the Senator has now undertaken to do
since his ptedecessor has gone and left the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky thought
it extremely indecorous—I do not know that that
is the phrase—but exceedingly out of place that
he had not been able to get a favorable report from
the Committee on Commerce on his proposition
to repeal these fishing bounties. He thought the
Committee on Commerce had nothingelse to do but
consider this question, and if they had they ought
to have nothing else to do than consider it. He
seemed to think that the Committee on Com-
merce should address itself to this subject at once
and persistently until they had brought in a bill
for the repeal of these fishing bounties; and he
made it « matter of complaint. I say to that hon-
orable Senator that the person to whom I refer
persistently pursued this same question for ten
consecutive years, while his party was in power,
and had the responsibility of administering this
Government, and had the commerce and the Navy
of the nation in charge, and they did not dare lay
their fingers on it; not one of them; they could
not do it. But that Senator, now that he is in a
minority, arraigns this body for not doing it the
first forty-eight hours after it is his pleasure to
see the thing donev
Now, sir, let me read a little of the history of
this country on the subject, not for the enlighten-
mentof anybody except the Senator, butbecause
it seems necessary,asitis so often assumed here,
whenever this question comes up, that it is simply
a local affair which nobody cares anything about
except New Englan^, and nobody has any in-
terest in it except New England, it seems to be
the idea that somehow in some evil moment New
England got possession of the Congress of the
country, and got this policy inaugurated. What
is the fact? Why, sir, during the revolutionary
struggle the " fisheries" were considered a matter
of great moment. As soon as the Government
was organized under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Staffs this question came up. What is our
legislative history on this subject? I read from
a document submitted to the Treasury Depart-
ment in 1852:
" Whoever examines the records of Congress will find
that between February and August, 1779, the various qucs-
tions*conneeted with the fisheriesweiemattersofthemost
earnest and continued debates3 and of the most anxious
solicitude."
Wherefore? Who were anxious? New Eng-
land. Anybody else? Yes, sir; the nation at
large. No statesman of that day was so narrow-
minded as not to comprehend their importance;
no statesman of that day who did not consider the
fisheries an American interest; an interest iden-
tified with the nation and the nation's prosperity;
an interest essential to the naval power of the
country and to its commercial importance. All
the history of that time shows that both m Con-
gress, in the Cabinet and out of it, and by the na-
tion at large, the possession and encouragement
of the fisheries was a question of the first moment
and the first importance. Let me read another
extract from the document:
44 During the discussions upon a proposition to open a
negotiation lor peace, Mr. Geriy munduced the following
resolutions: firft: 'That it is essential to the welfare of
these United States that the inhabitants thereof, at the ex-
piration of the war. should continue to enjo\ the free and
undisturbed exeiet?« of their common right to iUh on the
banks of Newfoundland.'"
Washington, in 1790, in his speech to Congress,
rematked that:
"Our tvdicneb and uansportation of our pioducft oflerus
