1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
for us to create any other local tribunal to exam-
ine them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Kellogg] accept the substitute
of his colleague?
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. I do not. I
desire to state to the committee that, on consulta-
tion with the Provost Marshal General, he in-
formed me that some provision of this kind should
be incorporated in this bill, or beenacted by Con-
gress in some shape or form.
The question was taken on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recunedonMr. Schenck's amend-
ment, t# substitute the eighteenth section of the
House bill for the seventeenth section of the Sen-
ate bill, and it was adopted.
The Clerk read the nineteenth section, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further enacted, That members of le-
hgious denominations, who shall by oath or affirmation
declare that thoy are conscientiously opposed to the bearing
ot arms, and vvho arc prohibited fiom doing so by the uiits
and aiticles of faith and practice ot said religious denomi-
nation, fehall, when diafted into the military seiviee, becon-
sidciod non-combatants*, and shall be assigned by the See-
rotary of War to duty m the hospitals, or to the care of
freedmen, or shall pay the sum of $400 to such person as
the Scerctary ot' War shall designate to receive it, to be ap-
plied to the benefit of the sick and wounded sokheis; and
such persons shall then be exempted from draft during the
time for which they shall have been dratted.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, in order to make
this section harmonize with the previous amend-
ments, to sttike out " four" and insert " three,"
so that the commutation shall be $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to strike out these
words:
Or shall pay the sum of $300 to such person as the Sec-
retary of Wai shall designate torcccive it, to be applied to
the benefit of the sick and wounded soldiers ; and such
drafted poisons shall then be exempted fiom draft during
the time for which they shall have been drafted.
Mr. Chairman, I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to say that they are dis-
posed to incorporate into any general substitute
for the Senate bill as much of this section as will
be left by my amendment. The remaining poi-
tion of the section simply treats of commutation
money, and provides for the application of it to
a special fund. So far as that is concerned these
persons will have the same prejudice to this that
they have had previously. I propose to strike
out the provision for the special application of
this fund. I tlnnk that it would be improper; that
it would be inconvenient. I believe that it would
be a bad precedent to undertake to direct that the
commutation money paid by these men shall be
diverted from the general uses of the fund to pro-
cure substitutes and to create a special fund, even
though for as benevolent an object as that indi-
cated. I think that all commutations should go
into the same general fund and be used in the same
general way. Much unnecessary incomenirnce
and expense would result from breaking that fund
into parts.
Mr. STEVENS. I oppose the amendment.
The whole question involved in this section is
covered by the amendment of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs. We all know
what are the conscientious scruples of the Society
of Friends. "While they arc loyal men, it isagainst
their religious belief that they shall either them-
selves bear arms or pay money to procure others
to bear arms to destroy their fellow-men. They
will not object if the fund can be appropriated to
anything but actual slaughter. They do not ob-
ject to furnish their portion of the money neces-
sary to carry on the war, and to bear the general
expenses of the Government. If you mix it with
the general fund, whether theirscruplcs are sens-
ible or not, they exist; and to put their commu-
tation money into the general fund to procuie
substitutes to bear aims against their fellow-men
is against their religious belief—one winch they
honestly entertain,and rather than sacrifice which
they would suffer any punishment.
We all know that the amount to be paid by
these men would not amount to one tenth of what
is the expense of the hospital scrvice to which
this commutation money is to be applied. There
is no difficulty in paying i-t for that purpose; and
we thereby relieve the conscientious and religious
scruples of a worthy class of men who, while they
are willing to pay it, ask that they shall not be
drawn into any violation of the faith in which they
have been raised, and to which they honestly ad-
here. I do not think it right to coerce the con-
sciences of any class of men because their religious
belief is not such tis meets with the approval of
our judgment. I think that the only true sect is the
old Hardshell Baptists. There are those who think
otherwise. So far as it is a religious question, T
consider myself bound by the Constitution and
policy not to violate their religious belief. While
we compel them to pay commutation money, we
ought not to make them pay it for any"purpose
inconsistent with their religion or oppressive upon
their conscienccs. I trust, therefore, that the
House will see the propriety of retaining what is
proposed to be stricken out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the last word and insert the words "upon that
quota.'' I think that we ought not to make a
distinction between this class of persons and other
classes as to the length of time for which they
shall be exempted on payment of commutation.
Mr. STEVENS. I would say to the gentle-
man from Illinois that we have already amended
the fourth section of the bill, and this section as it
stands is right. If the proposed amendment is
adopted it will be contradictory to the fourth sec-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not so under-
stand it. The amendment to the fourth section
was that a person under certain circumstances
should be exempt from draft on that particular
quota. The language of this section is that he
shall be exempt during the time for which he shall
have been diafted. The roll may be exhausted
long befoie the expiration of the three yeais. It
may be exhausted in one year, or in two years.
At all events, if strikes me that the committee
ought not to make afurtherdistinction in favor of
that class who may, by oath, declare that they
are conscientiously opposed to bearing arms. We
all know how easy it is for men to take such an
oath. We had an amendment proposed the other
day by a gentleman fiom New York exempting
<ill pci&ons who would swear that they weie con-
scientiously opposed to bearing arms in this war.
Many men, when drafted, will not scruple to
swear that they are conscientiously opposed to
beaiing arms when they have no religious belief
about it, and when they do not belong to any
chuich.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEMINGr. The committee, in drafting
their amendment, proceeded upon the ground
that every citizen in time of war owes military
seiviee to the Government, unless he pays a cer-
tain sum in lieu of such service, or unless he fur-
nishes a substitute. They weie urged by a great
many gentlemen to adoptahroader principle, that
every citizen in time of war owed military ser-
vice, thus summauly iejecting both commutation
and substitution as an exemption for personal
service.
But nftei reading a great multitude of letters,
after examining the reports from different provost
marshals in the office of the Provost Maishal
General, and after having examined the conscrip-
tion law of England, of France, and of Prussia,
they determined to adopt the narrower principle,
and, in order to carry out that rigidly, they were
opposed to making conscientious scruples a
ground for exemption.
The committee had before them most volumin-
ous petitions from all paits of the country; from
clergymen whose consciences tell them that then-
office is too holy to engage in a contest which the
nation is waging for its life and for its honor; from
Evangelical Lutherans, whose consciences tell
them there is no national emergency which calls
their pastors to the war; from (Quakers and
Friends, whose consciences tell them that if their
right chcek is smitten they shall turn their left to
the smiter also; from the Society of Ebenezer, who
claim special inspiration, and whose consciences
tell them they must use no deadly weapon against
a human being; and from the elders of the Anama
society supporting the Ebenezer elders.
The committee found that in addition to those
before them by petition there was a vast crowd
ready to rush in for exemption if the door was
once opened, and the principle once admitted that
conscientious scruples is aground of exemption.
There are the Dunkers, the Shakers, and the Mo-
ravians, all holding principles in common with?
the Q,uakers. There are also the Meniionites,
whose conscience tells them to take no oath, to
do no violence to any man, to take patiently the.
spoiling of their goods, to pray for their ene-
mies, and to feed and refresh them when hungry
or thirsty. We also had petitions from the Rog-
erenes, whose consciences tell them to obey no
human law; and last, but not least, we had an ap-
plication from the peace Democrats to be relieved
from service upon the ground of being conscien-
tiously opposed to the war. [Laughter.]'
It was thoughtsuch a vast door would be opened
by admitting conscientious scruples as a ground
of exemption that the committee were in favor
of rejecting it entirely. From the best informa-
tion we could get there are now five hundred thou-
sand non-resistants in the country; and if this
principle is once adopted there will be an active
revival among all the non-resistants soon, and
their ranks will be suddenly and fully recruited,
at least. It was in view of the immense number
that might claim conscientious scroplesas aground
of exemption, either truly or falsely, that induced
the committee to oppose exemption from con-
scientious scruples altogether.
Mr.STEVENS. I do notunderstand that this
bill grants exemption to any conscientious men,
nor does any proposed amendment do it.
Mr.DEMING. The clause now under con-
sideration certainly grants exemption from con-,
scientious scruples. Itexempts from field duty, at
least; and it was upon the grounds I have avowed
that the committee determined not to provide in
their amendment any exemption whatever from
conscientious scruples. But upon consultation
with membcis upon this floor, particularly mem-
bers representing non-resistant constituencies, we
found that there is an earnest wish, sofar as their
respective districts are concerned, that some
amendmentof this kind should be introduced into
the bill.
Well, now, if we are to legislate for gentlemen's
particular constituents, instead of looking ovei
the whole field and legislating for the country at
huge, there will be wisdom in introducing the sec-
tion which is in the Senate bill, to wit, section
nineteen. But if you wish that those men who
either feign or really have conscientious scruples
shall engage in the service and do their share in
sustaining the public burdens, it will certainly be
unwise, and it would be a very bad precedent, to
adopt this principle of exemption from conscien-
tious scruples. If the House intends to adoptany
such section as ihis then I think that the section
in the Senate bill is as well worded and as well
guarded as any section upon such a topic could be.
Mr.SCOFlELD. I wish to make a single sug-
gestion.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was not going to debate,
but merely to make a suggestion.
The CHAIRMAN. No further suggestion is
in order.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on the amend-
ment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Baldwin of
Massachusetts,and Farnsworth were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report*
ed—ayes 71, noes 30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move now to strike out
the twelfth line of the section, which is, "and
such drafted person shall then be exempted from
draft." If the twelfth and thirteenth lines of this
section are both stricken out it will leave the ex-
emption of the persons included in this section
upon the same ground as that of those who pay
the $300 commutation money under the preceding
section of the bill. Under the amendment which
has been adopted they may have to pay $300
two or three times while other men only have to
pay once. If these two lines are stricken out and
not a word is said upon the subject the payment
of commutation money will have the same cfTect
m their case as in all others. This was the sug-
gestion which I desired to make to thegentleman
from Illinois, who, I was very sure, would have
adopted it, because I suppose no one wishes that
a person who is conscientiously opposed to war,
and who pays his $300 commutation money, shall
stand in a worse position than the man who is not
