578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
ing boards thus for have had no jurisdiction over
volunteers.
Mr. KELLOGG, of New Yojflfc I differ with
the gentleman very much. That is not my ex-
perience.
Mr. GANSON. I ask mv colleague in what
respect these boards of enrollment have any ju-
risdiction, as the law now stands, over that class
of persons in the service?
Mr.KELLO*jG,ofNewYork. In this respect:
when volunteers as substitutes are producea be-
fore k board of enrollment authorized to receive
tHem It is a duty incumbenton the board to ascer-
tain that they are of legal age. If a person comes
in and swears that he is twenty years ofage,and his
parent or guardian afterwards comes in and claims
nis discharge on the ground that he is only six-
teen, and offers to produce evidence of the fact, I
propose that that evidence be received and that the
board act.upon it. I understand that, in so far,
boards of enrollment have jurisdiction already as
refers to persons enrolled. I propose to extend
that jurisdiction to cases where men have already
enlisted through mistake, or fiaud, or for any
other reason, when they are under age.
Mr. GANSON. I was not aware myself that
boards composed of provost marshals of the vari-
ous districts had anything to do with regiments
composed of volunteers. I would like to know
whether I am correct or not?
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. I think that
you are not.
Mr. GANSON. "Wherein?
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. The proposi-
tion is that they shall correct the enrollment and
strike from the list the names of all minors placed
there by fwud or otherwise.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, W1NFIELD. i move to strike out the
last word.
Mr. SCHENCK. I shall insist upon the gen-
tleman confining Ins remarks to striking out that
woid 44 service."
Mr. WINFIELD. I move to strike out the
woul 4< service," because itdestioys the effect of
the whole amendment; and I will wpeak to the
proposition. ! desire to say with leference to the
imputation that has been cast by my colleague
upon the judiciary of the States which I have the
honor in part to tepresent, that thereare copper-
head judges to be found m every judicial dis-
trict 
Mr. KELLOGG, of New York. The gentle-
man misunderstood mc. I made no such remark.
I said that it was alleged that some copperhead
judges would defeat the execution of this bill if
allowed to act.
Mr. WINFIELD. The remarks of my col-
league involved an imputation upon the purity of
the judiciary of the State we both come fiom. In
defense of that judiciary and particularly of that
part within fay own district, 1 desire to say that
the imputation is exceedingly unjustand entirely
unfounded. I would say, if it were not for the
friendship and good feeling I have for my col-
league, that it was not only unjust and unfounded,
but unparliamentary.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is wan-
dering from his amendment.
Mr. WINFIELD. I will try and keep in order.
So far as the operation of this law in my congres-
sional district is concerned, it has leceived no
embarrassment from the judiciary.
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the gentleman to
.order. He is not speaking to his amendment to
strike out the woid " service." 1 give notice that
'I will continue to object to gentlemen who are not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. WINFIELD. I understand the proposi-
tion to be to prevent the exorcise bv the judicial y
of a State 
Mr. GARFIELD. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. WINFIELD. I am approach ing the ques-
tion. [Laughter.] I hope that the gentleman from
Ohio will bear with me.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from Ohio
will not bear with the gentleman, and calls him
to order. Hfe can only speak to the amendment
to strike out the last word, " service."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Now
York proposes to show reasons why the amend-
ment of his colleague should not prevail. He
proposes to strike out the last word in order to
destroy it, The Chair thinks that he is in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I understand the Chair at
first sustained my point of order. [Cries of u Or-
der! "J
Mr. WINFIELD. I take this occasion to
thank the Chair for the uniform kindness which
has characterized 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINFIELD. I was about to say wheji
interrupted by calls to order on the other side that
there is no district 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINFIELD, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. Kellogg, of New
York, was rejected.
Mr. FAR&SWORTH. I move to amend the
twenty-first section by adding thereto the follow-
ing pioviso :
" Provided, That the Secretary of War may ordei the dis-
charge of all persons m the military service who aie under
the age of eighteen year* at the tune of the application for
their discharge, when it shall appear by duly attested evi-
dence that feuch personsai« in the service without iheeon-
sent, either expressed or implied, of their parents or guard-
ians : Jlnd provided further, That such persons, their par-
ems or guardians, &hall first repay the Government ail
bounties and advanced pay which may have been paid to
them ; anything in the act to which this isan amendmentto
the contrary notwithstanding.
I think this amendment meets a difficulty which
has presented itself. 1 presume every member
upon this floor has been written to in reference
to the discharge of persons who have enlisted
and are under eighteen yenra of age. They can-
not he discharged by the Secretary of War now,
for the reason that the law provides that the oath
of the minor shall be conclusive as to his age.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by insei ting the words " shall order" in the
place of " may order."
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. IIOTCHK1SS. I suggest to the gentle-
man that he modify his amendment by substi-
tuting the words " upon due proof" for the words
" by duly attested evidence."
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I accept that sugges-
tion.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. BOYD. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to lead the twenty-second
section, and commenced reading the twenty-thud
aectio n.
Mr. KERNAN. I desire to call theattention of
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs to the twenty-second section. Who shall
decide whether there has been any fraud prac-
ticed in obtaining a decision of the enrollment
board in favor of the applicant for exemption?
And if a man is arrested as a deserter because of
such decision, fraudulently obtained, who is to
decide that ho is a deserter, in the meaning of the
section? Itseemsto me that here might oiiginate
a great deal ofabuse. The committee will observe
that the section declares that any man who has
practiced a fraud or made false repi esentalion shall
be deemed a deserter. Who will decide whether
he has done so or not? May an officer go and ar-
r st him without some decision by somebody?
[AVoice. A court-martial.] No,sir, he is to be
arrested as a deseiter without any soit of evi-
dence that he ought tu be arrested as such.
Mr. SCHENCK. I use to a point of order.
There is no question before the House.
Mr. KERNAN. Then 1 move to strike out
that section.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to a point of order. It
is that the committee had passed by the twenty-
Rccond section, and that the Clerk had commenced
reading the twenty-third section; and that it is
not in oi der to entertain any proposition to amend
the twenty-second section.
Mr. KERNAN. I suggest that that is rather
too shiewd practice, when the onlv desire is to
make the section practical in its working.
The CHAIRMAN. If objection is made, the
Chair decides that the committee-cannot go back
to the twenty-second section.
The Clerk proceeded to read the twenty-third
and the twenty-fourth sections.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I move to
amend the twenty-fourth section by inserting
after the word "disability," in line thirteen, the
following:
And any officer, clerk, or deputy, connected with the
board of enrollment, who shall receive compensation from
any drafted man for any service, or for obtaining the per-
formance of such service required from any mumbcrof the
said board by the provisions of this act, shall be deemed
guilty of a high misdemeanor.
I offer this amendment for the purpose of sup-
plying a defect in the bill, and to meet a case
whtch occurred in the State of Michigan 
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman that I think there will be no objection to
the adoption of that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan. I offer the fol-
lowing as a new section, to come in after section
twsenty-six:
Sec. 27. Jind be it further enacted, That within thirty
days alter the passage of this not it shall be the duty of the
board of enrollment in each congressional district to cause
lib Is of the names of each and every person enrolled under
the provisions of this act, and of the act of which this is
ameridatoiy, to be printed, arranging alphabetically each
and cveiy name of such persons in the township or waid
m which he resides, and that at least two copies of hucli
lists of names of the persons in any town-hip oi ward be
ported In public places in such township oi ward and that
five printed copies of the full lists in each and every county
be deposited for public inspection in the office of the county
clerk, oi of the pioper custodian of the county lecords of
such county.
I would remark that in my State there was no
public exposition of the names; and that in the
district in which I reside, after the names were
eniolled,the record was taken some distance from
the office and deposited in a safe, where no per-
son could have access to it. In other States the
lists of names were printed and posted up as this
amendment proposes to requite. The only ob-
ject of my amendment is to make that practice
unifoim, so that every person who may be en-
rolled shall have an opportunity of knowing
whether the names of his neighbors are also upon
the list. Such a piovisioti would do away with
a great deal of prejudice that may be engcndeied
against this consciiption law.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
6*3, noes CI.
Mr. STEVENS demanded tellers.
Tellers weie oidered; and Messrs. Baldwin,
of Michigan, and Faiinswoutii, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes G8.
The Chaiiman voted m the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GANSON. I offer what I send to the
Clerk's desk as an additional section to the bill.
Mr. SCOFiELD. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to th'e section we have been considering,
which will take precedence of a new section. 1
move to strike out "Huity" m the amendment
which has just been adopted, and to insert m lieu
thereof " ten," so as to make the time within
which the lists shall be published ten days instead
of thirty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee do now rise. It is very evident that
we cannot get, thiough with this bill to-day.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has not
the floor for that purpose. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Gansom] is upon the floor.
Mr. GANSON. 1 ask that my amendment be
read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. J2ndhc itfwither enacted, That the wiitof habeas,
corpus shall not be su.-pended in any case iciaimg to an al-
leged minor who has been,oi s-hu!l heieafter be, enli.-ted or
di afted into the *ci vice of the United State?; and the first
section of the act entitled "• An aetrclatmg to habeas coipus
and regulating iudicial pioceedtngs in eeitain cases," ap-
pioved Maieh 3, l&U, is hereby modified -.o far as it au-
thorizes the suspcn-ion ofthepuvilcge of the wiitof Aa&cos
coij>us in the cases of alleged imnois who have been or
shall be enlisted or dialted into the service of the United
States.
Mr. COFFROTH. I ask the gentleman from
New York to modify his amendment so as to
make it apply to men over forty-five years of age
as well as to those under eighteen.
Mr. GANSON. I prefer to confine myself to
children.
