1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1625
five or twenty-six speeches have been made al-
ready on the subject, and I feel compelled as a
duty to the House to call for the previous question.
As 1 have already stated, this debate presents a
strong contrast to the proceedings in this House
on the case of lion. Joshua R. Giddings, from the
same State as the gentleman who has made this re-
quest. He was censured by the House, which he
considered as equivalent to expelling him. That
was done without debate. This debate has been
prolonged until it may be considered ample.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 desire to make two sug-
gestions.
Mr. COLFAX. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will make two sug-
gestions. The necessity for prolonging this de-
bate does not proceed from this side of the House.
The subject was not introduced here by them.
The next consideration is this: since this debate
lias been commenced this side has not yet moved
an adjournment or to take a recess. We have been
willing to sit here so long as the majority of the
House wcie willing to let debate go on. We are
willing to do it now, and to continue it as many
houis as the House may think fit.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman has made two
statements and two mistakes. He says this ac-
tion did not originate from that side of the House.
I think it did, and I shall prove it when 1 come to
make my speech.
in the second place, he says that no gentleman
on that side of the House has moved an adjourn-
ment or a recess. I think my colleague [Mr.
Holmav] did, and if I consulted the Journals 1
might find other instances.
1 will state that 1 understand, that on Tuesday
night, at a quai tor past eleven o'clock, the gentle-
man from New Jersey, who lias just spoken, ob-
tained the floor, but declined to go on at that
hour, and yielded the flour to my colleague from
the Lawrenceburg distiict, [Mr. Holman,] who
moved that the House adjourn until Thursday.
In that manner the debate was arrested at a quar-
ter past eleven o'clock.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to say that I
stand collected i\s t-o the latter part of myiemark.
The gentleman from Indiana is right and I am
wiong.
Mr. COLFAX. I knew the gentleman would
accede gracefully.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman from Indiana
to yield to me.
Mr. COLFAX. I fuel compelled—not out of
any discourtesy to the gentleman—to ask the
House to second the previous question now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
first upon the appeal of the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldiudge] from the decision of the
Chair made on Tuesday last.
Mr. ROSS, j nppeai to the gentleman from In-
diana to allow me to make a suggestion.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 am compelled to decline.
Mr. ROSS. I know the suggestion will accord
with the views of the gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. I will hear it, then.
Mr. ROSS. My suggestion is that we arc losing
nothing by this discussion. The Speaker has
seen fit to remark that we are losing time which
ought to be devoted to public business. Now, I
think we are gaining time by this discussion. The
public business will not be retarded by the con-
tinuance of this discussion. These speeches will
have to be made sometime during the session.
Our constituents expect them at our hands.
Mr. COLFAX. The suggestion does not ac-
cord with my views. I thought it would not, and
therefore I decline to yield any further.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Indiana.
Mr. COLFAX. I will hear the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. NORTON. I rose before the gentleman
from Indiana answered the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Ross,] to ask from him the courtesy
of allowing me a few moments. I have not oc-
cupied the time of the House one half hour dur-
ing the whole session in the way of debate, i
have desired to express my views briefly upon
the question before the House. It is an import-
ant question, and I have to record my vote on it.
I have tried to get the floor. Now, what I pro-
posed to ask the gentleman from Indiana, before
he declined to yield the floor to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Ross,] was to yield to me a
short time before he calls the previous question
to express my views upon the subject.
Mr. COLFAX. I am afraid that my character
for veracity will suffer in the House if I do not
comply with the terms I made with the House
on Tuesday. I am reluctantly compelled to de-
cline, and to say to my friend that if he had seen
fit on entering upon this debate last Saturday to
have spoken to the present occupant of the chair,
he would have had an opportunity long since to
make his speech.
Mr. NORTON". I was sick in bed on Satur-
day and unable to leave the house, and it is for
that reason that I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana now.
Mr. COX. I desire to correct one remark 
Mr. COLFAX. No corrections; cxcuse me.
I will take back anything I have said rather than
have any words with the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. I do not want the gentleman to take
back anything1.
Mr. HARRIS. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. One point of
order is already pending. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Colfax] moved a certain pream-
ble and resolution; the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broomall] moved to amend the pic-
amble and resolution by strikingout and inserting;
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
raised the point of order that the motion of the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania was not in order.
The Chair overruled the point of order, and the
gentleman from Wisconsin appealed from that
decision. The question now before the House is,
** Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?55 and upon that the yeas and
nays are demanded.
Mr. COX. I call for the reading of the rules
pertinent to this subject.
The Clerk read rules 61 and 62, as follows:
"6l. If any member, in speaking or oth^rwtee, transgress
the rulo of the House, the Speaker shall, or any member
may, call lo order ; in winch case the member mi called to
nuler shall immediately Mt down, uule** permitted to ex-
plain; and the House shall, if appealed to, decide on the
case, but without debate: it theie be no appeal, the decision
of the Chair shall be submitted to. if the dcciMon be in
favor of the member called to order, he &hall be at liberty
to procced; if otherwise, he bhall not be peinntted to pro-
ceed, in case any member object, without leave ol the
House; and if the case require it, he shall be liable to the
censure of the House.
'*6:2. if a membei be called to order for woids spoken in
debate, tiie por&on calling him to older slmlf repeat the
woid.s excepted to, and they shall be taken down in writing
at the Clerk's table; and no member shall be held to au-
swei, or be subject to the een.suie of the llonse, for woids
spoken in debate if any other member has spoken, or other
business ha^ inteivened, alter the words spoken, and be-
fore exception to them shall have been taken."
Mr. COX. Will it be in order to ask the ques-
tion whether the proceedings of this House show
that business did not intervene between the speak-
ing of the gentleman and the taking down the
language and the introduction of the lesolution of
censure ?
The SPEAKER;)j'o tempore. The Chair over-
ruled the point of order, on the ground that it
was not governed by the €2d rule. The resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvaniais based
on the ground of the declarations of the gentle-
man from Ohio, of the second district, made in
the national Capitol and published in the city of
New York.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It is upon the ground of
the publication m New York, as I understand the
Speaker.
Mr. COX. The Speaker held that the rule did
not cover the case, as I understood him.
The SPEAKER pro tempore* Yes.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to ask one question
of the Speaker. Is there any evidence before the
House that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Long]
caused the publication of his speech in a New
York paper ?
Mr. BROOMALL. There is such evidence
when that question comes up.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That is the question now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not a
question for the Chair to answer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affiimativi;—yeas 79, nays CG; as follows;
YEAS—Mcssis. Alley, Allison, Aints, Anderson, Ash-
ley, John I). Baldwin*, Baxtei. anin'n, Blame,'ttoitr-
well, Boyd, Bioomall. William G. Brown, Ambrose W.
Clark, Cobb. Cole, Cresweil, Dawes Doming, f)U4?g^, Dn-
mont, Eckloy, Farm-worth, Frank, G.u/ield,"Gooch, Gun-
nel), iiigby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Jenckes, Julian, kasson.
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Oiiando Kellogg, Loan, Long-
year, Marvin, MeBride, MeCiurg, Melndoe, Samuel P.
Miller, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos Mycj&, Leonard My-
ers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, PerUam,
Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H.
Rice, John il. llice, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smiliiers,
Spalding, Starr, Stevens, Thayer, Thorn.**,Tracy, Ifyeoii,
Van Vaikenburgh, William B. Washburn, Webuter,
W'haley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Wmciom, Wood-
bridge, and Yeamau—70.
NAYS—Messrs. James O. Allen, William J. Alien, An-
Oarrington, BenjaminG. Rains, Heiriek, iioitn'an, dutch •
ins, Philip Johnson.Wiiltarn Johnson, Kalbflebch, Reman,
Km?, Kitapp, Law, Laxear, Mailorj, Maiey, McDowell,
McKinne.v, James, R. Moms, Nel*on, Noble, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Peiry, Piuyn, Radfoid, Suimn-l J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Itogeis, Jame* S, Rollins, Kos&, Scott,
Stebbms, John B. Steele, William G. Steele., Suou&c,
Stuart, Ssveat, Vooriiees, Waid, Wheolci, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wmfield, and Fernando Wood
—GG.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the House.
During the roll-call,
Mr. FISNTOJNT stated that he was paired with
Mr. Wadswortii, but that if he had beenatlib-
erty to vote he would have voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, stated Unit he was
paired upon all these questions with Mr. Mid-
dleton.
Mr. VVINDOM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Donnelly, was confined to his room by sick-
ness.
The result of the vote was announced asabove
recorded.
Mr. COLFAX. Mr. Speaker, as the amend-
ment moved by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Broomall] will accomplish the same
purpose as my original resolution, registering
the solemn condemnation of the House of the
gentleman from Ohio's views, and as it isevident
that gentleman upon the other side of the House
will not vote for the resolution of expulsion, I
accept the amendment and demand the pievious
question on the resolution as thus modified. I
do it with the understanding that although i have
the right, after the previous question shall be
sustained, to close the debate, thegentleman from
Ohio who is named in the resolution shall have
an hour to reply to me; and if he shall make any
remarks of a personal character in his reply to
me I shall ask to be allowed to reply to him.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] who oiloiod the
original resolution, is entitled ft) the floor.
Mr. COLFAX. This is rather on exhaordi-
nary time for the gemleman fmm Ohio to pro-
pose to move to lay the resolution upon the table,
as that would cut off my right to close the debute.
Mr. COX. Ido notintend to cut off my fnend's
right to close the debate.
Mr. COLFAX. That would be tho uffect of
the gentleman's motion.
Mr. COX. I withdraw it, then; but I give no-
tice ihaf at the proper time 1 will make that mo-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I lise to a point
of order. I desire to know whether it is compe-
tent for the gentleman fiom Indiana [Mr. Col-
pax] to modify his icsolution at this stage of the
discussion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
opinion that the gentleman fiom Indiana has a
right to modify his resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then I desire to
say that if the previous question be not sustained I
shall renew at the fust opportunity the oiigina!
proposition, and shall ask to have a vote on ihe
question of expulsion.
Mr. COX called for tellers on the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Colfax were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 71.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. J, C. ALLEN called foi die yeas and nays
on oidering the main question.
Mr. COLFAX. A# gentlemen are going to
rouse delay by voting by the yeas and nays, 1 be-
lieve I will proceed with my remarks now.
Mr. COX. We do not desire to cause delay,
