1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would ask the Chair if
my amendment is not in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. G-anson] is on the floor.
Mr. SCOFIELD. He ofF< jrs a new section;
but my amendment is an amendment to the sec-
tion we have been considering.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is to strike out a
portion of what the committee has already in-
serted, which is not in order.
Mr. SCOFIELD, The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Baldwin] is willing to have that mod-
ification of his amendment made.
The CHAIRMAN. The matter has passed
beyond the control of the gentleman from Mich-
igan .
Mr. SCOFIELD. It had not when I first madp
the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is upon the floor.
Mr. GANSON. Mr. Chairman, I offer this
additional section notwithstanding the amend-
ment proposed by one of my colleagues to one of
the sections of the bill, which has been adopted
by the committee. As I understand the amend-
ment which has been adopted, it authorizes the
Secretary of War, upon affidavits being furnished
relative to the age of drafted men, to discharge
them from the military service, provided they aic
under the age of eighteen years.
Now, from the experience I have had since I
have been a member of this House, I think this
would ffdd very much to our labors, and would,
in fact, raise amemberof Congress to the dignity
of an enwnd boy employed at $3,000 a yeai, it
would also add very much to the labors of the
War Department. We know now that that De-
piutment has more work than it can well and
properly do. I think, also, that it would put par-
ties having claims of this description to too much
trouble, expense, and delay. 1 hope the House
will adopt this additional section, because 1 deem
it eminently just and proper. It cannot lead to
any abuse, iii my judgment, "and even if there
should occasionally be some abuse, it will be in-
significant comparrd to the injustice daily done in
every neighborhood within the northern felates, as
evet y gentleman upon this floor well knows.
Mr. SMITH. Is an amendment in order to.
that amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
amendment i.s in order.
Mr. SMITH. I move, then, to add to the
amendment of the gentleman from New York the
following:
Piovitlcil) Saul enlistments ate notcomputeoiy oragamtt
the will of the pi'iaon1- thus unlisted.
The amendment to the amendment wos dis-
agreed to.
Mr. COFFROTH. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New Yoi k by insrrt-
tuj£? afrer thr wmd twenty "the words " and all
over forty-five."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY. Imovetostrilceout"twenty" j
and nisei t " eighteen." I
Mr. GANSON. I will inform the gentleman I
from Ohio that the wotd " twenty" is not to be |
lound in my amendment. I
Mr. ASHLEY. Then I move to amend the |
amendment by jiiserLm  the words " minors un- j
der L-i£;ht'Cii y  ars of ago." _ !
The amendment to the amendment wes rejected. I
The question lectured on Mi. Ganson 's amend- I
mem, and it was !ejected.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I proposean additional
section, to come in after the twenty-seventh sec-
tion.
Mr. WADSWORTI-I. T have an amendment
to offer to the twenty-seventh section.
Mr. SC1-IENCK. I rise for the purpose of
moving to strike out the twenty-seventh section,
as follows:
S::e 97. Jlnd he it fwlker enacted, That nothmcr con-
tained in tln^act shall be so eoncti ued as topirvent oi pio-
lubit the enlu-tmoiitof mm in the States-, in rebellion undei
s tin: onler* ot the Wai Dep.utmuit.
Mr. AVADS WORTH. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. SCHENCK. In the first place I do not
quite understand that there are any " States in re-
bellion under the orders of the War Department/'
[Laughter.] j>at that is not my objection to the
section. If gentlemen will read it they will see
that it actually means nothing at all. It was left
out of th^ substitute on that account.
Mr. COLE, of California. I move to amend by
inserting at the end of the scction the following:
And the Soeiotaiy of Wari< directed to offer a bounty of
$100 l'oi each and cveiy iccruit to the Artnv of tlif> United
States tliat may be obtained irom the condition of actual
f-laveiy, which bounty niav bo increased to the amount of-
feied tor other reei uits, one half to be paid to tl)o iccruit, or
ins he have a family, and the other half to meet
the expenses of the enlistment.
Mr. Chairman, we are now nearly through this
bill; and although there are abundant piovisions
for raising troops in the loyal poi tio'ns of theUm-
ted States, there seems to be no provision for rais-
ing troops in the portions of Hie United States that
are in insurrection. Theie aic, however, in the
insurrectionary States large elapses of people who
would very gladly exchange their present con-
dition for that of United States soldiery. This
amendment is to provide for that case. It docs
not pioposc to exercise any compulsion over them,
but to let them volunteer to become soldiersof the
United States. It seems to me that this will sup-
ply a defect in the bill, and help to perfect it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move to strike
out the twenty-seventh section, and insert the fol-
lowing in its place;
Sec.— Jlnd he it fat (her enacicd, Thatany person who,
foi the puiposc oi piocuuiiiroi nnlingut flu pioomomontot'
a s?nb tunic undei the ptovwon-- of this net, <u for the pur-
po-i' ol proemm<;oi aidiiitr in thepiocmement ol any volun-
teer lor the ?<<moe of the United Siaic- mulct any call oi
i e(pie it ion of noops by the l'ic; idont of tin.' United Suto-,
iti.ike^ any f.UM> -tateiin'tit oi lepie-cnl.ilion m wntir:,', oi
any aliinnauiiii ot oaihm i e-peoito (he a'.e ol ili-> piopo^ed
viiUmuty with the- intent ot prorimn:.' tlx1 nefopam* e oi
a fUb-ritnte ot voiunteei who bv iea>-on oi bi< being mulei
the d<!e of eighteen > <m i > i- lejj.ilh di-qtialiiiui Horn the mil
it.u> m ivic(, ot the Umkd si,no, Ut who by le.usou of Jin
b'-inc between the a «."'!• ol eighteen and twenty-one jv.u •=
i-j dwpi.ihfied m t'leab^eueeof tile concern in that ea-c re-
tained bv law, shall b • defined guilt} of a tin .detneauot,
and -lial!. upon conv u-non befoi e a court of eomp( i < nt jmi-v
(Iietiou. hi'
nor inoi,' ti
until -in h
]jiori !(J,
uigtheare
tepie-cii!
pi opo-ed
-tlbji't t to ,i
I.OOJ,
line or peli.Hi v oi not le>-- than
mil to iinfiii-onmen t or conn;itmi<'tit
"iih <n pi"'i.d<) --ii.iM It pud, . l:ul it d? finiher
hat aio pei on 'vlu-, with the intent oi pi-
p'.inero: a -- u i) ftiucoi voiuiuc< t, -inill i.ilvejy
iin-el: a-> Hie t.ithci or ^ikuiImh of any nnnoi
a ^nl> can re oi volnnteei, r> 11 ci ~h.i II in - in-11
satin d < iiaiactei s-iveihe a--ent leipnted f>\ hiw,>uch per
m)h -o olletnliii^r h.tll be tiullv of a nii-(lein«Miioi, and shall,
a pi m co u vie [ion in manner be] m e piov tded, be ^iibj"('t to
a line of no! !e.-* t'nm ",? )!), noi nu-ie tli.m -,i anil to
eonnnitinent until -ucli line -had b" paid, .nid la .uhiition
theteto to ^u< h iti]pii->(a)tnent, not moie than ^i\ nuauh--, a~. |
the couit -ball dm et. j
'11.C unniDilniunt v.'.ts h ;
Mi'. STKVENS. I move to stnk<- out the |
twenty-s. venth su'uiiu ;unl intriUho lulhuving: .
All male p.-i .nn-of AIik hii bft\v."-ii j
i]!f - f>l !u"'.1v .ilKt 1',1-n Incji in- wSn tlitr
or noF, ic-uli'ii! l'i thi' tJnif'd Sl.u.'-, -I.siil in' .'iiioiiod a.-
('Ol(111111 to the [I! OVI'-iOIl- o! the ,i''t to wllL.'lt ttl]^,l> il
plrninil. am! loini pait ofltii' iialiouat inK'is. And U'li' M
a ^lavti ^-tiail iiav ln'cn d. al l< (t and lua-t.'M'.t into 1 1h i'U'kt
oi the Dmt.'il Si u"-, tlii ma-t.'i' -.iull liavf a coimicam
IheiTOl uliicti -hall enl i tie hi in to ici'.'ivr.^ttGI) tiuin till: Uni-
ted Htatt -, and tin: dialled man >laltl bo liee.
Mr. Chairman, I lurw offered this amendment,
cintl 1 hope it wJl prevail. 1 think that tiuttcla-s-s
of pci-soni ought to fmm a pai t of tin- national
forces. I lenow that they are now taken, as 111
Maryland for instance, and I suppose they will
he 111 other place*. I do not .say thai it is contra-
i y to law, but I pief'-r that it should lie done un-
dei a known law. If we are to use these persons
—and 1 think we ou;;ht to use them—it should
lie in pursuance of the action of Congress rutin r
than undei tin-direction of any executive branch
of the Govei nnient.
Mr. 130YD. ! mi^estthat the gentleman from
Pennsylvania alter his amendment so a.? to pay
loyal men only fn' tlieu' slaves.
Mr. STEVENS. ^ I modify my amendment in
that respect, by adding the words, l( provided
that the slaves of loyal men only shall be paid for."
My amendment will not only make this class of
persons bear their part ot the fighting buidcn of
the nation, but it will also tend finally to eiodicate
slavery frorn all the States; eradicate it nndei ne-
cessity, .aid with cornpens uioii to the masters,
; Although foe a1 e no .v dom~ it—1 will not tay
I against"law, 'out 1 do not po.eisely know under
what law—1 think it light that it should be done
according to law. Of eotnse this refers only to the
loyal States. Wo are not" loRi'sslatr'ng'for the Con-
federate States, although I am tokl by gentlemen
about lieie that they are still in the Union. We
are not legislating for them just now. Wo are
legislating just as if they did not exist. This,
therefore, applies to Maryland, Delaware',1 Ken-
tucky, and Missouri. I hope, therefore, tlie
amendment will prevail.
- Mr. CLAY. 1 hope that the gentleman'from
Pennsylvania will not insist upon that amend-
ment.' You have told'us in the borfe Sttttes,
wllen we have appealed toyou, that you intended
to respect the laws and constitutions of those
States. The enemies of the Union, those in those
States called secessionists, have charged against
the northern people that it was their intention to
seize upon all of our slaves, with or without law;
that they intended to seize tlie personal property
and finally the real estate of the slaveholding
States. These charges have been made in my
State against tlie Government, We'have denied
them. We have stated that there was no such
intention; that the northern people proposed to
respect our consiitutions and laws; and that we
had no fear when the case was presented justicc
would be done to us.
Now, when good feeling exists in those States,
and is increasing, why should we pass these rad-
ical laws? If you pass tliem you will (lotra'ctfi'om
that increasing good feeling; you will excite and
confuse the communities there,and throwastum-
hling-block in the way of the restoration of agon-
mil Union feeling on the part of the people of the
bortierStates. Why should you do this? I would
prefer to have you come out at once, however,
for 1 do not like this indirect mode of legislation.
Lotus know what you are at, so that we may not
be any longer deceived. We told the people when
the charge's weie made to which 1 have'referred,
we, the friends of the Govei nnient, who occupy
seats upon this floor, that when this matter was
properly presented, with the exception of a nfiau
scattered here and theie, the people of the North
would be disposed to respect the laws and tlie
constitutions and the ri^htsofthe bordcrStatcS un-
dei them. Wetold the peopleof those States that
when the question was presented in the courts
the people of the North would do justice to the
people, of the bolder Slates, and to their rights of
property under then constitutions and laws. If you
are going to legislate on the subject, if you intend
to do this tiling, do it, so that we may not be longer
deceived. Let us, when we return to our constit-
uents, say that we have presented the case, and
that, there is no tiust to be placed ill the northern
people to do justice to the border States.
We do not obpict to your taking the slaves of
those who nrcengaged in this rebellion, or to using -
them for a legitimate purpose. But we do object
to your taking slaves fiom any loyal man,because
the constitution of Kentucky says that you shall
not take the property of any of its citizens unless
you first compensate them. I read the speech of the
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
1!outwi:li,] who took the position now advanced.
He sought to advocate it as coming from the great
statesman of Kentucky, Henry Clay. He stated
that what the law made property was proprrty.
Why then do you propose to take our slaves with-
out compensation ?
[ Here the hammer fell.]
Mr.BOUTWELL. 1 movetos!rikeout"poq"
and nisei t "twenty-five." 1 desire to say in
reply to the gentleman fiom Kentucky that in the
laws of Kentucky, so far as 1 know, slaves were
r< o™ni7< d as propei ty but still iccogniz.'d as per-
son's; and 1 think that we have leached tliatenler-
gencv when men in the border btutes should un-
derstand, at least so far as 1 am concerned, that,
slaves as inhabitants of the country are to be used
as other men are used to put down this lebelhon.
No constitution or law of any State shall stand
between me and what 1 believe to be my duty to
lay countiy.
Mi. MOIIPJS, of New York. Mr. Chairman,
as I urideistand existing laws, the Government,
when it deems it to be necessary, may seize the
piopei ty of any cinzen and use it for the purpose
of prosecuting this war. I see no difference be-
tvveen seizing the ptoperty of the. noitheril States
and that of the border States. I do not see ,vhy
i the property of the bolder States should be ex-
j eaipted.
I Mr. CHANLER. I now move that the com-
