2602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
think the persons engaged in this fishing business
have diverted much of their labor from that pur-
suit. They receive now since this war about as
much money from the bounties as they did be-
fore. That indicates very clearly that the people
in that line of business are still engaged in it, so
that these are bounties actually paid to keep men
out of the Navy. The Government is giving these
people a bounty absolutely to hire them to go into
-other pursuits, and that of itself keeps them out
of the Navy; and the proof from the record is that
these people have not gone much into the Navy;
and why? Because you take the money of the
people to hire them to stay in this business of
fishing. The bounty does not tend to bring them
into your Navy. By the Government giving the
bounty, they are hired to go into the fishing busi-
ness, and they find it more profitable in conse-
quence of the bounty to stay out of the Navy, anrl
they do stay out. So the whole argument of the
Senator about this matter of bounties being ne-
cessary for seamen is an utter fallacy; there is
nothing in it.
There is no more reason why you should pay
bounties to those who are engaged in the fish-
eries than why you should pay the miners 011 the
Pacific coast a bounty for digging the gold from
the bowels of the earth; and indeed if I were
driven to pay one a bounty and neglect the other,
I would give it to the miners who are delving in
the mountain sides, because we want the precious
metals as a circulating medium. There is 110
more renson why we should pay these men boun-
ties than why we should pay the farmers of the
West bounties for raising theirpigs, their sheep,
or their cattle. The thmgeannot be justified upon
any principle. It is absolutely giving up the
money of the people to foster a particular inter-
est, without receiving any adequate return, and
the astonishment to me has been that this law
has so long remained upon the statute-book.
But the Senator said it was not repealed when
those were in power with whom I act politically.
I can tell the Senator that a bill for the repeal of
the law, I think, passed the Senate more than
once, but it was lost 111 a conflict between the two
Houses; but if we get it through here now 1 do
not think it will be lost; we ahull get it in per-
haps the very best place in the world to insure
its final passage, and that is 011 this enormous
tax bill. Many Senators differ from me about
the tax bill. They say the people want to be
taxed, that, their patriotic hearts are calling for
taxation everywhere. That may be, but 1 do not
think my people want to be taxed. Ifwegetthis
provision 011 this bill I think it will be certain to
become a law, and then we shall be clear of this
system of bounties forever.
It was not my intention to make a speech of
any length on the subject, ami I have really said
about all that i intended to say. The Senator
cannot get me into any controversy about monop-
olies or favors shown to the West in regard to
their railroads. 1 can very easily show that it
was 110 detriment to the public to give those west-
ern States land to make railways, because we gave
iheiri alternate sections, and the Government got
double price for the sections not appropriated to
the railways; yet i have not been a special advo-
cate of those railway grants. And then, as the
Senator from Wisconsin very well observed,
everybody knows that the people of New England,
a manufacturing people, do not raise enough to
eat up there. From the statistics I saw a year ago
made by a very learned gentleman by the name
of Ruggles, it is very clear that New England
consumes 111 three months all the wheat she raises
in a year. She has to have railways and water
communications to carry the gram from other
pai'ts of the Union to feed her people. It is to her
interest as well as the interest of the farmers of
the West to have those communications made.
There can be no doubt about that.
Hut, Mr. President, I should like very much if
Senators when they enter into this argument would
mi', t 1 he question as it is, that they would show
the teal benefits to result to the country from the
imposition of thisannual burden upon the people,
ihat they would give us some good reason for it,
tlmr they would tell us something else than that
it h.is bi>en sanctified by time. Having enjoyed
this immunity and drawn this money from the
haul earnings of the people pretty nearly from the
oigunization of the Government, they are now
loth to let it go. They have grown rich by
means of these and other bounties and privileges
that they have received by the sanction of the
law, and they ought to be contented when they
have grown rich and can flaunt their wealth in
the faces of other States to let this "pittance"
alone,and perhapsafter awhile,if you takeaway
the protection and the bounties you bestow on
their labor, other portions of the country may grow
as rich as they. We do not envy New England
herwealth,butwe do desire that herwealth shall
not be increased by an imposition of an unjust tax
upon the rest of the people. That is the point we
make. This is a benefit that is conferred upon New
England alone. The Senator from Maine says
it is national, and he speaks with wonderful
vehemence and volubility about its nationality.
There is no nationality about it. We want no
such nurseries for seamen. Having floated more
ships in the merchant service than any other na-
tion on the earth, independent of the Navy that
we have in the public service, that is a nursery
sufficient. And, sir, if you give this tribute and
these bounties to men to stay in the fishing busi-
ness you will have to give very high bounties to
lure them into your naval service. There is no
good or valid reason why the people should be
taxed to support this interest any longer.
I know that when persons enjoy a privilege of
this kind for a long time they begin to think and
they imagine it is absolutely right, and they make
a great noise when you take it away from them.
It is so with ail animals. Every old farmer knows
that when you attempt to wean a calf that is al-
lowed to suck till he is a year and a half or two
years old he makes a great deal of fuss; you can
hear him bellow all over the plantation—not that
I am compaiing any of these gentlemen to an an-
imal of that kind. I do not do that; but they
have had it so long that if you wean them from
it now they make a terrible noise overit. They
have had it so long that they think they are ab-
solutely entitled to it. In my judgment they
never were entitled to it. If there ever was a
reason for it, as I before stated, that reason has
long .since ceased. I am not going to take up the
time of the Senate in discussing this question any
further. I think I have stated reasons sufficient
why the amendment I have proposed should pre-
vail; and I hope it may bo adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to say a very
few words, Mr. President, on this subject, be-
cause it becomesmydutyfrom the relation which
1 bear to the section of country the interests of
some of whose people are affected by the amend-
ment now befoie the Senate. 1 shall not follow
or attempt to follow the Senator from Kentucky
in what he has said in regard to the prosperity of
JNew England having been fostered by legislation.
A very small part, comparatively, of the pros-
perity of Now England depends upon the fisher-
ies; and in regard to its other prosperity, I sup-
pose everybody knows pretty well that up to the
breaking out of this war the prosperity of New
England could in 110 manner be imputed to any
protection that her manufactures or any part of
her industry hud received for a long series of
years, for the legislation of Congress had been
directed entirely the other way, and had been car-
ried to the extent of reducing the duties oil im-
ports down to the very lowest possible point con-
sistent with paying the expenses of Government.
Certain gentlemen who were afraid that a tariff
would encourage manufactures, actually reduced
the duties, so as to bring the receipts below the
expenditures of the Government, and they were
compelled in a time of profound peace to borrow
money and run the country in debt some tjventy
or thirty million dollars 011 Treasury notes 111 a
single year. That was the policy of the section
of country a part of which the honorable Sena-
| tor from Kentucky now repi-esents. Although
j our expenses were then at the lowest possible
i point the tariff was reduced so low (we depend-
i ing entirely upon customs) that under the two
'I Admimstiations which preceded this the revenue
i| was found entirely insufficient in a time of pro-
i found peace to pay even the moderate expenses
of the Government at that period.
So, sir, the Senator is entirely mistaken in im-
puting the prosperity of New England or of the
North, so to call it, m any degree to the legisla-
[ tion of the country. It was prosperous in spite
i of the legislation of the country; and while it
continues to be what it is, and the men there con-
tinue to be what they are, it will prosper in spite
of the legislation of Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. It was prosperous commer-
cially before the tariff system. •
Mr. PESSENDEN. Yes, sir, before the tariff
system was introduced, New England was pros-
perous. She protested against that system; it
was introduced against her wishes; she con-
formed to it and prospered; and then the policy
of the Government was changed, and an effort
was made to run her down. The legislation of
the country was directed first against her com-
merce, and when she turned her attention to man-
ufactures then againsther manufactures. It failed
both times and always will; the legislation of the
country will fail in any ordinary time to do any
such thing. tWhy? Because we have intelli-
gence; we have the power to labor; we have
something to work upon; we have will; we can
work, and we do work. That is the simple se-
cret of it, and I have no doubt that my friends
all around me from all sections of the country
are very glad to hear it, and probably they be-
lieved it before, for I do not think there is any
particular ill feeling 011 the part of one section of
the country against another. There are individu-
als in all sections who are mean enough to be
local and personal and to envy their neighbors
when they see them prosper; but those individ-
uals are few, and they form exceptions to the
general rule.
Now, sir, this question is a very simple one,
and I propose to state it and leave it there. The
Senator from Kentucky says that there is no
doubt about it; that nothing can be said on the
other side; that no reason exists for these boun-
ties; and therefore it is a plain matter. I have
heard that said before; it has been repeated over
and over again from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment, and always unsuccessfully, up to the
present time. The grounds 011 which these boun-
ties were first given are very evident. The fish-
ing interest is and always will be a poor interest;
that is to say, an interest carried on by a poor
class of people; it is in its nature hard; it is ne-
cessarily precarious, not leading to wealth, hardly
to a bare sustenance, and attended with great ex-
posure and great danger; and yet upon the sca-
coast, near where fish abound, it will always be
found that a certain class of adventurous persons
will engage'in that pursuit, sometimes from the
love of adventur®, the love of the excitement of
the thing itself, sometimes from education and
tradition; various motives of that kind enter into
it. That has been the case upon the coast of New
England.
Government took that into consideration 111
early times; they looked nt the thing as it stood.
It hud been the policy of England, and itis to this
dny, to give high bounties to encourage fishing
upon these very shores. They own alarge share
of the provinces where are the very best fishing
grounds, and they deem it of importance to their
national power and their national wealth to en-
courage the business, to support and sustain it.
So it is with the French, who own two of the best
fishing stations on that coast. They also give
very high bounties,for the simrile reason that they
think it has a very important and powerful effect
in building u p their manne to have as large a class
of men as possible engaged in this most adventur-
ous and dangerous pursuit. It is a fact well known
that there is no navigation in the world that is
equal in its dangers to the fishing upon these
coasts. Liable to sudden storms, the greatest
nautical skill, the greatest courage, and the great-
est carelessness as to exposure aie required; and
these qualities are found there. The numerous
shipwiecks and losses, the destruction that occurs
every year in tins pursuit, have proved that most
abundantly. There is rto dispute about it. Yet
these men remain poor. They make, as was said in
the last war with Great Hi itam, the very best sail-
ors in the world. They are hardy, adventurous,
bold,among the very bravest men that can be found
exposed to the penis ofthesea. Senators are prob-
ably awaie that the Constitution, which won so
much glory for us in the last war with Great Bri-
tain, was manned almost exclusively by Marble-
head sailors picked up on a sudden emeigency,
a call made, a crew found out of the fishermen,
and they navigated that vessel and fought the bat-
tles which she won. There are numerous other
