1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
coujd not be instituted between the two, but the
remarks made by Mr. duincy were very objec-
tionable, and Mr. Clay descended from the chair
to reply to those remarks, but not to move a res-
olution.
Mr. COLFAX. My friend from Kentucky
is a much abier arid older man than myself; but
he is not quite as well posted in the history of
that Congress as I happen to be at this time.
That distinguished man whose history is the his-
tory of the nation came down from the Speaker's
chair during the Congress of 1812-13, nine dif-
ferent times to make speeches, and at the next
session made six speeches more.
Mr. MALLORY. Did lie ever move to expel
a membei ?
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will have his
portion in due season, if lie will allow me to get
through with my remarks. Air. Clay came down
from thechair and made ninedifferent speeches at
one session, and six more at the next; and if the
gentleman doubts it, let him go to that library and
he will find it is so. They were on the side of
his country, and in those speeches he did not
hesitate about words. lie used words which I
shall not copy to-day.
Mr. DAWES. if my ft lend from Indiana
proposes to ask the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Mallory] to state what language ofthe ven-
erable Josiaii Q,umcy he feels justified in com-
paring to the speech of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Long,] 1 have nothing to say. But unless
he does that, I think it is due to the character of
that distinguished gentleman that the member
from Kentucky be called upon to stale what lan-
guage of Hon. Josiah Q,uincy, then a Repre-
sentative upon this floor, justifies him in making
the remarks he has mado.
Mr. MALLORY". Will my friend from Indi-
ana yield to me for a moment?
Mr. COLFAX. I will just this once; but am
anxious for my full hour. [Cries of "Agreed!"
on the Democratic side.]
Mr. MALLORY. i do not recollect the pre-
cise words used by Mr. Josiah Q,uincy to which
Mr. Ciav took exception.
Mr. COLFAX. Piei.se be brief.
Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman will allow
me to answer the gentleman from Massachusetts
in my own way, i will do so. If not, I must de-
cline to do so af all.
Mr. COLFAX. I only asked the gentleman
to be brief, but 1 take back the remark.
Mr. MALLORY. I spoke from my general
recollection of Mr. duincy's speeches. I re-
member that in the specific speech to which Mr.
Clay replied, he denounced the war then being
waged by this country against Great Bntain as
causeless, as being hostile to the interests of
Massachusetts, and as a war to which he and
his people were opposed. Thnt is my general
recollection ofthe language to which I refer. I
will not quote any newspaper excerpts from his
speeches, but rely upon the statement 1 have made
as to the general tenor of the remarks indulged
in by himself and by other members from Massa-
chusetts during that memorable discussion.
Mr. DAWES. I do not d esire to mingle in
this debate at alt, nor to consume the time of the
gentleman from Indiana, but it is due to one of the
purest, most venerable, and most esteemed patri-
ots in this land that he should be vindicated from
any such innuendo or coveit attack as has been
made by the gentleman from Xventucky. I know
that he was opposed to that war, but that he was
a lover of his country and a true patriot is as true
as that the sun shines.
Mr. COLFAX. Now, sir, I shall notget Ken-
tucky and Massachusetts into collision again.
Mr. MALLORY. The gent! eman cannot get
Kentucky and Massachusetts into collision.
Mr. COLFAX, i am very glad to hear it. I
meant the members from those States.
I have said that Mr. Clay came down from the
Speaker's chair, and made nine speeches in the
first session of the Twelfth Congress, and used
most distinct andemphaticand partisan language,
too; and,duiii!g the second se.-sion of that Con-
gress, he followed that up by coming down upon
the floor,as the Representative of his dtstiict,and
making' six speeches more. That was the time
when he had the debate with Mr. duincy, to
which reference has been made. But if Mr.
duincy had said—as he did notsay—that he was
willing to surrender the territorial integrity of this
country; nay, more, if he had said, as did the
gentleman from Ohio, that he was willing to allow
a foreign Government to be planted upon our own
soil by traitors, building their traitorous fabric
upon the oaths they had forsworn, the impetuous
old chieftain ofKentucky would undoubtedly have
moved his expulsion on the spot, and the mem-
bers of that Congress would have acceded to his
motion.
The gentleman from New York across the way
—itis not parliamentary to call members by name,
but I allude to the gentleman who was once the
mayor of New York city [Mr. Fernando Wood]
—alluded to my " having descended to this glad-
iatorial arena as a pai tisan." The gentleman did
not know the place to which lie was commis-
sioned. This is now no "gladiatorial arena." It
may have been so in former times, when men with
weapons in their hands sought to prevent others
from expressing their sentiments. That day has
passed away. This is the Hall where assemble
the Representatives of the various States of this
Union, but not as gladiators. They assemble here
as gentlemen, as public men, as statesmen, to
guard faithfully the interests of their country
which aie committed to their cbarge, and to which
they ate solemnly sworn before they enter upon
their duties. I did not suppose that that gentle-
man would indorse my resolution. He will not
think it unkind of me for quoting from a speech
made by him last autumn at Bergen, New Jersey.
In that speech he said :
11 'I here no "-neb thing a«* rebellion under the institu-
tions ii [>on \\ luc.lt ihii Govei anientot tliiM oiuitiy if* founded.
SapsKici' New Yoik rho-e to «ecede3 who flare attempt to
prevent hoi; Vngimu lias the same nylit as New Yoik.''
* * * "Itis the duty ot the people now to
jefur-c to «rivc i ma;t oi another dollar for the pur-
pose of canying on the war."
"Suppose," said the gentleman, "that New
York chose to secede, who dare attempt to pre-
vent her?''
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. COLFAX. I will yield if the gentleman
will say that that is a mistake; but cannot yield
for him to argue it.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I desire to say
that it is not only a mistake, but that there is not
the slightest foundation for the statement attrib-
uted to me by tho gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. I read it in the New York
Herald, which I supposed was good authority;
and find U copied in Harper's Weekly lately.
However, 1 take the gentleman's word for it, as
I always take the word of members here. Fie
says his speech was incorrectly reported. Let it
pass.
My colleague from the Terre Haute district
[Mr. Voorhces] also paid his respects to me.
He declared himself in favor ofunlimited freedom
of speech. It was a pretty broad assertion. If
a man should rise in his place here and counsel
the assassination of the President, would my col-
league stand by his doctrine of unlimited freedom
ot speech? I sincerely trust he would not. And
yet the inference and teachings of the speech of
the, gentleman from Ohio were not only to eu-
coutage the assassination of the Republic, but
to encourage the rebels to continue their assas-
sination of the soldiers of the Republic also. My
colleague quoted the inculcations of the Saviour.
To them I have always bowed with respect and
as authority. But when we turn to the sacred
record and look for the doctrine laid down by my
colleague, that unlimited freedom of speech is
divine and God-given, we find the Saviour himself
limiting fiee speech,prohibiting and condemning
profanity as contrary to His law. My colleague
had something to say also about the Helper book.
That is an old story, dug up from the relics of
the past. I was asked if I would give my name,
to recommend a book contrasting the industrial
results of the North and the South, and I said 3res.
That is the whole of it. Among the supposed
extracts read from the book in the ensuing cam-
paign in Indiana, years ago, i found some which
on examination proved to be forgeries, and my
constituents reelected me, after all the chatges, ,
by over three thousand majority; so that that ;
charge is barred out by the statute of limitations. ■
Let it go.
The gentleman from New York, from the Utica
district, [Mr. Kernan,] to whom we always
listen with interest, also criticised me. He said
" the speech ofthe gentleman from Ohio was not
made in the presence of theenemy." I replied
that it was, in the presence of both armies. Nay,
more, it was made in the presence of the on-look-
ing world, for it was not only published in the Con-
gressional Globe, but an abstract of its most im-
portant points went on the wires all over the land.
Nay, more, it has been borne through the lines of
the enemy into the rebel camp, where, before
now, it has given joy and exultation to " the ban-
ditti of man-stealers in Richmond." Ithasgone
forth to strengthen the rebels in their work and to
make them feel they are right.
It is contended by the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Kernan] that-the speech of the gen-
tleman from Ohio does not encourage sedition.
Yes, sir, it does. The riots in New York city,
in Illinois, and in other parts of the country have
been encouraged by just such inculcations as these,
and unrebuked it would sow the seeds of more. I
do not say that that result was intended, for we
cannot'look into the heart of any one; but there
is the speech; it speaks for i tself. The gentleman
from New York also says that a member (and I
took down his words as they fell from his lips)
" has the right, if in favor of the dissolution of the
Union, to express it here; and if we expel him for
it we would violate free discussion." I deny that
position. To advocate the triumph of the rebel-
lion and the destruction of the Union is in defiance
of the oath we have all taken. And to all this
talk about Mr. Conway let it be remembered in
reply that he was not then undfr the obligation
of the new oath prescribed by the last Congress
to forbid any such infidelity to our trust; and, as
we all know, this is the first Congress in which
members have been under the weighty obligations
of this oath, so wide and broad in its scope and
so stringent in its patriotic requirements. Tho
oath declares—
'•That I have voluntarily given no aid, countenance,
counsel, nor encouiajrcincnt to persons engaged m armed
hostility to the United States; tint I have not yielded a
voluntaiy support to any pretended government, authority,
power, or constitution within the United States hostile or
inimical thereto."
And this is plainly a continuing oath, binding
on us every day we sit here; so that if we violate
it to-day we ought not to sit here, under that oath,
to-morrow. Now comes tho part of the oath
which looks to what we shall do in the future:
"That to the best of my knowledge and ability t will
suppou and defend the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foicign and domcshc; that I Will beat
true faith and allegiance \o the same," &e.
I deny that a man who is in favor of a disso-
lution of the Union can jightfully sit here under
that oath. He does not boar tiue allegiance to
the Government against all enemies, foreign and
domestic, if he declares in favor of a dissolution
of the Union.
Mr. Speaker, it was gratifying to hear tho gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] speak of
his devotion to the right of free speech. It is
good to hear that his party is to be hereafter in
favor of free speech. I pass over all the sad rec-
ord ofthe past. Can we forget the virtual ex-
pulsion of the venerable gentleman from Ohio,
Joshua R. Giddings, fiom these Halls for offering
resolutions expressing his opinion as to whether
American slavery did or did not exist in Ameri-
can ships on the high seas outside of our State or
national limits? That was all. He was censured
for this expression by a vote of the House, but
he felt that he was virtually expelled, and he re-
signed. That was done under the previous ques-
tion. Can we foigct the bludgeoning ofthe dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts, Mr.
Sumner, in the other end of the Capitol, because
he stood up there, and in debate spoke freely his
opinions ? Can we forget the Democratic votes
in this Hall against expelling or censuring the
members who had inflicted this barbarity upon
him? Hencefoith we are (old we are to have a
different creed in the Democratic party. Let us
all hope gentlemen on the other side will not eon-
fine their new doctrine of free speech to those who
shall speak in favor of a dissolution of the Union
only, which seems just now exclusively the case.
Mr. ROGERS. "I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. COLFAX. I cannot now, for lack of
time.
Mr. ROGERS again rose, and was prevented
from speaking by calls to "Order."
