1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Hickey, its
Chief Clerk, announced that the Senate had passed
an act (S. No. 85) to providefor the examination
of certain officers of the Army; and an act(S. No.
100) authorizing the holding of a special session
of the United States district court for the district
of Indiana; in which he was directed to ask the
concurience of the House.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
fifteen minutes past five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 11, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON NAVAL SUPPLIES.
Mr. HALE. I am directed by the select com-
mittee on naval supplies to offer the following
resolution; which 1 wish to have considered now:
Resolved, That the select committee of the Senate on
naval supplies have leave to sit during the sessions of the
Senate.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON MANUFACTURES.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of the following- Senators as the Com-
mittee on Manufactures under the resolution yes-
terday:
Mr. Sprague, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Riddle, Mr.
"Wilkinson, and Mr. Hendricks.
PETITIONS AND MEMOIHALS.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Joshua C. Brown, piaying that he may be au-
thorized to locale upon and acquire title to cer-
tain parcels of lands in Utah and Nevada Terri-
tories upon the same terms and conditions that
he could acquire title thereto if such lands were
open to private entry and could be purchased at
private sale; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a memorial ofa com-
mittee of the Board of Trade of Baltimore, Mary-
land, piaying that the amount of lax upon leaf
tobacco may be accompanied with a correspond-
ing drawback on exportation; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the memo-
rial of Edward De Rue, praying that proper fen-
cing masters maybe appointed to instruct officers
and privates of the Army in the use of their aims;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. W1LSON presented a petition of citizens of
Newton, Massachusetts, praying that the father,
mother, and sister of Lieutenant, Eber White,
who was murdered by John Southron and his son
at Benedict, Maryland, on the 20th of October,
1S63, while recruiting colored troops, may receive
a portion of the proceeds of the estate that is liable
to confiscation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented the memorial of Henry
Charles De Alma, praying an investigation into
the causes of his being deprived of his rank and
pay as colonel of volunteers in the United States
service; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
He also presented a memorial of the Suffolk
Medical Society of Massachusetts, signed by the
president, D. Humphreys Storer, and by the sec-
retary, David W. Cheever, praying for the pas-
sage of the ambulance bill now before Congress,
and that hereafter belligerents should regard sur-
geons and their assistants and the men of an
ambulance department while engaged in their hu-
mane calling, as inviolable in their persons and
property, and never, save under extraordinary
circumstances, to be retained as prisoners of war;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of men
and women of the United States, praying for the
speedy and universal emancipation of all persons
of African descent held to involuntary service or
labor in the United States; which was referred to
the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
Mr. ANTHONY. I present a memorial of
boatswains, gunners, carpenters, and sail makers,
warrant officers of the Navy, asking that some defi-
nitcrankbe assigned to them. The memorial sets
forth that they are intrusted with grave, respons-
ible duties, frequently with military authority
over the crew, and that in emergencies sometimes
the actual command of a vessel may devolve on
them. They ask that for five years'service they
may rank with ensigns; after five years, with
masters; and that after faithfully serving the coun-
try ten years they may receive a commission not
in conflict with the present commissioned officers.
I move that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
ALMOND D. FISK.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, to
whom were referred the papeis in the case of
Phoebe Ann Fisk, widow of Almond D. Fisk,de-
ceased, to report a bill for her relief, and by in-
struction of the committee I ask that the bill be
now considered.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 112)
for the relief of the heirs of Almond IJ. Fisk, de-
ceased, was read twice, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
Phoebe Ann Fisk, as executrix of Almond D.
Fisk, deceased, who obtained a patent for a new
and useful improvement in coffins, dated Novem-
ber 14, 1848, for fourteen years, which has now
expired, to a'pply, to the Commissioner of Patents
for an extension'of the patent for seven years,
under the rules and regulations now in force for
the extension of patents, as if she bad made ap-
plication previous to its expiiation as required by
law; and the Commissioner is to investigate and
decide the application for extension on the same
evidence and in the same manner as other appli-
cations for extension are decided, notwithstand-
ing the surrender and reissue of March 6, 1860;
but the application for extension is to be made
within thnty days from the approval of the act,
and the decision of the Commissioner is to be
rendered within ninety days from the filing of the
application in the Patent Office. Nothing con-
tained m the bill is to be so construed as to hold
responsible in damages any persons who may
have manufactured coffins containing Fisk's im-
provement between the expiration of the,patent
and the approval of the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there a report accom-
panying the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a former
report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear that
repot t.
Mr. HOWE. Let me explain to the Senator
from Illinois that this bill is one which was re-
poited by the same committee at the last session
of Congress, and passed the Senate then. The
committee report back the same bill, and they
make the same report they did then. If the Sena-
tor wants to hear that report read, very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That will state the case,
I suppose.
Mr. HOWE. It does state the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will be
read.
The Secretary read a report made by Mr. Sauls-
bury on the 34th of January, J8G3, from which it
appears that Almond D. Fisk received a patent on
the 14th of November, 1848, as the inventor of a
metallic coffin, or burial case; that after the issue
of the patent, and to enable him to commence the
manufacture of those cases, he erected buildings
and provided machinery at an expense of over
ten thousand dollars; that in the fall of 1849 these
buildings were in the night time destroyed by fire,
together with ncailyall his machinery, tools, and
the cases in process of finishing; that by this ca-
lamity Fisk lost Ins entire capital, and by expo-
sure at the time of the fire he took a severe cold,
from the effects of which he died in the month of
October, 1850, leaving a widow, this petitioner,
and four infant children.
After the fire, and before the death of Fisk, he
boirowed about the sum of fifteen thousand dol-
lars to enable him to erect other buildings and
procure other machinery, stock, &c., to secure
the payment of which sum he mortgaged his pat-
ent and buildings in course of erection, machin-
ery, and stock. In September, 1850, he put tlve
mortgagees into possession of the mortgaged prop-
erty. The assignees of the original mortgagees,
surrendered the patent and obtained a reissue.©#
the 6th day of March, I860, for the remainder-of
the term it had to run. Before the expifauon-oi'
the term, the petitioner applied to the Commis-
sioner of Patents for an extension of the patent
for seven years, as it stood upon the record; hut
the Commissioner decided that he could not fcsc-
tend the reissued patent of 1860. This dec t§n
was made only a few days before the expirstifrB
of the original patent, so that sufficient ticne
not left to give the required notice of application
for its extension.
It appears from the evidence that the invention
has been valuable to the public and profitable to
the assignees, but that the widow and children of
Fisk have never received any benefit therefrom,
with the exception of a small sum as a gratuity
from the assignees.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would rather b ve this
bill postponed for a few days. There may bead-
verse parties who are not aware that thi# bill ia
now pending.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot object, of course, to its
postponement if it is insisted upon; but I think
after all we had batter pass the bill now. i know
there are adverse parties; but I suppose the con-
test must arise before the Commissioned of Pat-
ents. I so understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it had better arise
here before we suffer the bill to pass.
Mr. HOWE. If there were any doubt about
the bill being right, of course I would not object
to its going over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made it must go over under the rule.
Mr. HOWE. If it is desired to examine it, I
have no objection to its going over. It is too late,
however, 1 apprehend, for a single objection to
carry the bill over under the rule.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it for?
Mr. HOWE. A patent burial case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
a single objection carries it over. The bill has
had its second leading to-day, and cannot have a
third reading if objection is made.
Mr. HOWE. The Chair asked if there was
any objection to the consideration of the bill at
this time, and none was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The firstqucstion
was whether there was any objection to the sec-
ond readingof the bill to-day, and, likeevery other
bill, it was then subject to an objection, and if an
objection was made it could not have a third read-
ing on the same day. ltgoes over now,objection
being made.
COURTS IN CALIFORNIA AND OREGON.
Mr.CONNESS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up Senate bill No. 51, which has been
reported by the Judiciary Committee with amend-
ments. It will not take a very long time to con-
sider it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 51) amendatory of and supple-
mentary to an act to provide circuit courts for
the districts of California and Oregon, and for
other purposes, approved March 3, 18113. It di-
rects that a term of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for the districts in California shall be
held in San Francisco on the first Mondays of Feb-
ruary , Juno, and October, of each year; and in
the city of Monterey on the first Mondays of
April, August, and September of each year; and
that a term of the circuit court for the State of
Oregon shall be held at Portland on the first Mon-
days of January, May, and September of each
year. Each term is to continue* until the fourth
Saturday after its commencement, inclusive, un-
less all the cases ready for trial or hearing be
soonerdisposed of. If all the cases ready for trial
or hearing be not disposed of, the term may be
continued as much longer as, in the opinion of the
court, the public interest shall require.
Whenever the circuit judge is absent, or, from
any cause, is unable to hold a term of the circuit
court, it is to be the duty of the district judge of
the district to hold such term. No term of the
circuit court in one district of the tenth circuit is
to be deemed to be ended from the commence-
ment of a term in another district, A circuit court
