APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3Sth Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Another year of health, and of sufficiently
abundant harvests, has passed. For these, and
especially for the improved condition of our na-
tional affairs, our renewed and profoundest grati-
tude to God is due.
We remain in peace and friendship with foreign
Powers.
The efforts of disloyal citizens of the United
States to involve us in foreign wars, to aid an in-
excusablemsurrectton, have been unavailing. Her
Britannic Majesty's Government, as was justly
expected, have exercised their authority to pre-
vent the departure of new hostile expeditions
from British ports. The Emperor of France has,
by a like proceeding, promptly vindicated the
neutrality which he proclaimed at the beginning
of the contest. Questions of great intricacy and
importance have arisen, out of the blockade and
other belligerent operations, between the Govern-
ment and several of the maritime Powers, but they
have been discussed, and, as far as was possible,
accommodated in a spun of frankness, justice,
and mutual good will. J t is especially gratifying
that our prize courts, by the impartiality of their
adjudications, have commanded the respect and
confidence of maritime Powers.
The supplemental treaty between the United
States and Great Britain for the suppression of
the African slave trade, made on the 17th day of
February last,has been duly ratified,and carried
into execution. It is believed that, so far as
American poits and American citizens are con-
cerned, that inhuman and odious traffic has been
brought to an end.
I shall submit, for the consideration of the
Senate, a convention for the adjustment of pos-
sessory claims in Washington Territory,arising
out of the treaty of the loth June, 1846, between
the United States and Gceat Britain, and which
have been the source of some disquiet among the
citizens of that now rapidly improving part of
the country.
A novel and important question, involving the
extent of the maritime jurisdiction of Spain in
the waters winch surround the island of Cuba,
has been debated without reaching an agreement,
and it is proposed, 111 an amicable spirit, to refer
it to the arbitrament of a friendly Power. A
convention for that purpose will be submitted to
the Senate.
I have thought it proper, subject to the approval
of the Senate, to concur with the interested com-
mercial Powers m an arrangement for the liquida-
tion of the Scheldt dues upon the principles which
have been heretofore adopted in regard to the im-
posts upon navigation in the waters of Denmark.
Tholong-pendingcontroversy between thisGov-
crnment and that of Chili, touching the seizure at
Sitana, in Peru, by Chilian officers, of a large
amount in treasure belonging to citizens of the
United States, has boon brought to a close by the
New Series—No. 1.
award of his Majesty the King of the Belgians, to
whose arbitration the question was referred by
the parties. The subject was thoroughly and pa-
tiently examined by that justly respected magis-
trate, and, although the sum awarded to the claim-
ants may not have been as large as they expected,
there is no reason to distrust the wisdom of his
Majesty's decision. That decision was prom ptly
complied with by Chili, when intelligence in re-
gard to it reached that country.
The joint commission, under the act of the last
session, for carrying into effect the convention
with Peru on the subject of claims, has been or-
ganized at Lima, and is engaged in the business
intrusted to it.
Difficulties concerning intcr-oceanic transit
through Nicaragua arc in course of amicable
adjustment.
In conformity with principles set forth in my
last annual message, I have received a represent-
ative from the United States of Colombia, and
hffve accredited a minister to that republic.
Incidents occurring in the progress of ourcivil
war have forced upon my attention the uncertain
stateof international questions touching the rights
of foreigners in this country and of United Slates
citizens abroad. In regard to some Governments
these rights are at least partially defined by
treaties. In no instance, however, is it expressly
stipulated that, in the event of civil war, a for-
eigner residing in this country, within the lines
of the insurgents, is to be exempted from the rule
which classes him as a belligerent, in whose be-
half the Government of his country cannot ex-
pect any privileges or immunities distinct from
that character. I regret to say, however, that
such claims have been put forward, and, in some
instances, in behalf of foreigners who have lived
in the United States the greater part of theirlives.
There is reason to believe that many persons
born in foreign countries, who have declared their
intention to become citizens, or who have been
fully naturalized, have evaded the military duty
required of them by denying the fact, and there-
by throwing upon the Government the burden of
proof. It has been found difficult or impractica-
ble to obtain this proof, from the want of guides
to the proper sources of information. These
might be supplied by requiring clerks of courts,
where declarations of intention may be made or
naturalizations effected, to send, periodically,
lists of the names of the persons naturalized, or
declaring their intention to become citizens, to the
Secretary of the Interior, in whose Department
those names might be arranged and printed for
general information.
There is also reason to believe that foreigners
frequently become citizens of the United States
for the sole purpose of evading duties imposed by
the laws of their native countries, to which, on
becoming naturalized here, they at once repair,
and, though never returning to the United States,
they still claim the interposition of this Govern-
ment as citizens. Many altercations and great
prejudices have heretofore arisen out of this abuse.
It is, therefore, submitted to your serious consid-
eration. It might be advisable to fix a limit, be-
yond which no citizen of the United States resid-
ing abroudi may claim the interposition of his
Government.
The right of suffrage has often been assumed*
and exercised by aliens, und^r pretenses of nat-
uralization, which they have disavowed wh'er*
drafted into the military service. I submit the ex-
pediency of such an amendment of the law as will
make the fact of voting an estoppel against any
plea of exemption from military service, or other
civil obligation, on the ground of alienage.
In common with othei western Powers, our re-
lations with Japan have been brought into serious
jeopardy, through the perverse opposition of the
hereditary aristocracy of the empire to the en-
lightened and libera] policy of the Tycoon, de-
signed to bring the country into the society of
nations. It is hoped, although not with entire
confidence, that these difficulties may be peace-
fully overcome. 1 ask your attention to the claim
of the minister residing there for the damages he
sustained m the destruction by fire of the resi-
dence of the legation at Yedo.
Satisfactory arrangements have been made with
the Emperor of Russia, which,it is believed, will
result in effecting a continuous line of telegraph
through that empire from our Pacific coast.
I recommend to your favorable consideration
the subject of an international telegraph across the
Atlantic ocean; and also of a telegraph between this
capital and the national fort# along thfe Atlantic
seaboard and the Gulf of Mexico. Such communi-
cations, established with any reasonable outlay,
would be economical as well as effective aids to the
diplomatic, military, and naval service.
The consular system of the United States^ un-
der the enactments of the last Congress, begins to
be self-sustaining; and there is reason to hope that
it may become entirely so, with the increase of
trade which will ensu« wheneverpeaceis restored.
Our ministers abroad have been faithful in de-
fending American rights. In protecting commer-
cial interests, our consuls have necessarily had to
encounter increased labors and responsibilities,
growingoutofthe war. These they have, forthe
most part, met and discharged with zeal and effi-
ciency. This acknowledgment justly includes
those consuls who, residing in Morocco, Egypt,
Turkey, Japan, China, and other Oriental coun-
tries, are charged with complex functions and
extraordinary powers.
The condition of the several organized Terri-
tories is generally satisfactory, although Indian
disturbances in New Mexico have not been en-
tirely suppressed. The mineral resources of Col-
orado, Nevada, Idaho, New Mexico, and Arizona
are proving far richer than has been heretofore
understood. I lay before you a communication
on this subjcct from the Governor of New Mex-
ico. I again submit to your consideration the
expediency of establishing a system for the en-
couragement of immigration. Although this
source of national wealth and strength is again
flowing with greater freedom than for several
years before the insurrection occurred, there is
still a great deficiency of laborers in every field
of industry, especially in agriculture and in our
mines, as well of iron and coal as of the pre-
cious metals. While the demand for labor is thus*
