1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$5,000; and the districtjudge of the southern dis-
trict of California had a salary of $3,500. Oar
State judges in Oregon receive a salary of §2,500,
payable in gold. That is higher than the district
judge of that district receives when you take into
consideration the difference between gold and
greenbacks. His salary being paid in Govern-
ment currency, it falls below $2,000 in gold, while
our Statejudgcs receive $2,500. If, however, the
judges in California receive only $3,000,1 do not
think myself we should ask that the judge of Ore-
gon should receive any more. My understanding
is that the judge in the northern district of Cali-
fornia receives §5,000; the judge of the southern
district §3,500.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the judge of the
northern district of California at present receives
$6,000. It was $5,000 previous to 1860, when ail
act was passed increasing the salary. It will be
remembered that the business of that district is
very large. As for taking the southern district
of California in comparison with the district of
Oregon or any other, I do not think it will do very
well, because I am of opinion myself that we
should have no southern district in California. I
think that one districtin the State is enough, and
that we are paying one salary too much in that
State. I shall very gladly support a bill that shall
give us one district there instead of two. I have
not felt disposed to introduce such a bill, because
it might be interpreted asagainst myselfasa stroke
against the gentleman who is occupying the posi-
tion of judge in that district, for whom I have a
great deal of respect and consideration. So much
on the subject of salary.
The Vl'CE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon.
Theamcndnient wasnotagreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes nine, noes not counted.
Mr. CONNESS. I have one more amendment
to offer to the sixth section. It will be observed
the compensation of the clerk of the northern dis-
trict of the circuit courtis fixed at double the fees
and emoluments allowed to the cleikof the south-
ern district of New York for like services. I want
to change the verbiage there by simply striking
out all after the word " double" in the fourth line
and directing attention to the act under which
compensation is allowed by inserting the words
" the fees and the compensation allowed by the
act entitled 'An act to regulate the fees and costs
to be allowed the clerks, marshals, and attorneys
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and for other purposes,'approved Feb-
ruary 26, 1853." I propose theamendmentsim-
ply to make it more specific.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 will suggest to the Senator
from California, in case of the repeal or modifi-
cation of that act relating to the district in New
York 
Mr. CONNESS. This does not repeal any-
thing.
Mr. HOWARD, But in case that law should
be repealed, what would be the rule in regard to
the court in California?
Mr. CONNESS. We shall have to take care
of that m the future. It is more specific in this
language, because it refers to the title of the act,
than it is in the bill as it now stands, and we pre-
fer it to the language of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. But suppose that act that
you incorporate in this bill should be repealed ?
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend that will not
occur. Wo are willing to take risk on that. It
would not affect this act at any rate. It allows
the clerk the fees provided by a specific act named,
and even if it were repealed I do not think it would
affect this measure.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not looked into the
act to see what the effect of this amendment will
be; but I should like to inquire of the Senator
from California whether the fees fixed by the act
of 1853 are the same as are now allowed to the
clerk of the southern district of New York?
Mr. CONNESS. They are the same fees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I have no objection
to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
POST ROADS IN NEW JERSEY.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads had referred to them some
days ago a bill (S. No. 102) to establish certain
post roads, and to regulate commerce among the
States, and for ot^pr purposes. It is a bill involv-
ing the exercise of large powers, and raises the
question of the conflict of jurisdiction between
tne United .States and the State authority in
relation to roads, involving large constitutional
questions. The Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads find no occasion for any action on
the subject in relation to their department, be-
cause by law now every railroad is made a mail
route. The railroads, then, being mail routes, we
have no further occasion to act upon the bill. I
am therefore instructed by the committee to ask
that they be discharged from the further consid-
eration of this bill, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, to which the ques-
tion belongs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the bill is. I have no objection to the dis-
charge of the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads that I know of; but I should like to know
what bill it is that is being sent to the Judiciary
Committee. That committee is not certainly or-
ganized for the purpose of giving legal opinions.
Mr. COLLAMER. We get them from you
pretty often.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the title of the bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title will be
read.
The Secretary. A bill to establish certain
post roads, and to regulate commerce among the
States, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill to establish post roads
certainly has no business before the Committee
on the Judiciary. The bill relates also it seems
to commerce. The bill then certainly belongs to
the Post Office Committee or to the Committee on
Commerce. Surely the Committee on the Judi-
ciary has nothing to do with it, and I object to its
taking any such disposition. Manifestly a bill
relating to post roads belongs to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Itoads; and there is no-
body in the Senate, I am sure, betler capable of
framing a bill in reference to post roads, so as not
to inteifere with the conflicting jurisdiction of
New Jersey or of other States, thaii the very able
Senator from Vermont who has had charge of this
bill. I am quite sure that the Senate would ha\e
as, much confidence in the result of his examina-
tion into a bill of that character as they would in
any other member of the Senate. I object to its
going to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLLAMER. I had hoped to save the
time of the Senate in making the brief statement
I did; but as the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary seems to object to the reference of
this bill to that committee, I must occupy more
time.
It seems, Mr. President, that in the early his-
tory of railroads in this country, the State of New
Jersey granted a charter for a railroad all within
that State from Camden toAmboy,and to induce
them to make the road they provided that no
other road should be granted without their con-
sent, whichshould interfere with thecarrymgbusi-
ness between New Yorkand Philadelphia through
that State. Subsequently they granted another
road, with the consent of the Camden and Am-
boy load, which is now much used, the Trenton
road. Afterwards they made two other raih-oads,
subject to this sameprovision in their grant; that
is, they granted a road from Camden directly east
to Atla#tic City; and another one from somewhere
down upon the New York bay within their own
State to join with the Delaware bay. They cross
each other. During this war there have been
some troops and munitions of war conveyed by
that route been New Yorkand Philadelphia, com-
ing down through New Yoik bay by steamboat
about twenty miles, then taking this road till it
strikes the Atlantic road, and then following that
road to Camden. The chancellor of that State
has, I believe, granted an injunction upon that
route against carrying between those two States,
as being in contravention of the grant to the Cam-
dem and Amboy road.
This bill seems to be somewhat complicated in
its purposes. It invokes the exercise of the power
of Congress to regulate commerce between the
States. It invokes the-exercise of the power of
Congress in relation to the making of military
roads, and also of mail routes. 11 proposes to de-
clare that circuitous road by way of the Atlantic
road a highway of the United States, a mail
route, and I do not know but a military route, in
the exercise of these various, different powers of
Congress. Great questions arise whether the
power of Congress to regulate commerce between
the States extends to the regulating of the railroads
within a State different from the provisions of the
State authority, interfering with that authority,
or controlling it in the view of preventing mo-
nopoly; in short, involving the gre^t questions of
conflicting jurisdiction, the largest we have ever
had before us, between the States and the General
Government in relation to concerns within the
body of the Sfhte itself.
Now, Mr. President, so far as the bill relates
to mail routes, I before said, and I now state again,
that we have a general statute which makes every
railroad a mail route.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
pardon the Chair. It becomes the duty of the
Chair at this hour to call up the special order. If
there be no objection upon the part ofthe Senate,
however, the Chair will proceed with the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let us dispose of this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the Senator will proceed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say so far as the bill re-
lates to mail routes nothing is necessary to be
done. The general law has provided for all that
is wanted in relation to the mails on any road.
Every railroad is declared a mail route, and that
is all we can do with it.
But that is not what the bill desires. It pro-
poses a settlement of the great question whether
a State can create what they call a monopoly with-
in the State itself, or whether Congress can have
the control of that subject under the exercise of
the various powers contained in the Constitution,
and the exercise of which is invoked by the pres-
ent bill. They are greatand important questions,
and they are judicial and legal and constitutional
questions, not lelating to the Post Office at all. I
think it properly belongs to the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and I have been directed by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads to ask to have it
referred there. Because of their direction, I do
ask to have it so referred, and I think it a very
reasonable request.
Heretofore it has been the usual rule for the
chairmen of committees in the two Houses of Con-
gress to watch and see to it that none of their
business was sent away from them; to see that
they magnified and justified their own jurisdic-
tion, and laid claim to all that could properly be-
long to them. This bill properly undoubtedly
belongs to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the cliairman of that committee, instead of trying
to get rid of it, should take it magnanimously and
consider it, as it belongs to him. As to what is
said in relation to myself and my committee that
we are competent to consider all questions of this,
kind, I merely say I do not disclaim that. I have
not the exceeding modesty to disclaim it at all;
but 1 would say this: this body has selected an-
other boardjor that purpose, and did not put me
on it, and I do not therefore think it proper to
urideitake a duty of that kind to which I have
never been selected by the body, however much
I ought to have been. I leave that as another
question entirely. I hope, Mr. President, the
subject may take its proper direction.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the Senate to tnlc.q
°PMr. COLLAMER. Let this question first be
disposed of and referred to the Committee on the-
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask a division of
that question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division of the-
question is asked. The first question, then, is on
discharging the Committee oil Post Offices an(t
Post Roads from the further consideration of the
bill. The second question will be on referring it
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, this is " a bill
to establish post roads and to regulate commerce
among the States, and for other puiposes." The
whole subject-matter oftbe bill is theestablishment
of a postal and military road through the State of
