APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December R,
38th Com... 1st Sess.
Message, of. the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
increased here, tens of thousands of persons, des-
titute of remunerative occupation, are thronging
our foreign consulates, and offering to emigrate
to the United States if essential, but very cheap,
assistance can be afforded them. It is easy to see
that, under the sharp discipline of civil war, the
nation is beginning a new life. This noble effort
demands the aid, and ought to receive the atten-
tion and support, of the Government.
Injuries,unforeseen by the Governmentand un-
intended, may, in some cases, have been inflicted
on the subjects or citizens of foreign countries,
both at seaand on land, by persons in the service
of the United States. As this Government ex-
pects redress from other Powers when similar
injuries are inflicted by persons in their service
upon citizens of the United States, we must be
prepared to do justice to foreigners. If the ex-
isting judicial tribunals are inadequate to this
purpose, a special court may be authorized, with
power to hear and decide such claims of the char-
acter referred to as may have arisen under trea-
ties and the public law. Conventions for adjust-
ing the claims by joint commission have been
proposed to some Governments, but no definite
answer to the proposition has yet been received
from any.
lri the course of the session, I shall probably
have occasion to request you to provide indemni-
fication to claimants where docrees of restitution
have been rendered and damages awarded by
admiralty courts; and jn other cases, where this
Government may be acknowledged to be liable in
principle, and where the amount of that liability
has been ascertained by an informal arbitration.
The proper officers of the Treasury have deemed
themselves required, by the law of the United
States upon the subject, to demand a tax upon
the incomes of foreign consuls in this country.
"While such a demand may not, in stuctness, be
in derogation of public law, or perhaps of any
existing treaty between the United States and a
foreign country, the expediency of so far modify-
ing the actus to exempt fiom tax the income of
such consuls as uie not citizens of the United
Slates, derived from the emoluments of their of-
fice, or Irom property not situated in the United
States, is submitted to your serious consideration.
I make this suggestion upon the ground that a
comity which ought to be reciprocated exempts
our consuls, in all other countries, from taxation
to the extent thus indicated. The United States,
i think, ought not to be exceplionably illiberal
to international trade and commerce.
The operations of the Treasury during the last
year have hoeu successfully conducted. The en-
actment by Congress of a national banking law
lias proved a valuable support of the public credit;
and t^e general legislation in relation to loans has
fully answered the expectations of its favorers.
Some amendments may be required to perfectox-
isting laws; but no change in their principles or
geneial scope is believed to be needed.
Since these measures have been in operation,
all demands on the Treasury, including the pay
of the Army and Navy, have been promptly met
and fully satisfied. No considerable body of
Uoops, it is believed, wen; ever more amply pro-
vided, and more libei ally and punctually paid; and
it may bf added that by no people were the bur-
dens incident to a great wai ever more cheerfully
borne.
The leceipts during tho year from all sources,
including loans and -the balance m the Treasury
at us commencement, were $901,125,674 86, and
the aggregate disbursements $895,790,630 65,
leaving a balance on the 1st of July, 1863, of
$5,329,044 21. Of the receipts there were de-
rived irom customs $09,059,042 40; from inter-
nal revenue, $37,640,7fe>7 95; from direct tax,
$1,485,103 61; from lands, $167,617 17; from
miscellaneous sources, $3,046,615 35; and from
loans, $776,682,361 57; making the aggregate,
$901,125,674 86. Of the disbursements there were
for the civil service, $23,253,922 08; for pensions
and Indians, $4,216,520 79; for interest on pub-
lic debt, $24,729,846 51; for the War Depart-
ment, $599,298,600 83; fortheNavy Department,
$63,211,105 27; for payment of funded and tem-
porary debt, $181,086,635 07; making the aggre-
gate, $895,796,630 65, and leaving the balance of
$5,329,044 21. Rut the payment of funded and
temporary debt, having been made fiom moneys
borrowed during the year, must be regarded as
merely nominal payments, and the moneys bor-
rowed to make them as merely nominal receipts;
and their amount, $181,086,635 07, should there-
fore be deducted both from receipts and disburse-
ments. This being done, there remains as actual
receipts $720,039,039 79; and the actual disburse-
ments, $714,709,995 58, leaving the balance as
already stated.
The actual receipts and disbursements for the
first quarter, and the estimated receipts and dis-
bursements for the remaining three quarters, of
the current fiscal year 1864, will be shown in de-
tail by the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, to which 1 invite your attention. It is suf-
ficient to say here that it is not believed that actual
results will exhibit a state of the finances less
favorable to the country than the estimates of that
officer heretofore submitted; while it is confidently
expected that at the close of the year both dis-
bursements and debt will be found very consid-
erably less than has been anticipated.
The report of the Secretary of War is a docu-
ment of great interest. It consists of—
1. The military operations of the year, detailed
in the report of the General-in-Chief.
2. The organization of colored persons into
the war service.
3. The exchange of ptisoners, fully set forth
in the letter of General Hitchcock.
4. The operations under the act for enrolling
and calling out the national forces, detailed in the
report of the Provost Marshal General.
5. The organization of the invalid corps; and
6. The operation of the several departments of
the Quartermaster General, Commissary General,
Paymaster General, Chief of Engineeis, Chief of
Oidnance, and Surgeon General.
It has appeared impossible to make a valuable
summary of this report except such as would be
too extended for this place, and hence I content
myself by asking your careful attention to the
leport itself.
The duties devolving on the naval branch of the
service dtu ing the year, and throughout the whcfle
of this unhappy contest, have been discharged
with fidelity and eminent success. The extensive
blockade has been constantly increasing in ef-
ficiency, as the Navy has expanded; yet on so
long a line ithas so far been impossible to entirely
suppress illicit trade. From returns received at
the Navy Department it appears that mom than
one thousand vessels have been captured since
the blockade was instituted, and that the value of
prizes alieady sent in for adjudication amounts to
over thirteen million dollars.
The naval force of the United States consists at
this time of five hundred and eighty-eight vessels,
completed and in the course of completion, and
of these seventy-five me iion-clad oi armored
steamers. The events of the war give an increased
interest and importance to the Navy which will
probably extend beyond the war itself.
The armored vessels in our Navy completed
and in service, or which are under contract and
approaching completion, are believed to exceed
in number those of any other Power. Kut while
these may be relied upon for harbor defense and
coast service, others of greater strength and ca-
pacity will be neccsaaiy !or cruising purposes, and
to maintain our rightful position on the ocean.
The change thathas taken place in naval vessels
and naval warfare since the introduction of steam
as a motive power for ships-of-war, demands
either acorrespondingchange in some ofourexist-
ing navy-yards, or the establishment of new ones,
for the construction and necessary repair of mod-
ern naval vessels. No inconsiderable embarrass-
ment, delay, and public injury have been expe-
rienced from the want of such governmental
establishments. The necessity of such a navy-
yard, so furnished, at some suitable place upon
the Atlantic seaboard, has on repeated occasions
been brought to the attention of Congress by the
Navy Department, and is again presented in the
report of the Secretary which accompanies this
communication. I'think it my duty to invite
your special attention to this subject, and also to
that of establishing a yard and depot for naval
purposes upon one of the western rivers. A
naval force has been created on those interior
waters, and under many disadvantages, within
little more than two years, exceeding in numbers
the whole naval force of the country at the com-
mencementof thepresent Administration. Satis-
factory and important as have been the perform-
ances of the heroic men of the Navy at this
interesting period, they are scarcely more won-
derful than the success of our mechanics and
artisans in the production of war vessels which
has created a new form of naval power.
Our country has advantages superior to any
other nation in our resources of iron and timber,
with inexhaustible quantities of fuel in the im-
mediate vicinity of both, and all available and in
close proximity to navigable waters. Without
the advantage of public works, the resources of
the nation have been developed and its power
displayed in the construction of a navy of such
magnitude, which has, at the very period of its
creation, rendered signal service to the Union.
The increase of the number of seamen in the
public service, from seven thousand five hundred
men in the spring of 1861, to about thirty-four
thousand at the present time, has been accom-
plished without special legislation or extraordi-
nary bounties to promote that increase. Ithas
been found, however, that the operation of the
draft, with the high bounties paid for Army re-
cruits,is beginning to affect injuriously the naval
service, and will, if not corrected, be likely to
impair its efficiency, by detaching seamen from
their propei vocation and inducing them to enter
the Army. I therefore respectfully suggest that
Congress might aid both the Army and naval
services by a definite provision on this subject,
which would at the same time be equitable to the
communities more especially interested.
I commend to your consideration the sugges-
tions of the Secretary of the Navy in regard to
the policy of fostering and training seamen, and
also the education of officers and engineers for the
naval service. The Naval Academy is rendering
signal service in preparing midshipmen for the
highly responsible duties which in after-life they
will be required to perform. In order that the
country should not be deprived of the proper
quota of educated officers for which legal provis-
ion has been made at the Naval School, the vacan-
cies caused by the neglect or omission to make
nominations from the States in insurrection have
been filled by the Secretary of the Navy. The
School is now more full and complete than atany
former period, and in every respect entitled to the
favorable consideration of Congress.
During the past fiscal year the financial condi-
tion of the Post Office Department has been one
of increasing prosperity, and I am gratified in
being able to state that the actual postal revenue
has nearly equaled the entire expenditures; the
latter amounting to $11,314,206 84, and the former
to $11,163,789 59, leaving a deficiency of but
$150,417 25. In I860, the year immediately pre-
ceding the rebellion, the deficiency amounted to
$5,656,705 49, the postal receipts of that year
being $2,645,722 19 less than those of 1863. The
deciease since I860 m the annual amount of trans-
portation has been only about 25 per cent., but
the annual expenditure on account of the same
has been reduced 35 per cent. Jt is manifest,
therefore, that the Post Office Department may be-
come self-sustaining in a few years, even with the
re&toiation of the whole service.
The international Conference of postal dele-
gates from tho principal countries of Europe and
America, which was called at the suggestion ofthc
Postmaster General, met at Paris on the 11th of
May last, and concluded its deliberations on the
8th of June. The principles established by the
conference as best adapted to facilitate postal in-
tercourse between nations, and as the basis of fu-
ture postal conventions, inaugurate a general sys-
tem of uniform international charges, at reduced
i rates of postage, and cannot fail to produce berie-
! ficial results.
1 refer you to the report of the Secretary of the
Interior, which is herewith laid before you, for
useful and varied information in relation to the
public lands, Indian affairs, patents, pensions,
i and other matters of public concern pertaining to
his Department.
The quantity of land disposed of during the last
and the first quarter of the present fiscal years was
