THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
New Jersey. I think it is now before the commit-
tee to which it properly, iamy judgment, belongs,
and I hope it may remain in that committee. I
do not think it is a question that should be re-
ferred to the Judiciary.Committee. Every matter
touching this bill is a matter for the proper con-
sideration of the Committee on Post Offices and
PostRoads; and even should constitutional ques-
tions arise, growing out of the establishment of
this or any other road as a post road, that com-
mittee certainly areas competent to settle it as the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The Judiciary Committee is not organized for
the purpose of settling legal questions that may
arise in othei* committees. That is not the pur-
pose, in my judgment, of its organization. Each
committee of this House, when a proper subject-
matter is referred to then), should settle all the legal
questions arising upon it. The idea of sendinga
bill establishing post roads to the Judiciary Com-
mittee is certainly to me a novel kind of proceed-
ing. I think it is now before the proper commit-
tee and the only committee to whom it should
have gone. I think they should retain the bill,
and make their report upon it; and I know of no
committee in this Senate more competent to dis-
charge that duty than the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads. Even weie the gravest
constitutional questions to arise upon it I know
.of no chairman of a committee better competent
to settle them than the honorable Senator from
Vermont, the chairman of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads. 1 hope that this bill may
be allowed to remain with the Committee on I>ost
Offices. #nd Post Roads, and that it may not be
sent to the Judiciary Committee. In my judg-
ment the Judiciary Committee have nothing to
do with it,, and should nut have.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no knowledge of this
bill except that derived from a very cursory read-
ing of Hand, what I understand to be its title. It
has three substantial provisions: one of them re-
lates to commerce, another relates to military
matters, and the third relates to the PostOiTice De-
partment. ft may be Uue, and certainly is true,
that each one of those subjects when it is before
the Senate very often presents a legal inquiry. No
legal questions are mure frequently presented than
those which are involved in all financial ptopoai-
tions. So in Post Oiftce propositions; and so in
military propositions. 1 undeistand the honor-
able chairman in whose hands the whole bill is
supposes that it should go to the Committee on
the Judiciary because of their supposed fitness to
dispose of all merely legal questions, whether those
questions involve the construction of the Consti-
tution or the meaning of any of our statutes. That
cannot bo tiue,as u general proposition, 1 submit
to my honorable fiicnrf from Vermont. All ques-
tions relating to thy judiciary are proper questions
for thp consideration of that committee, because
they do relate to the judiciary. All questions re-
lating to the Post Oftice for the same reason belong
to that committee; and all questions r< luting to
finance or to military matters belong to the re-
spective committees of Finance and Military Af-
fairs. The fact that there are oi may be in all
such measures legal questions is no objection to
the jurisdiction of the icspective committees. If
it was, it is difficult to imagine how any measure
proposing to change the existing law could go to
any olhercommiUee than to the Committee on the
Judiciary. If that were the case the function of
the other committees in the Senate would be atari
end; their vocation would be gone. That cannot
be so.
I understand my friend from Vermont to say
that so far as lelates to that partof the bill which
aflects the Post Oftice establishment by providing
the roads over which the mail is to be earned, the
law which is proposed is unnecessary because it is
still the law. Ln that I have no doubt the Senator
is, as he always is, very correct. That is a very
good reason for reporting against that part of the
bill, and if he reports upon that ground, that it is
unnecessary, if the law is still as it is proposed ■
to make it, and the honorable membertlunks that
committee js not in a condition to dispose of what
maybe termed the mihtaiy part of the bill or the
financial part of the bill, ho has the light, it hav-
ing been referred to luni, and I submit U is the
proper function of the committee when they find
themselves in a condition of that kind, to report
against the whole bill. It can aftei wards be in-
troduced so as to provide for each of the other
two provisions which, as L understand, propose
to incorporate into the law of the United States
that which is not now a part of the law of the
United States.
I agree with the honorable genator from Ver-
mont that there is a question involved in one of
the measures of very great constitutional import-
ance, and perhaps a very great constitutional
difficulty. On that question I do not propose to
commit myself, because really I have no opinion
on the subject; butj^as I understand it, the roads
that are now constructed through New Jersey
have been constructed under the guarantee of a
charter which stipulated that New Jersey should
notat anytime thereafter, orfora period of time,
I forget which 
Mr. COLLAMER. A period of time.
Mr. JOHNSON. For a period of time author-
ize the construction of any other road. It may
be—1 am not prepared, as I have stated, to say
whether it is so or not—it may me that that con-
stituted a contract as between the present roads
and the State which is protected by that clause of
the Constitution of the United States which guards
a State against impairing the obligation of con-
tracts. But there is another question behind
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I beg the gentleman'spar-
don for a moment. The roads that ask our inter-
fcience here now do not claim that they have any
giant by the State inconsistent with those other
grants.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say that I so
understand.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is not a breach of the
contract of the State.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to say, without
looking to tlie load to be affected by this bill, or
what are claimed to be their rights, that ltmay be,
and perhaps is, a very grave question whether a
State can by contract deprive itself of the power
over its own internal improvements in tins way.
1 know that the particular load which is to be
affected by this bill is a road constructed under a
charter which does not present that difficulty.
There is, as I understand, no objection at all to
the validity of that charter.
Mr. COLLAMER. None at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Cut the holders of that char-
ter, or those who may be inteiested in it, al-
though they are willing to have it conceded for
the sake of the argument that the charter under
which they are acting gives no authority to them
to interfere with the exclusive franchise granted to
the antecedent road, believe that that object may
be accomplished by calling upon Congress togive
them the power to do under their charter that
which, without the authority of Congress, they
would be unable to do.
That presents the question I was about to state.
Congiess—it has always been the rcccived doc-
trine, certainly for many years, atany rate—Con-
gress has within the last thirty or forty or fifty
years through evciy branch of the Government
before whom the question has arisen—I mean the
executive and legislative branches of theGoveiu-
ment—denied that there existed in the Govern-
ment of the United States any authority under the
power to establish post olfie* s and post roads
to construct loads. Geneial Jackson took that
ground in his May sville message, and, as far as we
know anything on the subject, certainly Congress
have sanctioned it as the true meaning of that
term. I am not prepared to say itis a true mean-
ing; but it presents a very grave question.
If the power is not to be found under the author-
ity to establish post offices and post raids, the
next question is whether it is to bo found under
the war power. It is, I know, contended that
under the war power whatever is necessmy to
facilitate the operations of the armies of the Uni- i
ted States to bring to a successful termination the
war may be done, however it may conflict with
what otherwise would be the admitted lights of
a State; and that upon the ground of necessity.
That I can undeistand. But one would suppose
that when that necessity is to terminate, whatever
has grown out of the necessity is to die with it,
bccausc otherwise the power to establish roads,
constrict internal impiovements, or do anyihmg
else which is supposed to be involved in the power
to declare and carry on a war becomes a substan-
tial power in the Constitution of the United States,
and controls, not only during the period of the ex-
igency, but during all time, the authority of the
State.
To illustrate: Maryland has constructed, at
very heavy expense, a railroad system. Pennsyl-
vania has constructed her canal system to even a
greater extent, and her railroad system. New
Jersey has done the same thing. New York has
done the saine thing. The great West has done
the same thing at, 1 believe, a still more heavy
expense. If, under this military power, you can
say that any road in New Jersey is to be a mili-
tary road you can say that all railroads in the
country are hefeafter to be military roads, and
take themunderyour own charge; and if, because
of the authority to do thatduring the period which
exists now, because of the necessity which may
be supposed to exist now, of which the Congress
and the Executive can alone judge, you can take
all these roads to yourselves and enlarge the au-
thority which the charters gave, and give to the
corporators powers which the charters did not
give to them, why you make the war power not
a temporary but a continuing source ofauthority.
I have said all that I contemplated saying on
this subject, except this: that I think it would be
better that these two subjects, which are not, as I
admit, legitimately before the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, should be reported to the
Senate, the PostOiTice Committeedischaiged from
their consideration, arid they should be uferred
to their appropiiate committees—the Military
Committee and the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have nothing further to
say, except this: afterall,the remarks of the gen-
tleman, so far as they have been heard, show
most conclusively tfiat this subject is one with
which the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads have nothing in the world to do, relating
to the military power of this Government and the
duty of regulating commerce between the Slates,
it is claimed that that power extends to the regu-
lation of roads within the States. Ail the law
that is needed to make any of these roads post
roads already exists. There is no occasion for
any further law. 1 did not wish, and the com-
mittee did not wish, to make a leport on the mer-
its of other parts of the bill, or to say that we ic-
port entirely against it. If we show there is no
occasion of our having it in our hands for Post
Office purposes, I think we should be discharged
fiom its consideration.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I do not see
why the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads should desire to be relieved from the con-
sideration of this bill. It is certainly prima facie
the proper comimttco to take it into consideration;
and if there be any question of constitutional law
growing out of it 1 am very certain that commit-
tee is as competent to decide that question as any
other committee of this body. I shall, therefore,
vote against the motion to discharge the commit-
tee, because I think the matter belongs to them
appropriately, and that it does not belong to any
oi her committee of the Senate as appropi lately as
to that committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think the gentleman could
not h«ue heard what I said.
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps I did not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I say that so far us the
bill relates to post offices and post roads there is
no occasion foi any action by us on any part of
it at all.
Air. HOWARD. Then I can hardly imagine
why that part of it is here.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no occasion for
our action, because the railroad which if is sug-
gested to make into a mail route is now a mail
toute by law.
Mr. 'HOWARD. Then if it is a mail route
alieady by law what is the use of this bill so far
as it pui ports to make it a mail loute? Why is
it here? "Why icfer it to any committee?
Mr. COLLAMER. Because it contains two
other various and important subjects besides.
Mr. FOSTER. I can see no possible njijec-
tion to discharging the Cornmitlec on Post Offices
and Post Roads. Indeed, I tliink they oujht to be
discharged from the consideration of this bill. The
residue of the bill, from the statement of the bon-
"i-.ible Hum man of the committee, seen^' to be-
long; a (wit of it to the Committee oil Military
Aihuisnnd a partof it to the Committee on Cocn-
tueiee. The Judiciary Committee have nothing
