1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1631
manner occupied the time or asked the attention
of the House? Havel committed any crime?
.No, sir, no such charge has been brought against
me. But on the contrary I have been highly com-
plimented for the manner in which I have ex-
pressed nty opinions.
What, then, is the offense for which I am ar-
raigned and to be expelled from this floor? It is
this: that in this hour of our eountiy's peril,
when we are engaged in a war of such magni-
tude, involving such vast consequences,affecting
not only ourselves and our constituents but the
cause of free government throughout the world;
at tins hour, when we have an Army m the field
which for numbers, prowess, and expensive equip-
ment is unequaled in (he history of the world;
at this hour,when the war has lasted three years,
and when we are daily called upon to vote ap-
propriations of both men and money for its fur-
ther continuance; when we are urged to harass
the people by heavier and multiplied taxation,
and to drag them from their homes by repeated
conscriptions; that in this hour, believing that a
further continuance of the struggle will notonly be
fruitless but will ultimately destroy the Republic,
and wiili it the liberties of the people, exercising
my light as the Representative of a free constit-
uency, moved solely by a desire to prevent an
unnecessary and therefore wicked waste of treas-
ure and a further effusion of blood in what I
deem to be a fruitless struggle; moved solely by
my desire to pieserve the liberties of the people
and to maintain the principles and form of otir
Government, even if we could not preserve all its
territory, having no sympathy with and no de-
sire to aid as enemies, I have spoken my honest
convictions according tu the ability which God
has given me.
That is the sum andsubstance of my offending.
I have gathered together materials which the mas-
ter-workmen of the Republican party have pre-
pared ready for my use. I was not obliged to go
either to the quarry or to the forest for my mate-
rial. I found it aheady prepared by the hands of
skillful and experienced workmen, and without
the use of ax, hammer, or any tool of iron I have
joined it together; the workmanship isthat of the
leaders of the departed find living statesmen of
your party, and the leading journals which mold
and shape Republican opinion. I have justified
my position by the authority of those master-
workmen, the statesmen oftheold Whig and Re-
publican parties. They have prepared the mate-
rials for me, shaped them in the most delicate
manner, and with the utmost skill, and with the
greatest powers. They have supplied the argu-
ments which I collected and from which I drew
certain conclusions and presented them to the
House. Why, sir, I have studied the statesmen
whose political sentiments you profess. ! have
quoted from your present Chief Executive, from
the Secretary of State, from men in authority of
aqual ability. They have maintained certain piin-
ciples in regard to the administration of the gov-
ernment in time of war and the coercion of States,
and from them I have drawn my conclusions.
They forced themselves upon my mind, and I
could not resist them. They were that two alter-
natives only remained to us; neither of them is
agreeable to me, but between them I mustchoosc,
and for choosing that which 1 believed to be the
leastjfruitful of evil I am to be expelled from this
House.
Now, gentlemen, I ask you to approach that
question with care and deliberation. I ask you,
before you pass a vote of expulsion or censure
upon me, to consider the circumstances in which
we are placed and by which we are surrounded
to-day. Itisan importantoccasion. Iexpre.-scd
my convictions; my colleague [Air. Garfield]
replied to me immediately. Many of my own
friends did not aicree with me. They have taken
occasion to say so. My colleagues on tins side
have, with few exceptions, hastened to express
their dissent. They were speedy to confirm my
statement that I did not undertake to speak for
them. I may be m error. My judgment and
conscience tell me that I am not. i may not look
at the great struggle in its true light. 1 have
looked at it deliberately in order to discover, if
possible, the end to which it was tending. I have
formed my conclusions. I believe (here are but
two issues to which this war can lead; and so be-
lieving, independently as a Representative of the
people, honestly and candidly as a man, over-
come by a sense of duty to my country and re-
sponsibility to my God, 1 have deliberately,court-
eously, and gentleman say with great circum-
spection, expressed my convictions to the House.
They commend my manhood and candor; they
award me credit for having spoken my honest
convictions; but they dissent from my conclusions.
That is my offense.
Gentlemen, if there is anything in that, if there
is any blame to be attached to me for having thus
utteied my convictions, then the God who made
me ard gave me utterance, and gave me the im-
pulse to' say openly what I believe firmly, is to
blame, instead of myself. 1 declared the delib-
erate conviction of my judgment, 1 declared the
deliberate conclusion of my mind; and having
listened with attention to the arguments of gen-
tlemen , I have not yet heard one which has moved
me from my position. I may be in error. If
you are still further to govern us, I trust, for my
country, that I may bo. But do not, gentlemen,
trifle with the country. If I am wrong, convince
me. Do not, in this hour, gratify partisan aspi-
rations at the expense either of our country or of
truth. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Rol-
lins] sees in this movement what I have thought
I also very clearly discerned. He says that it
was designed to make party capital, and that the
effort is more to see how much can be made out
of it for the next campaign than to arrive at just
conclusions. lie told you that it is ail party and
no word for the country; all party, from the in-
troduction of the resolution to the hour we are
going to vote on it. He is the only gentleman on
the other side of the Chamber who discussed and
combated the principles and arguments of my
speech. He did it-m a courteous, dignified, and
statesmanlike manner; but while I respect him, I
must say that lie has failed to change my convic-
tions. t may be wrong. I believe i am right. I
have not one word to retract. My convictions are
as strong, my judgment asfirm as when on Friday
I gave utterance to my sentiments.
What, sir, is the position on which I stand?
Let nve call your attention for a few moments to
the means by which I arrived at my conclusions.
I built upon the foundation laid by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] As so much
has been said on the subject, I will read a short
paiagraph from his speech. He says:
ik Pome think that the-e States aie still in theUmon rind
entitled to the protection of the Constitution and the laws
onhe United States." * •*■««
" Otiietd hold that having committed treason, jenounced
their allegiance to the Union, discarded the Constitution
and laws., organized a distinct and hosLiIe government, and
l'orre nfai in* have i i-< n liom the condition ol in?-urgent5>
to the position of an independent i'on er dc J ado, and having
been achnoulcdgcd as a hellionent both by lorei^n nations
and our own Government, the Constitution and the Union
aie abrociiu d to far a.s thuy aie concerned, and that as be-
tween the two beJIigeients they aie under the Javv*> of war
and the law* of nation-, alone, and tli.it wluehevei i'owui
conquers may treat t lie \ ,uiqui>heda.s conqueied provinces,
and may impose upon them such conditions, and laws as it
inav deem hot.'1 A **•.*-*
u I hit it is said that tins mu^t be eon-ideied a content with
lebel individual-* only, a- States in the Union cannot make
w«u. That i-* true so loin? .e< they lemam in the Union.
Hut they claim to be out "of the Union, and the very tact
that we have admitted them to be in a >uue of \v«u, to be
brHtgi renN, vhruv< Hint they aie no longer in the Union,
and that they are wa«nnt( war in their corporate capacity,
under the coi jioratc Dame of the i onjcdciatc states, am! that
inch major corpoi atxon. ts compos til of minor coiporaiions
called Stales uctia« in their associated thai actcr
* * x 1«•* **
" When an inMincetion becomes sufficiently formidable
to entitle the paity to bellmcieht imhN, it places the con-
tending Poweison pieei-ely the same looting as foioign na-
tions at war with each oilier :: * * * * *
>' No one aeijudinted with tin magnitude of this* < ontej-t
can deny to it the ehat.^ter of n nvil war. Forneaih tlnee
year> the confederate gtate-, ha\c maintained then decia-
lation of independence by toree of aims.'1 * * . *"
l! What, linn, i-3 the effect of thi^ public war between
the.-" belligerent, these foreign nations! Bitoic this war
the patties were bound together by a compact, by a tieaty
called a * ''oji-uiuuou ' They at Knowledgcd the validity
of municipal law-; mutually bindoie on each. Tin*? war
has cut asunder all these lijainenKabioguted all these obli-
gations..'*
These are the remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, word for word, and which were
roferied to by the gentleman f;<>m Indiana [Mr.
Colfax] as if I were their author. 1 adapted
them. 1 have simply followed in the load of the
distinguished leader of the Republican paity. i
drew my conclusions from the speech of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, which i have not
heard him take back. I know that some gentle-
men upon this side of the House have denounced
him. for it; and I know some gentlemen upon that
side of the -House have disagreed with him. Yet
I have not heard of a resolution being introduced
for the expulsion or censure of that gentleman.
He and 1 agiee. These States are out of the
Union; they have established an independentgov-
ernment dc facto; they have maintained their
declaration of independence by force of arms for
three years. For three years they have so pros-
ecuted the war that by the laws of war and the
laws of nations they have cut asunder all the lig-
aments and abrogated all the obligations whicu
bound them to us under the Constitution. He
and I agree in thatopimon. If you condemn me,
I ask you to be consistent and condemn yourdis-
tinguished leader. J might not have been brought
to that conclusion had not the argument been
placed before me by the leader of the Republican
party on this floor. If, gentlemen,' you censure
me for putting myself in position with him you
must, to be consistent, censure us both. "Be
just, though the heavens fall." Rise above party.
If the same words were uttered upon that side of
the House as those for which you condemn me,
make no difference between me and the member
of the Republican party who utteied them; con-
sistency is a jewel. If you must have a victim,
if it is necessary that censure should attach some-
where, censure us both; we stand on the same
ground; we utteied the same language and hold
the same opinion as to the condition of the con-
federate States.
He goes further than 1 do. He is for waging
war against the confederate States as a foreign
nation for conquestand subjugation. lam against
it; the difference is purely a question of policy,
which is always a legitimate subject of discussion
in a legislative assembly. I believe that if a war
of subjugation could be successfully prosecuted
against the confederate States as a foreign nation,
and we held and governed them as conquered prov-
inces by the exercise of the coercive power of the
Government, the effect would be to destroy the
principles of the Union between all the States
North as well as South, and establish an absoluto
despotism upon the luins of the liberties of the
people; and believing this, I am not willing to sac-
rifice our republican form of Government for ter-
ritorial aggiandizement and die establishment of
a despotism.
Now, in another part of my speech, I have
quoted from the New York Tribune, from the
great leading republican paper of my district, the
Cincinnati Commercial,from the Columbus Jour-
nal, and from anumberof papers which Iwillnot
enumeiate here. I did not give to the House what
those papers said, but I extracted from them the
materials which I used in coming to my con-
clusion. I will now ask the Clerk to read some
nxtiacts which wore published in the Cincinnati
Commercial in 1SGL That paper is published in
my city, and is more influential in molding Repub-
lican opinion in my district than any other paper
published in the State.
The Clerk read as follows:
'• War tor the subjugation of the seeeders would be un-
witc and deplorable. There ih no province in the world,
conqueied and held by military loice, that is not a weak-
ness to its mastei. Many of the English colonies have
drained England of hei wealth. The English people are
now eaten up with taxation to hold distant possessions in
mihtaiy subjection, and carry on hei woi Id-wide system of
fiiiibus-terimr, which has for centuries been a national pas-
sion. The war-, which arc visited upon her in her mon-
Mious national debt, were occasioned by the pride of her
3ii>tociaey and tnc lntiigues of her politician'-, and were
not, with an exception or two, m the interest of iter peo-
ple. India, upon which --he h.i* lavished hei stiength,aud
« Inch is the niOit magnificent tiophy of wars of conquest
held by any nation, i-* an incumbrance to her to-day. Ai-
mers i-f a coMly and unp'ofitable appendage of France.
Venctia i  the weak ^ pot of Austna, and the hfe\> blood of
the enipne is drained to hold that territory, which isabso-
lutely woithless to tue Austrian®, and tetters her armies in
the Cluadrilatoral. The hit-tory ot the woi id ceitainJy proves
that it i< not ptotitable to govern a people without their
consent/'
'•The logical Jer—on of this fact m thic countiy Is that
if theie are two nations here who have been living in an
nnnatuial union, they r-lwu'd, for the. benefit of oneoi both,
be s-cpaiated. We do not enieitam the opinion that a
forced alliance between antagonistic nationalities has ex-
liied in the Union which out fathers made. We believe,
whatever the nifierence in dome-tie institutions, m lem-
 > -i-mi'Mit, m soil and clim.itand in idea^ot local ovorn-
iii 'nt. to be tound wirliin the limit-* or the land, that each
int-'ie-t was t>ecuie within the Lrnion and that all sections
wne moie piospeioij;. and happy withm than they can be
without the L'mon.*'
••Tiiedieniuofan ocean bound lepubiie,whickhasbeen
