1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to do with either of those questions. I hope the
question to discharge the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Roads may be assented to readily,
for I see no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion to discharge the Committee o« Post
Offices and Post Roads from the further considera-
tion of this subject.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on referring the bill to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Thequestion being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 16, noes 15; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As it seems this is to be-
come a question of dispute, and the yeas and
nays arc to be taken, I wish Senators to under-
stand it It is simply a question whether, when
bills come before the Senate that committees
desire to get rid of they are to be put upon the
Judiciary Committee. There has been a good
deal of that practice. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] smiles. Fie has, I believe, been
a party to some of these motions before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I beg my friend to spe-
cify a case, as he makes a charge against me.
Mr. HOWARD. They are so numerous that
they cannot be specified.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I can specify a
case. I think I could bo able to show, if it were
necessai y, that the Senator from Maine urged the
reference to the Judiciary Committee at this ses-
sion of Congress of a resolution m regard to the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] with which
the Judiciary Committee had nothing to do; and
also a bill for bounties, introduced by the Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Wilkinson-]
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee; and I think the Senator from
Maine advocated it. He is mistaken if he sup-
poses that he has not been engaged in it. If he
wants more specifications perhaps 1 could specify
more; but there are two cases within a few
weeks.
It has now become a question, and the yeas
and nays are called upon it, whethei a bill on
which a constitutional question can be raised shall
•be sent to the Committee on the Judiciary. Is
there any bill that we cannot raise a constitutional
question about? When the Senator fiom Main*1
at the lust session of Congress brought in a bill
to make Treasury notes a legal tender was not that
a constitutional question? Was it not argued
hereon that ground? Why did he not ask to
discharge the Finance Committee from the con-
sideration of that subject, and refer it to the Ju-
diciaiy Committee, because possibly somebody
doubted the light to make a Treasury note a 1< gal
tender? When a bill is before the Committee on
Commerce to appropriate money for the improve-
ment of rivers and harbors, because somebody
doubts the constitutionality of the appropriation,
why is not the Committee on Commerce dis-
charged from the consideration of that subject,
and it sent to the Committee on the Judiciary?
I will tell you why it is not done. Whenever
these questions arise incidentally out of a bill
which propcily belongs to a certain committee,
the committee never shirks its duty and never
seeks to refer it to another committee because a
constitutional question may be raised. _ It has
never been done. The Judiciary Committee has
nothing more to do with this question than any
other committee of the Senate. It is oigamzed to
take charge of matters relating to the courts and
the judicial business of the country; and it con-
stitutional questions arise out of bilt^of thatchar-
actor they consider them. Rut because a consti-
tutional question arises in a financial matter is the
Committee on Finance to be discharged from its
consideration? By no means. That lias never
been the practice of the Senate; and until very re-
cently these attempts to turn bills of that character
over to the Judiciary Committee were never made.
Now, sir, here is a bill relating to post roads
and military roads; and because a question may
arise as to the authority of Congress to make a
post toad or a rmlitaiy road of aceitain railroad,
therefore the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Ruadsa.sk to be discharged fiom its coiisideuUion,
and the chairman of the committee tells us that
there is no occasion for a bill to create such a road
as a post road. Very properly then that commit-
tee may be discharged from its consideration.
But because another question might by possibility
arise, whether there was any authority, if a road
was needed, to construct the road, or for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to take charge of it,
therefore it is to be sent to the Committee on the
Judiciary. For what purpose? I really cannot
see any purpose to be accomplished by it, and I
trust the Senate, upon the yeas and nays, will
give it no such reference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really feel that an apol-
ogy is due from me to the honorable chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary. I only feel it
because he seems to have taken such offense at an
involuntary smile that I gave when he commenced
his remaiks. This motion is mt de by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont. 1 have taken no
part in it. I have said nothing. I have sat quietly
in my seat and listened to the debate; but because
when the Senator commenced his lemarks and
seemed to think that the Judiciary Committee
had been practiced upon I could not helpsmihng,
the Senator lias addressed all his remarks of ob-
jurgation—if 1 may so call them—to the Senator
from Maine.
Now, sir, it is very possible that on one or two
occasions 1 have moved thatbills should be sentto
the Committee on the Judiciary because I thought
they ought to go there, and 1 believe the Senate
sustained me in sending them there. I cannot
see that I committed any very great offense against
parliamentary propriety, or really subjected my-
self to censure from the honorable Senator. Let
me say, however, that the reason why I have
made such motions was simply because I thought
the Committee on the Judiciary was so ably con-
stituted and possessed so much learning in  efei-
ence to all those matters, and were so abundantly
able to deal wkh questions of this description,
that I leally thought it was a duty to send ques-
tions of this description to that committee to be
investigated. It seems that my thinking so lias
given offense; and theiefore, by way of apology,
I take it back, and say that the Judiciary Com-
mittee is not, in my judgment, (because that will
suitthe Senator better,) fit to have charge of ques-
tions of this description.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 voted this morning in the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads to ask
to be discharged from the fuither consideration
of this question,and also to move its reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary. I beg to say
sim ply 
Mr. DAVIS. Tell us what occurred.
Mr. CONNESS. No, sir; I will not tell what
occuired m committee; but 1 beg to say that the
motive there was simply this: this being an im-
portant bill, the question involved in it being of
the fit st consequence, we desned to get the benefit
of the great ability and learning of that committee
upon the great question involved in it. It was
not from any desire to shiik labor in the premises
at ail. I say that in great sincerity. Itisaques-
tion in which I feel a good deal of interest as to
whether a State may not only say who shall do
business within its borders, but who shall travel
or trade between two of the great cities of the
Union, and whether a State can control that ques-
tion. I am sincerely desnous, and the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads arc desirous,
that that question should now at this time be ex-
amined bv the Committee on the Judiciary. 1
hope that 11 will go theie,and I beg to assuic the
committee that we were most sincere in the rec-
ommendation that we made.
Mr. POMEROY. While I would notsayany-
thing about what was done by the committee par-
ticularly, yet I will say there was no disposition
on the part of the Committee on Post Offices ami
Post Roads, nor on the part of any one that I
know of, to give this bill the go-by, or to assume
that there w.ms anything asked for in the bill that
should not be gianted.
Mr. CONNESS. Quite the contrary.
' Mr. POMEROY. The committee simply de-
sired the expiession of the Judieiary Committee
on ceitain constitutional questions. It need not
be imagined fiom this motion that this subject of
having .it least two lines of ioad,of which tlnsis
one uf the links between here and New York, is
to have the go-by, or is to bo voted against. I
do riot think that is the sentiment of Congress or
the country. I believe they are prepared.to con-
sider that question; and if there are ho consii5ttjj>
tional objections in the way I think public policy
and public interest will demand it. It is sirpply
a question whether we can do it constitutionally,
ana upon that question it was supposed that the
Judiciary Committee could express theiropinion.
Mr. FOSTER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. POMEROY. Of course.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to ask whether the opin-
ion of the Judiciary Committee upon the power
of Congress to do this would not, after all, de-
pend upon the necessity of the case; and-whether,
m his judgment, it would not be best,first to get
the opinion of the Military Committee whether
it was necessary to have this road; or if it pro-
poses to regulate commerce to get the opinion ot
the Committee on Commerce as regards the ne-
cessity of that case?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think fhe opinion
of the Judiciary Committee on the constitution-
ality of the bill would depend upon any necessity
of the case; because necessity doesnot make con-
stitutional what would be otherwise unconstitu-
tional. Necessity may be a reason why we may
override the Constitution; necessity may be a
reason why we may do a great many things; 'but
the Judiciary Committee will not declare a.thing
to be constitutional simply because we think it is
necessary. My own conviction with regard to
the matter is that it is both within the Constitu-
tion and necessary , and I think the Judiciary Com-
mittee will so decide. 1
Mr. FOSTER. If it should be constitutional
but not necessary would not the labor of the
Judicial y Committee be all lost?
Mr. POMEROY. Then it will become a ques-
tion for the Senate, after the committee decide that
it is constitutional, to say whether thejr think it
is expedient or not. The objections to it will be
removed, ! judge, when men find that this meas-
ure is within the provisions of the Constitution.
It is clearly a part of the public policy, I think,
to have better facilities between here and New
York, and to increase them and have more of
them; and it is simply a question of public pol-
icy, provided it does not interfere with any con-
stitutional restrictions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to refer this bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and upon that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 27; as follows:
YP,AS—Messrs. Bnekalew, Clark, Collanier, Conness,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolmle, Fessenden, Giimes, Harlan, Hen-
dei-on. Pomeioy, and Ramsey—13.
NAYS—Mcifis. Cnrlile, Chandler, Davis, Foster, Hale,
H.uding, Hams, Ueiidueks, Howard, Howe, Johnson,Lane
ot Indiana. Lane of Kan«a-s Motgan, Morrill, Ne miih,
I'owt ll, Riehatdfcon, Spiaguo, Sumner, Ton Eyck, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkin&on, Wilson, and Wright
—!27.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The YICE PRESIDENT. What disposition
will the Senate make of the bill ? It is now before
the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I move that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from com-
mittees are still m order.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion to equalize the pay of soldiers in the United
States Army. That is the regular order of the
day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a report.
I bi.heve that is in order.
The VICE PRESI DENT. Does the Senator
from Massachusetts insist on his motion before
the morning; business is disposed of?
Mr. WILSON. The morning hourhas passed
some time ago.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has gone by long since, but the morning business
is not yet finished.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion for the
P'tIic VICE PRESIDENT. Reports from com-
mittees are in order.
