2608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31.
it is within the control of a majority to lay the
motion on the table, and thereby retain it in com-
mittee, and have it considered there.
If anygentleman has any amendmentto submit
to the bill, any amendment which has been con-
sidered in committee or any amendment which
suggests itself to any gentleman in the House, he
. may submit it. The simple matter which I de-
sire is that the bill may be acted on in time to be
available for the election about to be held.
I can conceive of no other object for insisting
upon retaining the bill in the Committee for the
DistrictofColumbiaexcept to deprive men other-
wise entitled to the elective franchise in this Dis-
trict of the opportunity to vote.
The provisions of this bill have an analogy, I
believe, in the laws of every State in the Union
where a registry is required. I do not know of
any State where a registry of votes is required in
which there is not a provision authorizing the
proper authorities to place on the list the names
of all persons entitled to vote, and whose names
have been omitted from it. And if there beany
State which has not that provision, it is quite
time they hud. I call the previous question on
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to withdraw the de-
mand for a moment.
. Mr. DAWES. I will; and, retaining the floor,
will yield to the gentleman from New Yoik.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I presume the
gentleman from Massachusetts, who seems to
have taken charge of tiip business belonging to
the Committee for the Districtof Columbia, docs
not suppose that that committee aie desirous of
interposing any obstacles in the way of legal
voting. But there seems to bea disposition now,
as on one other occasion sometime ago, to take
the business of the District out of the hands of
the committeo appointed by the House to con-
sider it. On that occasion a colleague of mine
volunteered to take charge of a measure appoint-
ing a warden for the jail, a proposition, as he
thought, so simple as to require no reference to
a committee, and under his guardianship it was
immediately passed. Jtso happened that there
was lying in jail at that time a man sentenced to
death, arid, in consequence of my colleague's law,
there was nobody who could legally hang him.
And as his execution was thus pievented, the
House may be entitled to some consideration as
philanthropists for saving the life of a convicted
felon.
I apprehend there is no particular necessity for
assuming the business legitimately belonging to
the Committee for the Districtof Columbia or the
business belonging to any other committee, i
apprehend the members of this House are well
awaie that there are several things connected with
the elective franchise that it would be well to con-
sider in committee.
I have no feeling in regard to this hill. [ do
not know that I have any objection to its passa-e,
but I do object to its being taken away from the
proper committee and passed without considera-
tion by the House.
We have a day set apart by the courtesy of
the House for the transaction of the District busi-
ness—Friday next—and I think thus paiticular
amendment which is proposed now to the exist-
ing law, and which has been allowed to sleep for
so many years in the Distiict, may safely be al-
lowed to rest until Friday, when it will regularly
come betore the House for us action.
[ am perfectly willing that the House shall re-
lieve the Committee for the District of Columbia
from all of their business, if on every occasion
when any question happens to come up in which
some gentleman on the other side takes a partic-
ular interest the business of this Distnct is to be
taken out of our hands; yet if we are not to be
allowed to consider these important measutes and
to report on them in the legitimate way, the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia ought to re-
quest of the Speaker,outofrespect to themselves,
to relieve them and appoint some other members
to take chaige of that business.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I was about to say
to thegentiemau iiom Massachusetts that I hardly
think it good kutb on his part to move a lecon-
S'deuvtion and bring the question again before the
House, as the House only consented to have that
bill rnpoitcd on the understanding that it should
be referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, there to be considered. That was the
unanimous understanding of the House. It was
the contract entered into by the House unani-
mously that this subject should hove the consid-
eration of the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, and I think it only fair to the House to
now leave this matter with that committee.
What is it? Only a scheme for manufacturing
a lot of voters a week before the election, That
is all it is. The gentleman says that it is only a
registration of voters. It is making voters; giv-
ing them the qualification of voters for this city—
men who have joined the Loyal Leagues, newly
appointed clerks,men after patronage. They are
to be registered here for the purpose of controll-
ing perhaps a doubtful election. That is the best
view we can take of this thing.
I ask the gentleman whether or not, if this be
a fair and good bill and ought to receive the sanc-
tion of the House, it should not be sent to the
committee to which it was referred yesterday, so
that it may be reported on and the question fairly
decided on next Friday? Why this haste ? Why
urge it now ? is there anything he cannot under-
stand? If there is, let the committee sift it and re-
port on it. Is there any fear that the Committee
for the District of Columbia will not act fairly
in regard to the District business? If there is,
then, as the gentleman from New Yoik, the chair-
man of that committee said, make a new com-
mittee, of better men, men mote in favor of free
suffrage in the District. And 1 hope until that is
done the House will treat the committee with per-
fect respect and keep its faith on the terms made
yesterday.
Mr. BEAMAN. I do not desire to go into any
discussion of the ineiibi of this case, but I desiie
to say to the Hou.se that I do not sympathize
with my colleague on the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia entirely in regard to the re-
mat ks that he has seen proper to make. I do not
regard this moiion as any disiespect to thateom-
nintee, nor do 1 see the necessity for this bill
going to it. It is brief and simple in its provis-
ions, and if it be referred to that committee there
will hardly be an elaborate report m legard to it.
I am opposed to sending it to the committee, and
I hope that it will pass.
Mr. MALLOilY. I was here yesterday when
the gentleman from Massachusetts made the mo-
tion'to suspend the rules in order that this meas-
ure might be taken up, and finding that the rules
would not be suspended, thei e being not two thirds
in favor of taking the lesolution up and acting
on it, he proposed to the gentleman irom New
York [Mr. STEiu.Kj that it should come befoie
the House with the understanding it should be
referred to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia. The gentleman from New Yoik agreed
to that suggestion, and the House acted on it.
When this agreement was made that it should be
referred to the committee to digest it and make a
report, I went to the gentleman from New York
and told him that I thought he had acted under a
misapprehension. I said, 11 By your agreement
and the action of the House the control of this
matter by one third of the House has been given
up, and the contiol given to a majoufy of the
members of the 1 louse, and my impression is that
action will be had by a majority because of the
mot ion you have consented tojnst now." H e re-
plied, "I conceive that impossible, for m good
faith that matter has been committed to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and i deem it
hardly possible that they will take it up and act
upon it without allowing the Committee tor the
District of Columbia to repoit upon it."'
That convention was between the chairman
of the committee and myself. I atlastconcurred
with him in his views, and supposed he was right;
! and that the House, alter relet ring this matter to
! the committee, when it had no power to get it up
and act upon it without the consent of two thuds,
; would stand by the good faith it had pledged, and
! would let the committee act upon the bill, and
report theiraction to the House.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I desire to state
not only-that 1 had the conversation referred to
by the distinguished gentleman from Kentucky,
but that 1 should have selected, as the last man
in this House, perhaps, my friend from Massa-
chusetts as a gentleman who would m any way,
directly or indirectly, flinch from what was a fair
and honorable understanding. The gentleman
from Massachusetts said to me that if 1 would
consent to let this bill come before the House—
I having objected to its coming before the House
—he would consent that it should go to our com-
mittee. That arrangement was made between
us before the whole House; and 1 did not expect
.that my friend from Massachusetts was to be the
man to attempt to get rid of a fair and straight-
forward arrangement.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing could pain me more
than the loss of confidence of my friend from New
York, although much of it must have arisen from
his private conversation with the distinguished
gentleman from Kentucky, which he did not do
me the honor to communicate to me.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I wish to ask
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
if he did not propose to me that if I would with-
draw my objection he would allow this bill to go
to the Committee for the District of Columbia ?
Mr. DAWES. I was going to state the trans-
action just as I understood it.
Mr.'STEELE, of New York. One question
more.
Mr. DAWES. One at a time.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. Another ques-
tion just here, i would ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether when he did that ho did
not intend in good faith that the committee should
consider the bill ?
Mr. DAWES. If my friend has got all his
questions put now 1 will try to answer them. I
did try to get this matter before the House to be
acted upon yesterday. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is quite mistaken when he says I moved
to suspend the rules, and finding that I could not
get a majority of two thirds to suspend the rules,
i resorted to an arrangement. I made no motion
to suspend the rules, and consequently did not
find that a majority of two thirds was lacking. I
made no such motion, because no such motion
was necessary. The bill was at all times under the
control of a majority of the House, and the only
difficulty existing was that it would take some
time to take up and dispose of the matters on the
Speaker's table before this bill could be reached.
That was all. A majority of the House could
have controlled it at all times. I never had the
matter at any time in a position that it required
any more than a majority of the House to con-
trol it, but it did require some little time to reach
the bill upon the table.
The gentleman from New York did object. I
then urged some reasons why I wanted the bill
considered. The gentleman said he would ob-
ject. The Speaker said it could be reached by a
majoiity by taking up one bill after another upon
the Speaker's table. I said to the gentleman from
New Yoik that if 1 could not do any better he
might make a motion to lefer it to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, that that would
hasten it to some extent, and that would be as
much as 1 could do.
I say in all good faith to the House that when
J made that suggestion to the gentleman from
New York I had no idea of a motion to recon-
sider; and the motion to reconsider which I en-
tered at the last moment was the result of an ex-
amination of the measure, and of a consideration
of the chances that the measure would not be re-
ported from the committee on Friday next. With-
out any idea that I had committed myself to any
arrangement that the bill should be leferred to the
committee, 1 suggested to the gentleman from
New Yoik that if he would make the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee for the District
of Columbia it would hurry it along, and place
it ahead of the other business on the Speaker's
table.
1 wish now to say a word about the character
of the measuie, in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] who says it is not a measure to
enable legal voters to cast their votes. Tiiat shows
that the gentleman has not read themeasuie,but
has taken some suggestion from outMde. The
very first line of the bill will show to the gentle-
man that it applies only to those othei wise qual-
ified to vote. The phraseology is that men who
have every qualification as voters lequired by the
laws of this District, excepting the one of having
succeeded six months ago in getting their names
registered, may vote, and it provides for proof to
be furnished to the appropriate parties—the same
