58<3
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd; its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 225) making an appropriation for rebuilding
the stable at the President's, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr^COLLAMER, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads,to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 62) to remove all disqualification of
color in carrying the mails, reported it with an
amendment.
-' Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
55) in relation to the circuit court in and for the
district of Wisconsin, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Post Office?* ami Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No, 110) for the relief of John H.
Shepherd and Walter K. Caldwell, of Missouri,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DAVIS asked, and by unanimous consent
""obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 113)
to provide for ascertaining and adjusting chums
against the Government for injury or destruction
of property by the Aimy of the United States or
by military authority during the present rebel-
lion, and for settling the claims of the State of
Keigpcky against the United Slates; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
REBUILDING OF PRESIDENT'S STABLE.
The bill(H. 11. No. 225) making an appropri-
ation for rebuilding the stable at the President's,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds to ask
for the present consideration of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to consider the bill at
the present time.
There being no objection, the Senate as m Com-
mittee of the Whole proceeded to consider the bill,
which appropriated the sum of$12,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to enable the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to cause the stable
at the President's to be rebuilt forthwith.
'Mr. GRIMES. In order to explain fully the
necessity for the passage of the bill at this time,
aud the amount that is specified in it, $12,000, I
desire to read a letter addressed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings this morning to the
chairman of the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds of the House of Representatives.
It is as follows:
OkFUIE of Tin-. CuMMlHNIONfR OK pljju.K. IU'lLUINGfr,
Cai'itoj. op- tiii: ITni'ij:D Station,
YVasiiinoton, Fcbrnaiy 11, 18tM.
Dkau Sir: The stable attached to the lis ecu live Man-
sion was destroyed by hie la-t night. {t is veiy nece^arv,
for the convenience of the Pieful-mt, tlmt it should bo ie-
bmtt as soon sis jxwMble. At an Iuum view with him, earlv
this morning, he expressed a desire that i would tiring the
mallei to tiie aiteumm of (Jongt tto-d.i>, it' possible, that
ineu^mes might iii  taken to have it lelmilt
^aiah Coders Kiq., the Architect of the Tren^uiy, with
a ma>irr brickl.iyei, accompanied me to the nun-., aud
after a careful examination Mr. llogei-. came to ihe conclu-
sion that it would eo-U 1^,000 to rebuild it, and has given
me a written estimatetoth.it e fleet, which accompanies
this loner.
The walls of the stable are of the best proved brick, hut
are so eiaeked and warped that nearly the whole wiil have
•to be taken down. The inside ot the stable iseutnely burned
out. The window caps and sills arc o! brown ytonc, and
monot them bo injiued that new ones will iiave to he pio-
cured.
The stable cost originally, I understand, about seventeen
thousand dollar*..
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
H. B. FRENCH,
Commissioner of Public IJuthhngs.
Hon. John* H. Rice, Chairman Committee on Public Build-
ings and GroundHouse Representatives United States.
I also have in my hand the estimate of Mr.
Rogers, the Architect of theTreasury, which ac-
companies the letter of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings and corroborates the statement made
in that letter.
Mr. JOHNSON. How many horses will the
stable accommodate?
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. Twelve thousand dollars is
rather a large sum for a stable.
Mr. GRIMES. It cost originally §17,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COLONIZATION OF TEXAS.
Mr. I^ANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
Senate take up Senate bil! No. 45, for the purpose
of making it a special order for Tuesday next.
The motion wasagreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (S.No.45) to set apart
a portion of the State of Texas for the use of per-
sons of African descent.
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better not go
into the consideration of that bill now. I have
not had an opportunity of reading the report of
the Senator on the subject. It is one of the most
important subjects that can be presented to the
Senate. It involves the question of the treatment
of freedmen, of colonization, and I fear also a
very considerable expenditure of money. But I
do not wish to anticipate the discussion. I sim-
ply suggest to the Senator from Kansas that he had
better let the bill lie a little longer, until we have
had at least an opportunity of reading his report.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In answer to the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Massachusetts I have
this to say; I shall be compelled, on account of
sickness in my family, to leave hero next weok
for home, and I desire to submit some remarks
to the Senate on the subject of this bill. After
that I shall let it take such direction as the Senate
may desire.
Mr. CLARK. We will take it up at any time
for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator wishes merely
to state the case I certainly have no objection to
that. 1 had supposed that the Senator proposed
to make U a special order with a view to press it
to a vote, and I thought the Senate were notready
for that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
New Hampshire suggests that the Senate would
take it up atany time. I have already stated that
1 shall be compelled to go homo next week. It
is uncertain whether lean have ittnken up at any
time, and as I design to start perhaps on Wed-
nesday I should like lo have uncertainty.
Mr. CLARK. I meant simply to say that,
after his statement, we would take it up atany time
to accommodate the Senator, whenever he desired
to address (he Senate upon it, without making it
a special order. 1 will vote to hear lum now if he
desires to go on at piesent.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not prepared
now. I should like very much for the Senate to
make it a special order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what day?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. For Tuesday next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfiom
Kansas moves to postpone the further consider-
ation of this bill until Tuesday next, and make it
the special order for that day at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; two thirds of the
Senate concurring.
TiRTTFSlI FOIIOONElt OLHV.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a little bill which I
at'k the Senate to take up and act upon now,
which will cause no debate. It is House bill No.
144, to indemnify the owners of the British
schooner Glen.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate as
in Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill, which directs that there be paid to the
owners of the British schooner Glen the sum of
$17,150 G6, the same being the amount awarded
as an indemnification to the parties interested by
the district court of the United States of America
for the southern district of New York, for costs,
damages, and expenses by reason of the illegal
seizure of that vessel and cargo as prize.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr. WILSON. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 26) reviving the grade of lieutenant general
in the United States Army.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to revive the grade of
lieutenant general in the Army of the United
States; and authorizes the President, whenever
he shall deem it expedient, to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, a com-
mander of the Army, to be selected, during war,
from among those officers in the military service
of the United States, not below the grade of ma-
jor general, most distinguished forcourage, skill,
and ability; and who, being commissioned as
lieutenant general, shall be authorized, under the
direction of the President, to command thearmies
oftheUnited States; and respectfully recommends
the appointment of Major General U. S. Grant,
of Illinois, for the position of lieutenant general.
The lieutenant general thus appointed is to be
entitled to the pay,allowances,and staff specified
in the fifth section of the act approved May 28,
1798; and also the alio wancesdescribed in the sixth
section of the act approved August 23, 1842,
granting additional rations to certain officers; but
nothing in this bill contained is to be construed
in any way to affect the rank, pay, or allowances
of Winfield Scott, lieutenant general by brevet,
now on the retired list of the Army.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with several amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was in line seven,
section one, to strike out the words'* commander
of the Army,"and to insert " lieutenantgeneral;"
and in line eight, after the word " selected,51 to
strike out the words " during the war;" so that
the clause will read:
And the Picsident it? hereby authoiized, whenever lie
shall deem it expedient, toappoiut, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, a lieutenant general, to be se-
lected (torn among those officer? in the military service of
the United States, not below the grade of major general,
niOht distinguished lor courage, skill, and ability,
Mr.TRUMBULL. That amendment involves
the whole character of the bill and its importance,
as it seems to me. The bill as it came to us from
the House of Representatives was intended not
simply to confer the honor of lieutenant general
upon the person who should be selected by the
President of the United States as most distin-
guished for his courage, skill, and ability, but it
was intended also in conferring this high honor
upon him to give him some command correspond-
ing with the title conferred by it. If you strike
out these words as proposed by the Committee on
Military Affairs you deprive the resolution of its
value so far as it is intended to place the lieuten-
ant general in command over other geneials. I
suppose it is competent for the Congress of the
United States to determine by law the powers
which the officers in the Army shall exercise. For
instance, we have provided that a brigadier gen-
eral shall have command of a brigade. We can-
not place the brigadier general over the brigade;
we can not appoint the brigadier general; the Presi-
dent selects the man; but we provide, by Con-
gress, what authority the brigadier general shall
have when he is selected by the President.
The virtue of this bit! to my mind is the prin-
ciple contained in it, which gives the lieutenant
general when selected command over the armies
of the United States. I am as willing as any one
to confer honor on General Grant. He has per-
formed distinguished services; he has done well
for his country; he deserves well for his gallant
deeds any honors that Congress can confer upon
him. But, sir, when we are conferring honors
upon him and placing him in a position at the head
of the Army, as this bill proposes, I piopose that
you Shall give him the authority which the posi-
tion is entitled to. One of the excellencies of this
bill to my mind is that provision in it that when
he is made lieutenant general he shall be com-
mander of the armies of the United States under
the President. I speak of General Grant because
the bill as U comes to us from the House recom-
mends General Grant. We cannot compel the
President to confer this honorupon him. He has
the selection; and it would be in his power to se-
lect some other individual. But, whoever is selected
by him as most distinguished for courage, skill,
and ability during this war, let that individual
when selected by the President and confirmed by
the Senate have command of the armies of the
United States, under the authority, of course, of
the President, who is Commander-in-Chief by the
Constitution.
I hope the amendment of the committee will not
be agreed to. I desire for one, and I will not dis-
