1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 14.
so grateful to Young America, \vc yet Iiope to see realized;
but in the uwjan time there is room for several flourishing
nations on this continent; and the sun will slmieas brightly
and the rivers* ran as clear—the cotton-fields will be as
white and the wheat-fields as golden—when we acknowl-
edge the southern confederacy as before. We would not
undervalue the Union. It has ministered to our national
pride as well as to the prosperity of the whole country.
But when it is gone, wc still have our fiuilful and inviting
soil and clime, our seats and channels of commerce, and
the itnequaled capacity of the people for productive labor."
" We are not in favor of blockading the southern coast.
We arc not in favor of retaking by force the property of
the United Statesnow in possession of the seceders. We
would recognize the existence of a government formed of
all the seceding States, and attempt to cultivate amicable
relations with it."
Mr. LONG. Those articles, as I spiel before,
appeared in the Cincinnati Commercial, the lead-
ing Republican paper of my own State. There
appeared also at the same time a series of articles
in the Columbus Journal,published in the capital
of my State. The articles in the Commercial ap-
peared immediately following an interview which
took place between the proprietors of that paper
and the present Secretary of the Treasury, S. P.
Chase, and at the time they were attributed to
that distinguished gentleman.
1 will not detain the House by referring to the
other extracts, but as I said before I found these
materials adjusted by the hands of a skillful work-
man for my use. 1 chose to go to the leaders of
the Republican party rather than draw from what
had been written and said by my own paity, feel-
ing that thereby my position would be more im-
pregnable against the assaults of my opponents.
I was unwilling to believe that the Republican
party would repudiate the utterances of its own
great statesmen, leaders, and principal journals,
but from demonstration* made on this floor for
the last few days 1 am led to the conclusion that
I was most sadly mistake;).
[ caution you, gentlemen, on that side of the
Chamber to approach the subject carefully. It
will be the worst record for you that you can pos-
sibly make if you now repudiate these principles.
You have before avowed them, and i predict here
to-day you will be driven to avow them again be-
fore another President shall have been inaugurated
on the 4th of March, 1865. I warn yon, gentle-
men, that in voting to expel me from this Hall,
or in voting censure upon me for uttering these
sentiments which have been avowed by your own
leading statesmen and newspapers, you are doing
that which will ultimately subject yourselves to
a. worse odium than* that which you are seeking
to fasten upon me. Events are progressing rap-
idly; we know not what a day may bring forth.
1 do not, in saying this, mean in any degree to in-
timidate any gentleman, or prevent him from vot-
ing as his judgment dictates; but regardless of
consequences to myself 1 make the prediction that
you will rue tin's day, that you will seek to ob-
literate this record before wc shall have dissolved
this Congress on the 4th of March next.
i may be in error in the opinions I expressed.
Some of my own friends upon this side of the
House have planted themselves in opposition to
them, and 1 have received their condemnation.
Those who will occupy a position with me in the
future upon these great questions will not be those
who agree with my distinguished friend on my
right, [Mr. Smith.] But there will be gentlemen
from the other side of the House who will come
to my principles. I believe that you will come to
them,gentlemen. I do not believe that the Amer-
ican people, North or South, will ever agree with
the member from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith,] that
we ought to subjugate and exterminate the people
of the South, and populate that countiy with a
better class of people. I do not believe that the
people of this country, not even of the Republican
party, would agree to that. I cannot believe that
any man when he lies down on his pillow and
communes with his God, when he considers the
magnitude of this issue, involving the fate of eight
million men, women, and children, could agree to
the doctrmc of the member from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman will ailosv me
one moment; 1 will not occupy more of his time.
When I used the expression the day before yes-
terday that I was willing not only to subjugate
the South, but, if need be, to exterminate its peo-
ple and populate that countiy with a better class
of people, I did not refer to the innocent children
who cannot commit treason; but I referied to the
men in arms, to those who have by direction or
indirection committed treason against the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. LONG. I give the gentleman all the ben-
efit he can derive from his explanation. I regard
it as but a very feeble effort to extricate himself
from the position in which he and other gentle-
men here have placed themselves. I envy not the
man who can clasp his hands and closehiseyesin
prayer and ask the extermination of these people
atthe'South. I have no heartand nodtsposition
to see such a work as that go on. 1 cannot con-
sent to it. So help me God, I am against it.
Standing as I do among you alone, I am willing
to raise my voice, feeble as it is, against it. 1
want peace in this country; peace, peace, if lean
have it, rather than the extermination of these
people who are struggling in a cause which they
believe to be right. Sir, let this war cease. 1,
for one, am against it. Although 1 may be ex-
pelled from this Hall, and sent home to my
constituents branded by the condemnation of the
gentlemen opposite, I will utter the convictions
of my judgment; I will take the consequences,
and will go down, if you please, to infamy, if
such is the estimation in which 1 am to be held,
for raising my feeble voice for peace.
Sir, I dislike personalities, and I intend to be
respectful to all gentlemen. I must, neverthe-
less, point out what m my judgment is an incon-
sistency on the part of the gentleman who lias
moved this resolution of expulsion.
On the 11th day of February, 1861, Mr. Craige,
of North Carolina, submitted on the floor of this
House the following resolution. 1 read from the
Congressional Globe, second session Thirty-
Sixth Congress, part one, page 853:
"Mr. Craige, of North Caiolina. I submit the follow-
ing resolution:
"Whoieas the States of South Carolina, Florida, Ala-
bama, Georgia, MisM^ippi, and Louisiana have seceded
from the Coitloderacvol the United States and have estab-
lished a government under the name ot 4 the confederacy of
lliti United Slates Southand whoica* it i« deniable that
the iihM amicable relations should exist between the two
Governments, and war should be avoided as tlio gteaieat
calamity which can befall ilieni :
"Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Stales of Jhncricu in Congt ess assembled, That
the I'reMdeutoftheUnited States be,and is hereby, icquited
to acknowledge the independence ol said qovornment as
soon as he is mfoiined ofiieially of its establishment; and
that lie receive such envoy, embassador, or commissioner
as may or shall be appointed by &<ud government for the
purpose of amicably adjusting the matters in dispute with
said government.
"Mr. Craigk, of North Carolina. I hope that the reso-
lution will be permitted to pass, as I doubt not it is the
wish of all of u> th.tt peace !-haii.be pie^eived.
u Mr. Farnswortii. i object; and move that it be re
fened to tin- Committee on L\itenl?>. [L.uidHei ]
"iMr. ('Riior. ol Noith Carolina. I move that itbeie
feired to the Committee on Foreign Aflairs.
" The question was taken; and the joint resolution was
icferied to the Committee on Foicign Aftaii>."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, on the 11th day of Feb-
ruary, lSGl, Mr. Craige,an avowed secessionist
who was in favor of dissolving the Union, who
carried out his views and went South, proposed,
in his place here, a recognition of the confeder-
acy, and to put in that diplomatic gallery an
envoy extraouhnary from the confederate States.
And this resolution was dignified in this House
by a reference to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Col-
pax] was present and assented to that reference.
He probably voted for it. He moved no ievolu-
tion of ccnsure, no resolution of expulsion.
There is another circumstance to which I wish
to allude. It lias been referred to before, but I
choose'to refer to it again. Mr. Conway, a mem-
ber from the State of Kansas, in a speech which
he made m this House on the 27th day of January,
1863, uses this language, before pioposing^ two
resolutions. I read fiom Congressional Globe
and Appendix, third session Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, part two, page 66 of the Appendix:
Neveitheless I ciuuiot refrain fiom exprc-^ing my in
dividual opinion that the uuo policy of the Nmth is to teim
mate tills wai at once. The lougei it continues the worse
our situation become*. JLet the two Houses of Congress
adopt the following ies.olution^ :
'• Resolve I bij the Senate und Home of Representative*.
<$ ., Th.u the 'executive Ik ,auu he i- hcicbj. requited 10
isMie a geneial nrdei to ail commander*: oi toiees in the
seveiai mih!>iry '!epai:iupiitv- ol ihe United State-- to dis-
continue ollen- u e opei at ion-- asaum the * m my .i.nl to <iU
to) tho llitiue eurireiv on Ihe deh-n-lVe.
<k Resolve.!, Tiuttthe !0\eeu!;vc h-.aurt he is lrn by,fur-
ther requested to enter into ncgotialiOiH with tii' authoii-
ties ot tii.; confedeiate Staffs with ictVrence to a ce.-^a.
tion ot ho-,tihtie*based on theiollowingpropo-itioir-: fust,
lccognition of tho independence ol the eonh'deiate States;
second, a uulfoun system of duties upon import.-; thud,
free trade between the two States; fourth, free navigation
of tbe Mississippi river; filth, mutual adoption of the Mon-
roe doctrine.
" I am aware that this may be said to be giving up the
contest. In one respect it undoubtedly is. It is an aban-
donment, for the time being, of the attempt to bring tho
South under the sway of the Union by force of aims. But
it cannot be denied that in this object we are already de-
feated ; we have defeated ourselves."
Did I ever say as much? Havel admitted that
we were defeated ? Have I denied the prowess
of the Federal Army? Have I denied its ability
to exterminate the South? Not a syllablecan be
" pointed out in my speech which looks to any such
idea. Have I ever once claimed that the Federal
Army was notable to cope with or overpower
the confederates and exterminate the southern
people? I object to its extermination. I have
not admitted, as Mr. Conway did, that we were
defeated. 1 have not been willing to give up the
contest in that rcspect.
And why do X refer to this now? I refer to it,
sir, for this purpose: to show that as well on the
11th of February, 1861, as on the 27th of Janu-
ary, 1863, the present Speaker of this House oc-
cupied a seat on this floor and heard these reso-
lutions offered. He heard the speech of Mr.
Conway. And he, so far as I am advised, moved
no resolution of expulsion or of censure against
either of those members.
It has been said that what has been declared
by the leaders of the Republican party against
coercing the States was uttered before the war be-
gan and before blood was shed. It is true this
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Craige)
used that language and offered this resolution be-
fore blood was shed. Mr. Conway used his lan-
guage and offered his resolution after we had been
engaged in war two years. The Army was as
near to the Potomac then as it is to-day. Wash-
ington city was surrounded then as it is sur-
rounded now. Tho President was guarded then
in his mansion by armed sentinels as I said on
last Fiiday: he isguarded now. Thisgentleman
(Mr. Conway) said that we had defeated our-
selves; and he proposed a recognition of the south-
ern confederacy, He proposed that the President
should recognize it. Where was the gentleman
from Indiana then? Where was his resolution
of expulsion, where his resolution of censure
against Mr. Conway ? Where was all his virtu-
ous indignation and his loud-sounding patriotism
then ? Why did he not stop the business of legis-
lation long enough at least to make an effort at
expulsion or ccnsure? What is the difference
between us, «sr? *
On tho 27th day of January, 1863, the war had
pioiriessed for two y^ars; it now has progressed
tltr< e. On the 27th of January, 1863, tne Speaker
who now proposes my expulsion was on the floor
of the House, and now he is in the Speaker's
chair. Because he occupies that position, does
it give him any higher right, does it give him
any higher power? 1 think it does not. The only
difference between my conduct and that of Mr.
Conway, was that he was an abolitionist and I
am a Democrat. Therefore 1 am to be expelled,
while he goes without censure or disapprobation.
[Applause in the galleries.]
Mr. COX. 1 hope the Chair will preserve or-
der. [Laughter.) I presume he will not hesitate
to clear the galleries now.
Mr. LONG. I came into this House and de-
livered my speech on Friday. Tho Speaker of
the House knew that I was going to deliver itand
manifested much kindness in respect to it. He
evinced much disposition to give me the floor.
Other gentlemen on the other side of the House
knew 1 was going to deliver it, and I told them
I would go a bow-shot beyond anything that had
been yet said.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman will bear me
witness that he never said anything of that char-
acter to me.
Mr. LONG. Certainly I did not say that to
the Speaker, but I did to a number of gentle-
men now in their seats on that side of the Cham-
ber.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will allow mo for
a moment, I want to know from gentlemen on
the other sideot the House wheiher some of them
were not advised when they went into the Hall
on Friday last of the precise character of the
speech he proposed to make, and that it would be
for the recognition of the South?
