THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
• , U
_THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDING-S OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED 33 Y JOHN cT RlYEg^lVA^-II.^Fl'ONT
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 2, 1864.
New. Smuts Ko. 1G.4.
men that were to take it six months ago. I sub-
mit that nobody who understands this measure
and knows what it is can oppose it, unless he
desires to deprive n^en otherwise qualified from
casting their votes next Monday.
Now, sir, it is not for any disrespect to the
Committee for the District of Columbia, it is not
with any disposition to take matters that properly
belong to that committee away from itthat I make
this motion. It isn motion which is made every
day by the friends of measures which are upon the
Speaker's table, and which they desire to have
passed. Itisthe every-day practice for members
to move to-take up hills and put them on their
passage without reference to a committee, and it
is done without any reflection upon the commit-
tees to whom such measures would otherwise be
referred. It is not done because members have
not confidence in the committee, but because the
reference of bills to committees in the last days of
ithe session is equivalent to the killing ofthe meus-
ureg. In the case of a measure which can be con-
sidered fairly, and understood on its merits in the
House, and which ought, if passedjit all, to be
passed at once, any member of the House ca"S,
with all faith to the House and respect to its com-
mittees, move to put it ujftin its passage. 1 trust
that upon a question whether men otherwise qual-
ified to cast their votes, but not registered, shall be
permitted to vote, there can be no political divis-
ion in this House, I trust that political divisions
in the House are not to rest upon the question
whether we are to peimit or to prevent legal voters
from casting their votes in this District where we
have jurisdiction. I have heard no argument from
anybody who seems to have read this resolution
that caii for a moment have any weight upon the,
question of postponement. I now calfthe previous
question.
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I move to lay
the motion to leconsider upon the tiible, and on
that motion I demand the yeas ami nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question \yas taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 57, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allrm, Aneonn, Jaeoh B Blnir,
Blis?, James S. Brown, Chanler, Coftroth, Cox, (Ji.iven*,
Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edqeiton, Eklrnlge, English,
Futck, Ghhsoii, Gixder, Hall, Harding, flartington. CiuiricH
MjJIutiib, Heniek, llohnan, UutcUins-, Philip Johnson,
William Johnson, Kalbfieisch, Kernan, ICnapp, Law, Le
Blond, Long, Mallory, Mdicy, McAllister, McDowell,
Jamos R. Moi lis, Morn on, Ocfel 1, John O'Nei! 1, Pnndletoji,
Pruyn, Radford, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scott, John B.
Steele, William G. Steele* Stiles, hJwrt.it, W.uJswojjh,
Wheeiei, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Wmficld,
and Fernando Wood—57.
NAYS—Meshis. Alley, Allison, Ames, Atidcson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blame, Boyd,
Broouioll, Ambtosc W. Claik, Cobb, Colo, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawes, Deming. DonnolJy, Eekley, Eliot, Fains-
woitli, Fenton, Fiank, Garfield, Gooch, Gnnnell. Hale,
IJigb>, Ilotehktss, Aftihel W. Hubbard, John U. Hubbard,
Hulbui'd, Tngersoll, Jeisckes, Keiley, Fianeia W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellog, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeClurg. Sam-
uel F. Miller, Moriill, Daniel Mortis, Amos Myeis, Leon-
aid Myeis, Charle&G'Neill, Oith, Patteison, Perhain, Pike,
Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice,
John H. Rice, Edward H. Koihns, Schenek, Seofirkl,
Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Upson, Van
Valkpnburgh, Ehhu B. Wasliburne, William ft. Wash-
burn, Wdllams, Wilder, Wilson, Window, and Wood-
bridge—73.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table. *
During the roll-call,
Mr. THAYER stated that he was paired for
to-day and to-morrow upon ali political questions
with his colleague, Mr. Randall, or he would
have voted no.
  Mr. STILES stated that Mr. Strouse was ab-
sent on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. WILSON announced that Mr. Kassoh
was detained from the House by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded. #
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, which was on reconsider-
ing the vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. ELDltlDGE called for the yeas a'nd nays,
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
164
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Hotchkiss
and Le Blond were appointed.
The House divided; and tlm tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and.it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 53; as follows:
Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ar-
nold. Ashley, Baily, John D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine,
Boyd, iJiooniallj Ambiosc W. Chuk, Cobb, Cole, Thomas
1. Davis, Dawes, Dcminjr, Donnelly, Diisres, Eeklev, Eliot
Famswoit.li, Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Hale", Hisbv'
Hooper, floicbkiss, Asahel W. Uubbaid, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd, tn«cr«oll, J.-nokoc, France W. Kollogg, Orlando
KeHojjg, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McClnrg, Samuel F. Mil-
ler, MoniiJ, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Ch.iiles O'Neill, Oith, Patterson, Pet ham, Pike, Pomeroy.
Puce, William tl. Rand-ill, Alexander H. Rice, John Ii!
Rice, Edvvaid H. Rollins, Sclienck, Scofiold, Shannon,
Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Stevens, Thomas. Up«on, Van
Valkenbnrgh,E!ihu B. Washhnmo, William tt. Washburn,
Williams Wilder, Wilson, Windom, and Wooilbiidge—75.
ft AYS—-Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancomt, Ausui-tus O.
Baldwin, Bliss, Drooler, James S. Biown, Chant er,CoffiOtl),-
Cox, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Ekh idsc, EnplKh, Fmel<
Ganson, Gridcr, Hall, Harding, Uaunigtou, Hmnck, Hol-
man, Ilntcbms, Philip Johnson", William Johnson, Kalb*
ticisch, Kernan, Kuapp, Law, 2,e Blond,-Eon**, Maifoty,
Marey, McDowell, James it. Morris,-MoirUon, Noble,
Odell, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ross,
Se©it, John 13. Steele, W itli.im G. Steele, Ptiouse, ^weai
Watl-ivvoiih.Wfioeler, ChillonA. White, Joseph VVAVhit^,
and Fernando Wood—53.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Tho question recurred on the reference of the
bill to the Committee for the Dissirirtof Columbia '
Mr. DAWES. On that I move tiie previous
question,
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I would like
the gentleman from Massachusetts to yield to me
for a few moments to make a statement.9
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. S1EELE, of New York. I desire to say
that the condition of the business before the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia is such that
there is no sort of difficulty whatever in consid-
ering this bill and reporting it here and putting:
it on its passage on Friday next; provided a ma-
jority of the committee shall decide to report it.
i hardly think that the gentleman is much afraid
to trust to that committee, for a majoiuy of its
members have voted with him, and that nmjufity
can report the bill, without regard to whether the
chairman is willing or not,
Mr. DAWES. if the gentleman had the
slightest amendment to offer to such a simple
proposition as this 
Mr. STEELE, of New York. I have not had
an opportunity to examine the bill. The gentle-
man consented to refer the bill to the District
Committee, and we have never had an opportu-
nity to examine it,
Mr. DAWES. I insist on the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. COX. Has the bill been printed r
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not informed
whether it has been printed by order of the
House. It may have been printed by order of the
Senate.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I desire unanimous
consent to put an inquiry to the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
There was no objection.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I wish to ask thegen-
tleman whether he will permit amendments to be
offered to the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I will hearany amendment the
gentleman will suggest, I would like to hear an
amendment to so simple a proposition as this.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. There is one amend-
ment that I would like to offer to the bill.
Mr. DAWES. Let me hear what it is.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The amendment
which 1 wish to offer to the bill is, that in taking
tho oath of voters, they shall also be required to
take the oath that they have been for twelve
months past residents of this city and that they
have no legal residence in any other place. j
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know how any |
man can have a residence in this eity and al o 
have a residence elsewhere. ' i
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Then (here can be no
objection to the amendment which I propose.
The SPEAKER. The main question is'or-
dered. K .
MESSAGE FROM TIIK SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Foslney, its
Secretary, announced that the Senate had passed
a joint resolution for the revision of the laws of
the District ofColumbia, in which lie yras directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
REGISTRATION IN THE DISTRICT—AGAtI?.
The House resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution to amend the chaiter of the city
of Washington, the first question being on jis
reference io the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and nays.
• The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 73; as follows:
VLAS—Messrs James C. Allen, Aueona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Jacob B. Blair, Blisa, Brooks, Jame* & Brown.
Chanler, Coffroth, Cox, Dawson, Edeu, Edgcrtoy, Eldndge,
English, Fiuck, Gans>on,Giidrr. Hall, IJ.ijf meUm, UerruH,
llolnian. Ilutolnns, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kalb-
ueNeh, Kei nan, King, Kmtpp. Law, Lazcar, Long, Wallorv,
Maiey, .McAllister, McDowell, Jarueb It. Minn*. Monisoh,
Noble, "Peiullyiori, Piuvn, Radloul, Rons, Scot?, John l .
►Steele, William G. tfteele. Stilp-^, Sweat. Wad-werth,
Waid, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. W Sum,
Wmfield, and Fernando Wood—5.),
NAYS—\ie5.sr^. Alley, Allison, A me?. Andersen, Arnold,
Ashley, John i>. B.iluwm, Baxter, De.aman, Blamo, Uojd,
Amhiose W. Clarlc, Uohlt, Cole, [Jenry Winter D.ivn,
Thomas T. I3<ivis , Dawus-, Doming, Doni <'liv. Oi tag1. Eek-
ley, Eliot, Fainsworih, F-'nton, Kirr.k, Garfield,'Gnoeh,
Gunneil, Hale, Jli by, Uoiehkiss A-ahel W. liuhhard,
jnhn 1j. fJuhb.ud, flnllmid. ttigctsoli, Jruckvs, Pianti- W.
Kellogg, Oilatnlo Kr ll0{jrg, Loan,- L' ng\eat, iMarvui, j\Ie-
Clur^, Samuel F. Milln, Morrill, D.miel Moiriai, Amos
Myers, l.eonard Myms, CJIiarloa O'iVoiH, Pam-r-on,
Purham, Pike, Pouicroy, PiieejWiUinii) H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. l^ioe, John II. Rice, Sehenck, Seofleld,^hantion,
Sloan, tfpaldmg, Stevens, Thomas, Upton, Van Vnfken-
buigh, Elilm B. VVailibuine, Wilh.nn n.Wa-himrn. Wil-
liams, Wilder, WiNon, VVindoift, and Woodhiidije—73.
So the motion to refer was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to a thud reading, and
was accordingly rend the third time.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
if he or any other member of the House can in-"
form us what are the qualifications of an elector
in ihe District of Columbia.
Mr. DAWES. \ think the Committee for the
District of Columbia, of which the gentleman is
a member, ought to understand that.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. "The committee have
not had thesubjectrefoirod to them. Thatiswhat
we desire to have done, so that we may know if
this bill needs amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I think if the gentlemen on
that committee have served until this time with-
out understanding it there would be very little
prospect of their understanding it before Friday..
[Laughter.] I demand the previous question.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. The bill has never
been printed, and the gentleman will not allow
it to be referred so that the committee can under-
stand it. ' e
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN, i move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that motion 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays we^e ordered.
Tlie question was taken; ami it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Augustus C. Baldwin,
Bli-,, James S. Brown, Chanlei, Coftioih, Cox, Dawson
Doni^on, Eden, Ed^erton, Eidtid^e, English, Fn;ek. Ga/i-
sori, Gnder, Hall, Jlairingum, Holman, Uuteluns, Fhilip
Johnson, William Johnson, KalbHoi^eh, Keruan, !£!<>£
Knapp, Law, Long. M.illoiy, Marey, McAllister, McDow-
ell, James K. Morii>, Noble, Odell. Peiuiletuii, Fiuyn, Had*
ford, Ko-.s, Scott, John B tfiueie, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Wheoler, Chilton A White, Joseph W. White, and
Fetnando Wood—47. •
i\A Vri— i\1e>s r , Alley, Aime«. Anderson, Arnold, Ash-
ley, Joan 0. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Jacob B,
Blair, Boyd, Broomall,' Ambrose W  Clark, Cobb, Cole,
