2610
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 81,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Donnelly,
Driggs, EckJey, Eiiot, FarnsVortli, Fonlon, Prank, Gar-
- field, Gooch, Hale, Ehqby, Hotchkiss, Asabcl W. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Bulbuid, Ingersoli, Jenckes, Kellej,
Francis W. Kellogg, Loan, Lonyyear. Marvin, McClurg,
Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers. ChaiJes O'Neill, Ortli, Patterson, Perham, Pnmeroy,
Price, William fl. Randall, Alexander II. lUce, John II.
Rice, Edward HU Rollins, Schenck, ScoQeld, Shannon,
Slnan, Spalding, Steven-?, Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh,Eliliu B. Washburne, William P . Washburn,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Window,and Woodbndge—7*2.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. I move to amend the
title so as to make itread: "A.bill to providethat
the residents of Washington may vote in two
p1nc<*s." [Laughter ]
Mr. DAWES. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the title.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment to the title was disagreed to.
The title was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the title and the bill were passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
KENTUCKY AND EAST TENNESSEE 11AILUOAD..
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the consideiaUon of joint resolution
(H. 11. No. 83) authorizing the President to con-
struct a military railroad from the valley of the
Ohio to East Tennessee, postponed on the 25th,
instant until to-day, nnd made a special order.
The joint resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas, in accordance with the recommendation in hi*
annual uh^ni^c uflbOl, the President of the United Slates
was authmi'/.ed by an act o( Uo «tes«i, approved Janmtiy
31, j8b2, to open and construct a military railroad from the
valley of the Ohio river into East Tcnne^ee, ov«r Kuch
loute ami under t-nch conditions as in hid judgment seemed
just mid most judicious; and whereas said act was modi-
fied and partly repealed by a joint resolution, approved
July M, 1862, restraining the Prcs-nlent from exereisingthe
discretion confided in linn by said not; and whereas in a
special nichsage, dated April 28, 16(3*1, m accordance with
the Miong leeoinmeiHlations oi all tin1 genei.ih Miece<-
w;vi■ Iv e.nnni.iniiing in the dep.n nnem oi tin Ohio, the Pres-
ident has e.dled the attention ol <!oimr<\-s again to the im-
poi tance of an eaily completion ol sard military railroad as
«i measure oi economy in tiuusportation ol buppliCvS and
men to the valley of East TemnN-.ee, a^ a nuvnw of sup-
pressing the icbelhon, and as a perpetual bond ot Union:
Therefore,
He U- resolved hy the St!)\alc and House of Representatives
of the United Slates o/Aincricn in Congress assembled, That
the PicsldeiU he, and he is hereby, autbon/.ed toeonstmct
said military ro.ul on such route, with reference to econ-
omy, sw in hi-i judgment may be most advisable, ami in
such a manner a-- in.iy be:>t heive the interests of the Gov
eminent ttnd insine ihe most speedy completion of said
road.
Mr.SCHENCK. The construction of this rail-
road is a subject, which has attracted the attention
of the military authorities of the country since tiie
commonccment of the war. The gentleman on
the committee who framed the resolution has em-
bodied so many of the reasons for passing it in
the preamble that 1 do not think it necessary to
consume any time in its discussion. I will sim-
ply say a word.
rjiia rotid is needed, is essentially necessary
for military purposes in holding East Tennessee,
in order to keep open communication between the
valley of the Ohio and East Tennessee.
• I will say, in addition, that the condition of the
people of East Tennessee requires that this road
should be constructed to connect them with the
loyal part of the Union. Their condition is such
as to make this a great humanitarian measure, in-
dependent of its necessity.
In both views, then, as a military necessity for
the Government and as an act of absolute mercy
and justice to the people of East Tennessee, this
road ought to be constructed and constructed im-
mediately. if it had been constructed before the
repeal of the former ptfcver given to the President
on this subject, it would have long since more
than repaid all the cost of Us constiuction. It
will not require more than fifty miles by the route
proposed to connect and make a complete line.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me when he has concluded his remarks.
Mr. SCHENCK. \es, etr. It is not neces-
sary to consu urr the road the whole length of
what seems to be the whole line. A short link
will make incomplete connection.
I will add further, that the services of colored
men employed by the Government and the labor
of the Army combined will not make it proper that
the Government should be put to any unneces-
sary expense; very little, indeed, if any at all, be-
yond the cost of the it on put down on the track.
With these few remarks, I will now yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky, before calling for the
previous question. '
Mr. MALLORY. I will detain the House
but a moment, i wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio, for I did not hear the bill dis-
tinctly, whether the route is indicated by the bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. Not by the bill; but only
as we understand from General Burnside, Gen-
eral Foster,and others who have been in command
there, that by constructing fifty miles we will
make the connection.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to the House that
some two years since, at the suggestion of lead-
ing men of Kentucky and Tennessee and myself,
the President recommended the construction of a
road from a point in Kentucky at or near Danville
to Knoxville, in EastTennessee. I was then chair-
man of the Comrmttee on Roads and Canals, and
prepared a bill which the committee authorized me
to repoit to the House, providing for the construc-
tion of a road from Danville, in Kentucky, to some
point at or near Knoxville, Tennessee, on the
Virginia and Tennessee railroad. While I was
holding that bill in my possession, the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] then at the head of
the Military Committee of this House, reported a
bill, I think, to,increase the engineer force of the
Army of the United States, to which ha appended
a section that the President should have power
to construct any line of railroad, complete any in-
completc line of load, or take possession of any
line of railroad he might deem necessary for the
operation of the Government. That was passed
by the House and Senate, and became a law, and
is a law yet. Deeming that the object I sought by
the bill which I had been directed to report by the
Committee on Roads and Canals had been secured
by this, I held it m my possession, and never re-
ported it to the House. Some time afterwardsa
gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Tumble, introduced a
joint lesolution, repealing so much of the mili-
tary bill to which 1 have referred as authorized the
construction, completion, or u&e of these roads.
That repealing resolution passed this House, but
failed to pass the Senate; and the law conferring
this power on the President now stands upon the
statute-book.
The President has now as much power as he
will have if the pending bill be passed. I admit
ill# is an important measure. 1 have tried to im-
press the House with my view of its importance
on more than one foimer occasion. I am glad
that it has been broughtforward this morning by
the gentleman from Ohio. It is important not
only for the military necessities of the Govern-
ment but for the uses of the people after the war
is over. 'We have expended vast sums of money
to carry on this war and sacrificed thousands and
hundreds of thousands ofhves the utility of which
may be questioned by humanitarians; but in times
to come this act will stand as a monument in our
honor. History will lecord the fact that these
thousand millions of treasure have not all been
poured out without leaving a trace except in hec-
atombs of slam, in auffonng, and destruction.
I hope this great work will be finished. By
it not only will the military operations of the
Government be facilitated and millions be saved
to it in the transportation of Army supplies, but
remote regions be brought almost into contact;
and long after this war shall cense, the commer-
cial intercourse between the fai-distant sections
of our country which U will establish will con-
tinue to pour its blessings on a once more happy
and united nation. I)y it, sir, the great lakes of
the North will be connected by continuous rail
with the cities on the Atlantic coast and the Gulf
of Mexico, and the bonds of union strengthened,
should this war be brought to the conclusion so
ardently prayed for by every patriot, a preserved
Union, and the restoration of peace and harmony
to our suffering and distracted people. Should
our prayers and efforts prove in vain,should dis-
cord and war continue until our Government is
destroyed, our people permanently estranged and
divided, and our country become a scene of des-
olation and rum, then it will not matter whether
we have expended out efforts aud our treasure on
this great work or not.
Although I am persuaded that the President
has the power under existing law to construct
this road, yet I see no objection in that to the
passage of this act, reaffirming that power. It
may, by indicating to him the desire of this House
that this work shall be constructed, incite him to
commence at an early day a road that should be
now finished, and which, if it had been completed
a year ago, would have saved the Government,
in the cost of transportation, more than twice the
amount of its cost.
Mr. SMITH. The President informed me that
hq had some delicacy in proceeding with this
matter after the action of Congress, as referred to
by my colleague, [Mr. Mallory.] The gentle-
man will remember that in 1862, as well as in
1863, this project was put on foot; prior, how-
ever, to the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Ohio to repeal the previous action of Con-
gress. Engineers were called out, and the route
indicated upon which the road should be built.
In the midst of the work which had just begun,
and which if continued would have completed the
road and put it in running order before this time,
the action of Congress to which reference has
been made was taken, and thereby the whole
thing was broken up. The President has in-
formed me that he could not, under the action of
Congress, proceed with the building of the road
without some further action.
Now, as has been remarked by the two gentle-
men who have preceded me," this road is a short
one, and makes a direct communication with east-
ern Tennessee, which is now the basis of opera-
tions of the army in that section of the country.
The testimony of Generals Burnside and Foster
before the committee was that Knoxville was an
important post, the poiat which the Government
must hold in the event the war is to continue any
length of time. When the war will close none of
us can tell; and as to the necessity in the future
of holding IOioxville as an important military
point no one can doubt. Chattanooga, is south of
Knoxville, and Knoxville must be supplied by
sending stores first to Nashville, from Nashville
to Ch'nttanooga, and thence to Knoxville, making
a distance of over six hundred miles.
It will also be seen from the geography of the
country that it requires an immense force and a
tremendous expenditure of money to protect those
roads to prevent their being cut. A large num-
ber of bridges are upon those three roads, which
are constantly being cut by guerrilla parties, and
bridges burned, and supplies cutoff. If this road
is built from theOhio river immediately to Knox-
ville—of which about one hundred and ten miles
are already built—the distance will be shortened
by from two hundred to one hundred and thirty
miles, and that will reduce the number of men re-
quired to protect it, and ueduce the expenditures
of the Government in supplying that region ten-
fold.
In the expedition of General Burnside to West
Tennessee, in 1&63, no one can conceive, unless
he has the figures before him, of the vast amount
of money which was required to carry his army
to Knoxville. No one can imagine the amount
of labor which was required to prepare the roads
so that wagon*trains could go over them; and no
man can imagine the amount of money expended
in horses, cattle, and mules to transport the ne-
cessary supplies for even the ?mall army under
General Burnside. And I have no doubt that if
the Government had built that road one year
ago it would have saved from three to five mil-
lion dollars in the short space of ten or twelve
months. If that road is built now—and I under-
stand from military gentlemen that it can be built
in eight or ten months without trouble, for it runs
through a fine wooded country, and will require
but few bridges—it will save to this Government
millions and millions of dollars; and not only
that, it will enable you to hold Knoxville as„a
great central point, and as an essential point to
the prosecution of this war. It will supply the
army there; and not only there, but the army all
the way down South. And it will notonly sup-
ply your army and be a benefit to your Govern-
ment, but I tell this House and the country that
it will feed five hundred thousand people who are *
to-day almost in a state of starvation. It feeds
within the mountain regions of East Tennessee,
eastern Kentucky, and western Virginia five hun-
dred thousand true, loyal, and devoted men, aijd
