APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
[December 10„
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
and expansion of currency, whether metallic or
paper.
it has been already seen that the amount re-
quired for general disbursements, exclusive of
payments on account of public debt, for the three
last quarters of the current fiscal year, was, on
the 1st of October last, $579,457,567 89, of which
sum $115,300,000 were expected from ordinary
sources, and the remainder, $464,157,567 89, was
expected from loans.
The receipts and expenditures during October
and November, other than on*account of princi-
pal of debt, amounted cach, so far as has been
ascertained, to $147,060,731 1G, without balance.
Of these receipts, $35,629,703 18 were from or-
dinary sources, and $111,931,027 98 from loans,
either temporary or permanent, leaving to bo ob-
tained during the remaining seven months from
ordinary sources$79,670,296 82, and from loans,
$352,226,539 82. On the basis of these two
months, the receipts and expenditures from ordi-
nary sourccs for the last throe quarters of the year
will respectively exceed the general estimates by
$43,033,604 31, and $39,5-32,257 72, making a dif-
ference in favor ofthe country of$3,501,406 59.
The Secretary admits, therefore, no apprehen-
sion of deficiency on comparison with estimates,
si) any of the ordinary sources of income, except,
perhaps, the internal revenue; nordoes he antici-
pate any formidable difficulty in providing the
amount to bo obtained from loans; especially if
the successes vouchsafed by a gracious Providence
to our armies during the last nine months shall
continue to attend them.
Hut no one can be more profoundly convinced
than himself of the very gieat impoitance of pro-
vidingevon a largeramountthan is estimated from
revenue. To eheek the increase of debt must bo,
in our circumstances, a prominent object, of patri-
otic solicitude. The Secretary, theiefore, while
submitting estimates winch require large loans,
mid while he thinks it not very difficult to nego-
tiate them, feels himself bound, by a prudent re-
gard to possible contingencies, to urge on Con-
gress efficient measures for the increase of revenue.
It is possible that a limited additional amount
of incoriic may be derived from judicious modifi-
cation of some provisions of the laws imposing
duties on foreign imports; but the chief reliance
for any substantial increase, and even for lho pre-
vention of possible decrease, must be on internal
duties.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue recom-
mends an increase of the tax on bank note ciicu-
Jatiou to two and two fifths percent ; an iucieuse
of the duty on di.stilled spirits to sixty cents per
gallon; an increase of the duty on tobacco to
twenty cents per pound on loaf, and from five to
twelve cents, according to quality, on manufac-
tured; a duty often cents per gallon on crude pe-
troleum; a duty of two cents per pound on cotton;
the repeal of the tobacco and petroleum drawbacks;
and various other changes of the internal revenue
laws, designed to augme.nt the receipts from this
source. In the particular recommendations just
mentioned, the Secretary fully concurs,, and com-
menda all his suggestions to careful attention.
The enactment of such laws as will secuie an in-
crease of the internal revenue to the amount ori-
ginally estimated, of one hundred and fifty millions
a year, is required by the strongest considerations
of public policy.
Hitherto the expenses of the war have been de-
frayed by loans to an extent which nothing but
the expectation of its speedy termination could
fully warrant.
In his first report, submitted at the special ses-
sion in July, 1861, the Secretary stated his con-
viction that, to a sound financial condition, a
system of taxation cm tain to produce a sufficient
revenue to pay the whole ordinary expenses of
the Government in times of peace, and the entire
interest on the public debt, and to create a grad-
ually increasing fund for the redemption of its
principal, was indispensable. Itwas not import-
ant, so long as itscemed highly probable that the
war would be speedily brought to a successful
close, that the revenue should largely exceed the
ordinary expenditures and the interest. On the
contrary, it seemed wisest to obtain the means
fornearly the wholeof the extraordinary expend- i
iturcs by loans, and thus avoid the necessity of
any considerable increase of the burdens of the
people at a time when the sudden outbreak of
flagitious rebellion had deranged their business,
and temporarily diminished their incomes.
The financial administration of the first fiscal
year after the outbreak of the rebellion was con-
ducted upon these ideas. The acts of Congress
at the extra session of July, 1861, were framed
with the intention of supplying the full amount
of revenue demanded by them. But receipts dis-
appointedexpectation,and itsoon became obvious
thatamuch larger proportion of the meansneeded
for the fiscal year 1862, than the principle adopted
would allow, must be derived from loans.
When, therefore, Congress assembled in reg-
ular session on the first Monday of December,
1861, the Secretary directed attention to the ne-
cessity of increased taxation. The responsibility
was promptly assumed by Congress, and the in-
terna) revenue law was enacted, and such modifi-
cations of the tariff act were made that ample
provision for the desired objects was now sup-
posed to have been certainly secured. It was not
expected, however, that the influence of this
legislation would affect the results of the then
current year. Nor did it affect them. The total
receipts from ordinary sources to the close of that
year, June 30,1862, were insufficient for the pay-
ments expected to be made from them. The re-
ceipts were $51,935,720 76, while the disburse-
ments for the civil service, for pensions and In-
dians,and for interest, were $37,701,801 11; leav-
ing only $14,233,919 65 for the War and Navy
^Departments, the expenditures of which in the
last year of peace had been $27,922,917 24, and
nothing at all for oxtraoidinary expenditures or
a sinking fund.
In his report at the December session, 1862, the
Secretary, considering this deficiency, and assum-
ing the correctness of the estimate of $150,000,000
as the amount of receipts from internal duties, and
taking double the expenses of the War and Navy
Departments m the last year of peace as the
amount likely to be annually required after the sup-
pression of the rebellion, expressed the opinion
that the probable receipts under the legislation of
the preceding session would meetall ordinary ex-
penditures for the fiscal year 1863, and interest, and
leave a large surplus to beapplied, for the present,
to the extraordinary disbursements of the war,
or, after its close, to the reduction of debt. In
that report, therefore, and m his subsequent com-
munications to the proper committees, the Secre-
tary suggested no increase of taxation, but confined
his recommendations to other measures for the
improvement of the public credit, among which
those relating to loans and to uniformity of cur-
rency held the foremost place.
Congress gave effect to these recommendations
by'the loan act and the national banking act, but
at the same time somewhat diminished the ex-
pectation of income by modifications of the inter-
nal revenue act.
Notwithstanding this diminution, however,
and notwithstanding the much larger diminution
caused by the failure of receipts expected from in-
ternal duties unaffected by this legislation, the Sec-
retary has now the satisfaction of being able to
show that the actual receipts of thelast fiscal year
did pay the whole interest, the whole amount of
ordinary expenditures, estimated for the Army and
Navy at double those of the last year of peace,
and a portion of the extraordinary expenditures
which, under the circumstances, was equivalent
to a payment into a sinking fund.
Titus the, total amount of receipt* during the fiscal year
186.'? was $134,443,313 29
While the expenditures were:
For the civil service and for pensions and
Indians $37,470,442 87
For interest  24,7^,846 61
And would have been, lor
ordinary disbursements of
War and Navy Depart-
ments, estimated at double
those of the lust year of
pcace    55,845,834 48
 108,046,123 96
Leaving difference between receipts arid or-
dinary expenditures applicable to extraor-
dinary cxpenditinesior a sinking fund....$10,397,189 33
Had it been possible, therefore, to suppress re-
bellion and restore expenditures to a peace basis
after one year of war, and before the 1st of July,
1862, there would have been a balance on the 1st
of July, 1863, of more than sixteen million dollars
applicable to the reduction of debt.
So, assuming as correct the estimates of re-
ceipts and disbursements for the current year 1864,
based on actual receipts and expenditures of one
quarter, and making the total amount of receipts
$161,568,500 35, and taking the disbursements
for the civil service, pensions, and Indians, to be
$42,108,126 33, for interest, $59,165,136 38. and
forthe ordinary expenses of the Army and Navy,
as before, to be double those of the last year of
pcace, or $55,845,834 48, and deducting the total
of these disbursements, $157,119,097 19, from the
total of receipts, there will remain an unexpended
balance of $4,049,403 16. Had it been possible
to suppress rebellion after two years of war, and
before July, 1863, this sum would have been ap-
plicable to the purposes of a sinking fund.
So, also, assuming again as correct the general
estimates of receipts and expenditures for the
next fiscal year, 1865, the total receipts for the
year will be $206,836,539 93; while the expendi-
tures for the civil service, and pensions, and
Indians, xvill be $37,604,499 54; for interest,
$85,387,676 15; and for the Army and Navy, ob-
serving the rule already stated, $55,845,834 48,
making a total of $178,838,010 17, which sum,if
deducted from the total of receipts, will give a re-
mainder of $27,998,529 76. Should the rebellion
be suppressed after three years of war, and be-
foie the 1st of July, 1864, that remainder will be
applicable to payment of debt.
These statements are subject to some modifica-
tions besides those which may result from errors
of estimates; but these cannot reduce, though they
may increase, the applicable balances, and there-
fore cannotaffect unfavorably any deductions from
the figures which have been given.
These statements illustrate the great importance
of providing, beyond all contingency, for ordi-
nary expenditures and interest on debt, and for
the largest possible amount of extraordinary ex-
penditures, by taxation. In proportion to the
amount raised above the necessary sums for ordi-
nary demands will be the diminution of debt, the
diminution of interest, and the improvement of
credit. It is hardly too much—perhaps hardly
enough—to say that every dollar raised for ex-
traordinary expenditures or reduction of debt is
worth two in the increased value of national se-
curities, and increased facilities for the negotiation
of indispensable loans.
These statements illustrate equally the import-
ance of an economical and vigorous prosecution
of the war. No prudent man will recommend
economy at the expense of efficiency. Such nom-
inal economy is real extravagance. Butefficiency
is not promoted by profusion or waste,and, least
of all, by misuse of public money or publtcprop-
erty. Every dollar and every man are freely of-
fered by a generous people; how sacred the obli-
gation that not one man should be wasted, and
not one dollar misapplied! Nor is rashness, in
war, vigor. But the vigilance that misses no op-
portunity, the energy that relaxes no effort, the
skill that vitalizes all resources, and the persever-
ance that never grows weary, these make true
vigor. If by such vigor the rebellion can be sup-
pressed and the war ended before the 1st of July
next, the country will be saved from the vast in-
crease of debt which must necessarily attend its
continuance during another year, and the debt it-
self can at once be placed in a course of steady
reduction. And whenever progressive payment
shall begin, the value of national securities will
rapidly rise, and reduction in rates of interest will
gradually diminish the burdens of debt.
While the Secretary thus earnestly urges that
the largest possible proportion of expenditure be
provided by direct contributions from the prop-
erty and incomes of the people, he is aware that
a still larger proportion must, as yet, be provided
by loans.
In the creation of debt, by negotiation of loans
or otherwise, the Secretary has kept four objects
steadily in view: (1) moderate interest; (2) gen-
eral distribution; (3) future controllability; and
(4) incidental utility.
