1804.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16315
Hall, Haicling, Haitinston, Benjamin G. Harris^ Iler-
rick, Holm.ui, HiiteluiK, Wilknin Johnson, ICalbfleweh,
Koiiinn, Kin<r, Knapp, Law, Lazear, ISJalioty, Marey,
McDowell, MeKiuney, William H. Millei. James It. Mor-
t t<, M<ui i^m, IVel.-on, Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, I'emilc-
ton,Pciry, Piuyn, Radford, Samuel J« Randall, William H.
Randall, ltobui%ou, Roger-, James S. Rollins, Ross, Scoit,
Snjitlij Stehbins. John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Strode, Stuart, Sweat, Vooihce.., Ward, WeMei,
Wheelei, Chilton A White, Joseph W. Whits, Wnifiel<l}
Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—71.
\TA Ytf—'Me.w.3. Alii'.v, All it on, Anic^, Anderson, Arnold,
A-^ilev, Jolin D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainai;, Rhune, Bout-
well, Bojd, Amlno^e W". Ciaik, Cobb,Cole, Dawes, Dom-
ing;, nu« ', Rumoin,13  kley,Faiii^vvorth, Flunk. Gaifieid,
Gunnel!, lli^bj. Hooper, i!otchkis<?, John II. 'llubbard,
Jenckes, Julian. Ka^on, Kelley, Fnmei* W. Kcilotft,
Uil.mdo Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeBnde,
MeCiurg, Mchuloe, Moiull, Daniel Moiru=, Amos Mvers,
N«ilon, Chailes O'Neill, Ortli, Paifoison, Pcih.im, Pike,
Pomeioy, Piice, Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rice,
ycbenck. Shannon, Sloan, Smithers Starr, Stevens,
Thayer, Upson, Van Vnilcenbui^i, £Jihu B. VVaM.burne,
Wiiliam B. Washburn. Wiidei, Wi^on, Wnuiom, and
Woodbitdge—69.
So tjie second resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the pteamble.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
iVlr. ilOLMAN. 1 call for a division of the
question on the preamble.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The preamble
will be read, and the gentleman will designate the
point at which lie pioposes it shall be divided.
The Clerk read the preamble.
Mr. HOLM AN. It does not seem to be divis-
ible, and J withdiaw my call foi a division.
Air. COX. 1 think it js very properly divis-
ible by .striking-out all after " whercas"and leav-
ing that standing. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLM AN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the preamble.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aimmative—yeas 78, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Me>sr-. Alley, Alli-on, Anio>\ Anden-on.Arnold.
Ashley, U.tilv, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Seaman,' Blame,
Bourwell, Boyd, Broomall, Ambrose W. Clmk, Cobb, Cole,
Cief-well, Dawes, Diijr'r.-s Duinont,Eckley, Fiunk,Gailield,
Cooch,Ginmell, Ilighy, Hooper, Ilotehkiss, Joins 1/. Hub'
but Jeneke^, Jniiun, ICa^ion, K el lev, Finney W. Kellogg,
Oilando Kellosg, Loan, Longyeai, Mama, MeBnde, Me-
Cliiii,'. Alefndoe, Hamuel F. MiiIei,Moinll, Daniel Motrx,
Ahuk Myery,X^eonatdMyoiy,^oitotijCliailesO'Neill,Oith,
Pjtteivon, Pr'ihaul, Pike, Pomeioy, Puce, William H. Ran-
dall, Alexandet II. Kiec, John II. Riee, Edwaid Ii. Rol-
lins, Seheiiek, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Simtheis, Stan,
SleveiM, Tlmyci, Thoma--, Up-on, Van V.tlkeubumii, Ehhu
B. \\r<i-libuine, William P . Wa^hbuin, VVeh^tei, Whuley,
Wilder. Wilson, Windom. and Woodbudijo—78.
NAYH-Mc^. James Allen, William J. Allen, An-
eona, C Baldum, Bh.--, Jame? S. Brown, Wil-
liam G. Brown, Chatiier, Clay, Cothoth, Cox, Dawson.
Deacon, lOden, JOIdiidife, Finek, Gannon, Gndei, Hall,
Benjamin G Ham-, lleu'iek, tlolman, Hutchm?,
William Johnson, Kalbtlei-ch, Kernan, Knapp, Law, L.i-
y.ear, Maiey, McDowell. McKmne\, William II. Millei,
Jame.s R. Moiris, Morn-nn, iVeNon, Noble, Odcll, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pony, Piuyn, Rudfoal, SamuelJ. Ran-
dall, Robin>on, Boyer^, Jame* S. Rollins, Ro-s. Scott Steb-
bm-j, John B Sleele, William G. Steele, Stroiwe, Stuait,
Vooihee-. Wanl, Wln-clei, Glnlton A. White, Jose|)li W.
Wiiite, VViiitieid, Fetnando Wood, and Yeaman 63.
So the preamble was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the nible.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAIvL11 pro tempos c, by unanimous
consent, laid before the I'iouse a communication
from the Secretary ol the Tnti-rior recommending
an appropriation for-the Sioux and Winnebago
Indians ot the upper Missouri, lemoved from
Missouri; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be pnnted.
PROHIBITION OF GOLD SALES.
Mr. STEVENS asked consent to report from
the^CommiUee of Ways and Means a bill to pro-
hibit certain sales of gold.
Air. COX. 1 object to that bill.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes 60, noes 64.
Mr. WiLSON. I hope the gentleman from
Omo will withdraw his objection to this bill.
Mr. COX. 1 cannot; and I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreccTto—ayes 58, noes 54.
And the House accordingly (at fiveo'clock and
forty minutes, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 15, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The J ournal ofyestcrday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr, DOOL1TTLE presented seven memorials
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin in
favor of tho establishment of certain mail routes
in that State; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Ho also presented a memorial ofthe Legislature
of Wisconsin in favor of such a modification of
the internal revenue law as will place the capital
invested in the manufacture of agricultural imple-
ments on a level with capital invested in other
branches of business; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Wisconsin in favor of an appropriation to
meet the requirements of the act ol' the 3d of
March, 1864, giving a bounty of $100 to wounded
soldiers dischaigcd fiom the service before the
expiration of two years fiom the time of their
enlistment; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. HENDRICKS presented the memorial of
officers of the Peru and Chicago Railway Com-
pany, n monstiating against the extension of the
Goodyenr patent for the manufacture of vulcan-
ized India lubber; which was re-fened to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. ANTHONY presented a niemot ial of the
president of the Providence, Warien,and Bristol
Railroad Company,remonstratingngamst the ex-
tension of the Goodyear patent for the manufac-
ture of vulcanized India rubber; which was re-
fened to the Committee on Patentsand the Patent
Office.
Mr. DIXON presented a memoi ial of the pres-
ident of tin; Housatonic Railioad Company, le-
monstrating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized
India rubber; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents und the Patent Office.
Mr.COWAN presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of t lie Alleghany Valley Railroad Company,
remonsti ating against the extension of the Good-
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized
Jndia rubber; which was referred to the Com-
miitee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr, A10RGAN presented a memorial of tho i
presiden t of the New York and New Haven Rail- '
road Company ,anda memonnl of the New Yoi If, i
Providence, and Boston Riulroad Company, re- >
monstrating against tiie extension of the Good- j
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized ;
India lubbei, which were return! to the Com- ;
mitue « n Patents and the Patent Office. ,
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of the i
R< nsselaer and Saratoga Raiiioad Company, re- !
munstratmg against tho extension of the Good- ■
year patent for the manufacture of vulcanized I
India rubber; which was icferred to the Com- \
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, j;
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of James ;
R. Kayhs, of lJjktmore, Maryland, piaying for j
an appiopriaiion to enable him to test, under the |i
dueetion of the Secretaiy of the Navy, his in- ;j
venUonofan improved ^conc propeller;55 which '!
was teferird to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of the <:
CI eveland and Toledo Railroad Company,a me- ■!
monal of the Bellefontaine Railroad Company, jj
and a memorial of the Cincinnati and Zancsville 'i
Railioad Company, iemoustrating against the jj
extension of the Goodyear patent for the man- !;
ufacluie of vulcanized India lubber; which weie 'j
reforied to the Committee on Patents and the Pat- '!
ent Office. ij
Air. DAVIS piesenad a memorial of the Lox- ;!
ington and Frankfort Raihoad Company, rcmon- ;
straung against the extension of the Goodyear I
patent for the manufacture of vulcanized India ;
rubber; winch was referred tu the Committee on ■
Patents and the Patent Office. i
Air. CL.ARK presented additional papers re- !
lating to the memorial of Alfred Spink and Daniel
Wolf; which were referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. BUCICALEW presented additional pa-
pers relating to the petition of Rhoda Wolcott;
vvhich were referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Air. SUMNER. Mr. President, I have on my
desk a petition in the following words:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the Xfhited
States in Congress assembled:
The undeisigned, citizens of the United States, believ-
ing slavery tin? great cause of the present rebellion, and an
institution fatal to the life ol republican government, earn-
estly pi ay your honorable bodies to immediately abolish it
thion^hout the United States, and to adopt mmunu lor so
amending the Constitution as forever to prohibit us exist-
ence in any poifion of our common country.
This petition is signed by forty-one thousand
two hundred and eighteen men and women, com-
ing from all of the free States, and some of them
also from slave States, as follows: Louisiana,
Maryland, Florida, and South Carolina. From
Pennsylvania there are more than fifteen thou-
sand petitioners; from New York more than eight
thousand. 1 wilfnot read -the list. As one part of
the prayer of this petition is still before « com-
mittee of this body, I ask that the petition be re-
ferred to that committee—the select committee
on slavery and freedmen.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference will
he made.
Air. MORRILL. 1 beg leave to present a
tneinoti.tl of the colored citizens and tax-payers
of the District of Columbia, who say that they
are tax-payers to no inconsiderable amount, but
have no voice in the disposition of the proceeds
ol then labor; that their loyalty has never been
questioned; thatihey have m the field two regi-
ments of volunteers, and a third is in the course
ot formation; and they respectfully present their
claims for the i ight of suffrage. As that subject
is under consideration before the Senate, 1 move
that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agued to.
PAPEKS WITHDltAWN.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
OidcreJy That William Rullinnn haveleave to withdraw
his pennon and other papeis hum the files of the Senate.
REPORTS FKO.U COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALF, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred papers relating to
the naval services ot Captain S. H. Bissell, of (he
United States Navy, asked tu bedischarged from
their further consideration; which was agreedto.
Air. ANTHONY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was leiened a resolution to print
one thousand copies of' the report of the engi-
neer of the Washington aqueduct, repoited in
favoi of printing the ^tur 6.
The icpoi t was com uued m.
Mr. HENDIUCICS, fiom the Committee on
CI.urns, to whom was lelerivd a joint resolution
(S. No. 8) lor the rebel of the Stare of Wiscon-
sin, lepoi ted it vvJtli an amendment, and submit-
ted a leporl; which was ordered to be printed.
Air. CHANDLER, fiom the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a bili (H. R.
No. llDj to regulate the admeasurement of ton-
nuge ot ships and vessels of the United States,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. FOSTER. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was refeired the petition of Jane B.
Carver, widow of Rev. Robert Carver, chaplain
oi the seventh regiment of Massachusetts volun-
teers, luive directed me to repot t the same back and
to ask that ine committee be discharged fiom the
fui ther con side i ati on ol the petit ion, a general law
now having been passed winch will meet the peti-
tioner's case.
The lepoit was agieed to.
Air, FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was. lefeired the petition of Susan W. Dunmore,
widow ol Rev. Geoige W. Dunmore, chaplain of
the fust legnnent of Wisconsin cavahy, piaymg
fot u pension, have mPtiuctcd me to ask that the
committee: be discharged fiom the further con-
sidctalion of the petition, for the same reason.
Tile lepoit was agieed to.
Mr. FOSTER. The same committee, to whom
was refeired the petition of certain soldiers, set-
ting forth that they volunteered and enlisted in
the service of the United States for the term of
