1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
erai? No one controverts it here. No one says
here or elsewhere bat that there is a general
worthy to. wear this title and to adopt this rank I
and to fill this command to-day.
If we make a lieutenant general at all it seems
to me we should make him for some other pur-
pose than merely to wear a new title or to draw
an additional sum from the Treasury. Wc can
dispose of all the money we can collect without
making a lieutenant general, and we can find ob-
jects enough throughout the country to wear all
the titles we see fit to confer, and who are good
for nothing else but to wear titles and to absorb
money. General Grant, to my understanding,
has proved himself capable of doing something
different from either of these. He has proved
himself capable of filling commands the highest;
and it is because he has that it is proposed to con-
fer this title and this command upon him.
Now, Mr. President, there are those m the Sen-
ate who say that they are entirely willing to see
the pay and the title conferred upon General Grant,
but they hesitate about expressing a wish to see
the command of the Army confened upon him.
I put it to every Senator here to say if he would
deem it an honor conferred upon him to have his
Government say that he had earned a different
title from that which he now bears, and was en-
titled to more pay, but was not entitled to any
higher trust. I put it to the Senate if it would
not be a rebuke and a reproach to General Grant,
rather than a compliment or an act of justice, to
say, "Sir, you have done well; you have won
from the rebellion an empire; we are grateful to
you; you have led our armies further and faster
and surer than any other man toward victory;
we are grateful for this; we will give you a new
title; we will give you additional pay; but we
dare not trust you with any additional command;
we will give you a title which signifies in itself
the highest command in the Army; we will give
you the highest pay given to any officer m the
Army; but we will not trust you with the highest
command." I put it to the Senate if that is not
anything but a compliment; 1 put it to the Senate
if that is not u distinct rebuke and a reproach.
But it is said that to do this thing transcends
the power of the Legislature. I conceive that the
Legislature has already set us a piecedent upon
this very subject. I have before me the original
act which created the rank of lieutenant general;
1 read from the fifth section of it:
" That whenever the Piesident shall deem it expedient,
lie is hereby einpoweied to appoint, by and with Uk; adviee
and consent of the Senate, a commander ot the Army,"
* * * * " who, beinjj conmii^ioned as lieu-
tenant general, may he authotized to command the armies
of the United States," &c.
This is no new precedent; and I did not under-
stand the foice of the answer made to the ques-
tion put by the Senator from Ohio. It is said here
by one portion of those who insist upon sinking
out these provisions, that without them the lieu-
tenant general will ex officio have command of the
armies of the United States. The Senator from
Ohio then put the question: why do you wish to
strike out these words? I do not understand what
answer is made to that. If it be the direct effect
of creating the grade of heutenantgeneral and fill-
ing it to give the lieutenant general the command
of the armies then the insertion of these words
effects nothing whatever.
Mr. FESSEiNDEN. I will answer the Sena-
tor's question. It is to leave with the President
the power of depriving him of the command of
the Army, if he sees fit so to do, at any mo-
ment.
Mr. HOWE. I ask again how he gets com-
mand of the A) my. We make htm a lieutenant
general. That does or does not give him com-
mand of the Army. The Senator says it does
give him command of the Army.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With these words in it
does.
Mr. HOWE. }>ut without these words?
Mr. FESSENDEN". It does of necessity be-
cause he is the highest officer. Nobody else is in
command while he is present. j
Mr. GRIMES. Was not General Scott in com- I
ma rid of the Army when lieutenant general ? I
Mr. WILSON. It puts him over everybody j
else. % 1
Mr. HOWE. The rank of lieutenant general '
does or does not carry with it the authority to |
command the armies of the United States. If it j
doesxan y with it that authority, these words carry
with it no more than that authority, and the Pres-
ident's power over the lieutenant general, it seems
to me, remains just as absolute arid as uncondi-
tional as it is over every other officer. He is still
liable to be dealt with by military law, and can be
suspended from command just the same as any
other officer can.
Mr. GRIMES. Let me say to the Senator what
I understand the law is. If the President of the
United States details or directs a lieu tenant general
to go into the field, nobody can command him; the
lieutenant general is entitled to the command; but,
without the provision which gives htm the com-
mand, the lieutenant general can be left in retir-
acy by the President, and n majorgencral can be
put in command of the Army, just exactly as it
was in the case of General Scott. The Senator
has read the law under which General Washing-
ton was made a lieutenant general, but he has
failed to read to us the law under which General
Scott was made a lieutenant general. That did
not include any of the provisions which the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have very properly
pioposed to strike out of this bill'whioii has been
sent fiom the House of Representatives, and did
not confer the rank which it is attempted here to
confer upon General Grant in the first instance.
Under that General Scott could be sent to the field
and no other person could be put in command
over him. If they saw fit to retain him here he
would be in command of the armies of the United
States; or they could use some other person's ser-
vices in the place of Geneial Scott. That is all
that I as a member of the Senate want to reserve
to the Piesident the light to do in this instance.
Mr. HOWE, lam not here to trench at all
upon the constitutional powers of the President;
but I do oppose, I do resist, and will resist so
far as I can, the idea of making officers with noth-
ing to do, of making officers without office, or
without any authority. When you make a brig-
adier general you make him for the purpose of
commandingabrigade. When you make a colo-
nel you make him for the purpose of command-
ing a regiment. But because you make them for
this piupose it does not repeal the power of the
President to relieve them from theircommandsor
dismiss them from theirofiices. When youmake
a lieutenant general you make him to command
the armies of the United States, and he is no more
independent of the President than another officer
under him. I must insist on that. 1 cannot see
how, because you designate the authority which
the lieutenant general is to fill you therefore take
away from the President the powerto iclieve him
from that authority. 1 fiel, as I said in the out-
set, that the striking out of this clause is really a
reproach to this gallant officer, i dislike ex-
tiemeiy to see the words go out £>f the bill.
Mr. WILSON. 1 am sine, Mr. President,
that tin* Senator fiom Wisconsin is altogether mis-
taken m the views he has expressed. There is
no leproach intended, and there eei tainly is no re-
proach in the amendments themselves. I hope
that the amendments proposed by the Committee
on Military Allans will he accepted by the Sen-
ate, for the biilas thus amended makes a lieuten-
ant general who commands the armies of the Uni-
ted States undir the authority of the President.
Full, ample, and complete authority is given. If
General Grant should he appointed—and every-
body knows that he will he appointed 
Mr. WILKINSON. Then why not say so?
Mr. WILSON. Why should you say so?
Why is it pioper foi the Congress of the United
States to teli the President whom he shall nominate?
There is an impropriety in it, if not an indecency
in it toward the Prtsident. There is cei tainly an
impropriety toward the Senate of the United
Stares that is to pass upon the nomination input-
ting into the act a declaration that a certain man
is recommended for the appointment. Everybody
knows that the country expects that General Grant
will be appointed. We expect it. The President
expects it. The President is willing and anxious
to do it; he intends to do it. Then why should we
put this provisional this act? Why not trust the
President? Why not trust the man who has stood j
firmly by Geneial Grant? If General Giant should
be appointed, as ho will be appointed, there will
be no man in America who can give an mder to
him but the Piesident of the United States. Gen-
eral Halleck could notgivehim an order; nobody
could give him an order. General Halleck cannot
command (he armies with a lieutenant general iri
the field. The President of the United States
had no authority to make a junior brigadier or
major general command "a senior brigadier or ma-
jor general until we gave him that authority ne.arly
two years ago. Now the President has author-
ity when officers meet in tho field to designate
which officer of .the same rank shall command,
but he cannot make a brigadier general command
a major general. The President of the Unjted
States cannot put any major general tinder the
command ofa brigadiergeneral. There is no law
in the country authorizing him to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 should like to ask the
Senator fiom Massachusetts a question, so that
we may understand this matter. Suppose the
amendments of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be adopted and the bill is passed and Gen-
eral Grant is made a lieutenant general and is in
the field as such, can General Halleck command
him?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; no, sir;'and no other
man in the country can command him but the
President of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the argument of the
Senator from Massachusetts does not extend to
the amendment, but simply extends to the whole
bill, because his argument will defeat the whole
bill.
Mr. WILSON. My argument is that the bill
as proposed to be amended by the Military Com-
mittee is framed in the proper manner and uses
the proper language. By it the authority of the
Executive is not trenched upon; the proprieties
in leganl to the Senate are not interfered with;
arid the bill in that foi m makes a lieutenant gen-
eral who cannot be commanded by anybody but
the President. He will be the commander of the
Army unless the President of the United States
chooses to set him asHe and send him to some
special command, retire him; in other words,dis-
grace him. The bill as proposed to be amended
gives him the entire power, under the President
of the United States, to command the armies, and
the President has not the power to put any major
general over him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts piopose to make a lieutenant genera!
whom the President may at any time dishonor
and displace by putting a major general in com-
mand ovef him ? If so, 1 would not vote for such
an honor as that.
Mr. WILSON. He cannot do it.
Mr. SHERMAN, lfwe takethc hill precisely
as it is reported by the Military Committee will
it be within the powerof thePicsident to placein
power over General Grant a major general?
Mr. WILSON. No, sir; the President cannot
put a majorgencral over the lieutcnantgeneral. He
cannot put an officer of inferior grade over an of-
ficer of superior £rnde,and I would not vote for
a bill giving him that power.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then if we take the bill as
it comes from the House of Representatives will
it not stand precisely as the Senator snysit ought
to stand? 1 see no distinction.
Mr. WILSON. We understood that it did not
do so, that it forced an officer upon the President,
and that the language in which it was couched
was improper, and that it ought not to be passed
in that form; but by this bill as we propose to
amend it we make him the first military officer
in the country.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts permit mc to make an inquiiy of
him?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to know, if the
Senator can give me the information, if the bill as
ro/ftrted from the Military Committee conforms
to the bills that were passed when Washington
was made a lieutenant geneial and when the same
rank was conferred on General Scott, or whether
the House bill conforms to them or either ofthem?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 can inform my colleague,
if the Senator from Massachusetts "Will allow me
to do so. I have before me the statute of 1798
that authorized the appointment of a lieutenant
general, and this resolution as itpassed the House
of Representatives is diawn in strict conformity
with it. I will read it:
" That whenever the President shall deem It expedient
ho is hereby empowered to appoint, by and with the advice
