mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 11,
stud consent of the Senate, a commander of the army winch
may he'raided by viitue of tin? act, and who being com-
missioned"—
That is the language of this bill—
and who being commissioned as lieutenant general may
be authorized to command the aimies of the United States."
This bill as it passed the House of Represent-
atives was modeled, us near as it could be to adapt
it to the present condition of things, upon the law
passed in 1798 and the resolution in regard to
General Scott. .
Mr/JPHNSON. Permit me to ask tho Sena-
tor a questipn. Is he perfectly certain that this
bill as it passed the House o'f Representatives and
now before us is' identical with the lesolution
passed in 1798?
TRUMBULL. I think in principle it is
identical.
'Mr.* JOHNSON. The language of the act of
1798 is " may be authorized;" ibis is " shall."
Mr. TRUM13ULL. "Who, being commis-
sioned as lieutenant general, shall be authorized,
under the direction of the President," is the lan-
guage of this bill. I do not thin 1c that alters it at
all. Whether the language is "shall he author-
ized, under the diiection of the President," or
" may be authorized," makes no difference. The
words " under the direction of the President" are
left out in the act of 1798. They are inserted in
this House bill,and I think the woid " may" and
the word "shall" would have the same meaning
in thatsentence. Iam sure that the Senator fiom
Maryland is too good a lawyer not to know that
it would not be changed by the changing of those
woids in that connection and in connection with
the other words which are nisei tod.
Now, sir, the resolution under which Major
General Scott was appointed a lieutenant general
did not authorize the creation of a lieutenant gen-
eral except by brevet. It was a different thing
entirely. I will read that lesolution;
"'That the grade of lieutenant general be, and the same
is heieby, icvived in the Auny of the United States, In oi-
dei that'when, in tin- opinion of the Pi evident <nid fcien.iLc,
iryJiali be deemed proper to acknowledge eminent <ei vices
oi a major general of the Auny in flu; late war with Mex-
ico, ui the mode ahead) piovided lot in i-uliouiiuate guides,
the giade of lieutenant general may 1>" - pec tally confeired
l)j Inevet, and by bicvei only, to take rank from the date
ot such service or fcervtces: Provided, however* That when
the said grade ol lieutenant general by bievei tdiali have
oiitc been filled, and have become vaeant, this join! ie*o~
lution shall thereafter expue and be o( no cAeci.'""
Tiiat was the joint resolution under which Gen-
eral Scott was breveted a lieutenant geneial. it
will bo found on examination that the words are
not identical,as the Senator fi oin Maryland says;
but in principle there is no difference, 1 venture
to say, between the bill as it passed the House
of Llepiesentatives and the act of 1798, under
winch General Washington was appointed lieu-
tenant geneial. I have that appointment before
me. The appointment of General Washington
at that time was, if possible, broader than the
law. I do not think it coulu give any additional
power; but it shows how the men of that djiy un-
derstood (he Constitution and the authority of
Congress to provide by law for acommandei of
the Auny. John Adams, then the Piesid< nt of
the United States, m making the nomination to
the Senate used this language:
" J nominate Geotge Washington, of Mount Vei non, to
bo Lieutenant Geneial and (bumn-inder-ni-Uhief ot nil the
aimies raised or to be uummI in the United States."
That was the communication s'Mit by President
Adams to tin- Senate when General Washington
was nominated for lieutenant geueiul; and it will
be observed that by the act of 1798 it was declared
that the person appointed lieutenant gene ml should
be commander of the army " winch may be laised
by viitue of this act, and who being commissioned
as lieutenant general may be authouzed to com-
mand the aimies of the United States, and si tali
be entitled to the following pay,"&c.
" May be authorized" was the language of that
act, and "shall beauthoiized under the direction
of the President" the language of this. The Sena-
tor from Maryland undertakes to draw a distinc-
tion. I cannot see it. If a person may be au-
thorized to command the armies of the United
States by the act of 1798. does he getany gieater
power when the act of 1884 says he "shall beau-
thoiized to command under the direction of the
President?" It is all left to the President. He
canm.t have tins authority without the President's
direction.
Now one of two things is true in regard to this
bill. If, as the Senator from Massachusetts says,
when the bill is amended as the Committee on
Militaty Affans propose to amend it, General
Grant will still as lieutenant general have a right
to command all the armies of the United States,
then leaving the words m does not alter it at all.
The very fact of your making a lieutenant gen-
eral, according to the Senator's argument, places
him above every other officer in the Army of the
United States, and the President has no power to
put any other officer over him. The Senator as-
serts that. If that be so, the House bill does no
moie. Why then amend it? I am rather inclined
to think that the Scnatoris light; that it will come
to that; because 1 observe that this joint resolu-
tion declares that "the grade of lieutenant gen-
eral be and the same is hereby revived." IIow
is it revived? It is revived as it once existed ac-
coidmg to the acts of the Congress of the United
States, that is, the act of 1798. We revive that
act. That act declares that he may be com-
mander of all the armies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "The grade is heieby
revived." We do not revive the act, but the
grade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. " The grade is hereby re-
vived in the Army of the United States." If the
grade is revived it is revived with its incidents,
probably; but I will not undertake to say, and I
think it is much safer to leave the words in the
resolution as it stood when it came ft om the House
of Representatives.
Mr. NESMITH. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois if the woul is " may "oi "shall"
in the act of 1798.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is "may." I have
stated it two or three times; but the construction
of those words, in the same connection, is pre-
cisely the same.
Mr. NESM1TII. Very well; then why not
use the same word here?
Mr. TRUAUjULL. For myselfl havenosort
of objection to putting in the word " may"heie.
I am perfectly willing to strike out the words
" shall, undei the diiection of the Piesulent,"and
to intuit the word " may," if that will satisfy my
ftiond tioni Otegun and my friend from Mai yland.
If we can have their \otes to retain this proposi-
tion, 1, for one, will agiee to sti ike out " shall"
and in.se11" mayand also to ati ike out the words
" under the diiection of the President," and let it
lead exactly like the act of 1798. Let us all har-
monize then upon that, if that will satisfy gen-
tlemen, and not dispute about words.
Mr. GRIMES. Would you not be contcnt
with the act of 1847?
Mr. TRUMP,ULL. No, sir; I would not be
content with the act of 18-17; Then1 is no act of
1847 that I know of m k gaid to this matter. I
suppose the Senatoralludes to the act authorizing
the bievet lank of lieutenant geneial to be con-
ferred on General Scott.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMIjULL. No, sir; I will not vote
for empty honois fur General Grant. Geneial
Giant has achieved a leputation foi himself inde-
pendent of Congtess, and it is not in oui power
to talv it away, lie has won it by his brawny
and sk.li and daiing at the head of our armies,
lie lues let! them to we.tory loo often to be affect-
ed by any resolution that Congi ess may pass here
refusmg him a command. 1 do not think since
we have aheady passed a i esolution thanking him
for his gallantry that a gieat deal will be added
to his laurels by this i< solution as the Military
Committee have leported it—the mere empty
honor of the title of lieutenant geneial. If the le-
vival of the guide does not can y with it any power
it simply entitles linn to be called lieutenant gen-
eral, and nothing moie.
Now, sir, I think we shall be safe if we follow
the piecedents of the fatheis. 1 do not think they
supposed m 1798 that they were encroaching on
the constitulional pierogative of the President,
and I trust that the Senate will consider before it
stnkes out the woids which are now under con-
sideration. If it is desiiable to change these
woids toconfoimto the veiy language ol the very
act of 1798, for one I ha\c no objection to it.
Mr. WILSON. Air. President, I am surprised
to hear Senators talk about degrading General
Giant. We have seventy mnjor generals and wo
propose to make a lieutenant general who shall
rank all these major generals; and by theconsent
of the country, by the consent of Congress, by
the intention of the President, without<apposition
from any quarter, it is proposed to single out Gen-
eral Grant and make him a lieutenant general.
That puts him over every officer and every sol-
dier in the armies of the United States, and gives
$1,100a month as compensation—thirteen or four-
teen thousand dollars a year. Pie is to be selected
from among all the major generals of the regular
or volunteer forces of the country, made a lieu-
tenant general ranking everybody in the country,
and no man can be put by the President ovei him,
and any order he receives must be from the Presi-
dent of the United States. But because we want
to put this bill in proper form, to couch it in proper
language, it is said here on the floor of the Senate
that there is a disposition to degrade General
Grant. Sir, I know that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs had no desire to degrade General
Grant. Every member of that committee enter-
tains for General Grant, and they have all ex-
pressed that opinion, profound respect, admira-
tion and giatitude for past sei vices, and a willing-
ness to give him the honors of the country, and
to place him in a position to command the armies
of the country. I am sure I speak the sentiments
of every member of that committee when 1 make
this declaration.
I therefore express the hope thatweshall amend
the bill as proposed, and the hope that the other
House will concur in the amendments, and that
the bill thus amended will become the law of the
land, that the President of the United States will
piomptly nominate General Grant, that the Sen-
ate will unanimously confirm him, that he will
take the place the law will give him at the head
of the military forces of the United States, and
ihat in the future as in the past he will win vie-
toues for the Republic.
Air. RICHARDSON. Mr. President, I have
a veiy few words to say in reference to thisquvs-
tion, and I propose to confine them principally in
reply to the remarks that have fallen from the
Senatoi fiom Massachusetts. The bill as it came
from the House of Representatives >o far as le-
gal ds the point we are now discussing conforms
to the act that was passed in 1798; and I know
therefore no reason why we should amend it in
the pai ticulars reported by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
If this is to be a mere empty honor confeired
on General Giant I am not so anxious to have
the bill passed. In order that we may make it
available to the country I desire to see somebody
in command of our armies who will conccntiate
them. I believe that if General Grant shall be
nominated and placed in command he will concen-
trate our forces and make them available, as he
has made his army in the West available, and
strike blows and strike them fast. 1 want to get
done with this thing. I want to have it over.
We have armies enough in the field if we had
them concentrated now to soon end it. I desire
to see somebody in command of our aimies who
will concentrate our forces and not scatter them
fiom Maine to the Rio Grande, and expect small
bodies of men to meet the combined forces of an
adversary who combines his forces on a given
point.
Ttisfor that reason that I desire to pass this
bill. I think General Grant has won the distinc-
tion that is sought to be conferred upon him. So
far as the amendments proposed by the Senate
committee are concerned, they have this effect:
while General Grant may be madelicutenantgen-
eral, if he is not by virtue of that appointment
placed in command of our armies subordinate
only to the President of the United States, if he
is sent off' into a particular department, into the
department of Texas or Arkansas or Mississippi,
where, if the Senator from Massachusetts is right,
no other general in the Army could command
him, some other geneial in the Army could com-
mand all the other depai tments: and General
Grant, although he might be lieutenant general,
would only command the department in winch he
was placed. It is for the "very purpose of placing
him in command of all the departments that 1 de-
sire to see the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives in this particular retained; and it
is for this reason that 1 voted against the first
proposition made by the Military Committee to
amend the House bill.
