163fr
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
nine months in the autumn of 18G2, and that at
the time of their enlistment they understood and
believed that they were to receive a bounty of
twenty-five dollars when mustered into service,
according to the act of Congress, approved July*
17, 18(52, have instructed me to report the same
back, and to ask that the committee may be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it may be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, it being, in the judgment
of the committee, more proper to be disposed of
by that committee than the Committee on Pen-
April 15,
The report was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, arid by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
235) to amefid the statute of limitations now in
force in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. FOSTER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 43) authorizing tlin settlement of the
accounts of the late Captain Daniel Hebard, of
the United States volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. HENDRICKS. House bill No. 371, for
the relief of the settlers upon certain lands in
California, has been reported by the Committee
on Public Lands to the Senate with a recommend-
ation that it pass. 1 think a further investigation
of the bill by the committee will save the time of
the Senate. 1 therefore move that it be recom-
mitted to ihe Committee on Public Lands.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the bill will be considered as before the
Senate, and that reference will be made.
DESTRUCTION 01' PROPKR'l'Y )i¥ Till? ARMY.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee on Claims. Oil
the 11th of February last a bill (S. No. J13) to
provide for ascertaining and adjusting claims
against the Government for injury or destruction
of property by the Army of the United States or
by military authority during I he present rebellion,
and for settling the claims of Kentucky against
the United States, was referred to the Committee
on Claims. I desire to ask the chairman of that
committee when the committee will probably re-
poit the bill. It is now upward of two months
since it was referred to that com in n tee. It is an
important bill to sundry of the Slates, and 1 should
be obliged to him and Ins committee, for myself
and for my people, if they would make an early
report upon it.
Mr. CLARK. I think we shall be able soon
to come to the consideration of that bill. The
Committee on Claims keep a regular (locket of
the matters referred to them and take them up in
their order.. I think we have very nearly wm lied
up to that bill, and we shall take it up in its
order.
.Mr. DAVIS. That is a very satisfactory an-
swer, to be sure.
Mr. CLARK. I think we shall reach it very
soon.
LOUrS ROBERTS.
Mr. WILKINSON". I move to take up the
biH (S. No. 234) for the relief of Louis Roberts.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee ot the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Louis Roberts the sum of
$2,740 99, that being the amount of money ad-
vanced by him,'out of his own means, to replace
certain Indian indemnity goods accidentally de-
stroyed by lire in November, 1855, while being-
transported by him from St. Paul, Minnesota, to
Redwood Agency, for R. G. Murphy, United
States Indian agent for the Sioux Indians in Min-
nesota.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH FORD.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No. 228.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. N.o. 228) confirming the
title of Joseph Ford to certain lands in Rice coun-
ty, Minnesota.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. I have only to say that there
is no precedent, I think, in the laws of the United
States for any such grant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. la there a report accom-
panying the bill? -
Mr. HARRIS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have it
read.
The Secretary read the report. It appears that
in the year 1855 Joseph Ford, the memorialist,
filed a preemption claim to the south .half of the
northeast quarter, and the southeast quarter of
the northwest quarter,and the northwest quarter
of the southeast quarter of section six in town-
ship one hundred and eleven of range nineteen in
Rice county, in the State of Minnesota, contain-
ing one hundred and sixty acres of land. In the
year 1858 Fold purchased, in good faith, a land-
warrant (No. 77868) for one hundred and sixty
acres, and paid for the same the sum of $200; and
under it he located and entered the lands above
described in the land office at Henderson, Min-
nesota, which entry was approved and allowed
by the Land Office. Subsequently he expended
about twelve hundred dollars in improvements
upon the land, and put under cultivation a large
portion of the whole and some portion of each
forty acres. In March, 1863, lie was notified (hat
the warrant under winch he.had entered and lo-
cated the lands had been procured by false and
foiged papers, and that it bad been cancelcd with
permission to him to substitute a valid warrant of
the same grade, or to enter the lands with cost
within ninety days from the date of such notice.
Soon after this Ford volunteered as a soldier in
the Army, and has been in the military service
ever since; and owing to the failure of his crops,
sickness in his family,and the neglectof his farm,
consequent upon his going to the war, he has
been, and still is, unable to procure the rreans
wheiewith to puichase another warrant as re-
quired, or to enter tile lands with money. There
is every prospect, therefore, that he will lose, his
lands and the valuable improvements which he
has made unless Congress shall interfere for his
relief.
This is a case which, in the opinion of the
committee, presents the stiongest appeal to the
generosity of the Government. A citizen of the
United States who lias volunteered to servo in the
ranks in defense of his country, who has aban-
doned his family and his home for that purpose,
is in danger of beholding his hard-earned home
swept away fiom him,and his family left without
shelter or means of support, not by any fault of
his, but by reason of the negligence of the offi-
cers of the Government who had issued and put
into circulation it land-warrant which, after it has
been several times sold and assigned, it is now
discovered was originally obtained by false and
forged papers. Theie was nothing whatever on
the face of this warrant to put a purchaser upon
his guard. It was to all appearances as good a
warrant as any issued by the Government. Ford
paid his money for it in <juod faith, and with it
purchased the house, which he improved, and in
which his family now reside. The warrant, it is
true, was not a negotiable instrument, but in view
of the well-settled principle that where one of
two parties must suffer from the wiongful and
fraudulent act of anothei, he shall be made the
loser whose negligence ^ave occasion for thesuc-
cessful perpetration of the liaud lather than an
innocent person, it may well be doubted whether
Ford's equity to be protected against the conse-
quences of the negligent acts of the officers of
the Government would not outweigh the legal
tide of the United States. But however this may
be, the soldier who is away from Home engaged
in fighting the battles of his country has a right
to expectthat that country will not under ciicum-
stances such as these which have been detailed
take from him the last refuge of his wife and
children. The committee therefore say thatthey
cannot hesitate a moment in recommending that
the United States relinquish all claim to the lands
entered and located by Ford uudei the, warrant,
and that his title thereto be fully and absolutely
confirmed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands' to the difference between this case and the
cases that ordinarily arise. If a person purchases
a land-warrant which is a forgery, he takes it
upon his own risk; the Government has never
issued the document; or if he purchases a land-
warrant the assignment of which is a forgery,
he takes it upon his ownrisk,for there is nogen-
uine instrument upon which he relies. But in
this case, as 1 understand the report*the warrant
itself which he purchased was a genuine one, but
the Government had been misled by false and
fraudulent papers in issuing the warrant; and,act-
ing upon the faith of the Government itself, the
party purchased. I think it is different from the
ordinary cases which the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands has been called on to con-
sider in that respect.
Mr. COLLAMER. I never heard of this case
until now; but as I attended to the reading of it,
it seems to me to be a case calling very distinctly
011 us for the passage of the bill. 1 agree fully
with the distinction taken by the Senator from
Indiana. The warrant was a genuine warrant,
issued by the Government. It was assigned and
passed into the market, and was purchased in
good faith by the petitioner, and used in paying
for his land which he entered. Now it may be
that the Government can say, "We were deceived
by the papers that were filed by which this war-
rant was procured from us, and so we are going
to vacate the warrant and all the consequences of
entry under it." I do not know but that the Gov-
ernment have power to iff that, but it is a great
abuse of power. Nor do I believe atiy court gov-
erned by any principle of justice would say that
the Government could vacate a paper genuine on
its face after it passed into the market, and they
had received it in payment for their land. It is
not because the man is a soldier or because he is
poor, but it is good faith in this Government to
take that paper which they themselves issued,
and which the man honestly bought.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no personal interest
one way or the other, nor do 1 care personally
whether this bill shall pass or not. I felt it, how-
ever, to be my duty to notify the Senate that it
would establish a new class of claims. What is
this? Somebody alleges that John Doe served' the
United States as a soldier, and forges his name to
the papers and gets a land-warrant in his name,
and the party to whom it is deliveied assigns the
warrant and goes into the market and it is sold
to somebody else. John Doe was dead; he never
applied for the warrant in fact, but somebody ap-
plied for it in his name; the whole thing is a fraud
from the beginning. It goes into the market and
somebody attempts to locate it on a piece of land,
and it is returned to the Land Office. In the mean
time the fraud is discovered. John Doe, if lie
ever did serve as a soldier, was dead, and had no
ability to apply for the warrant. Now, if Con-
gress comes in and directs the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to authorize the location
of all such land-warrants, it will require a very
large quantity of public lands to take them up.
It will be in fact making valid all these warrants.
There are very few of them that are rejected on
account of fraudulent assignments that were not
fiauds in the beginning, that were not procured
on fraudulent papers and sent to the men that per-
petrated the fraud and forgery ill the beginning.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I understand this distinc-
tion to exist in relation to a paper which is as-
signable like a promissory note or a Innd-war-
rant, assignable from hand to hand: if it has
once been put in circulation, no matter by what
fraud it is assigned and transferred afterwards, the
holder has a right to derive his benefit under it;
but if the act by which it was issued consists of
a felony, a forgery or a perjury, the thing has
never been issued, and never got into circulation
in the eye of the law. No thing can getvalid ex-
istence which is born in crime; and therefore if
a man comes to me and by forgery obtains my
note payable to bearer, or by any act which of
itself is a crime at the common law, as perjury,
obtains my promissory note, that note is not in
circulation if I deliver it to him.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the dear
