-8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 10,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretarjj of the Treasury.
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
notes, and impressed on these notes the qualities
of a circulating medium, its action was justified
by the disappearance of coin in consequence of
the suspension of specie payments; by the ne-
cessity of providing a medium in which taxes
pould'be collected, loans received, and payments
made; and by* the obvious expediency of pro-
viding that medium in the form of national issues,
instead of resorting to the paper of banks. Un-
der the circumstances its action was wise and
necessary; but it was equally wise and necessary
to limit the extent of the issues by the necessity
which demanded them. They were wanted to ml
the vacuum caused by the disappearance of coin,
and to supply the additional demands created by
the increased number and variety of money pay-
ments. Congress believed that four hundred mil-
lions would suffice for these purposes, and there-
fore limited issues to that sum.
The Secretary proposes no change of this lim-
itation, and places no reliance, therefore, on any
increase of resources from increase of circulation.
Additional loans in this mode would, indeed, al-
most certainly prove illusory; for diminished
value could hardly fail to neutralize increased
amount.
Sufficient circulation having been already pro-
vided, the Government must now borrow like any
other employer of capital temporarily requiring
more than income will supply, and rely for the
credit which will secure ad vantageous loans, upon
good faith, industrial activity, accumulated though
not immediately available capital, and satisfactory
provision for punctual payment of accruing in-
terest and ultimate reimbursement of principal.
To subscriptions for the remaining five-twen-
ties and deposits for temporary loan, therefore,
must be directed all reasonable expectation of
means for the service of the current year, except
from negotiations under the act of last session. The
sums to be looked for from these two sources have
already been stated, and amount to ^I2(j,0r>9,600.
Ifthisnggtegatebc deducted from the amount to be
provided by loans for the last seven mouthsof the
current year, already shown to be $352,220,539,
there will remain the sum of $226,1G6,099 to be
provided by negotiations under the act of last ses-
sion; and, under some like act, must be provided
in like manner, if the continuance of the war shall
make it necessary, the sum of #544,978,548 93,
estimated as likely to be required from loans for
the fiscal year 1805.
The actof lustsession authorized the loans sup-
posed to be required for the fiscal years 1863and
1864; and of the amount required for the service of
these two years to the 1st of December now cur-
rent, $150,000,000 in United States notes, and
$50,000,000 by a loan for two years fivepercent.
Treasury notes have already been provided under
that legislation. The act is so well conceived and
expressed that little other legislation for the loans
of 1804 and 1865 will be required than the appli-
cation to those years of its leading provisions. It
will doubtless be thought expedient this se.ssion,
as last session, to authori7e the borrowing, in
some form, of $300,009,000 for the current, and
#600,000,001) for the next fiscal year. Indeed, the
only modifications of the act of last session neces-
sary to adapt it to the requirements of the current
and corning year seem to be: (]) the omission of
all reference to United States notes beyond the
giving a simple authoiity to the Secretary to as-
certain from time to time the amounts destroyed
or lost, and to replace them by new issues; (2)
the repeal of the existing limitation of the deposit
loan to $.100,000,000, and the substitution of a
prowsion for a reserve equal in amount to half
the deposit; (3) the permission of the negotiation
of loans redeemable absolutely at pleasuie, or
at pleasure after a time fixed, not more remote
than foity years; and (4) the omission, perhaps,
of the clause taxing circulation and deposits, as
bcins: more appropriate to an internal revenue bill.
It is hoped thnt the other provisions of the last
may be retained in the new loan act.
Under such legislation, the Secretary entertains
little doubt of being aide to obtain whatever funds
Will be needed, tin ough leans, at reasonable rates
of interest, for bonds or Treasury notes.
For a warrant of this confidence, however, he
must not omit to say that he relies much on the
support to be given to the public credit by the
national banking system and by the nationaliza-
tion of the currency. There is, as he thinks, no
possibility of a permanently successful adminis-
tration of the finances, under circumstances in-
volving the creation of large debts, unless loans
can be effected in a medium of general and equal
credit throughout the country, and not liable to
variation in quantity or in value except under the
operation of national legislation and the general
laws of trade.
Only two kinds of currency fulfill these condi-
tions: the first, a circulation of coin; the other, a
circulation of notes of uniform description and
value, issued by the Government, and either paid
directly to Government creditors, or supplied to
banking associations to be employed in general
business.
The circulation now generally used in this
country, except so far as it consists of bank notes,
is of the latter sort; and no circulation, not imme-
diately convertible into coin, can be better.
It is an error to suppose that the increase of
prices is attributable wholly or in very large meas-
ure to this circulation. Had it been possible to
borrow coin enough, and fast enough, for thedis-
burscments of the war, almost, if not altogether,
the same effects on prices would have been
wrought. Such disbursements made in coin
would have enriched fortunate contractors, stim-
ulated lavish expenditures, and so inflated prices
in the same way and nearly to the same extent
as when made in notes. Prices, too, would have
risen from other causes. The withdrawal from
mechanical and agricultural occupations of hun-
dreds of thousands of our best, strongest, and
most active workers, in obedience to their coun-
try's summons to the field, would, underany sys-
tem of currency, have increased the price of la-
bor, and, by consequence, the price of the prod-
ucts of labor, while the prices of many things
would have risen, in pait from other causes, as,
for example, the price of railroad bonds from vast
increase of income through payments for milU
tary transportation, and the price of cotton from
deficient supply.
Much the greater part of the rise of prices not
accounted for by the causes just stated, as well
as much the greater part of the difference between
notes and gold, is attributable to the large amount
of bank notes yet in circulation. Were these
notes withdrawn from use, it is believed theft much
of the now very considerable difference between
coin and United States rjotes would disappear.
Certainly there ought to be no difference in favor
of coin, when it is remembered that United States
bonds bearing six, or even five, per cent, coin in-
terest are intrinsically worth, unless the theory
of national bad faith or national insolvency is to
be admitted,more than their amount in coin; and
yet such bonds can now be had for their amount
ni United States notes.
Nor can a condition of affairs in which exces-
sive piices pievail, or national notes command
less than par in coin,, be regarded as of perma-
nent duration. While it lasts, it must be borne
with patience, and made tolerable by economy.
No useful remedy will be found in extravagant
increase of salaries and disbursements, but an
aggravation rather of the evil. All proper meas-
ures should be adopted to hasten thoieturn to the
normal condition of prices and business; the pa-
tiioiism and intelligence of the people must be
relied on for the rest.
The Secretary has heretofore expressed the
opinion that whatever may be the true degree in
which the currency of the country is affected by
a bank-note circulation, issued without, national
sanction and by corporations independent of na-
tional authority, and not receivable for national
dues, itcannot be questioned that in some similar
degree the negotiation of national loans must be
piejudiced and their value to the national finances
diminished. This opinion is confnmcd by obser-
vation and experience.
Impelled, therefore, by a profound s^nse of the
present necessity of a national currency to the
j successful prosecution of the war against rebel-
! lion, and of its utility at ait times m protecting
! labor, cheapening exchanges, facilitating travel,
i and inci easing the safety of all business trans-
actions; and at the same time unwilling to urge
even salutary and necessary reforms in such a
way as needlessly to disturb existing conditions
or impair the value of existing investments of
capital, the Secretary recommended, in two suc-
cessive reports, the authorization of national bank-
ing associations, to which the capital of the cor-
porations now issuing notes for circulation might
be transferred, with advantage to the parties in
interest as well as to the general public.
The sanction of Congress was given to these
views at the last session; and the simple assur-
ance thus given that henceforth the country is
to have a national currency secured by a pledge
of national bonds, and the belief that this cur-
rency will at no distant day take the place of the
heterogeneous corporate currency which has
hitherto filled the channels of circulation, at once
inspired faith in the securities of the Government,
and more than any other one cause enabled the
Secretary to provide for the prompt payment of
the soldiers and the public creditors.
If the policy thus indicated shall be fairly and
judiciously pursued, and proper measures adopted
t'o induce the conversion, at the earliest practi-
cable period, of the bank corpoiations of the
States into national banking associations, and of
the corporate circulation into national currency,
the Secretary believes, and, ns he thinks, not
without good grounds, that all the money needed
for prompt payment of troops, and for the most
vigorous prosecution of the war, can be obtained
by loans on reasonable terms; while all interest
on debt, and all ordinary expenditures, and a con-
sidciable part also of the extraordinary expendi-
tures caused by this war, will be met by the
ordinary resources. Nor does he doubt that,
through wise legislation, sustained by intelligent
popular will, and supported by prudence and
energy in civil and military administration, na-
tional currency can be so approximated in recog-
nized value to coin, thataresumption of payments
in specie can be brought about much sooner than
even sanguine persons now permit themselves to
hone.
The Secretary has already referred in general
terms to the reports of the heads of the vaiiotis
bureaus and branches of administration in Ins
Department. A peculiar interest is felt at this time
m their operations, and especially in the operation
of those most recently brought into existence.
The Comptroller of the Currency reports the
organization under the national banking act, prior
to the 29th of November, of one hundred and
thirty-four associations; all which, upon the sug-
gestion of the Secretary, have adopted the name
of National Banks, distinguished by order of or-
ganization and by locality. These banking as-
sociations have been formed in seventeen States
and the District of Columbia, and have an aggie-
gate capital of ยง10,081,200. The great care and
labor required for the prepatation ofsuitable notes
for the new national currency has delayed its issue
beyond expectation; but the pi in ting is now be-
gun, and the several associations will be supplied
with the amounts to which they are respectively
entitled within a few weeks. Besides the asso-
ciations reported as actually organized, there are
many others in process of organization. There
is hardly a State not controlled by the rebellion,
and hardly a considerable city, in which a na-
tional banking association has not been organized,
or is not being organized. Even New Orleans is
not an exception to this statement.
Thus the great woik of introducing a perma-
nent national currency has been entered upon m
a spnit and with an energy which promise perfect
success. The Seerotaiy ihinks he risks nothing
in saying that within the ptesent year the benefits
of the system will have so approved themselves
to the sense and patriotism of the people, that it
will be beyond the reach of successful assault.
The Comptroller has indicated some amend-
ments (o the law, which the Secretary concurs
j with him in regaidingas innpm taut to its succcss.
j As among the most essential of these, the Sec rotary
usks the special attention of Congress to the prop-
osition for a uniform rate of interest, and the le-
pra! of the section which connects the issues of
national currency in any degiee with Statu bajiks.
The Secretary also recommends, us likely to be
