2612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
May 31,
We have reduced the time in which the road shall
be commenced, and have required that a hundred
miles shall be constructed within two years there-
after.
Now, as I said before, I suppose it would be
tedioas for gentleman to make their old speeches
over again on a bill almost precisely similar to
the one rejected, and -I therefore, unless some gen-
tleman desires to ask some questions, will call the
previous question..
Mr. SPALDlNGc. I notice that the names of
General McClellaaand General Grant are among
the corporators. I .ask the gentleman if he will
not allow >119 to put in General Fremont, so as to
have one of our former friends among them ?
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to in-
serting the name-of General Fremont. I want to
got all the railroad men in, and will accept the
gentleman's mollification.
Mr. WILSON, i will suggest to the gentle-
man that *f he intended to insert all the presi-
dential candidates he has omitted the "rail-split-
ter. "
Mr. STEVENS. Oh ! tin's is not a rail-split-
ting business, it is a railroad line. [Laughter.] 1
move the previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be pui.
The substitute was agreed to.
Mr. "WILSON. Before the vote is taken I wish
to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania whether
he has taken care to provide that this road shall
be built of American iron? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. It says so in the bill, i go
for nothing but American iron, of course.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 call for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been en-
grossed.
^ Mr. STEVENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the third rending.
Tim SPEAKER. The bill has boon ordered
to be rend a third time, but if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania insists upon his objection, it can-
not be read until it has been engrossed.
Mr. ANCONA. 1 will withdraw my objection.
The hill was read the third lime.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion on the puasage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken? and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS— .YJrssrs. Jame* C.Allen, Allison, Anderson, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, lloaimui, Blame
Jlubbmd, John (I. Hubb.ml, Kolh-y, Fianeis W. Kellogjj
Orlando Keliogsj, Iving, ICoapp, Lazoar, Loan, Lonsrvoar,
Mnivin, McAllister, MeClur<r, Onmel Moiris, Leonutd
Myers., NeNon, Noble, Od'-II, Clmihin O'Neill, Patterson,
JVrhrtm, Price, Pruyn, Willi,mi II Uandall, Alexander 11.
Hiee, John H. Rice, ftdwaid IK Kollnis Jamrs S. Kolliu*,
Seott, Shannon, *?loiin, John B. Steele, William (!■ Steele,
Stevens, SwuaJ,Thayer. Upson, Voorheea, Ward, William
15. Washburn, Whaley, Wheeler, William*, WiUlei, and
Wnuloni—74.
NAYH-—Mes^ra. Alley, Aneona, I.axier, Bliss, Hiook.s,
(.'hauler, Cox, CiavejK, Dawson, {Vinson. Keklev, f.'<l<;<vi-
ton, Eliot, I'Vnton. Fnselc, Gannon, llsmiugtou,' Merrick,
iiolman, ilulhnrd, Ingersoli, William Johnson, Kulbllciseh,
Kernnn, Law, Le Blond, Liftlejohn, Long, M.illory, Mnu-y,
McDowell,Morrill, Motrlsnn, John O'lVeill. Orth, Pendle-
ton, Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Uois, Rchenck, Scotield,
Ppaldlnji, Sules*, Tracy, Wadswr>rth,Klilm Lit. Washburne,
Joseph W. White, Wilson, and Wmfidd—50,
So the bill was passed.
•During the call of the roll,
Mr. WEBSTER stated that he had paired with j
his colleague, Mr. Harris, of Maryland, on this
bill.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
speaker's table.
Mr. WILSON moved that the House proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly proceeded to consider
the business'on the Speaker's table, as follows:
PORT OF ENTltY FOR CHAMPLAIN DISTRICT.
An act (H. R. No. 120) to reestablish the prin-
cipal port of entry for the district of Champlain
at Pittsburgh, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have returned
this bill with the following amendment:
Ftrike out these words:
And all vessels coming into Lake Champlain from Can-
ada through the Richelieu or St. John's river, shall enter
and report to hum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the amendment be concurred in.
The amendment .was concurred in.
The bill, as amended, provides that the third
section of an act to equalize and establish the
compensation of the collectors of the customs
on the northern, northeastern, and noithwestern
frontiers, and for other pui poses, approved March
3, 1863, changing the port of entry for the district
of Champlain from Plattshurgh to Rouse's Point
be repealed, and that Plattsburgh be reestablished
as. the principal port of entry for said district, at
which the collector of customs shall reside; and
a deputy collector shall reside at Rouse's Point,
and be vested with all the power and authoiity
given to deputy collectors by law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TRANSFERS FROM MILITARY TO NAVAL SERVICE.
An act (S. No. 218) to repeal the first section
of a joint resolution therein named.
Mr. RICE, uf Massachusetts, moved that the
bill be put on its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It piovides for the repeal of the first section of
the joint resolution entitled "A joint resolution
relative to the transfer of persons in the military
service to the naval service," approved February
34, J8(>4.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to recon-
sider the "vote by which the bill was passed; and
alao moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on liu; table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
amend the title so that it will read, "An act to re-
peal the first section of a joint resolution entitled
* A joint tesolution lelafive to the transfer of per-*
sons in the military to the naval service.'"
The amendment was agreed to.
ABOLITION OF SLAVKRY.
Joint resolution (S. No. 16) submitting to- the
Legislatures of the several States a proposition
to amend the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 object to the second read-
ing of the joint resolution.
1'hc joint resolution is as follows:
That the following aitiele bo piopo.sed to the Legisla-
tures of the M-veial Suites as an .luiendineni to the Consti-
tution of the (hilled States, which, when ratified by thiee
lourtlfN of >md I/eyislauiies, shall he valid, to nil intents
ami piujio^s, as a part of the -aid Constitution, namely:
Ann* i,k XIII.
&EC. 1. iWlther^laveiy noi nivoluntaryservitiule, except
a« a punishment for crime whercot the paity shrill have
been duly eonvietcd, shall exist within tin* United States,
or any plnee subject 10 thru- jurisdiction.
Sec. -J. Coupons shall have powei to unloicc this ai ticle
by appiopuate legislation.
The SPEAKER. The question then is, " Shall
the joint resolution be rejected?"
Mr. WILSON demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SCHENCIv demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie oideied,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 76; as follows:
YHAS —Messrs. James C. Alien. Ancoua, Bliss*, Brooks,
James S. Btown, Chanler, Coflmth, Tox. Cravens, Daw-
son. Oenison, Eden, ftdgeiton, lihhkige, Finck, Ganson,
Gruier, Hall, Harrington, Ueriick, Iiolman, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, Ivnlhlieisch, Kernan, King, Knapp,
Law, LongjMultoiy, Marcy, McAllister, McDowell, James
It. Moui?, Morrison. Nelson, Noble, Odell, Pendleton,
Pinyn, ltadford, William H Randall, Ross, John B. Steele,
WiiUam*G. Steele, Stileu, Bweat, Voorhoes, WaeUwoitb,
Ward, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Winfield. and Fernando Wood—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison. Ames, Anderson. John
1). Baldwin, Baxter, Boaman, Blame,Jacob B. Blair. Boyd,
Broomail, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Ores well, Ueiny
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Da we*. DonnelK, Di iggp,
Ecklev, Eliot. Fenton, Frank, Garfield, Gooch, Gunnell,
Grisvvold, Ilaie, Ihgby, Hooper, Hotehkiss, Asahel W,
Hubbard, John II. llublmid, Hulbuid, lngersoli, Jenckes,
Francis W. ICeilogir, Oilando Kellogq, Kernan, Lttileiohu,
Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McOlurg, Moirill, Daniel Moiris,
Amo-j Myers, Leonard Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, i'at-
terson, Perhnm, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Alexander H. K;ce,
John II. Rice, Edward'H. Rollins, SchencK, Seoheld. Shan-
non, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Thomas, Tracy, Up^on,
Ehhu B. Wa&hburne, William B. Washburn, Webster,
Whaley, Williams, VVilder, Wilson, and Wiiuiom—76.
So the joint resolution was not rejected.
Daring the vote,
Mr. MORRILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Woodbridge, was confined to his room by ill-
ness.
Mr.THAYER stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Randall; otherwise he would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. HUBBARD, ofConnecticut,stated thathis
colleague,, Mr. Brandegee, was absent on ac-
count of illness.
Mr. PIKE stated that he was paired with Mr.
Harris, of Maryland.
Mr. Lazear was paired with his colleague,
Mr. Moorhead; otherwise he would have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. STILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Strouse, if present would have voted in the af-
firmative.
Mr. EDEN slated that his colleague, Mr. W.
J. Allen, was absent on account of illness.
Mr. COX stated that his colleague, Mr. Mc-
Klvncy, hud gone home with the dead body of a
soldier.
Mr. ANCONA stated that his colleagues, Mr.
UANinLi.and Mr.MiLLER,if present would have
voted in the affirmative.
Mr. GRINNELL stated that Mr. Julian was
called away by the death of his father-in-law.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
The joint resolution was read a second time.
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to occupy
the floor myself, but will yield to my colleague on
the Committee on the Judiciary, the gentleman
from Now York, [Mr. Morris.]
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman intend to press
it to a vote to-day ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not. I desire to afford a
fair opportunity for discussion to both sides of
the House.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the vote be taken this
week ?
Mr. WILSON. Itis suggested that the House
take a recess until seven and a half o'clock this
evening, after my colleague upon the committee
has concluded his remarks. Other gentlemen
desire to speak upon the subject, and 1 hope the
House will lake a. recess, with the understanding
that there shall be no vote taken to-night.
The SPEAKER. That motion can be made
now.
Mr. WILSON. Then I move that at the con-
clusion of my colleague's remarks the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock, with the
understanding that no vote shall be taken and no
business done this evening.
Mr. PENDCETOAT. 1 hope that will not bo
done to-night. This bill has passed the Senate atul
thcru enn be no hurry in pressing it to a vote. A
few days' discussion will not delay business atall.
Mr. WILSON. I do not intend to hurry it to
a vote.
Mr. PENDLETON. We do not wish to go
on with the discussion to-night.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the gentleman will not
object to such an arrangement for this evening,
and we can come to some understanding hereafter
as to the time when we shall take a vote upon the
proposition. I am not disposed to cut off debate,
but intend to allow a reasonable time for that
discussion.
Mr. PENDLETON. If the House will allow
me I will ask the gentleman from Iowa whether
some of his friends are ready to go on with the
discussion to-night? If that be the case I will
not object to an evening session.
Mr. VV1LSON. I cannot say positively whether
they are ready or not.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair will state that he
