1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5.91*
The Senator from Massachusetts has stated,
and stated correctly, as 1 think, that it is true
General Grant, if a lieutenant general, would out-
rank all the other officers of the Army; but while
thus outranking them, if he shall he placed in
command of a department and not in command
of the whole, a major general may command all
the other departments) but he cannot command
the lieutenantgeneral in the particular department
that is set apart for him.
Mr. HOWARD. I should not, sir, by my si-
lence, suffer it to be inferred that the Committee
on Military Affairs were perfectly unanimous in
suggesting the amendments contained in the bill
reported by them. They were not unanimous.
There was at least one dissenting member, and
that was myself. I could see no propriety in mak-
ing these amendments.
As 1 understand the bill as it came from the
House of Representatives it only creates a general
who shall be second in command to the Com-
mdnder-m-Chief of the armies of the United States;
and although lam not sure that the amendment
suggested by the committee, adding the words
" lieutenant general," and striking out the words
" commander of the Army," does not effect the
same end, still I am satisfied, for one, that we had
better not, if we can avoid it, suffer this bill to go
back to the House of Representatives to become
there the theme of discussion hereafter. That
House, like this, has muchother business of great
importance on its hands, and unless there be some
reason more weighty than any I have heaid here
for sending it hack I shall vote against amending it.
I do not regard the amendment which has been
concurred in by the Senate, striking out the words
"commander of the Army," as of any import-
ance whatever. 1 look to the subsequent clause
of the bill which is also recommended to be stricken
out by the committee reading as follows, referring
to the lieutenant general:
"Who bein<* commissioned as lieutenant crencral shall
be uiuhouzcri under the din-encm of the President to com-
mand the aimies of the United State-*."
If that language be tantamount to the mere ex-
pression lieutenant genera!" then there is no
necessity for striking- it out, and we may as we!!
save the time and attention of the House of Rep-
resentatives from a reconsideration of this ques-
tion.
The objection is raised to the bill as it come
from the House of Representatives, that it rec-
ommends to the President the appointment of
Major General Grant as a fit person to occnpy
the position of leu,tenant geneial created by the
bill; and it is said by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs that this is both an in-
delicacy in reference to the President and an im-
propriety in reference to ourselves, an inde-
cency."
Mr. WILSON. In regard to the Piesident.
•Mr. HOWARD. I pcthaps do not state the
precise language of the chairman on that subject.
But, sir, I do not so regard it. It .seems to me
this comment of the Senator from Massachusetts
contains in itself a lefinement of delicacy that is
unintelligible to many others; it certainly is to
me. Is it an indelicacy for the Senate of the Uni-
ted States respectfully to recommend to fhe Presi-
dent the appointment of a man who from the be-
ginning of tins contest to the present time has
given the highest evidences of military talent and
a heroic genius such as raised him, in my judg-
ment, far above even the expectations of nine
tenths of the other commanders in the field ? Is
it an indelicacy in us to ask that the armies of the
United Stales may have the benefit of the talents
of that geneial who has already distinguished his
carcer by the capture of rrnne than one hundred
thousand prisoners and a vastamountofartillery,
who has gained for us the Mississippi river, given
us command of it, and enabled our commerce to j
float safely up it and down it? Is it an indelicacy j
in us, although we may have possibly to judge
upon his fitness when he shall be nominated to
this place, to ask that a man of this character be
appointed lieutenant general to command the
armies of the United States ?
Sir, I think it is not indelicate. I think it is
necessary. I think the President of the United
States can have no ground whatever to complain
either of indelicacy or indeccncy on the part of j
the Senate in making this respectful request to l
him. Give us, sir, a live general; give us some '
man who has talent, who has character and force
enough within him to give a successful direction
to the enthusiasm of the armies of the United
States, and who will, if properly supported here,
give us victory even upon the Rappahannock,
and not let us be draggling along under the influ-
ences such as have presided over the army of
the Potomac for these last many tedious and
weary months—an army oscillating alternately
between the Rappahannock and the Potomac, de-
feated to-day and hardly successful to-morrow,
with its commanders changed almost as frequently
as the moon changes its face. Sir, for one I am
tired of this; and I tell you and I tell Senators here
that the country is getting weary of it, and unless
we do something in order to remedy this evil and
do it speedily, we shall hear such clamors from
our constituents as we have never heard thus far.
I go for retaining the bill in all its forms and ex-
pressions as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. "With the permission
of the Senate for a very few moments, 1 will en-
deavor to state what is the present position of the
question.
The House of Representatives passed a joint
resolution creating the rank of lieutenant geneial
and making him, in the terms of the resolution,
the commander-in-chief of the armies of the Uni-
ted States, and recommending to the President
the appointment of General Giant to that office.
That resolution when it came up to the Senate
was referred to theCommitteeon Military Affairs.
The committee proposed two amendments, going
to the points, first, whether wc should not moke
him by law commander-in-chief of the armies of
the United States,and, secondly, that we should
not by law of Congress lecomfiiend any man for
appointment by the Piesident.
In refeience to the first one of these amend-
ments i have only to say that 1 have no doubt if
the bill shall pass General Grant will be appointed
the lieutenant general. I hope so. I think that
so far in the history of this rebellion he has
shown himself the .successful hero; but 'Met not
him thatgudcth on his harness boast himself as
lie that putteth it off." Is it propel that the Sen-
ate of the United States shall make a commander
of the armies of the United States—a commander
over whom the President would have no power?
Under the Constitution of the United States the
President himself is the Commander-in-Chief of
the armies of the United States. You now propose
by law to create the office ofcommanderand say he
shall command youi armies. What power will
the Piesident ha\ e over him ? It may at least be
doubtful whether he is not made commander for-
ever, and whether, instead of a republican gen-
eial, he is not clothed with the powers of a Ro-
man dictator. I am unwilling to do any such
thing.
The course of the debate seems to indicate that
the Mihtaiy Committee are opposed to General
Grant and to the appointment of General Giant,
and that they do not recognize his transcendent
services. Nothing is further ftom the truth. We
wish to compliment General Grant and hope he
may be appointed. We wish to compliment him
by the creation of thisgradeof lieutenantgeneral;
nor can we see that there is any possible dispar-
agement in that. What is the law on that sub-
ject? There is no kind of doubt about it. Un-
der the Army regulations prior to the rebellion
officeis commanded when they were thtown to-
gether according to senionty; that is, the oldest
officer commanded al! junior officers.
Under the law of lbG2 the Piesident of the
United Stales was uuthoiized to assign officers
of equal rank, the one to command the other, and
so it stands to-day. But if Genera! Grant is ap-
pointed lieutenant general theie can be no officer
of equal rank, and consequently no man can com-
mand hnri; but the Presidentofthe United States
has a right to dispose of him at any moment un-
der the amendment of the committee, and that
right he should have. We should never for a
single moment deprive the President of the power
to say who shall command the armies of the Uni-
ted States, for the Constitution makes him the
Commander-in-Chief of the armies of the United
States. Even if we were disposed to do it, I
should doubt the power and much more the ex-
pediency of any such legislation.
Another provision of the House bill was to
recommend by act of Congress the appointment
of General Grant. I have no objection to that-ap^
pointment; Congress has no objection to it; Ixut
is it dignified in the Congress of the United States
to recommend to the President by an act of Con-
gress whom he shall appoint to office? Under the
Constitution he nominates officers to us for con-
firmation, and his duty there ends and ours be-
gins. But shall we anticipate thatduty by saying
to him in advance whom he shall appoint to com-,
mand thearmiesof thcUnitedStates? I, for one*
am unwilling to do it. It does not comport with
the dignity of the Congress of the United States
to engage in any such huckstering for office; -So
it seems to me.
Put, Mr. President, we are told there are pre-
cedents, and high precedents, for Ml thati'sasked
in reference to General Grant. The act creating
the office of lieutenant general and making Gen-
eral Washington the commander-in-chief of the
armies was conferred under far different circum-
stances. He had been tried in the fires of the
seven years'conflict of the Revolution.prior to con-
ferring that rank upon him. He had been tried
as the Chief Magistrate of the nation for eight
years prior to conferring that rank. He was an
exceptional case in the history of the country, in-
the history of the world, in the providence of Godr
and I might be willing to confer that power upon
him which I would not confer this day upon any-
living man upon the earth. Congress then for-
bore to recommend this mode. They left out this
recommendation which the House put in their
joint resolution. How did that amendment get
into the House joint resolution? It was not in
the original bill; it wus not reported by theMili-
tary Committee of the House; but it was put in as
an amendment in the House of Representatives
in Committee of the Whole. It has not had the
sand|ioH ofany committee of even I he other House;
and we are asked to-day to descend from our high
place and the pride of our position to become legis-
lative recommenders for office to the President of
the United States. There is,as the Senator from
Massachusetts has well said, as it seems to me,
an indelicacy in it. To-day we recommend the
appointment of General Grant. He is sent m for
confirmation. To-morrow we believe he should
not be confirmed. Our hands are tied, for the
President turns upon us and says, " Here by a
solemn act of Congress you have requested me to
appoint this man to office."*
I, for one, will have neither part nor parcel in
any such legislation as this. Is it not enough to
follow the piecedent in the case of General Scott,
wheie the rank was not confeired, but simply the
power given to confer a brevet rank ? Does Gen-
eral Scott stand lower in the history of this coun-
try than Gem ral Grant does* What satisfied
General Scott and his friends in 1847, it seems
to me, is no empty compliment to General Grant
to-day; and yet in this resolution the House have
passed over the precedent in the case of General
Scott and gone back to the precedent in the case
of General Washington. General Scott, when
this lank was confoned by brevet, not by an act
of Congress, felt honored and complimented. The
whole country felt that it was a just tribute of a
great nation's gratitude and affection and confi-
dence in that great man. And who was General
Scott? Was he disparaged by the passage of this
resolution that we arc told is a lefiection on the
gieat military talent and achievements of General
Grant? Sir, the history of the Niagara campaign,
when he first made his name familiar to the Amer-
ican people, at Lundy 5s Lane and at Gtueenstown
Heights, and the triumphant close of the Mexican
war, marked him as one of the grandest captains
of the age and the world. He was not compli-
mented by an act of Congress making him lieu-
tenantgeneral and commander of the armies. He
was not complimented by an act of Congress re-
questing his appointment as lieutenant general;
but simply a law was passed authorizing the
X^iesident to confer by brevet rank this honor
upon General Scott.
Now, sir, ltdoes seem to me perfectly apparent
that the report of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs should be adopted, and that it is all that
should be required. We should not in advance
tell the President who he shall appoint. I have
no doubt he will appoint General Grant, and I
should rejoice at the appointment; but I am un-
willing to pass an act of Congress recommending
