10
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[December f>>
38th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Rem.
The learning and ability of the gentlemen em-
ployed in this work warrant the expectation that
n very instructive account will be obtained of the
condition and prospects of our foreign commerce
from and to tne Atlantic and Pacific coasts, as
well as overland, northward and south ward, and
of ourinternal and inter-State commerce, includ-
ing the trade between loyal and rebel States, and
between the bread producing and gold and silver
producing districts of our country. The mate-
rials for a proper statement of this internal com-
merce must be sought in reports of State commis-
sioners of statistics, of boards of trade, of railroad
and canal companies,and occasional or periodical
publications relating to trade and business. This
is a department of statistics comparatively new
and difficult of exploration, but no pains will be
spared in the search, in the hope of being able to
submit to Congress a result, of 110 insignificant
value to the business community and to those
charged with the duties of legislation and admin-
istration, which will itself suggest the action
" necessary to enlarge and protect the important
interests involved."
Under the sanction of the acts relating to the
subject, the Secretary lias taken measures forpro-
panngand printing fractional currency, bonds, and
notes in the Treasury Department, with a degree
of success which already assures decided economi-
cal advantages, and warrants the expectation of
satisfactory results.
The Secretary has already invited attention to
the reports of the Register, the Comptrollers, ami
the several Auditors.
The Report on Commerce and Navigation for
the fiscal year 1SG2, prepared in the Register's of-
fice, has been greatly delayed by causes explained
in his report. The same report for the fiscal year
18C3 is also nearly ready, and will be sent to Con-
gress within the next month. Its impoiiaiit in-
formation will bo found much better classified and
arranged,and much more clearly stated,and there-
tore much more acceptable for use than heretofore.
The Secretary suggests that it will promote the
interests of commerce and expedite future reports
if provision be made for the monthly, or at least
semi-annual, publication of the returns of imports
and exports.
The suggestion of the Second Comptroller, that
the salaries in the offices of the Comptrollers
should bo higher than in those of the Auditors,
and that promotion should take place from the
latter to the former, is respectfully com mended
to legislative consideration. If sanctioned by law,
it will doubtless promote accuracy and prompti-
tude in the revision of accounts.
The vast expenditures of the wnr, in life and
treasure, have devolved unexpected labors 011 the
Auditors' Bureaus, and especially those of the
Second and Third Auditors; and the difficulties
attendant on the organization of a proper force
for the settlement of the suddenly accumulated
accounts have caused some delays which the most
strenuous efforts lmve been made in vain to avoid.
It is hoped, however, that the accumulation will
now be arrested, and henceforth steadily reduced.
The Secretary respectfully suggests that some
provision be made by which ollicers of the De-
partment may be enabled to attend the armies and
collect information,and especially in rcgaid to the
wounded, the missing, and the killed, which will
facilitate the promptest settlement of the claims
made in behalf of destitute families and widows
und orphans.
The report of the Solicitor will exhibit the ac-
tion of that officer in the investigation of frauds
perpetrated by certain persons formerly employed
m the New York custom-house. The legislation
of last session, the promptdismissal of tin; guilty
parties yet remaining- in office, and the measures
of prevention devised and adopted, will, it is be-
lieved ,sufficiently protect the Government against
the repetition of these or the commission of like
frauds.
The Secretary renews the recommendation, sub-
mitted in Ins last report, of the purchase of the
Merchants' Exchange in New York, now occu-
pied under lease as a custom-house.
The operations of the Coast Survey have been
distinguished by even more than usual activity.
On the northern coast the work has been vigor-
ously prosecuted, notwithstanding the existence
of the war; while, in compliance with applications i
from military and naval commandeis, parties have
been detailed for woik on the southern coast, on
the rivers of the interior, and, indeed, wherever
their services could be made available. From
these labors, of an importance cordially acknowl-
edged by the officers to whom they have been
rendered, the value of the Survey, and the merits
of those by whom it is conducted, receive fresh
illustration.
During the last summer a number of rebels ran
into Portland harbor in the night and seized the
revenue cutter lying there, its commanding officer
being sick on shore, and a portion of the crew
absent on leave. They succeeded in leaving the
harbor unobserved; but early in the morning the
collector of the port, heaiing of the affair, took
instant measures for pursuit by chartering two
passenger steamers, arming them with whatever
could be most promptly obtained, and providing
the necessary force of volunteers, citizensand sol-
diers. In a few hours the rebels had been com-
pelled to abandon their prize, after setting heron
fire, and being themselves taken prisoners. The
value of this capture can best be estimated by the
damage inflicted on commerce by the same rebels
in the Tacony, a vessel every way inferior to the
one they had seized. The Secretary deeply re-
grets that the collector no longer lives to read this
acknowledgment of his prompt, energetic, and
judicious action.
The report of the Board of Supervising Inspect-
ors of styam vessels, to whose supervision Con-
gress has wisely committed the employment of
steam in water transportation, is herewith trans-
mitted. The importance of its action may be
inferred from the simple statement that there nave
been inspected during the past year 933 steam ves-
sels, valued at $10,135,057, with an aggregate
tonnage of 405,000 tons, which have carried, for
shorter oi longer distances, G,420,000 passengers.
The Secretary invites attention to the suggestion
of a safe system of signals, by sounds and lights,
adapted to the use of steam vessels, whether in
the merchant or national service; and which may,
perhaps, be extended so as to embrace Railing
vessels also. Such signals, understood by all,
might avert many disasters, and be the means of
many benefits, -without at all interfering with any
peculiar system required for special communica-
tion between vessels of the Navy.
The Secretary renews the recommendation of
his last report, that authority be given to sell the
buildings erected, but not needed or used, for
hospitals, and also such other buildings as arc
unoccupied or not required for their intended pur-
poses.
The operations under the charge of the Light-
House Bureau have been satisfactorily prosecuted
during the year. The Cape Charles light-house,
at the entrance of Chesapeake bay, was destroyed
by guerrillas in August last. Its reconstruction is
of great importance to commerce, and should be
immediately authorized and provided for.
The light-house system of the United States,
unlike those of commercial nations generally, is
maintained wholly at our own cost. The Secre-
tary suggests the expediency of providing for its
support and enlargement hereafter,so faras treaty
stipulations will permit, by a small duty on ton-
nage for light-house purposes. The benefits of
the system accrue to foieign as well as to Amer-
ican commcrce, and its burdens should be appor-
tioned accordingly.
In this report the Secretary necessarily omits
many things; but he cannot omit the expression
of his cordial appreciation of the zeal, intelligence,
and fidelity which the officers of the Department
generally have brought to the discharge of their
several duties. To their labors he sensibly feels
and gratefully acknowledges that he is indebted,
in gieatpart, foi the measure of success which
has attended its administration.
Still less could he excuse himself should he
omit to say how distinctly he recognizes, on look-
ing back through the year, the tokens of that di-
vine Providence which has led our country through
perils of every kind. Plow steadily and grandly,
and through what a sea of troubles, under that
benignant care, the Great Republic has moved
on ! How confidently may we trust its future to
the same sacied guidance!
S. P. CHASE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Report of the Secretary of War.
War Department,
Washington City, December 5, 1863.
Mr. President : A general summary of the
military operations of the past year is furnished
by the report of the General-in-Chief, herewith
submitted. A list of the detailed official reports
that have been returned to this Department by the
generals commanding also accompanies this re-
port. The influence of these operations, in sup-
pressing the rebellion and restating the authority
of the General Government, cannot be overesti-
mated. The victories of Stone river and of Get-
tysburg, the operations before Vicksburg and
Port Hudson, the occupation of East Tennessee,
the battle of Chickaffiauga, and the recent splen-
did successes before Chattanooga, and other en-
gagements of less note, are events that evince
skill, courage, and loyal patriotism, and a bril-
liancy of military achievement by the forces of
the United States unsurpassed in any age; while
the less fortunate battles of Fredericksburg and
Chanccllorsville manifested the spirit and forti-
tude of our troops in a degree worthy of the
highest admiration.
By the reduction of Vicksburg and Port Hud-
son the navigation of the Mississippi river has
been opened, and the national commerce is rap-
idly and securely returning to that great highway
of the continent. The rebel territory has been
cut in twain; the States west of the Mississippi no
longer furnish their ample supplies to the rebels,
while the people of those States are showing such
signs of returning loyalty that a speedy restora-
tion of civil government may confidently be antici-
pated.
In this view, the reduction of strongholds, the
capture of prisoners by thousands, and the acqui-
sition of immense stores of munitions of war, are
not more important than the political consequences
of these great military achievements. The occu-
pation of East Tennessee by the forces under Gen-
eral Burnside, and the operations resulting in the
occupation of Chattanooga, and the defeat of
Bragg's army by the forces under General Grant,
not only shed luster upon our aims, but, by af-
fording protection to a loyal population, thev can-
not fail greatly to weaken the rebel strength,and
operate strongly in restoring the authority of the
Federal Government.
The combined operations against Charleston
have not yet accomplished all that was expccted
from them, but the seizure and occupation of
Morris island by the fnicos under command of
General Gillmore, the reduction of Forts Wagner
and Sumter, are exploits in which the skill and
gallantry of the officers and the valor of our
troops have been exhibited in a degree of which
the country is justly proud.
In the State of Texas the flag of the Union has,
during the whole war, been upheld by a small
force at Franklin, so that the rebels have never
succeeded in wholly excluding Federal authority
from that State. The large force under General
Banks now operating in Texas will afford pro-
tection to the loyal population, who have long
been anxiously looking for sufficient military
power to enable them to reestablish civil govern-
ment. That period appears now at hand. By
the occupation of that State the chief avenue of
the rebels for foicign commerce and foreign aid
is cut off.
In the East the position of military affairs has
not undergone material change. In June the
long-cherished design of the rebel leaders to trans-
fer the seat of war from their own territory to the
loyal States was undertaken by their favorite
commander and their principal army. But the
defeat of General Lee, by the forces under com-
mand of General Meade, at Gettysburg, destroyed
their expectations, and drove back the enemy to
his accustomed shelter in the mountains of Vir-
ginia. The armies of General Meade and Gen-
eral Lee now occupy, relatively, nearly the same
position as at the date of my last annual report.
The numerous combatsand engagements between
detachments of these armies have been attended
with perhaps equal loss on both sides, and with-
out any material advantage to either.
Western Virginia is reported by the command-
er of that department to be now clear of any rebel
forcc, and the people of that newly organized
