1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ii
38th Cojtg....1st Sess.
JReport of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
State are enjoying^ in comparative peace, the
blessing of civil government.
The military operations in the Northwest de-
partment have routed, and, in a great measure,
destroyed, the hostile Indians, and afford protec-
tion to the people in that region from Indian bar-
barities. Ill the department of Missouri the rebel
forces have been driven beyond the Arkansas
line.
No military operations of any magnitude have
taken place m the departments of Virginia and
North Carolina. A threatened siege of Norfolk
and Suffolk, by the rebel General Longstreet,
was thwarted by the vigilant energy of General
Dix, and a siege of Washington, in North Caro-
lina, by the rebel General Hill, proved abortive.
The Federal force is now firmly planted in every
rebel State; and there is reason to hope that un-
der its protection the loyal people of those States
will soon cast off the yoke of their leaders, and
seek within the Union that peace and security for
life, liberty, and property which, in blind madness,
were recklessly thrown away.
The success of our arms daring the last year
has enabled the Department to make a reduction
of over two hundred million dollars in the war es-
timates for the ensuing fiscal yeaf.
In the operations that have been alluded to,
prisoners of war to the number of about thirteen
thousand have fallen into the hands of the enemy,
and are now held by them. From the commence-
ment of the rebellion until the War Department
came into my charge, there was no cartel or formal
exchange of prisoners; but at an early period af-
terwards a just and reasonable cartel was made
between Major General Dix and the rebel Gen-
eral Hill, which, until recently, was faithfully
acted upon by both parties. Exchanges under
that cartel are now stopped, mainly for the fol-
lowing reasons:
First. At Vicksburg over thirty thousand rebel
prisoners fell into our hands, and over five thou-
sand more at Port Hudson. These prisoners were
paroled and suffered to return to their homes until
exchanged pursuant to the terms of the cartel.
But the rebel agent, in violation of the cartel, de-
clared the Vicksburg prisoners exchanged; and,
without being exchanged, the Port Hudson pris-
oners he, without just cause, and in open viola-
tion of the cartel, declared released from their
parole. These prisoners were returned to their
ranks, and a portion of them were found fighting
at Chattanooga, and again captured. For this
breach of faith, unexampled in civilized warfare,
the only apology or excuse was, that ail equal
number of prisoners had been captured by the
enemy. But, on calling for specifications in re-
gard to these alleged prisoners, it was found that
a considerable number represented as prisoners
were not soldiers, but were non-combatants—
citizens of towns and villages, farmers, travelers,
and others in civil life, not captured in battle, but
taken at their homes, on their farms, or on the
highway, by John Morgan and other rebel raid-
ers, who put them under a sham parole. To bal-
ance these men against rebel soldiers taken on the
field would be relieving the enemy from the pres-
sure of war, and enable him to protract the con-
test to indefinite duration.
Second. WhentheGovernmentcommenced or-
ganizing colored troops, the rebel leader, Davis,
by solemn and official proclamation, announced
dt^at the colored troops and their white officers, if
captured, would not be recognized as prisoners of
war, but would be given up for punishment by
the State authorities.
These proceedings of the rebel authorities were
met by the earnest remonstrance and protest of
this Government, without effect. The oilers, by
our commissioner, to exchange man for man and
officer for officer, or to receive and provide for our
own soldiers, under the solemn guarantee that
they should not go mto the field until duly ex-
changed, were rejected. In the mean time, well-
authenticated statements show that our troops
held as prisoners of war were deprived of shelter,
clothing, and food, and some have perished from
exposure and famine. This savage barbarity
could only have been practiced in the hope that
this Government would be compelled, by sympa-
thy for the suffering endured by our troops, to
yield to the proposition of exchanging all the pris-
oners of war on both sides, paroling the excess
not actually exchanged; the effect of which opera-
tion would be to enable the rebels to put into the
field a new army forty thousand strong, forcing
the paroled prisoners into the ranks without ex-
change, as was done with those paroled at Vicks-
burg and Port Hudson; and also to leave in the
hands ofthe rebels the colored soldiers and officers,
who are not regarded by them as prisoners of
war, and therefore not entitled to the benefit of
the proposed exchange.
The facts and correspondence relating to this
subject are detailed in the accompanying report
of Major General Hitchcock, commissioner of
exchanges. As the matter now stands, we have
over forty thousand prisoners of war, ready at any
moment to be exchanged, man for man and offi-
cer for officer, to the number held by the rebels.
These number about thirteen thousand, who are
now supplied with food and raiment by this Gov-
ernment, and by our benevolent and charitable
associations and individuals. Two prisoners,
Captains Sawyer and Flynn, held by the rebels,
are sentenced to death, by way of a pretended re-
taliation for two prisoners tried and shot as spies
by command of Major General Burnside. Two
rebel officers have been designated, and are held
as hostages for them.
The rebel prisoners of war in our possession
have heretofore been treated with the utmost hu-
manity and tenderness consistent with security.
They have had good quarters, full rations, cloth-
ing when needed, and the same hospital treatment
received by our own soldiers. Indulgence of
friendly visils and supplies was formerly per-
mitted, but they have been cut off since the bar-
barity practiced against our prisoners became
known to the Government. If it should become
necessary for the protection of our men, strict re-
taliation will bo resorted to. But while the rebel
authorities suffer this Government to feed and
clothe our troops held as prisoners, we shall be
content to continue to their prisoners in our hands
the humane treatment they have uniformly en-
joyed.
The operation of the act of Congress for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces is ex-
hibited in the accompanying report of the Provost
Marshal General. At the time that law was en-
acted it was known to be very imperfect, many in-
telligent persons considering its execution wholly
impracticable, while few dared to hope for any
important benefit. The law has been enforced in
twelve States. It has brought from these States
fifty thousand soldiers, and has raised a fund of
over ten millions for procuring substitutes. With
all its imperfections it is demonstrated that the act
can be made an efficient means for recruiting our
armies and calling out the national forces. The
principal imperfections and the required amend-
ments will be submitted to Congress through the
appropriate committees. The most important to
be considered is what is called the tlireo hundred
dollar commutation. This feature of the act has
been much discussed, and opposing opinions are
nearly balanced as to the operation and effect of
this provision. While some claim that it is op-
pressive upon poor men and favors the rich, others
contend that it places rich and poor on an equal
footing, and enables the poor man to obtain ex-
emption from military duty for a sum within the
reach of every one. Without undertaking to rec-
oncile or decide between these conflicting opin-
ions, it is certain that this clause of exemption,
as it stands, occasions delay in calling out the
military force. The drafted man is exempted,
at the end of a long proceeding, by the payment
of a sum of money. Supposing that sum to be
adequate for procuring a substitute, considerable
time unavoidably elapses before a competent sub-
stitute can be procured. The question whether
this clause shall remain or be stricken out requires
the early attention of Congress. The fund of
§10,000,000 raised by the act as commutation
money is deposited with the United States Assist-
ant Treasurers, and is being applied to procuring
substitutes by the payment of bounties and pre-
miums.
Volunteering is going on, in some States, with
much spirit. The prime importance of filling up
the old regiments, and the superiority of such
force over new regiments, is a point on which all
military experience and opinions agree. The
bounty paid by the Government is, therefore,
limited to volunteers who go into old regiments,
or to veteran regiments that renew their term of
service. To veteran volunteers going into old
regiments the maximum bounty of the Govern-
ment is paid. Reports from the armies indicate
that a large proportion of the troops whose term
expires next year will reenlist—it being stipulated
by the Government that they shall have at least
one month's furlough before their present term
expires. The indications are that the force re-
quired will, in a great measure, be raised by vol-
unteering without draft. It is proper to add that
commanding generals bear testimony that the
drafted men who have gone-into the ranks acquit
themselves well, and make good soldiers. An
immediate appropriation for bounties should be
made.
An invalid corps has been organized under the
direction of the Provost Marshal General. In
the sanguinary battles and engagements of this
war, and by camp diseases, many officers and
soldiers have been disabled for active service who
are yet able to perform duty in garrison, or as
depot and prison guards, military police, and in
the arrest of skulkers and deserters. To give
honorable employment to this meritorious class,
who have suffered in the service of their country,
and to liberate able-bodied soldiers from duty that
can well be performed by the invalids, was the
purpose in organizing this corps. It now numbers
over twenty thousand officers and privates, who
are fully employed;and their-service has increased
the strength of the armies in the field, while by
their vigilance desertion from the Army has in a
great measure been checked. The beneficial re-
sults anticipated from this organization have been
more than realized. For the details in respect to
this organization reference is made to the report
of the Provost Marshal General, which is also
referred to for details in -respect to the operation
of the act enrolling and calling oat the national
forces, and the required amendments.
Immediately afterthe President's emancipation
proclamation diligent efforts were commenced, and
have continued until the present time, for raising
colored troops. The Adjutant General was sent
to the Mississippi valley to organize the system
there. A bureau, to have in charge all matters
belonging to such troops, was organized in the
War Department. The report of its chief shows
what progress has been made.
Over fifty thousand men are now organized and
in the ranks, and the number will rapidly increase
as our armies advance into the rebel States. The
raising of these troops has been retarded, first,
by the military operations in progress; and, sec-
ond, by the removal of theislaves into the interior
beyond reach of our recruiting agents. This ob-
stacle, it is hoped, will soon be entirely overcome.
Many persons believed, or pretended to believe,
and confidently asserted, that freed slaves would
not make good soldiers; that they would lack
courage, and could not be subjected to military
discipline. Facts have shown how groundless
were these apprehensions. The slave has proved
his manhood, and his capacity as an infantry sol-
dier, at Milliken's Bend,at the assault upon Port
Hudson, and the storming of Fort Wagner. The
apt qualifications of the colored man for artillery
service have long been known and recognized by
the naval service, and the subjoined extract from
an official report shows what he can do in cavalry
service:
"On the 17th instant, thirty men of company
A, 1st Mississippi cavalry, (African,) in connec-
tion with fifty men of the first battalion 4th Illi-
nois cavalry, while on a scout up the Yazoo val-
ley, met, one mile beyond Sartasia, one hundred
and fifty picked men of the 1st and 3d Texas cav-
alry. The 1st Mississippi behaved nobly, neither
lacking courage nor stead iness, firing with coolness
and precision. The engagement lasted half on
hour, the Texans being totally routed and demor-
alized, we capturing twenty-eight stands of arms
and seven prisoners."
The colored troops have been allowed no bounty,
and,under the construction given by the Depart-
ment, they can only, by existing law, receive
the pay of ten dollars per month, white soldiers
being paid thirteen dollars per month, with cloth-
