1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I suppose, on each side of it, without a word
being said about it. It is a very queer way of
doing business, indisposing of the public domain,
to take up a bill here making a grant of land to a
railroad, and then add some one hundred miles to
the line with the privilege of taking the alternate
sections of land 011 each side of the road, without
a word being; said about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my friend from In-
diana and my friend from Mame will allow me I
will make this suggestion: this question is an
important one, and should be considered carefully.
As a matter of course, we desire the Senate fully
to understand what it is. I suggest, therefore,
that this bill lie over until the bill which the Sen-
ator from Ohio has charge of shall be disposed of,
and then we can resume its consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have an appropriation
bill that i desire to take up after that. At any
rate, I think this subject ought to be very well
understood before it is disposed of.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Indi-
ana can go on and explain it now, if there is no
objection to proceeding with it now.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly. I acquiesce
in the suggestion of the Senator from Wisconsin
inasmuch as he is an interested party; but I de-
sire to say to the Senator from Maine that this
amendment is not for the first time brought to the
attention of the Senate. The otiginal bill as in-
troduced by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] proposed that the road should run
from Berlin to Baylieldand up to Superior. The
committee stiuck that out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did not that occasion a
great deal of debate in the Senate when the bill
was up before ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Not at all, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why I ob-
jected to the amendment was this: it seemed to be
passing without a word being said anywhere upon
it, and it struck me as a little singular that one
hundred miles of railroad with the privilege of
taking the altei nate sections of land along the line
of the road should be authorized by a mfru amend-
ment added to the bill without objection.
"Mr. HENDRICKS. The hill as introduced
by the Senator from Wisconsin provided that the
road should run from Beilin to Bayfield and Su-
peiior. The committee struck off that part be-
tween Bayfield and Superior.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ought to apologize to
the Senate for making a suggestion in regard to
the disposition of the public lands in the West.
I do not suppose that we in the East ically have
the slightest interest m it.
Mi. HOWE. I suggest that the Senator from
Maine have leave to express his opinions on the
question of the disposition of the public lands.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I entirely agree with the
Senator from Maine, that it is pei fectly right and
proper that he and every Senator should under-
stand this measure. I do not object in the slightest
degree that he asks that it should be explained to
him. We are perfectly prepared to do it now,
or we will wait until the gold bill is passed, and
then resume its consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think wo had better
go on with that bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We will let. this bill pass
over,and allow that bill to be taken up, and we
can resume the consideration of this bill after that
bill has passed. I will bring in a map in the
mean time and show the honorable Senator from
Maine precisely the state of the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid aside.
MESSAGE FROM TIlE HOUSE.
A message fiom the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhe$son, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the .Senate to the bill of the House
(3^o. 206) in addition to an act for the establish-
ment of eeitam arsenals.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had non-concurred in the re-
port of the committee of conference on the ihs-
« agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill (H.
R. No. 15) to provide a temporal y government
for the Territory of Montana: fun her insisted on
its disagreement to the Senate's amendment,and
asks a further conference; and that said commit-
tee be instructed to agree to no report which au-
thorizes any others than free white male citizens,
and those who have declared their intention to be-
come such, to vote; and had appointed Mr. Edwin
H. websterof Maryland,Mr.WilliamS. Hol-
man of Indiana, and Mr. James M. Marvin of
New York, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.'
fThe message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the Vice Pres-
ident:
A bill (H. R. No. 14|) to enable the people of
Nebraska to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into
the Onion on an equal footing with the original
States;
A bill (H. R. No. 297) fixing the date of the
loss of the United States brig Bainbridgo, and for
the relief of officers, seamen, and marines of the
same, and for other purposes;
A joint resolution (H.R. No. 13) tendering the
thanks of Congress to Admiral Porter;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 21) relative to
the accounts of the petty officers, seamen, and
others of the crew of the United States gunboat
Cincinnati; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 54) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to sell at public auc-
tion lot No. 13 in the village of Sadcett's Harbor,
New York.
TKRUITOItY OF MONTANA.
Mr. WADE. I rise to what I believe is a
privileged motion. I ask to have the action of
the House of Representatives on the bill (II. II.
No. 15) to provide a temporary government for
the Teiritory of Montana read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In IIousf. of Rkphkscntativ r: ,
Jiprtl Ja, J Mi i.
Resolved* That tlx; Uou-se non-concur in ihe H-poEt oi
the commit lee of conici onee on the OPnig vote* of the
two Hou-cs on the bili of the Hoihc (No. 15) to provide a
temporaiy sovemmeut for the Tetrilory of Montana; lui-
Itiei newton disamveui*^ to the Sennt«,,« aim'ndmau'j «u:tl
u*k .1 iuitliei coiileM'hee; and 1 li.it '•ant commuted he in-
PUacted to «nri"e to no u'poit winch uulhouzo^ am flUieiv
than fiee white male caucus and tliu-e who h.iv^cie-
clared their intention to become pucb, to vote
Or.letcd, That Mi.Kjuvln II Webstkr o! Mnnlaud,
Mi. William .S.Uolm^n ot Indiana, and Mi. Jami.s M.
Marvin of New York, he the ni.uiugci-, ol Mud contcicnce
on th" pint of mo House.
Mi. WADE. That icsolution 1 helie\eis very
unusual, if nor altogether unknown in confer-
ences between the two Houses, so fir as I know.
It precludes the idea of a free conference between
the two Houses, taking their resolution as it
stands. They non-concur in the leport of the
committee of confei ence, and ask another confer-
ence, and then they instruct theii connmtlec not
to agiee to a repoit except upon certain condi-
tions. I do not know whaf course we ought to
take; but on reflection, I think we may make
this proposition 
Mi. FESSENDEN. I wish to nsk the Sena-
tor whether there is any other matter of difference
than that very question on which the House in-
struct theii committee. Is not that the only one?
Mr. WADE. That is the only question on
which there is a disagreement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the question is
whether we shall appoint a committee to agree
with the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to my colleague
that he can move that the Senate iccedo from its
amendments, and that passes the bill, leaving it
precisely as it was reported from the Committee
on Temtoiies,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I would not do it under
those circumstances.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are opposed to negro
su Ifi age.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We aie m favor of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then the fili-
ate can move !o adhere.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that this would
be the proper mode of proceeding, but 1 am in-
clined to think it would: that we agree with the
House so far as to have another conference, but
disa^ieo as to the instructions they base ^ivis,
Mr, FESSENDEN. Wc cannot disagree to
then instructions.
Mr. WADE. Would it be in order to make
the motion I have suggested?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) It is not competent the Chair unw
demands, for the Senate to alter the instructions
of the House to its committee.
^Mr. WADE. I do not propose to alter the in-
structions. That is not my motion. It is that
we agree with the House proposition to appoint
another committee of conference, but disagree to
any instructions they have given to their com-
mittee.
Mr. GRIMES. They do not ask us to agree
to them.
Mr. WADE. No; they ask us to appoint an-
other committee. They have appointed then-
committee, and they ask us to do likewise.
Mr. GRIM.ES. But their instructions to their
committee area wholly independent matter.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me to make a suggestion?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I was one of the Senators
who voted to amend that bili in a manner dis-
agreeable to the House of Representatives. On
that proposition I might have voted to recede, but
not now under these circumstances. I suggest to
the Senator that a message be returned to the
House that the Senate refuse to appoint a com-
mittee of conference to meet the committee of the
Hou.se on the terms proposed in the accompany-
ing lesolution. That will present to the House
the question whether they will recede from that
resolution and meet the Senate in free conference
or not. 1 make that suggestion. I think it is the
only proper way for the Senate to maintain itself.
Mr. WADE. So far as this matter is concerned
it is to me perfectly novel. I have never known
anything of the kind before, although 11iave not
been very conversant with these proceedings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a sug-
gestion. The effect substantially of the instruc-
tions is that the House adheio toils former vote.
That is just what it means and nothing else; that
they will not agree under any circumstances with
the views of the Senate. Instead of saying that
they adhere, they say that they appoint a con-
ference to meet the Senate, on condition that the
Senate will agree to recede, a thing perfectly un-
heard of; and I think on deliberation the House
will be satisfied that it is as my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] says,.a very unusual course of pro-
ceeding. If I made any motion with regard to
it, I should move, as due to ourselves under those
circumstances, that the Senate refuse to concur
vviih the House in the appointment of another
committee of conference, and adhere to their
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would defeat the bill.
Mr. FES.SEN0EN, Very well, let the bill go.
Mr. SHERAjAN. I suggest whtHher it would
not be bettor to disagree to the conference asked
fot by the House, ami then, in any form of lan-
guage you choose, to ask the House for an open
committee of conference. That would dispense
with the resolution of the1 House, and you would
have a conference, and the question would then
come up on receding. If it wore not for what I,
consider the rather unmannerly message of the
House, I would move that the Senate recede, but
1 will not make that motion vi lib this resolution
of the House before us.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 object entirely to our
getting down on our knees to the House about
this mode of proceeding. They haw sent a mes-
sage here that they adhere, substantially; and as
they choose to adhere, all that is left to us is either
to recede or adhere. The idea of having another
committee of conference under these circumstances
is absurd.
'i Mr. SHERMAN. We can decline the confev-
ij ence asked for by them, and then ask a confer-
ii enco ourselves.
|1 Mr. WADE. Of course they have precluded
1| us from any conference by stating that the only
;i terms on which they will meet us is that we will
agrt e to their views. That, I suppose, is not very
couiteous to the Senate; but after ail I should be
unwilling to lose the hill in this way if it can pos-
sibly be saved. I svill therefore move, as I did
in the fust pi.ice, that the Senate agree to the eon-
ff)euro a>'ked fW by the House, the eonfeiees to
be appointed by the Chan", but disagree to any
instiuctions to the committee.
