1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of our Government millions have been en-
slaved, An entire race has been deprived of all
social rank, barred our schools, shut out.from the
/ gospel, and then held to be inferior for not rising
in spite of their hinderances to an equality with
the Saxon in the enjoyment of each of these privi-
leges. Under cur Government the African is a
nondescript; he is not a man, nor yet is he.a brute;
he has hot the rights nor the protection of either;
he has no resting place, no refuge within this land
of liberty and Christianity, and yet he is the only
innocent party within its entire boundaries. Tell
me where he may rear the home altar and enjoy
unmolested the companionship of'wife and chil-
dren. Up to this hour, such is the force of pre-
judice, that if, rising above and forgetting the in-
human treatment of our Government, the colored
man enters our armies and imperils his life in its
defense, he is denied notonly the pay but the pro-
tection of a soldier. And yet we crave Heaven's
blessing.
Had slavery been content with despoiling the
colored race only, its existence, I doubt not, might
have been prolonged for years. But, in its greed,
its exactions reached beyond. It inaugurated a
plan of adding territory, by conquest and pur-
chase, to our already immense unpopulated do-
main, for the avowed purpose of creating slave
State^, that an equilibrium might be preserved
between freedom and slavery. What a scheme
in a free Government! It was a procedure as
prudent and quite as certain to be productive of
good as it would be if a Christian church, for
the promotion of harmony and a growth in grace,
should, upon the receipt of each saint, admit an
avowed infidel and libertine into its communion.
Satisfy me that a union of holiness and sin, a
blending of heaven and hell are essential to har-
mony and peacc, and I will admit not only the
policy but the wisdom and justice of retaining
the system of slavery in our Government.
Territory was acquired, and yet slavery with
all of its efforts could not compete with the enter-
prise and progress of freedom. Seeing this, and
maddened by disappointment, it abrogated its
solemn covenants and commanded the Federal
Government to create a slave State in Kansas.
Failing here, too, with a mendacity known only
to unmixed wickedness, it resolved to rule or rum
the nation. To this end it entered, corrupted, and
divided our churches and political parties, incar-
cerated Christian men and women for teaching
the alphabet, waged war against free speech,
framed new issues, prostituted the ballot-box,
suborned legislators, and even polluted the pure
robes of the judfeiary with its guilty hands. But,
as if Us cup of iniquity were not full, it placed a
frigid ingrate in the Executive cl#air, surrounded
him with its instiuments, and then bade the old
man worship and obey it. I should except the
patriot Cass, who in the trying hour nobly pre-
ferred his country to his place. Thus strength-
ened and guarded, with a fiendish malignity sla-
very grasped the implements of war, drained the
coffers of the nation, and rushed to the destruc-
tion of a Government upon whose bounty and
forbearance it had been nurtured and fed; and
when with uplifted dagger it threatened the na-
tion's life, men were found, ay, men at the North,
who gravely asked the Government to pause arid
examine the Constitution to see if there was any
express clause in that instrument permitting the
exercise of the power of self-preservation. The
superannuated old man did pause. The mar-
shaled hosts, the millions of expended treasure,
{ne bleaching bones and the uncoffined ashes of
half a million of brave men now scattered upon a
thousand lulls and valleys, are among the conse-
quences. The scarlet waters of a hundred sweep-
ing livers, and the crimsoned earth dyed with
patriot blood, cry out against this wicked act.
The deep waitings in the land, the drooping head
of age, the weeping wife and mother as she prays
and watches for the absent, ail witness against
the criminal ncglect of an Executive steeped in
slavery and doomed to eternal infamy. God for-
give the State that bore this degenerate son !
Self-preservation! it is cngiaven upon each
soul by the finger of God. It is an instinct in
every breast. It is recognized by every being
on earth, except such as have lost their human-
ity through the influence of this damned sin.
Self-preservation ! 11 is written m every constitu*
tion in Christe-ndom; it underlies all Govern-
ments, and is tolerated even by those absolute
monarchies where the tyrant's will is the only
law. Pause to examine the Constitution when
the assassin's .dagger is at my breast! I would
first hurl him to the earth and trample him to
dust, and then vindicate my act by the universal'
approval of mankind, and also by the laws of
Almighty God. Violate the Constitution to save
the life of the nation! It is absurd. There can
be no such thing. He who hesitates to repel the
assault when the nation's life is imperiled, not
only violates this instrument by the act, but he
is a coward—he who refuses is a traitor.
"We see that slavery ,«after despoiling the Af-
rican, has steadily and aggressively advanced in
its exactions and lusts, till it is now thundering
at our gates and threatening the nation's exist-
ence. Shall we yield this ? The nation and
slavery cannot both live. Which is of the greater
value? I say destroy this monster at once,
root out this noxious plant, leave not a fiber to
again sprout and choke the tree of liberty planted
by our fathers. We have the power; the neces-
sity is apparent; therefore let us perform this duty
and save the nation. To stop short of this is a
criminal truce.
Sir, this is not a mere struggle between the
North and the South; it is a conflict between two
systems; a controversy between right and wrong.
This is not a war between the Puritan and the
Cavalier; freedom begat the former and slavery the
latter. They are only instruments in the hands
of their respective creators.
Mr. Speaker, the present American Congress
occupies a position at this moment of greater re-
sponsibility than has devolved upon a like body
since the year 177G. The events of an entire cen-
tury transpire in ayear. The United States have
made more history in the three years last past
than can be written out in an ordinary lifetime. Our
action upon this question will adorn or forever
sully one of its pages. Our action this day will
give perpetuity to a nation of freemen or of slaves*
By our action at this time shall we be honored or
execrated by the millions who shall people the
continent of the West. The eyes of a world aie
upon us; the hopes of the oppressed, the inteiesis
of freedom in every land hang upon our decision,
and the blessings or the cursings of Almighty God
await our final proceedings.
Mr. HERIUCK obtained the floor.
The House then took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m., (Mr. L. Myers occupying the
chair as Speaker pro tempore,) and resumed the
consideration of joint resolution of the Senate
No. 1G, submitting to the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States a proposition to amend the Constitu-
tion of the United States.
Mr. HERRICK. Mr. Speaker, as I intend to
vote against this proposition to tamper with the
Constitution of our fathers, which 1 have been
taught.to reverence as a masterpiece of wisdom
in statesmanship, and as being the foundation of
the most perfect system of human government
ever devised by man, it is but proper that I should
state to the House and the country some of the
reasons which impel me to make the record I in-
tend upon the question of the passage of this im-
portant resolution. I have, however, no hope
that anything I may say will affect the action of
this House upon the measure now pending; but
for all that, as the Representative of a constitu-
ency as deeply interested in the perpetuation of
the American Union as any other population
within its borders, 1 fed it to be my duty as well
to raise my voice agamst this measure as to re-
cord my vote. My remarks, however, will be
brief, and, I hope, pertinent to the question before
the House.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, I am impelled
by my understanding to regard the introduction
of this pregnant resolution at this particular time,
duung the pi ogress of a terrible war, and amidst
the very clashing of arms and the slaughter of our
citizens by tons of thousands, a war prosecuted
professedly for the enforcement of the laws and
the preservation of the Constitution we propose
to amend, only as another of the ill-devised and
hialicious mcasuies of the political dynasty m
power, especially designed to protract the <
latmg conflict, and to render entirely impossible
the ultimate restoration of the Union after our
armies shall have completely overcome and dis-
persed the armed force of the.rebellion.,
To my mind, this is a disunion measure; and
in my view the adoption of this resolution bjr
Congress, and its subsequent incorporation into
the Constitution through the assent of " bogus"
State organizations to be improvised forths oc-
casion, under the President's one tentlj amnesty
proclamation or the*reconstruction bill introduced
by the distinguished gentlemen from Maryland
or new States to be organized by dividing old
ones, as in the case of West Virginia, or created
out of Territories not having a sufficient number
of inhabitants to entitle them to a single Repre-
sentative upon this floor—I say the adoption of
this measure under such circumstances can have
no other effect than to seal forever the dissolution
of the Union declared by the seceding States three
years ago, however superior the northern States
may prove in military power.
Sir, this- resolution is nothing else than a dis-
union measure. Itmeansnothingelsethaneternal
disunion and a continuous war. Its design could
have been only to widen the existing breach be-
tween the Union and the slave States now in re-
bellion, and to render peace upon any acceptable
terms to the South unapproachable. It will give
the rebel leaders a new pretext for continuing In
arms, for it is virtually a formal declaration of
Congress and the northern people that «ubmission
to the Federal authority and a renewal in good
faith of their allegiance to the Government will
profit them nothing in the way of securing to
themselves and their posterity the rights which
the Constitution, as their fathers and our fathers
made it, guaranties to all the States. I mean the
right to regulate their own internal affairs, to de-
termine their own system of labor, to control their
own social institutions, to have slavery or leave
it alone, to fix the status of their inhabitants sev-
erally, and to give or withhold the lights of citi-
zenship and suffrage as they may see fit, and to
exercise the attributes of absolute sovereignty in
all matters not especiully delegated to the General
Government.
This resolution, which strikes at the original
compact between the several States,and which, I
apprehend, is,to bfc "put through" and forced
into the Constitution " by hook or by crook," by
the creation, if necessary, of new or bogus States
enough to insure for it the requisite indorsement
of the Legislatures of three fourths of those
which the ruling power may please to reckon in
the Union, will, in my judgment, close the last
avenue to a reconciliation of our presentsectional
difficulties, and in the eyes of the world will fur-
nish sufficient justification for continued resist-
ance on the part of those States which may not
be allowed to freely participate m making this vir-
tually neu> Constitution—new, because this amend-
ment will absolutely upset the social organiza-
tion in which the people of the slayeholding States
were bred, while it will disturb the rights of prop-
erty among them, disarrange all their industrial
pursuits, and completely wipe out of existence,
without compensation, the patrimony of a mul-
titude of innocent people, many of whom may not
have participated in the rebellion in any degree.
Do the advocates of this measure want the old
Union restored? Are they desirous of having this
sanguinary contest terminated in the return of the
southern States to their allegiance? Do they wish
to reestablish fraternal relations through an hon-
orable peace with those people who are now m
rebellion, and are they ready, through the coopera-
tion of a reconciled South, once more to form a
united country that we may again take our place
in the front rank of the nations of the earth? If
so, I beg them to pause before they consummate
this momentous action. Howcan they expect to
get the seceded States back into the Union by en-
acting measures to keep them out, is a question
that has been pertinently asked; and here I ask it
again of the supporters of this resolution. Why,
if they be really desirous of restoring the Union,
wilt they not drop the negro and cease to tamper
with the Constitution until peace shall once more
spread her wings within our borders?
The Constitution as framed by the founders of
our Government should be the bond of peace.
Fidelity to its provisions and strict adherence to
