THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
its considerate compromises is the sacred duty of
all who have shared its blessings. It was de-
signed as the guarantee of reciprocal advantages
and the anchor of safety for contested rights. It
is an instrumemof harmony, wrought outof dis-
cordant elements and various sectional and con-
flicting interests, to secure a glorious sisterhood
of coequal States in one majestic nation, for a
'common destiny. That majestic nation I would
preserve in ail its greatness and glory. I would
notsacrifice it nor abate a solitary square mile of
its territory for th« freedom of all the negroes ever
born in. Africa, much less for the poor satisfaction
of wreaking vengeance upon the wretchecT and
thwarted traitors who have vainly sought to de-
stroy it by rebellion and secession. I would
freely pardon every traitor that breathes the
southern air if thereby I could save the Union
and restore our bleeding country to peace and
tranquility.
If the object of this bloody war is really to re-
store, the Union, as its promoters would have us
believe in spite of their disunion policy, 1 have
never been able to understand why slavery, or
the condition of the negroes of the South, should
have any more necessary connection with it than
the houses, mules, and other propeity of that
section of i ho country. If the mm of the Admin-
istration is to compel the insurrectionary States
to perform their duties under the Constitution—
 nd lhat should be its only aim in this war—to
pov duties on impoits to the Federal Treasury,
iind to yield obedience to Federal authority in
oil icsp' cfs like the other States, it seems to me
to be fully hi iheoxtrenio to war upon the tenure
nf any description of southern property. But my
MiuletMttiiding is at fault, Mr. Speaker, if the
pai ty in power have any such intention. On the
eontinry, they seem to have ingeniously and
successfully devised a system of measures look-
ing directly to the complete destruction of the
very tights of which the southern people ate most
j alous and which the Crittenden resolution* de-
clared should be respected and protected, lush «d
of seeking to restoie the States to the Union with
their constitutions and tights unimpaired, it lias
now become the avowed object of the paity in
power to prevent, the restoiation of a solitary
State with any of its independent- rights. The
reconstruction bill which passed thia House the
other day,%s well as the measure now under con-
sideration, amounts to a full confession of such
a policy.
In view of the recent gratifying achievements of
our arms, it seems to me, sir, that it would be
wise in ihe further prosecution of the war to con-
fine our policy to tin; use of Ann: iiguinst force;
and not, l>y ve legislation like that we
have now under consideration and that which we
have been maturing for the last six months, to
blast the love and repel the attachment to the
Union that may bestilMingering in the breasts of
tens of thousands of hpnest citizens of the South
who have been rebels only by compulsion, on
account of the inability of the Government to pro-
tect them in their loyalty and crush the rebel au-
thoiities, which they have been forced to support
and obey upon their pen!.
Why will not our friends upon the other side
of the House let this whole negro question rest
until we shall have subdued the rebellion; oral
least, why will they not leave it to abide its fate at
the handaof the military department? While we
are conquering the icbelhon, Mr. Speaker, we
should learn to conquer our prejudices aiid con-
template the obnoxious domestic institutions of
the South in a spirit of patriotism and toleration
as did theconaiderate statesmen who laid the foun-
dation of iheGovernment upon compromises and
concessions which must still be perpetuated if we
would preset ve that Government from the convul-
sions which now threaten its overthrow, and
which can never be quieted by any rough-shod
measureshke this. White we are expending life
and treasure without measure, and learning to
look upon blood and carnage with composuie,is
it too much to ask of the politicians who now
direct the affairs of the Government to sacrifice
their political theories, it may be their philan-
thropic impulses or their humanitarian philos-
ophy, as well as their partisan prejudices and
party affinities, for the sake of our suft'eriuo-coun-
try? If negro emancipation is found to stand in
the way of the redstablishment of our free and
united Government, upon the principles and com-
promises which guided our fathers in its original
construction, is it' not their high and patriotic
duty to let the negro slide while we reconcile the.
dreadful sectional antagonism which is deluging
the land with the best blood of our people?
Sir, the assumption that slavery is the cause of
this war, and that there can be no union of these
States while slavery is tolerated in any of them,
is a position which the facts do not warrant or
justify. The Union, according to my under-
standing, was established upon the idea that a
free Government could exist when composed of
independent States, of various geographical posi-
tions, and possessingaltogether different systems
of social organization, for common purposes; and
the assumption of the Republicans, to which 1
refer, is an argument not only against the rights
of States to govern themselves, but it is a conces-
sion that the great principle contended for in the
Revolution of 1776, after a trial of eighty years
has proved a failure, and that we are now carry-
ing on a gigantic civil war to establish a consoli-
dated central Government upon a homogeneity of
interests. Success in this undertaking would only
undo what our fathers accomplished in 1776.
But, sir, in my judgment tins can never be ac-
complished.
Before we can have any right to expect peace,
Mr. Speaker, and such a peace as will reconcile
the people of the two sections again to live to-
gether under one Government and present to the
world a united and prosperous country, the glow-
ing fanaticsof the party now in power must cease
to breathe threatenings and slaughter upon the
southern people for the sin of siaveholdmg, and
cease to clamor for extermination, general con-
fiscation, and uuiveisal emancipation. The his-
tory of mankind, Mr. Speaker, should touch us
that if we would have this Government reunited
with equal i ights and equal privileges to the States,
that end must be brought aboutby other agencies
ihan military force and unforgiving hate. Sir, I
believe then; have been times in the progress of
this war when the exercise of a iittie wisdom on
the part of the Administration and the manifesta-
tion of a conciliatory policy might have closed it
with honor and without humiliation on the part
of either of the belligerents; but those oppor-
tunities have been invariably destroyed by some
exasperating proclamation, order^or act on the
part of the Governinent, apparently especially
designed to drive the minds of relenting rebels into
moie desperate enmity. Sir, the resolution we
are now considering is one of those measures the
adoption of which can have no other than anem-
banasMng efiectnpon the negotiation which must
inevitably precede a restoiation of amicable illa-
tions between the nosy antagonist sections of our
unhappy country, if such relations should ever
be reestablished.
Sir, the slavery issue, which this resolution seeks
to finally settle in a summary manner by the im-
mediate abolition of slavery, is legitimately merged
in the higher-issue of the right of the States to
control their domestic affairs, and to fix each, for
itself the status, not only of the negro, but of all
other people who dwell within then* borders.
That is the great question involved in the resolu-
tion now before tin* Ilouse. It must be recol-
lected, lVlr. Speaker, that even m the free States
we have divers local laws to regulate the status of
different classes of people. While some of the
western States have, or have had, laws forbidding
negroes to come within their lines to reside either
as freemen or slaves, some of the New England
States, under the Know-Nothing fanaticism, en-
acted thaL men born m foreign countries should
not becomc citizens or be entitled to the elective
franchise until after a probationary residence of
twenty-one years, and California has a code ap-
plicable to us Chinese settlers, fastening burdens
upon them to which none of its other inhabitants
arc subjected.
Now, sir, in resisting the various unconstitu-
tional schemes of the President and his party in
Congress to accomplish the abolition of slavery,
the Democratic party have not sought to uphold
the institution of negro bondage on its merits, but
only to maintain the constitutional right of each
State to determine for itself, as the northern States
have done, what shall be the relative position of
the black race in their midst; and to determine
also, when they will abolish slavery, or whether
they will abo.lish it at all. These rights, guaran-
tied by the Constitution, have been exercised by
the northern States at tbeir pleasure, and the De-
mocracy hold as a principle that the southern
States cannot and should not be deprived of the
same privileges. The people of the several Stales,
when the Constitution was formed, had, from
their first settlement as colonists, enjoyed the right
to manage their domestic and local affairs through
their own legislative bodies; and when the repre-
sentatives of the States came together in Conven-
tion to form the Constitution, no proposition was
made from any quarter that those inherent rights
should be invaded, much less surrendered. No
State at that time would have yielded one tittle of
those rights for the sake of a Union. They justly
regarded the ccntral Government, \\ hich they then
organized, and which is the same to this day, as
incompetent to manage the local affairs and reg-
ulate the domestic concerns of so many different
communities; and possibly that is one reason
why they were never confided to the General Gov-
ernment. While on the contrary, by an express
provision of the Constitution, they are with jeal-
ous care especially reserved to the States, whose
independence in that respect was not impaired in
the least degree by the terms of the original Union.
The States were nil left at liberty to abolish, con-
tinue, or establish slavery as they pleased* and
the right of Virginia to adhere to slavery was as
clear as the right of Massachusetts, New York,
and other States to abolish it.
I perfectly agree with the distinguished Sena-
tor who said that the States which adhered to sla-
very and continued it, it being the normal condi-
tion of the colonies, had more reason and juster
grounds for complaint against the Stales which
abolished it .than those States had against such
as chose to continue it. I believe also that if all
the States holding slaves at the close of the rev-
olutionary war had continued to hold them to the
present time the mischievous agitation of the
44 negro question " by the people of some of those
States would never have occurred and this rebel-
lion would never have been heard of. If there
had been no abolition in Massachusetts, New
Yoik, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and other
States which held slaves at the organization of
the Government, slavery would never have been
accused of being the caus^ of this war, and no
trouble could have arisen between the States on
account of it.
Nobody, Mr. Speaker, will pretend to say,
even at this day, that the Union could have been
formed in the first place if the Constitution had
not recognized and protected the slave institution.
Sir, does anybody believe that if the representa-
tives of a mujortty of the States in the Conven-
tion which framed the Constitution had insisted
upon incorporating into that instrumentothe reso-
lution now upon your table our Union could
have been consummated? No, sir. Had New
England then insisted upon the abolition of sla-
very we all know that the Constitution would
have failed and there would have been no Union
for the rebels of the present day to destroy or for
us to save. This country then would have been
split up into sundry confederacies, or perhaps
each of the States would have been left to " go it
alone."
Now, sir, the truth is that the protection which
the Constitution threw around the slavery sys-
tem of the South, and the guarantee it g*ve to the
African slave trade for a period of twenty years,
was in fact the very bond of our Union; for it is
manifest that no Union could have been formed
if those,inthese days,horrid provisions had been
omitted ! What a terrible idea fpr our negro-
worshiping friends on the other side of the House
to contemplate!
In this view of our governmental compact—
denominated by the abolitionists 44 an agreement
with hell"—and its provisions establishing the
tenure of slave property, the rights of the people
of the slaveholding States in such property can-
not be equitably or honestly abrogated without
their consent. It is not, however, my intention
to argue this point, for I am sure that I should
never be able to convince the majuutydf this
House that they have not the light by some
" higher law" to abrogate every spccies of prop-
erty belonging to a slaveholder, and to tinker the
Constitution to suit themselves, and then say to
the people of the South,*4This shall be your
