1863.]
APPENDIX- TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
S8th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
SENATE & HO. OF Rejs.
made, with proper diligence and fidelity on the
part of the officers intrusted with this important
duty.
The Quartermaster Gerleral has for some months
been making a careful personal inspection of 1ms
branch of service in the different military depart-
ments, but his report has not yet been received.
The report of the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence shows that the subsistence for the Army,
with the exception of fresh beef and Hour, has in
great part been procured by advertising for bids,
and selecting the lowest for suitable articles, in
the cities of Boston, New York, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, Cincinnati, Louisville, and St. Louis.
Flour has, when possible, been procured in the
same manner, at points nearer to our armies.
Fresh beef has been obtained ii? general by con-
tract, sometimes on the hoof, and at other times
from the block. On the coast of the Carolinas and
the Gulf, and for a large portion of the year at
New Orleans, beef has been forwarded on the hoof
from New York. Itis believed that at every point
the troops have been supplied with abundance of
good wholesome food, and that if, in movements
of our armies, a temporary want has been felt, it
has not been due to any cause over which the
officers of this Department had control. In addi-
tion to the troops, subsistence has been furnished
to nil prisoners, whether political or war, to large
numbers of contrabands, and to suffering Union
families found by our armies in the rebel States.
Great improvementhas taken place in the render-
ing of accounts by volunteer officers, although
cases of neglect still exist. The few regular offi-
cers of this branch of the service have had heavy
labors and responsibilities imposed upon them,
and have exhibited intelligence, integrity, and zeal.
The Paymaster General reports that, except
where payments have been postponed by com-
manding generals, on account of pending opera-
tions, the various armies in the field are substan-
tially paid to the 31st of October, 1863, the latest
period allowable bylaw and regulation, and that
funds have been provided and placed in the proper
hands for full payment of all the troops in service
up to the date mentioned.
By the report of the acting Surgeon General,
the Department is informed that the latest reports
received give one hundred and eighty-two general
hospitals, with a capacity of 84,472 beds. The
number of patients remaining in general hospi-
tals June 30, 1863, was 9.1 per cent., and in the
field 4.4 per cent, of the entire mean strength of
the Army, of whom 11 per cent, were sick, and
2.5 per cent, wounded. The corps of medical
inspectors, by the system of inspections estab-
lished, has added materially to the efficiency of
the medical and hospital service, and a marked
impi ovemeut in all matters of sanitary precaution
and police is exhibited. Companies of the sec-
ond battalion, invalid corps, have in many in-
stances been advantageously substituted for con-
tract nurses, attendants, and cooks in the general
hospitals. Appropriations are asked for the pay-
ment of washing in those hospitals and on tians-
portswhere a sufficient number of matrons cannot
be employed; for the collection and preservation
of pathological specimens in the Army medical
museum; and for the preparation and examina-
tion of drugs, in connection with the purveying
depots. The health of the troops has been good,
and the mortality less than the preceding year.
The signal corps was organized under an act of
the last Congress. The average number of offi-
cers on duty is reported as one hundred and
ninety-eight. The full capacity of this branch of
service has not yet been developed, and different
opinions as to its value seem to be entertained by
commanding officeis. In combined land and na-
val operations it has been considered useful, and
commanding officers of western armies have com-
mended it with favor. The continuance of the
corps is recommended by this Department, with
proper restrictions upon the number of officers,
and limiting them to their proper scope of duties.
The military telegraph, under the general direc-
tion of Colonel Stager and Major Eckert, has been
of inestimable value to the service, and no corps
has suipassed, few have equaled, the telegiaph
operators in diligence and devotion to their duties.
From the superintendent's report it appears
that the military telegraph lines required by the
Government have been constructed over an ex-
tensive and scattered territory, embracing the
District of Columbia, parts of the States of Penn-
sylvania,Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Maryland, Dela-
ware, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas,
Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Kansas, and
the Indian tenitories.
Under the immediate direction of Major Eck-
ert, assistant superintendent, of the department
of the Potomac, three hundred miles have been
constructed during the year. Under the direction
of Captain Smith, assistant superintendent, of
the department of Missouri, five hundred and
forty-eight miles have been constructed during
the year, one mile of which was submarine. Un-
der the direction of Captain Bruch, assistant
superintendent, of the departments of the Ohio,
Cumberland, and Mississippi, five hundred and
ten miles have been constructed during the year.
Under the direction of Captain David, assistant
superintendent, of the departmentof WesternVir-
ginia, ninety-seven miles have been constructed
during the same period. Under the direction of
Captain Bulkley, assistant superintendent, of the
department of the Gulf, three hundred miles* have
been built, one mile of which was submarine.
On the 1st day uf July, 1862, there were 3,571
miles of land and submarine lines in working or-
der. During the fiscal year 1,755 miles of land
and submarine line were constructed, making the
total number of miles of land and submarine mil-
itary telegraph lines in operation during the year
5,326, being length of line sufficient to girdle more
than one filth of the circumference of the globe.
By a close estimate, it appears that at least one
million two hundred thousand telegrams have
been sent and received over the military lines in
operation during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1863, being at the rate of about thirty-three hun-
dred per diem. These messages have varied in
length from ten to one thousand words and up-
wards, and generally were of an urgent or most
important character.
Pursuant to acts of Congress passed February
16, 1863, and July 12, 1862, three commissioners
were appointed to examine and report upon all
claims arising under the act of March 25, 1862,
entitled "An act to secuie to the officers and men
actually employed in the Western department, or
department of Missouri, their pay, bounty, and
pension." The sum of $100,000, or so much as
should be necessary, was appropriated by an act
passed May 14,1862, to pay the claims awarded.
The commissioners have reported in favor of
claimsamounting to the sum of $800,612 13. No
power of apportionment being vested in the De-
partment, further legislation or a larger appropri-
ation will be requned to cany these acts into
effect.
Many claims are presented to the Department
for the use of land occupied by the Government
as forts, campmggrounds, and other public works,
for forage and other property used or injured by
the troops. Some of these claims are just, others
doubtful, and many exorbitant or fraudulent.
The Department has no mode of investigating
them, and no appropriation to pay them. It is
submitted that provision should be made by act
of Congress for their speedy adjustment and pay-
ment.
Diligent effort has been made for the enforce-
ment of discipline, the detection of fiauds, and
their prevention and punishment by summary
dismissal, or by the conviction and sentence of
guilty parties by court-martial and military com-
mission. In this respect much has been accom-
plished by the Judge Advocate General and his
assistants. Fiom his repoi t it appears that, since
the commencement of the rebellion, vast as has
been the increase of the duties and labors of his
office, there has been no legislative provision en-
larging the instrumentalities for their performance.
The machinery of the office remains as when the
Army consisted but of some thirteen thousand
inen. This condition of things is the more strik-
ing when it is remembered that in every other
branch of the military service legislation has kept
pace with the wants created by the emergencies
of the war. It is essential that the force of this
office be increased to meet the emergencies of the
service. The following is a summary of the busi-
ness dispatched in the Judge AdvocateGeneral's
office from the IstSeptember, 1862, to 1st Novem-
ber, 1863, a period of fourteen months: Number
of records of trials by general courts-martral and
military commissions reviewed, 17,357; Num-
ber of reports made as to the regularities of the
proceedings, on applications for restoration to the
service, and for the pardon of offenders, and re-
mission or commutation of sentences, 2,318.
Miscellaneous reports on other questions referred
to the office, 172.
While many of these reports are brief, many
are lbng and elaborate, involving an examination?
of complicated masses of fact, and of difficult
legal questions. As recorded, they occupy about
two thousand quarto pages.
It gives me pleasure to bear witness to the
general diligence, ability, and fidelity manifested
by the chiefs of the several bureaus of this De-
partment. Whatever success may have attended
its administration is, in a great measure, due ta
them and their subordinates.
In conclusion, I may be permitted to express
the hope that the next annual report from this
Department may announce the complete over-
throwofthe rebellion,and the restoration ofpeace
and the establishment of 'the Union on a sufe
foundation in all the bounds of the United'States.
Respectfully submitted.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War,
Report of the Secretary of the Navy,
Navy Department, December 7, 1863.
Sir: The naval operations of the year have
been varied, and more arduous as well as far more
extensive than ever before under the Government.
A blockade commencing at Alexandria, in Vir-
ginia, and terminating at the Rio Grande, has
been effectively maintained. The extent of this
blockade, according to an accurate table of meas-
urement carefully prepared at the Coast Survey
office, covers a distance of 3,549 statute miles,
with 189 harbor or river openings or indentations,
and much of the coast presents a double shore to
be guarded. In addition to tho coast blockade,
a naval force of more than one hundred vessels
has been employed in patrolling the rivers, cut-
ting off rebel supplies, and cooperating with the
armies in the suppression of the rebellion. The
distance thus traversed and patrolled by the gun-
boats on the Mississippi and its tributaries is 3,615
miles, and the sounds, bayous, rivers, and inlets
of the States upon the Atlantic and the Gulf, cov-
ering an extent of about 2,000 miles, have also
been penetrated and watched with unceasing vigil-
ance.
The blockadc is becoming more effective and
complete. Progress has been made in repelling
the rebels from the coast, and circumscribing their
limits. The Mississippi and its tributaries have,
after a protracted, persistent, and severe struggle,
in which the whole energies and efforts of the in-
surgents were engaged to obstruct and prevent
our success, been reopened to navigationandcom-
merce. As the rebels have never possessed an open
port for either belligerent operations or commercial
purposes, nor a naval orcommercial marine, their
maritime trade and proceedings have been chiefly
derived from foreign adventurers and foreign capi-
tal. If, in the early period of the war, the unscru-
pulous and unprincipled traders who, in violation
of law and public morality, embarked in illicit
schemes to violate the blockade, and furnish the
rebels with supplies, were successful, the general
results of the year, now near its close, have been
to them most disastrous. The vigilance of our
naval forces and the stringency of the blockade
have operated with great severity on those who
have risen in arms against their country, and have
caused heavy losses to those who have abetted or
have been in sympathy with the rebellion. I do not
propose, in this report, to enter upon the details of
our naval operations since my lastannualcommu-
nication, butshall append the official reports of the
officers themselves, which best narrate their re-
spective labors and achievements. No nobler
encomium can be awarded them than the plain
statement of their deeds, and no summary can
do justice to their unassuming communications.
