1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641:
it before we go any further. Certain persons in
New York buy and sell gold when they really
have no gold to buy orsell; and they buy and sell
foreign exchange when they have no foreign ex-
change to buy or sell. It is difficult at first sight
to see how that could possibly be conceived to
affect the value either of gold or of foreign ex-
change; but in fact it is only a convenient way
of betting. These pretended sales are nothing
more nor less than a bet that at a given dtfy gold
will be of a particular value, or that foreign ex-
change will be of a particular value. It will be
observed that in these transactions there are al-
ways two parties. There is a party who bets that
gold will be high on a given day, and there is a
party who bets that it will be low on that day.
One, I believe, is designated a " bull," and the
other is designated a " bear," in the slang of the
exchange.
Does any sane man in the world pretend to be-
lieve that the efforts of these people in thus bet-
ting can influence in the slightest the price of gold
in the world's market? I cannot conceive of a
greater absurdity than to suppose they could. I
do not believe they have the slightest influence
upon the price of it in any way, and if I did be-
lieve it 1 would oppose this bill. If this betting
on the price of gold has a tendency on the one
hand to raise it, has it not a corresponding tend-
ency on the other to lower it? If John Smith bets
that it will be two hundred next Monday and
John Jones bets that it will be only one hundied
and fifty, you have two parties, one on your side
if you please, and the other against you. What do
you confess by this bill ? You confess in the first
place that these people are influencing the price
of gold, and in the second placc that your backer
is weaker than the other party, and you want to
throw the Government into the scale in order to
help to force up your credit.
Mr. President, the value of gold depends upon
itself, depends upon the nature of the material,
upon the fact that it is accepted all over the world
as the standard of value. We have heard that
cotton was king:, and we have heard that iron was
king, but after ail, if there be any commodity on
the earth which is entitled to a regal appellation,
which is endowed with sovereignty itself overall
other commodities, it is gold. There is no es-
caping from it, we feel it everywhere. We feel
it in spite of all theseattempts to make something
else a standard.
Then, sir, I am of opinion, with all due defer-
ence to the opinions of other people, thatno com-
bination of men, or of any number of men, can in
the slightest degree influence the pricc of gold one
way or the other. That is a fixed price, and fixed
not by what the speculators or gamblers of New
York may choose to do in the premises, but by
what the world at large does.
How is the price of a commodity afFected by
combination? It is only by some combination
which can obtain a monopoly of the article. Let
us suppose, if you please, that the members of
the Senate upon this side were to undertake to
, raise the price of gold, and they should come to-
gether and agree that they would not sell below
a certain fixed price, would there not be some
man here who would be wise enough at once to
suggest, " This combination amounts to nothing
unless we can get Senators on the other side to
agree to it?" And whenever that proposition is
started it becomes evident that in order to moke
it effective it must extend throughout the whole
world's domain wherever gold is valued, because
if it is not universal those who arc not in the
combination have the advantage, and they im-
mediately come in and undersell the combination,
and it amounts to nothing.
The operation of this bill is not worth any-
thing at any rate, even if buying and selling gold
were an evil and calculated to affect the price of
gold, because it is evident to everybody who has
considered this subject that these men are gam-
bling and betting, not exactly upon the price of
gold, but they are betting upon the price of our
securities; and when they bet that gold will be of
a certain price on a given day they mean to say
that our securities will be of a given price on that
day. It is measured by gold, and the quotations
are made by a reference to the price of gold, but
those quotations only show the relation which our
currcncy bears to a gold value.
If tins was intended as a police regulation to
prevent gambling, not for the benefit of the pub-
lic credit, not for the benefit of the community,
but for the correction of the evil-doer, it would be
worth nothing, because all the gamblers have to
do is to say, " We are forbidden to bet upon the
price of gold, but we are not forbidden to bet upon
the price of greenbacks or -the price of five-twen-
ties or ten-forties, or any other security of the
Government;" and gambling, if it be a mischief,
goes on just in the same way. But you have just,
as in the other case, two parties. You have one
party who is attempting to keep up your public
credit, and you have another party who is betting
to keep it down,and they always neutralize each
other; but by the passage of this bill, throwing
it into the scale, we not only render ourselves ab-
surd and ridiculous, as violating all the lessons
and teachings of past history, but I think we act-
ually throw ourselves into the scale of those who
aie trying to depreciate the public credit by con-;
fessing that it needs the force and power of the
Government in order to keep that credit up.
I will take thisooccasion to say, Mr. President,
what I devoutly believe, and of which I have no
more doubt than that I stand here, that all con-
trivances of this kind, every one of them, arc but
hollow and delusive shams, calculated to amuse
and delay and protract the proper action of this
body to the attainment of a proper remedy. What
man who has read history, even modern history
—and it is not necessary to go back a hundred
years—cannot find plenty of examples of the fal-
lacy of such legislation as this? Even in this
country itcan befound,and what has it amounted
to? It has remained afterwards as a monument
of the folly and the fears of men when they were
in the tide of a revolution which they had not the
manliness to stop by the proper means, i en-
tirely agree with the Secretary of the Treasury
in the last clause of his letter. There is but one
way in order to restore the public credit. Upon
what does that public credit rest ? Why is it that
our security to-day is notas good as gold? The
first difficulty which suggests itself to the mind
of the man who is about to receive this security
is the stability of this Government. He may be
perfectly willing to tell you, " If this Government
standsand maintains its integrity, I will pay gold
for this note; but I fear it; horn all I see about
me I fear it." "What do you value the risk oc-
casioned by your fears?" u To-day," he says,
111 will give but about fifty-six cents for your
dollar." There is another man, however, who
has another fear in addition to that. He says,
" I am afraid that if thisGovernmentdoes stand,
from the temper of its people, from the extent of
the demociatic principle which is infused through
it, the minute distribution of the political power
in the hands of everybody, its people even if it
does stand will not agree to pay;" and therefore
he estimates his risks, and he puts it down to-day
along with the other at fifty-six or fifty-seven
cents on the dollar.
Now, sir, what are we to do in order to satisfy
these men—who if they are wise m nothing else,
if they are careful in nothing else, it they calcu-
late about nothing else, do calculate as to their
pockets—what are we to do to secure them and
to induce them to have a belief in nu't credit, that
is in our stability to exist, and our solvency and
our ability to pay? We may satisfy them that
we can exist by beating our enemy, by put-
ting down the armed rebellion which now afflicts
the country, and by confining ourselves to that
task, devoting ourselves with an eye single to that
work, endeavoring to concentrateall the energies
of the loyal people everywhere upon that work,
avoiding everything which is calculated to dis-
tract and divide iheirattcntion and get them away
from it; and in the next place, as the Secretary of
the Treasury says, pass a revenue bill which at
least will pay half of our current expenses as we
go along, if we do that, if in the first place we
satisfy the money-lender that we are going to put
down the icbellion, and in the second place that
we arc going to pay the expenses, and that we
are going to foot them as we go along, then the
public credit at once will appieciatc, and public
secuiities will use, or, if you choose the other
phrase, gold will apparently go down, but, as 1
say, gold will remain precisely where it was all
the way through. That, in my judgment, is the
true remedy,and I would not lesortat this stage
of our histoiy to such schcmes us have been re-
sorted to heretofore; and I trust the Senate will
pardon me when I read a chapter from French
history, which to my mind very much resembles
the condition we are approaching now, although
we have not yet reached it. I read from Thters*s
History of the French Revolution, volume two,
page 255 and the following pages:
" Government, quite as unfortunate as the people, had
no means of existence but the assignats, which it was
obliged to give in thrice and four times the quantity inpay-
ment_for the same services, and of which it durst not make
any further issues for fear of depreciating them still more*
It became, therefore, a puz&ling question how to enable
either the people or the Government to subsist.
"The general production, however, had not diminished.
Though the night of the.4th ot" August had not yet pro-
duced iu immense effects, Prance was in no want either
of grain or of raw or wrought materials; but the equal
and peaceable distribution of them had become,impossi-
ble, owing to the effect of the paper money. The revolu-
tion which, in abolishing monarchy, nevertheless proposed
to pay its debts; which, in destroying the venality of offices,
nevertheless engaged to make compensation for their value;
which, lastly, in defending the new order of thingsagamst
coalesced Europe, was obliged to bear the expense of a
geneial war, had, to defray it, the national property taken
from the clergy and the emigrants. To put into circula-
tion the value of that property, it had devised assignats
which were the lepresentation of it, and which by means
or purchasers were to return to the exchequer and be
burned. Hut as people felt doubtful of the revolution and
the stability of the sales, they did not purchase those pos-
sessions."
The holders of the assignats were unwilling to
invest them in the property of the clergy and
emigrants, because they feared that if the Revolu-
tion failed and the monarchy was restored, their
title would be bad, they would take nothing.
" The assignats remained In circulation like an unac-
cepted bill of exchange, and became depreciated fiom doubt
and the quantity issued.
u Specie continued to be regarded as the real standard
of value ; and nothing is more hurtful to a doubtful money
than the rivalry of a money of which the value is undis-
puted. The one is hoarded and kept back from circulation,
while the other offers itself in abundance, and is thus dis-
credited. Such was the piedicamcnt in which assignats
stood in regard to specie, The Revolution, doomed to
violent measures, was no longer able to stop. It had put
into /"orccri circulation the anticipated value of the national
domains ; it could not help trying to keep it up by forced
means. On the J 1th of Apiil, in spite of the Girondina
who struggled generously but imprudently against the fa-
tality of that revolutionary situation, the Convention de-
cieed the penalty of six years' imprisonment against any
person who should sell specie ; that is to say, who should
exchange a certain quantity of gold or silver for a more
considerable quantity of as>ignats. It enacted the same
punishment for every one who should stipulate a different
price lor commodities according as> the payment was to be
made m specie or in a^ignats.
''These measures did not prevent the difference from
being rapidly manifested. In June a metal franc was worth
three francs in assignats ; and in August, two months after-
watds, a silver franc was worth six francs in assignats. The
ratio of diminution, which was one to three, had therefore
increased iu the proportion of one to six."
*******
"All this resulted from the assignats, as the assignats bad
resulted from the necessity of paying old debts, making com-
pensation for offices, and defraying the expense? of a ruin-
ous war; in like manner the maximum was destined to re-
sult from the assignats. ft wa«, m fact, to little purpose
that a lorced circulation had been given to this money, if
the tradesman, by raiding his prices, could <*vade the neces-
sity of taking it. Let a foieed rate, then, be fixed for com-
modities as well as lor money. The moment the law said
such a piece of paper «hall be worth 9iY francs, it ought also
to <;ay such a commodity shall be sold for no more than six
francs, othei wise the dealer, by raising the price to twelve,
would escape the exchange.''
Then that was remedied by the fixation of a
maximum price for a commodity.
"Meanwhile the rise in the price of articles of consump-
tion, which had led to the rnaxhnvm, war? general for all
commodities ot the fir^t necc ity. Butcher's meat, vege-
tabi* s, fiuits, groceucs, candles, fu«*l, liquors, articles of
clothing, ami /hoe leather, had all u-en m pace jh piopor-
tion n< asHguats had fallen; and the populace were daily
more and more bent on finding torestaileis, where tiiere
were only dealeis who refused a money that had lost ita
value."
You hear some complaining to-day of forestall-
ed as criminals rather than " dealers who refused
a money that had lost its value."
" It Will bo recollected lhat in February it had plundered
the grocer' shop* at the instigation of Maiat. In July it
had plundered boats i.ulcn with soap coming up the Seine
to Pari*. The indignant commune had parsed th« most
seveic i ('solution*, and Pache had printed this simple and
laconic warning:
•£ * i'rtchc. ma}ur, to his fellow-citizen^ .
"< Pa« i« pontani-? seven hundred thousand inhabitants;
the soii of Paris pioduces nothing (oi their food, their cloth-
ing, their MUu.stonce ; it is therefore nece^s.ny for Paris to
obtain everything from the depaitmeuts and from abroad.
" • When piovi.-ions and merchandise come to Pans, if
the. inhabitants lob the owners of them,supplies will cease
to be sent.
" < Paris will then have no food, no clothing, nothing fox
the subsistence of its numerous inhabitants.
