1864.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
595
The SPEAJvER. That will depend on the con-
sent of the House.
Mr. LOAN. I would be more than pleased,
as 1 said, to postpone this matter, were it possi-
ble in justice to myself to do so. But, sir, this
charge containing; a direct personal assault upon
me is published in the papers without my knowl-
edge and against my consent. I have waited a
sufficient length of time to enable that gentleman
to be present, and it is not my fault that he is not
present here at this time. Why he, is absent I
know not. It is enough for me to know that my
duty to myself and my constituents requires me
to make this explanation at this time.
The attack contained in the paragraph which
has been rend at the Clerk's desk is introduced
with a great deal of ingenuity, not as he alleges,
for the purpose of defending the President from
acovert attack, for none has been made,but it was
for another and a very different purpose. It was
to strike at individual men under the plea of de-
fending the President.
But, sir, I have yet to learn whether a bare
statement of facts can ever be construed into an
assault on any officer of this Government.
The complaint which he makes here, and urges
as reason why it is really an assault upon the
President, is that a memorial was presented in
open session in the Senate. In answer to that I
have to say that it was no fault of mine. I did
not publish it. I said it, as I had the right to say
it, to the proper tribunal, for the information of
that body in an important matter on which they
were called to decide. If they have seen fit to
publish it, the responsibility £>f the publication is
with them,*and not with me.
My colleague alleges that this matter had been
submitted to the President by a body of radicals
which appeared here in September last. Well,
sir, I was one of that body of men, and was pres-
ent when we presented our address to the Presi-
dent; and I heard him say m the presence of that
delegation that he believed the facts stated in that
address were true. We have numerous witnesses
who will bear testimony to that statement. The
President said," I decline to examine witnesses,
because I believe the statements are true." If he
has ever denied those charges since I have no
knowledge of it.
But, sir, 1 differ with the gentleman in believing
that the address presented to his excellency the
President last September and the protest pre-
sented to the Senate are the same in purpose and
substance. Those charges are entirely different,
and bear on different subjects, and if the Piesi-
dent has ever denied them I have no knowledge
of the fact. I should regret to believe that the
President has ever denied them, as they relate to
Genera) Schofield. I speak now of the protest.
Did the President deny the signal failure of Gen-
eral Schofield as a district commander in Mis-
souri? I do not believe that he would deny it.
Does he not know the marchings and counter-
marchings of that army ? Does he not know the
gallant fight made by General Herron at Piairie
Grove? Does he not know that that occurred
when General Schofield was absent in the city of
St. Louis? I think thathe was then providentially
afflicted with sickness so that he could be kept
away from the army. It was to that providential
interference that we owe the great victory at
Prairie Grove.
The President could not deny that he transferred
General Schofield to the army of the Cumber-
land. Will he deny that he has failed to perform
anything which gives the promise of success in
that field of action ? Will he deny that the Sen-
ate has confirmed General Herron and General
Blunt for their gallant conduct in the field when
they refused to confirm General Schofield ? Will
he deny all of these facts ? Will he deny that he
took General Schofield from the army of the de-
partment of Missouri, and that General Curtis
was removed without any reason being assigned ?
If he does, then he will deny his own official acts
thatare well known to the history of the country.
Will he deny the signal failure of General Scho-
field's administration? Will he deny the delega-
tion from the loyal people there? Will ho deny
the presence of the delegation which visited him
in July last? If he does, he is as reckless in his
statements as the gentleman himself. But these
are matters which cannot be deni'ed,and I do not
believe that the President has denied them, the :
declaration of the gentleman to the contrary not-
withstanding. They are not to be denied. These
weie the charges of that protest.
The gentleman was not content with that. He
went further. -He says that the President has
been arraigned on these stale charges. He says
more-that it was done after agreement had been
madWvith General Schofield to be confirmed. I
do not know who made that agreement. That
statement, so far as I am concerned, is unquali-
fiedly false in every particular, without color or
pretense to excuse it. But I do not believe that
the Piesident is so far capable of disregarding the
duties of his office as to bargain official influence
for a consideration. I admit that the gentleman
is more intimate with the President than I am;
that he has had opportunities of knowing him
better, and that he may estimate him more justly.
I am free to say that I have never believed, nor
do I now believe, the President is capable of so
dishonorable a proceeding. I do not believe that
any contract, agreement, or understanding has
ever been made by the President for the confirm-
ation of General Schofield.
He charges us further with acting in this matter
at the dictation of other gentlemen. I can deny
that statement, and do deny it, by saying that
there was no poison concerned except those whose
names are indicated. They believed it to be their
duty to advise the Senate and to furnish the ne-
cessary evidence to protect their constituents.
Mr. BOYD. I ask unanimous consent to make
a statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
president's stable.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, reported a bill making appropriation
for rebuilmg the stable at the President's; which
was read a first and second time.
The Clerk read the following letter:
Office of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
cumtol of the united statfs,
Washington, February 11, 1864.
Dear Sir : The stable attached to the Executive Man-
sion wa*> dotioyed Ijy fin* last ni^hl. It vcm> nece>sary,
foi the convenience of the President, that it should hp re-
built as soon a« po^ible. At an interview with him, early
this moinmg, he exploded a desire that J would bung the
mauci to the attention of Congn:-^ to d.iy, if possible, that
measures might be taken to Iiave it rebuilt.
Isaiah Itogeijs, Esq., the architect of the Treasury, with
the ina&ter hnekldjei, accompanied me to the 1111115, and
after a carot'ul examination Mr.Rogeis came to the con-
clusion that it would eo:>t $12,000\o rebuild it, and has
given me a written estimate to that effect, which accom-
panies til it- letter.
The walls oi the stable are of the best pressed brick, but
aie so cracked and warped that neaily the whole will have
to be taken down. The inside of the stable is entirely burned
out. The window enps and «ilN are of blown <tmie, and
moM. of them so injured that new ones will have tobepto-
cuicd.
The stable co^t originally, I understand, about seventeen
thousand dollars.
liespectiulty, your obedient seivant,
h. B. FRENCH,
ComTnis&ioner of Public Buildings.
Hon. John H. Rice, Chairman Committee on Public Build-
ings and Groundst House Rej/reientalives United States,
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The committee have
considered this matter this morning, and, regard-
ing it as a case of emergency, and by the special
request of the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and of the President, they have seen fit to report
this bill and ask that it be passed thismorning, ko
that the work may be commenced upon the build-
ing immediately. I think there will bono objec-
tion, and I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXE.S ON GOVERNMENT LANDS.
Mr, STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent to
report a joint resolution,and ask that itbe puton
its passage now.
No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced and read a first and second time by its
title.
The bill provides that for the purpose of pay-
ing taxes on lands owned by the United States
the sum of $2&,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, be appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
. Mr. KALBFLELSCH. What lands does the
joint resolution reftlr to?
Mr. STEVENS. I ask leave to state the rea-
sons which make the appropriation necessary..
Mr. BROOKS. I know nothing about this mat-
ter, but I do not object if I can understand it thor-
oughly.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose to call the
previous question. I only wish to state the rea-
sons for bringing in the bill. The Government
of the United States owns a little land liable to
taxes in the States the same as lands of individ-
ual owners. Some tracts have already been sold
for taxes, and now several other tracts are adver-
tised for sale, and will be sold in a few days if
the taxes are not paid. The Department asks for
$20,000 to pay those taxes, if anybody objects
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to object to any-
thing that is necessary; but the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is not prepared to state where these
lands aie, or to give us any information on the
subject. And besides, if the bill is admitted it
must be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; if any gentleman
asks for it. I move that the resolution be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and made the special order for to-mor-
row after the morning hour.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNA!, REVENUE BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 ask leave to report back
from the Committee of Ways and Means the bill
(H. R. No. 122) to increase the internal revenue,
and for other purples.
Mr. STILES. Fobject..
Mr. STEVENS. 1 merely wish to report it
back that some time may be fixed for its consid-
eration .
Mr. STILES. I object.
FACILITIES FOR TRANSPORTING TROOPS.
Mr. CHANLER. in accordance with a re-
quest of the Assembly of the State of New York,
i ask leave to introduce a resolution calling for
information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas the facilities for convenient and expeditions
travel and transportation of troops between the cities of
New York and Washington, especially between New York
find Philadelphia, arc at present notoriously inconvenient
and inadequate: Thoefore,
Resolved, That the Military Committee of this House be
requested touiqiiiie into the expediency of making imme-
diate provision for an increase of the facilities for trans-
porting troops between the cities of New York and Wash-
ington.
Mr. BROOKS. I must object to the reference,
as there is a special committee upon that subject
now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am glad
to see that New York is moving in this matter.
Mr. BROOKS, if the gentleman will refer the
matter to the select committee I will not object.
Mr. CHANLER. i will modify the resolution
by striking out the words " Military Committee"
and inserting " select committee heretofore op-
pointed on that subject."
The resolution, as modified, was tfdopted.
LOUISIANA ELECTION-CASE.
Mr. SMITH. I am directed by the Committee
of Elections to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
O! tiie ilou*e Hie f-uin of $-1,500 ah compensation in full to
A. P. Field, a claimant foi a seat in the Thirty-Eighth Con-
gress Irorn the State of Louisiana.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to express my dissent
from the resolution as reported. It is a report in
a different form of the resolution which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and which
was originally intended to give full payand mile-
age to the gentleman from Louisiana. Itmaybe
that it is rather discourteous to raise an objection
to an allowance of this kind in any case, but I
find that the circumstances in this case compel me
to dissent from the report of the committee, and
I find no reason to justify me in giving my vote
in its favor. If the gentleman from Louisiana is
entitled to anything he is entitled to his full pay
and mileage, and that full pay and mileage, as i
am informed by a member of the Committee on
