u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[DeceralJer 7,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Iteport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Bepsv
The cruising grounds of the several blockading
squadrons remain unchanged since my last report,
NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
Acting Rear Admiral Lee continues in com-
mand of the North Atlantic squadron, faithfully
and ably discharging his duties in a position of
great responsibility, and, in some respects, of
great embarrassment. Seconded and sustained
as he has been by officers of zeal and efficiency,
the rivers of Virginia and the sounds of North
Carolina have been penetrated, watched, and
guarded, as well as the entire coast, so that all
intercourse with the rebels has been cut off with
the single exception of the port of Wilmington,
to close which has been difficult from its two in-
lets, thirty miles apart, flanked by extensive bat-
teries. Some of the fastest steamers from the
Clyde and other quarters, of light draught, have,
under cover of darkness, succeeded in eluding
capture, but most of even that description of ves-
sels have fallen into our hands or been driven on
shore. With these exceptional cases, all foreign
and coastwise commerce with the rebels has
ceased in that quarter. At Washington, New-
bern, and elsewhere on the inner waters of North
Carolina, and also on theNansemond, York,and
other rivers of Vjrginia, our naval officers have
been sleepless sentinels, and they have exhibited
examples of heroic bravery and daring in repel-
ling the rebels and protecting and succoring the
Army when in difficulty, which reflect honor on
themselves and the service.
SOUTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
The South Atlantic squadron has continued to
enforce the blockade with vigilance and effect.
It is not known that any vessels now elude the
vigilance of the fleet or effect communication with
the rebels on that coast. So long as the block-
ading force remained off Charleston, instead of
getting within the bar, the illicit trade at that point
was prosecuted with some succors, and no vigil-
ance or activity could wholly prevent it. With
a view of interdicting all traffic, and, if possible,
of capturing Charleston itself, the original seat of
insurrection and of disunion, preparations were
made by this Department, commencing more than
a year ago, for the occupation of the harbor and
the reduction of the defenses. The completion
of the iron-clad vessels was urged forward with
all the energy the Department could infuse into
the contractors; and such other efficient vessels
as could be made available were ordered to the
squadron to add to its power and efficiency. De-
lays and difficulties intervened, and it was not
until the 7th of April that a demonstration was
made. On the afternoon of that day, Hear Ad-
miral Du Pont, in the Now Ironsides, accompa-
nied by seven turreted vessels of the Monitor
class and the gunboat Keokuk, proceeded up the
harbor and made a vigorous assault upon Fort
Sumter. From some difficulty or defect, the Ad-
miral's ship was unable to get into action, but the
others proceeded onward to the attack, and sus-
tained a teirific concentrated fire from numerous
batteries.
Owing to the submerged obstructions, the char-
acter of which was not understood, it was not
deemed advisable to attempt a passage up to the
city, and, after a contest of less than two hours,
the signal was given to withdraw the fleet. But
comparatively slight injury was sustained by the
turreted vessels, and only one life was lost in this
remarkable contest. No ships ever before sus-
tained such a concentrated fire, and the enduring
qualities of this class of vessels were fully proved.
It was intended to have renewed the attack on
the following day, but this intention was subse-
quently abandoned, and the vessels were with-
drawn from the harbor, under an apprehension
that they could not withstand the storms of the
season and the fire of the rebel batteries. But im-
portant considerations rendered it proper that the
force should remain inside the bar, and orders j
were sent to Rear Admiral DuPont to that effect.
The report of the superintending engineer as to
the injuries which the turreted vessels had sus-
tained was satisfactory, and confirmed the Govern-
ment in its determination to close effectually and
completely the port, so as to prevent the ingress or
egress of a single vessel, and also to promote op-
erations against the defenses in the harbor.
Rear Admiral Du Pont having expressed a
willingness to relinquish the position which he
had occupied for eighteen months, Rear Admiral
Andrew PI. Foote was detailed to relieve him.
That brave anddistinguished officer prepared with
great alacrity and promptitude for the duty; but,
when on his way to his command, was seized
with fatal illness, and died in New York. His
associate and second in command,Rear Admiral
John A. Dahlgren, proceeded immediately to Port
Royal, and, on the 6th day of July, assumed
command of the squadron. A combined opera-
tion of naval and Army forces, the latter under
General Gillmore, was instituted for the occu-
pation and possession of Morris island, on the
south side of the entrance to Charleston harbor.
After a long and severe struggle, the army oper-
ating upon land with the efficient cooperation of
the Monitors and the Ironsides, Morris island,
with all its batteries, was captured. Sumter was
soon made a pile of ruins by the fierce artillery of
our forces, although the rebels contrived to con-
tinue a small but powerless force thereunder the
protection of the surrounding batteries. In the
slow operations of this protracted siege of over
five months, as well as in the demonstration of
the 7th of April, both the resisting and attacking
power of the Monitors has been illustrated and
proven.
Since the fleet under Admiral Dahlgren has re-
mained inside the bar, and we have had posses-
sion of Morris island, the commerce of Charles-
ton has ceased. Not a single blockade-runner
has succeeded in reaching the city for months,
and the traffic which had been to some extent,
and with large profits, previously carried on is
extinguished. As a commercial mart Charleston
has no existence; her wealth with her trade has
departed. In a military or strategic view the
place is of little consequence; and whether the
rebels are able by great sacrifice and exhaustion
to hold out a few weeks more or less is of no im-
portance.
The most marked and extraordinary conflict
within the limits of this squadron, or indeed in
the service during the year, and in some respects
one of the most significant and instructive naval
battles of the war, took place on the 37th of June,
in Wassaw sound, between the Weehawken, a
vessel of the Monitor class, and the formidable
armored steamer Atlanta. Like the contest in
Hampton Roads, in March, 1862, when the Moni-
tor and the Menimack were engaged, this buttle
was between armored vessels and of great dis-
parity in size, but the result was vastly more
speedy and decisive. The Atlanta was a power-
ful steamer, had been iron-plated by the rebels,
and prepared for war purposes at immense ex-
pense. In the confidence of certain victory over
nor comparatively diminutive antagonists, the
Weehawken and the Nahant, she was accompa-
nied by boats loaded with gay parties to witness
her triumph, butthebrave officers and men of our
turreted vessels knew their power and sought the
encounter. This battle was to test not only the
vessels but the new fifteen-inch ordnance, then
for the first time brought into naval warfare, and
concerning which there had been, as well as with
respect to the vessels themselves, some variety of
opinion. The conflict was so brief and decisive
that only one of the two Monitor vessels, though
not widely separated and each eager for the fight,
was able to paiticipate in the engagement. The
Nahant, having no pilot, followed in the wake of
the Weehawken, but before she could get into
action the contest was over. Such was the brevity
of the fight that the Weehawken, in aboutfifteen
minutes, and with only five shots from her heavy
guns, overpowered and captured her formidable
antagonist before the Nahant, which was hasten-
ing to the work, could discharge a single shot at
the Atlanta. This remarkable result was an ad-
ditional testimony in favor of the Monitor class
of vessels for harbor defense and coast service
against any naval vessels that have been or are
likely to be constructed to visit our shores. It
appears also to have extinguished whatever lin-
gering hopes the rebels may have had of with-
standing our naval power by naval means.
EASTERN GULF SQUADRON.
Acting Rear Admiral Bailey has continued in
command of the Eastern Gulf squadron, closely
blockading the Florida peninsula from Cape Ca-
naveral, on the east, to Pensacola, on the west.
There having been no important military move-
ments within these limits, a close watch of the
co&st and of the adjacent waters has been main-
tained by the Navy, resulting in the. capture ot
many prizes, and the almost entire annihilation
of all illicit traffic. Some important boat expedi-
tions for cutting out vessels and destroying rebel
salt-works have been projected and executed with
success. Lying adjacent to Cuba, and not far
distant from Nassau, the coast of Florida pre-
sented many available points for eluding the
blockade chiefly by small vessels, which were ca-
pable of penetrating the shallow harbors and inlets
which indent its shores. But the trade has not
been carried on with impunity; more than one
hundred craft of various descriptions have been
captured or destroyed by this squadron during
the current year.
WESTERN GULF SQUADRON.
The duties of the Western Gulf squadron have
been diversified and exacting. For a considerable
part of the year Rear Admiral Farragut felt him-
self compelled to employ many of his most effi-
cient vessels in active river service, cooperating
with the Army, with" a view to reopening the nav-
igation of the Mississippi, and expelling hostile
forces from its banks. Impressed with the great
importance of this work, and aware of the de-
termination of the Government to promptly and
firmly reestablish the national authority in that
quarter, so that the ocean outlet of the great cen-
tral valley of the Union should be unrestricted
and secure, Rear Admiral Farragut committed
the subject of the coast blockade to others of his
command, and devoted his unremitting personal
attention to the energetic and vigorous prosecu-
tion of the conquest of the rebels, to overcoming
and reducing their batteries, and to removing
every obstacle with which they sought to oppose
the navigation of the river or to resist the author-
ities of the Union. Soon after the capture of New
Orleans, in the spring of 1862, and as the natural
result of that event, the naval forces formed a
junction; and could the Army at that time have
furnished an adequate cooperating land force, the
reduction of Vicksbu'rg might have been accom-
plished, and the occupation and navigation of the
river easily secured. But the omission to do
this gave the rebels opportunity to immensely
strengthen Vicksburg, and also to fortify Port
Hudson and Grand Gulf in addition. What,
therefore, might have been accomplished with
comparatively little effort in the summer of 1862,
was a work of immense and almost incredible
labor and difficulty in 1863. It was indispensa-
ble that communication should be opened with
Rear Admiral Porter, of the Mississippi squad-
ron, and General Grant, both of whom were op-
crating against Vicksbuig. Rear Admiral Faria-
gut, therefore, moved up in strong force from
Baton Rouge in March, intending to pass the bat-
teries at Port Hudson, but only his own flag-ship,
the Hartford, and the Albatross were successful.
With these he succeeded in approaching Vicks-
burg, and in communicating with Rear Admiral
Porter across the peninsula. This gallant act of
Rear Admiral Farragut being effected, the Navy
had command of the river between Vicksburg
and Port Hudson,and was enabled to establish a
blockade of Red river, and thus intercept the sup-
plies from Texas destined for the rebel armies.
The insurgents felt tins to be one of the most se-
rious and fatal blows inflicted on them during the
year, and from the effects of it they have never
recovered. This accomplished, the Admiral left
his flag-ship, the Hartford, and returning below
by way of the Atchafalaya, he resumed opera-
tions for a final assault on Port Hudson. To meet
the requiiementsof the occasion a force was kept
always ready to cooperate with the Army in its
movements; and on the part of the N$Vy a con-
tinuous shelling of the place from mortar boats,
vessels, and a naval battery on shore, manned by
seamen, was maintained, seconding the Army.
Nearly three thousand 13-mch shells were thrown
into the works by the mortar vessels, and the na-
val battery of four 9-inch guns, used as a breach-
ing battery, performed good service. In conse-
