2618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
tred or revenge, in a spirit of unbounded patriot-
ism for the suppression of Jhe rebellion, the pres-
ervation of the Constitution, and the perpetua-
tion of the Union of these States, thai; we may
still" farther progress in solving the great problem
of popular sovereignty. But, sir, the attempt to
press the measure now under consideration in
this important crisis of our national affairs indi-
cates no such disposition on the part of the ru-
ling powers; and we are left to the sad conclusion
that while the President of the United States re-
gards his own reelection as the chief purpose of
the war, his partisans in Congress and through-
out the country have determined to prosecute it
solely for the enfranchisement and elevation of
the negro. In their partisan blindness, seeking
to attain an impossibility, let me counsel them
to be cautious, lest they lose all and make ship-
wreck of the noble institutions erected by our
fathers and dedicated V> the civil ami religious
llbMryKELlSg'g!ofNcw Yovk. Mr. Speaker,
of all the various measures this Congress has in
hand and upon which it must act, the most im-
portant in my judgment are those which most di-
rectly bear upon the terrible issue now on trial
for the ifnity or dismemberment of our country,
and which decides for weal or woe the present and
future well-being of ourselves and our country.
This inclination of my mind does not lead me to
dissent from those who find time to consider and
provide the measures necessary to our restored
condition, for I agree with them that if our cause
be lost it is immaterial what follows, and there-
fore legislate upon the foregone determination that
the Union must be, and shall be, and will be pre-
served. Whether the revolted States are or are not
in the Union is a question which is answered
variously by different minds, and for myself after
thinking and hearing much on the subject I am con-
tent that they are still in the Union in la w, and there-
fore in fact, but that their governments have been
and are subverted and overthrown, and that they
are without a republican form of government riicIi
as the Constitution guaranties to them, and which
it is our duty and privilege under the Constitution
to establish. To crush and conquer this rebellion,
therefore, and bring the inhabitants of the revolted
States under and into obedience to the Constitu-
tion and the laws, is our first great work and
bounden duty; an(1 tlmt donc> nn(l thoroughly
done the way to reconstruction will be clearly
seen 'and acted on. The President in answer to
a clamor, raised by those whoa# vocation it is to
afford aid and comfort, to the enemy, that he was
substituting the military iy place  f, the civil
powor, and'in his zeal to establish civil govern-
ment in those States where it has been subverted,
proposed a plan which, if it had no other merit,
silenced that clamor, but to he reproduced at
the opposite enormity, thereby disclosed to them
the greater danger' of dispensing with military
rule and at the same time denying to traitors the
elective franchise. Whether the President's plan
is entirely wise, or that of others, including that
before this House, is in my judgment about equally
doubtful. Kut "ll! rebellion crushed, that re-
construction follows as a consequence, I have no
doubt. Nor that alone; but slavery, the corner-
stone of the rebellion, is thereby and therewith
destroyed, leaving the way to reconstruction plain
and obvious. The Congress of the United States,
hein"- the ultimate tribunal to decide whether the
fornTof govern merit adopted by a State entitles it to
representation here under the Constitution, should
do its duty promptly in aid of the event.
And here,sir, permit me to call to the stand, in
proof of the fact I have just stated, the. best and
highest evidence possible. In his Democracy a
Hebrew of the Hebrews, a slaveholder, know-
ing whereof be speaks, Andrew Johnson, of
Tennessee—the utterance of whose name excites
almost to reverence for his almost superhuman
efforts and saving power put forth for the salva-
tion of his country in this great crisis of its fate:
" 'Jlie people made the Government,and it mli^t remain
untici tlie contio! ot tlui people. Tile Government being
.... j.i.. .|iwnple, and the institution^ under ihe Govern-
ment ai>v institution antagonistic to the Government must
n/ 'irilv give way tor tlie preservation of the Govern-
!„",utution." mint not r'^e aliove the Government.'
inVt.Viiiion1- toienited (or a time, they are not fixed;
ti,eC ire subicct to change, or they die out. Not so the
..n,,c.,iii'tiolull Government, which is a fixed, a lasting m-
of the people." • * - • "Ail
stitutions must be subordinate to the Government of the
United States. Before the rebellion we could discuss ail
institutions, all subjects, all measures, exeppt slavery.
On that subject no one dared speak, or write, or print, ex-
cepton the side of thedave autocracy. Now, thank God,
the time lias come, when the press is unmuzzled—when
the press can discuss this and all other subjects. The time
has come when this institution is dead—when the chains
are broken and tlie eaptive set free. The institution is
dead." * * * * << Being dead, let us in
a becoming manner prepare for the itinera! obsequies.
Now is tlie time to dispose of thi«? great question. It is a
great question, and one which must be settled upon the
gieat principle of human freedom; not by abolitionists in
the North, nor by secessionists in the South, but by that
great law of self-preservation which governs all men alike.
Slavery is a cancer upon the body-politic, which must be
rooted out before perfecth#alth can be restored. Tlie great
law I refer to is now at work, and negroes and ail things
else which may be in the way to impede its course must
«ct out. Do not go to inventing, but find out the great prin-
ciples of this law, and conform your actions thereto.
" Destroy the rebellion, and let slavery go with it." *
* * * "The Union and the Constitution must be
preserved intact." * * -* * "The edict has
gone forth, and all that romasns to bo done is tochang^ the
relation of master and slave. The day is not far distant
when this nation will be the gieat center of civilization, of
the arts and sciences, and of tiue religion." * * *
" Let us go on with our mighty work. To talk about break-
ing up a Government like this i'or slavery! 'Tis madness.
Let it go on with its great mission."
The border States, all acknowledging the fact,
hail and adopt the great edict of emancipation,
and onlysome halt and higgle for compensation.
.But the great work sweeps on. All rebeldom
admit it, and stand or fall by it and with it. They
have staked all on it and lost. Let them bide the
consequences.
That slavery is dead presupposes and assumes
that freedom triumphs, and is to triumph on its
battle-field. No one, noteven'Governor Seymour,
the mostplausible, powerful, and persistent sym-
pathizer with the allies of their southern brethren
on the other side of this floor, claims as far as I
know that the emancipation pioclamation was or
is unconstitutional as a war measure. Bitter and
unccaaing as their maledictions upon that great
and indispensable military measure have been,
when followed to their conclusion they all tame
down to the assertion that the proclamation is
poweilessand impotent,and that assertion hunted
to its corner disappears ill the pitiful and shame-
ful protest that it is irritating to their stmthern
brethren. So, then, these oath-breakers and vio-
lators of all laws human and divine, striking at
your life and mine, at your liberties ar)d mine,
and intent upon the disruption and ruin of our
common country, must not be irritated even by
any measure or means, essential though they be
to our very existence and self-preservation.
Hut is the proclamation of freedom to the slave
impotent and powerless? Is not a slave who comes
into our lines under it free; is not the dominion
over him of his master then lost? The slave is
a most potent, povuer in the hands of his rebellious
master, and directly used and wielded by him in
ihis winked war to dig their trenches and build
their forts and drag their cannon and carry their
burdens and cut and clear their rflads to the bat-
tie-field; and who but they supply their traitor-
ous masters in the field with the food and suste-
nance of their armies? If their horses be taken
they are the property of their captors, and so of
their guns and munitions, and all their enginery
of war; and why not their slaves? They hold
and chum them as pioperty, and devote them to
the purpose and maintenance of the war, and
when captured and within our military control,
whose slaves are they then ? Are we to hold them
in bondage or trust for traitors? Sojnething of
this has been done by some of our heretofore gen-
erals then and still high in the esteem and favor
of tiaitors and their friends on this floor and else-
where; but, thank God ! that is over. Are they,
then, not free? And beingso,who shall enslave
them again ? Has not the promise gone forth that
they are " henceforth free'" "A promise that
must be kept." Now, all know that this rebel-
lion must be put down by force, by military
power. All other arbitrament is rejected by tire
rebels in arms. They have referred to their gen-
erals in the field thedastardly overtures of peace
to lebels in arms by their sympathizers here.
And when the loyal people of the Union shall by
their armies put down and crush out this rebel-
lion, and " occupy and possess" by military force
and posver every revolted State, and every acre
belonging" to this Union, and our glorious flag
floats proudly over all, will not the proclamation
of emancipation, that great military order, then
be executed in fact, and the promise of freedom
then-be fulfilled, and ail slaves be free? The illus-
trious Senator from a border State has well said
that a slave of a rebel coming within our military
control is free, and no man or men can gainsay
it. That the proclamation alone and unaided, like
an order of a general or an admiral declaring the
property of a town besieged or a ship when cap-
tured a spoil or a trophy, waits fulfillment till the
dependent events transpire, and then is accom-
plished.
The rebellion put down, then, and slavery de-
sttoyed with it, both cause and effect are dis-
posed of, and to attain that end we may wisely
address ourselves to the means to attain it, pausing
as we go to make sure and certain that the cause
of the rebellion being dead and buried may have
no future resurrection. Pass the resolution now
pending submitting an amendment of the Constitu-
tion to the States prohibiting slavery forever here-
after in the United States or its Territories. This
should be done, sir, not by a mere two-thirds vote, '
but by every vote. And yet it will be seen that the
allies of slavery and of traitors to their country
are not all as yet conscripted into the hostile ranks
of treason, and gathered, as they should be, where
their heart is, on the sacred soil, with their erring
brethren. But here while the battle rages some
will be regretting, with the member from New
York, as they have before,their inability to arm
brother traitors by the ship-load,and others, with
the unworthy member from Maryland, will be-
wail, as heretofore they have, even in this Con-
gress of the Union, the murderous cruelty of
their patriotic countrymen, who go forth to bat-
tle and to die, if need be, that their country njay
live, and piously invoke the curse of God on
their country and its cause; others, with assumed
prophetic vision, will clearly see and graphic-
ally depict the greater rum, if we do not abjectly
submit to the spoliation and dismemberment of
our country, and, on the whole, choose the last
alternative; and others, with an eloquence and
zeal worthyof a better cause, clamor unceasingly
that the Constitution should be trammeled with
a prohibition against the possibility of taking
from proscribed, acknowledged traitors in arms,
leadeis and authors of this unnatural and unholy
war upon their country and humanity, their prop-
erty, lest their dear progeny, the spawn of trea-
son, may come to discomfort and want, and be
exempted from all acknowledgment that "the
way of the transgressor is hard;" and herein the
Democracy—God save the mark !—the other side
of this House, mainly all concur. But notone of
their crocodile tears has dropped, or will, for the
wreck of fortunes and the want and destitution
this slaveholders' war entails on the children of
the North. Betterso. They shall henceforth be
the children of their country, nursed, fostered, and
adopted by it, and held too dear to be polluted by
the divided sympathies or concern of those aping
treason.
The time was when Democracy meant some-
thing, and was first in the field when the country
was assailed, and was first and foremost in the
councils of the nation, shouting the war-cry of
freedom, and when those who failed toiespond in
concert, and failed to marshal themselves against
their country's enemies, and held their country
and its cause m the wrong, were branded as trai-
tors, and consigned to everlasting infamy and
contempt. But here and now such men stalk
these Halls, and make open and public ^vowal;
and1? lest freedom of speech should be abridged,
the very inmost counsels and purposes of the
Government are laid open to, nay, shared in, by
tiaitors self-confessed, and underand in the name
of liberty and freedom and the Constitution this
is tolerated and continued here. And how and
by whom ? Let Democratic voices and votes give
answer as they have answered. Sir, the day
cometh and now is, when men shall be driven fiom
their refuges of lies, when traitors and imposters
and .pretenders shall be known and despised of all
true men, as were the Cow-Boysof old. Sir,the
times demand earnest work and plain talk; and
let us have it.
Is it any longer wonderful that all our ways
and purposes'are manifest to our deadly enemies
as soon as conceived, when their friendsand open
