1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let mo say a word. I
desire to know from the Committee of Elections
whether there is any precedent, any case pre-
sented, where compensation has been paid to an
alien enemy? I desire the gentleman, moreover,
to state what is the status of the individual claim-
ant in reference to a seat upon this floor, i refer
him to the common law. I refer to the additional
fact that by the act of Congress a state of war ex-
ists, and that by positive enactment all intercourse
of a civil character between the citizens of the
ioyal States and citizens of rebellious States has
been interdicted. I want to know from that gen-
tleman whether the claimant to a seat in this
ftouse, whom he proposes to compensate by this
resolution, could maintain an action in our courts;
whether he could make a valid contract with any
member of the Committee of Elections; whether
he could make a contract with any other member
of this House; whether for the time being, at all
events while Louisiana is under the armed occu-
pation of a foreign force, any contract can be en-
forced; and whether he has any rights until we
have a public proclamation and declaration that
the rebellion has been suppressed in those dis-
tricts ? I do not say that the gentleman from
Louisiana is not loyal, but I say prima facie, by
presumption of law, in accordance with the com-
mon law of nations, in accordance with the act of
Congress of July, 1862, and in accordance with
the declaration of the Supreme Court of the United
States, he stands in the position of a rebel. The
presumption is against him,and when questioned
upon a point entirely pertinent to this issue he
stood mute. It may be he is loyal; it may be he
is not. In contemplation of law he is not. In
point of fact, one of his colleagues, who claimed
a seat here without right, without law in his favor,
and without a constituency—as this claimant is—
was, by his own admission, a member of the se-
cession convention of Louisiana, and puthis name
to the ordinance.
Mr. BLAIR, of West Virginia. 1 would ask
the gentleman if he thinks all the people of the
seceded States are rebels?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not.
Mr. SMITH. I can answer very definitely,
as I understand it, the question suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. 1 iay down the
proposition that there is in no State that ever has
been a State under the Governmentof the United
States that has by any act of its own, either by
convention or Legislature, or any other body, se-
ceded from the Government of the United States.
I lay down the proposition that whatever has been
done upon the motion of that people, whether by
a minority or by a majority of them, as against
this Government, is null and void; and that those
people who have thus acted in violation of law
and Constitution are enemies of the country, are
rebels to it, and can and ought to be subdued and
brought back under the Government. Ay, so far
as they are concerned who have acted thus, it
is the duty of this Government to act summaiily
with them and punish them for the crimes they
have committed. Yet there is a great saving
clause in the Constitution of the United States,
and it was exerciscd by the President of the Uni-
ted States when he proclaimed thatwlien the Gov-
ernment had exercised its power, and had brought
them under its control, those persons should, by
an oath of allegiance, be admitted back and enti-
tled to the privileges and immunities they were
entitled to before.
Now, sir, when the State of Louisiana sccedul
by the action of a portion of its people, the whole
country said it was wrong, that it was treason,
and against the Constitution of the United States.
The people rose up cn masse and denounced that ac-
tion. Now, sir, when the Government obtained,
through the agencies of its soldiers, the control
of that people, the claimant in this case staid there
and remained loyal. And when it was declared
by the proper authority that those who were loyal
should take an oath of allegiance, among the first
to take that oath was this man Field. Whether
he had ever done any disloyal act there was no
evidence before the Committee of Elections; nor
is there any evidence before this House that he
had ever done any such thing. Upon the arri-
val of Federal troops in New Orleans he came
forward and took the oath, and he has kept it,
and has been tiue to the Union; and, so far as
any mail upon this floor knows, he has been as
true to his allegiance to the Government as any-
body.
Now, sir, these loyal people of Louisiana are
not enemies, they are not belligerents, they are
not out of the Union; but they are in the Union;
they are friends to the Government; and it is the
duty of Congress to protect them. I say if there
is but one loyal man in the State of Louisiana, I
care not how humble he is, 1 care not how poor
he is, I care not how ignorant he is, if he loves
his country and asks its protection it is the duty
of the Government to give him protection if it
requires a^ million men to do it. He is enti-
tled to ail the privileges and all the rights he was
entitled to before. It is a matter of history that
the State of West Virginia, by its Legislature, and
by a convention, seceded from the Government
and repudiated it. Yet I observe upon this floor
three Representatives from the State of West Vir-
ginia, though West Virginia was in the rebellion
by the act of the convention which was called and
which carried that State out of the Union—if it
could be carried out. All the members of its Le-
gislature, or nearly all of them, proved traitors.
In the Senate of the United States are represent-
atives from the State of Virginia. They have a
State organization, a Legislature, a Governor, a
judiciary. They are paying their revenue to the
Government, and are represented i^ the Congress
of the United States.
What is the difference, I ask, between the State
of Louisiana and the Stateof Virginia, except that
on many bloody battle-fields Virginia has evinced
most clearly her hatred to the General Govern-
ment and her determination to overthrow it? A
portion of the people of Louisiana have acted
badly; but those of them who have acted well,
those of them who have stood by the Government
through (ire and through storm, through treason
and rebellion, should share at the hands of tins
peoplea warm and hearty welcome whenever they
manifest a disposition to leturn to loyalty and al-
legiance to the Government, in givinga fair com-
pensation to the man who came here honestly and
faithfully to represent them, you say to them that
while you cannot admit such persons as Repre-
sentatives in Congress you atleast recognize their
right to appeal to Congress and to the Govern-
ment, and that you are ready to give them due
and proper consideration.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to ask the gentleman a
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
any interruption.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his objection.
The objection was not withdrawn.
The question being on the substitute reported
by the Committer of Elections,
Mr. STJ&VEJNS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the afluinative—yeas 88, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Aneona, Anderson,
Arnold, Ashley, AiuiuMus <J. liaiihviit, Ihuter, Jacob li.
Blair, Ble^, !>io\v, Biook*, ttrooniall, .lames S. IJiown,
William G. Hiown, (Jhaiiler, ('lay, CoiTioth, Cole. Co.\,
Craven.*, Thomas T. Davis Dawson. Deniinsr, Hennicon,
Donnelly, I)iig«^. El<in(lirc,Liii.'li-!i, Finck,U.uison,( ndei,
Gr^woid, if,lie, ILtll, Clnulo* ftl. llarus, lierru k, Dolman.
A>alit I \V. Uui.lMid, John II. Iluhb.ud, Jlute^inWil-
liam Johnson, Kalbll"i>eh. Kasson, Kernan, King, Law,
Lazoai, Le Illond, Jjoujj, Mnlloiv, Molliide, Mclndoe,
McKmuev, SanmH F. Miller, William li. Miller, Nelson,
Noble, Norton, John O'NYill. Pe*idloton, IVili.im, IYny,
Sairiui 1 J. Randall, William 11. Randall, John 11. Riee,
ltogeiN James S. Rolhnw, Ross, ScotieUl, >eott, Shan-
non, Smith, tfiinllH rr,. Stile^, Stion-e, Stuaij, Sweat,
Thnj or, Thomas Tracy, Wad'-worih. I-hlm Jl.W.i-hlmrne,
Wobftcj, Whalev, Wheeler, Cluitou A. White, Joseph \V\
Willie, and Wmfiold—
NAY>?—Ateewrs!. Alli-v, Allison. Ainci, Rally, John D.
Baldwin, Btamait, Boutw< li, Hraudeuce, Fieeman Oaike,
Creswell, llrnry Winter J)avi>. lli.vm, Dumont, Eekley,
Eden, Ed:r< it«>n, Eliot, Fain>\vonh, l'Ynton. Frank, Grm-
nell, Hamilton, Benjamin G. Harris. IIiC[hy, lloteh-
ku-s, Ilulburd, Jeucke*, Julian, Kelley, Fiancts \V.
Kellogg, Oilando Kelhuia. Knapp, Loan. Eoiif-u-at, Mc-
Cluig. Mooihcad.Moriill,Daniel Morns, James R. Morris,
Monwm, Amo- Mjer-, Leonard M\en>. Chailes O'Neill,
(Jill),Pike, I'onieiov'jHadiuid.Edvv.nd II. RollinsSchenek,
Sloan, Spalding, Steven-8, Upson, Vein Vaikenbniyh, Wil-
liam R. Wa-shlmin, William*, Wilder, Wilson, \Vmdom,
and Fernando Wood—-GO.
So the substitute was adopted. •
Dining the vote it was announced that Mr.
Dawes was absent on account of sickness.
The question recurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. BEAMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordefed.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Daily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Jacob
B. Blair, Bliss, Blow, Biooks, Broomall, James S. Brown,
WilliamG. Brown,Ohanlei,Clay, Coftroth, Cox,Ojavens,
Dawson, Demiug, Demuson, Driggs, Eldridge, English,
tinek, Gaiison, Grider, Griswold, Hale, Hall, Charles, M.
Harris, Ifeuiek, Uolman, Asahul W. Hubbard, John H.
fluhbaid, Hurcluiis,William Johnson, KalbfTotech,Kernan,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazear,Le Blond, Long, Mullory, Mc-
Kinney, Samuel I-'. Millei, William 11. Miller, James R.
Moms, Moirison. Nelson, Noble, Norton, John O'Neill,
Pendleton, Perham, Perry, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, Wil-
liam II. llandall, ltogers, Jatnes S. llollms, ltoss, Scofield,
Scotl, Smith, Sirntbers, William G. Steele,Stiles, Strouse,
Stuart, .Sweat, Thayer, Thomas,Tiacy, Wadswovth, Elihu
B, Washburne, Webster, Whaley, Chilton A.Whiic,Joseph
W. White, and Winfield—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, JolmD. Baldwin,
Hcainan, Boutwell, Brandogee, Freeman Clarke, Cole,"
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Dixon, Dumont, Eekley,
Eden, Edgerton, Eliot, Fauiswonh, Fen ton, Frank, Gooeb,
Gnnnell, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, iligby, Hooper,
Hotchluss, Ilulburd, Jenekes, Julian, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Loan, Longyear, McClurg.
Moot head, Morrill, Daniel Morris, A^os Myers, Leonard
Myers, Odell, Chariot O'NqiII, Orth, Patterson, Pike,
Pomeioy, ltadfoid, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Schonok, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens, Up^-on,
Van Vnlkcnbuigh, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wil-
der, Wilson, Windoin, and Fernando Wood—63.
So the resolution as amended was adopted.
Mr. SMITPI moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution as amended was adopted;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSCRIPTION.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of theUnion.
Mr. ELIOT. I rise to a point of order. I inr
quire whether the morning hour has commenced?
The SPEAKER.* The morning hour has not
yet commenced.
Mr. ELIOT. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. That can be interrupted by
a motion to suspend the rules. By the 59th tule
a gentleman has the right at any time to move to
suspend the rules for this purpose. The usage lias
been not to make the motion tiUSnftertho morning
hour, but he has a right to make it.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
unsolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fgnton in the
ctfnir, in the absence of Mr. Dawes through sick-
ness,) and proceeded as a special order to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 36, to amend an
act entitled "An act for enrollingand calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3,1863, the pending question being
on the amendment offered by Mr. Davis, ofMary-
land, to the following amendment offered by Mr."
Stevens:
All able-bodied male persons of Afiican descent, between
the ages of twenty and forty-live years, whether citizens
oi not, resident m the United States, shall be oniolled ac-
cording to ilic provisions of the act lo winch thus is a sup-
plement. and fonn part of the national foires. And when
a -lave shall have been dialted and mustered into the ser-
vice ol the United State-* his masterphall have a certificate
ihoieof wlu< h shall entitle him to reecivc §300 from the
('lined State*, and the dialled man shall he free : Provided,
That the slaves of lo>at men only shall be paid for.
Mr. Davis's amendment was to strike out the
words " which shall entitle him,"&c.
Mr. STEVENS. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I now propose to
amend that amendment by adding as follows:
Tin* Sccrrtaiy of War shall appoint a comnn«&ion in
each ofihe slave Slates repiesentcd in Congie^ eiuuued to
awaid a just compensation to each loyal owner of any slave
who may volunteer into the service of the United States,
paj able out of the commutation money.
Mr. Chairman, I submit that amendment for
this reason: not because 1 think it is due at all to
the owner of the slave, but because the President
and the Secretary of War m executing the law of
1862, allowing the President to use and organize
persons of African descent to suppress the rebel-
lion, have seen fit to appointa commission, which
is now m session in Maryland, for the purpose
of estimating the value of and awarding reason-
able compensation to the loyal owners of slaves
who may volunteer m the service of the United
States under the law of 18G2. That brings the
