598.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
volunteering of flaves into some sort of corre-
spondence with the established policy of the Gov-
ernment in paying bounties to volunteers, the
difference being that in the case of the slave the
bounty is paid'to the master instead on his free-
ing the slave, whereas the bounty in the case ot
the white volunteer of course goes to himself.
But the difference between that proposition and
the proposition to pay drafted men is this: the
volunteer having offered his services to the Gov-
ernment, the Government is of course at liberty
to alleviate the burden which may be thrown upon
the slaveowner, as far as it sees fit. It is a very
different thing to impose upon the Government
when it is driven to draft men the necessity of
paying to every slaveowner a compensation for
any slave that may be drafted. It isunequal,and
I am sure every gentleman will see that it is in a
moment. The poor man whose son works for
him on his ten acres receives no compensation for
that son when he is drafted into the service, while
the wealthy slaveholder, who has three or four
hundred slaves alongside, is to receive a compen-
sation of $300for every Qne of his slaves who may
be drafted.
It is apparent that if the Government has the
right to draft slaves into the service, and if the
Government has the right to take the slave, it has
the right to take him exactly as it takes the son,
the father, or the brother of any citizen of the Re-
public, with no more compensation, and no less
compensation for discharging the duty he owes to
the country.
Mr. ANDERSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland is an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr.ANDERSON. Then! desire to say a word
in opposition to the gentleman from Maiylund.
Many gentlemen upon this floor know that the
people of my district are in some inspects situated
unlike the people in any other disti ict of any loyal
Stateof the Union. At the very commencement
of the rebellion a very large number of the people
of that district havingstrongsympathies with the
rebellion induced the able-bodied young men of
the district to take their fortunes with the rebel-
lion. And the g$su!t has been that a large} ma-
jority of the young men there who were fit for
military service have gone into the rebellion, and
as a consequence the district has never been able
to fill its quota of troops in the calls which have
been made upon it by the United .States Govern-
ment; so that now, on the approaching 10th
March, when a druft is ordered, that district will
owe* the Government something near seven thou-
sand men.
It will result, therefore, unless the slaves of
rebels who have cheated the Government out of
the young men it was entitled to, unless they are
taken, every poor Union man who is capable of
bearing arms will be sent off, torn away from his
wife and children, while those who have been
guilty of inducing the young men to go info the
armies of the rebellion will be permitted to stay
at home in peace and quiet with their families and
slaves.
Sir, I am in favor of taking the slaves of rebels
in Kentucky,and of rehelsympathizeis. 1 think
it is just, right, and expedient. 13ut i am opposed
to taking the slaves of Union men of Kentucky.
They have suffered already sufficiently in conse-
quence of this rebellion, and particularly when,
under the circumstances I have stated in my dis-
trict,every Union man there upon the enrollment
list m made responsible for two rebels who have
gone off into the southern army. Tin men in my
district are unable to pay the amount of money
required to be paid for the men who uie diu.ted.
It will take §1,000,000, and it is jmpo:<sible for
the men there to raise that amount of money. I
think, therefore, it is the duty of the Government
to take the slaves of these men who induced and
persuaded our young men to go into the rebel
army. I am willing that they should take all of
the slaves of the rebels that they can reach.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr, Davis, of Maryland, to the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded tellers.
Tellers were not oidered.
Thcamendmentto the amendment was adopted.
Mr. WEBSTER, i move to insert in the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
after the word volunteer" the words " or drafted
into the military service of the United States.
Mr. Chairman, the effcct of this amendment is
to put the drafted slave on the same footing with
the volunteer slave.
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a question of order. I
make the pointthat theamendmentis not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is in order.
Mr. WEBSTER. I repeat that the object of
my amendmentis to put the owners of slaves who
are drafted upqn the same footing with the owners
of slaves who volunteer.
Now, sir, upon the question of the right of the
Government to take slaves when necessary for
the military service,! have no trouble. No gen-
tleman on this floor, however much he may be
opposed to theGovernment exercising this right,
litis undertaken to deny the right.
Mr. SMITHERS.' Will the gentleman tell me
whether thevare taken as persons or property?
Mr. WEBSTER. With a great deal of pleas-
ure. The Government takes them both as per-
sons and property. In my opinion they are rec-
ognized in the Constitution both as persons and
property, and the Government has the right to
take them either as persons or property, or as
both combined. But when the Government takes
the slave for military service it takes away from
the master the service of the slave which is due
to him, which is his property, and the case is then
that of " private propeity taken for public use,"
and justcompcnsation should be made. This my
amendment proposes to give.
Now my colleague from Baltimore, [Mr. Da-
vis,] in the able argument he made yesterday to
the committee against compensation for drafted
slaves, took the position that while the Govern-
ment had the right to the military service of the
slave without compensation, yet when that term
of military service had expired the slave could be
reclaimed by his master and he was still his prop-
erty. I admit, Kir, if no compensation were made,
and consequently no ngieement with the master
lor the manumission of the slave, that the con-
clusion of my colleague is correct. But, sir, for
one 1 am unwilling that any man who has been
lawfully clothed in the uniform of an American
soldier, who has borne arms as an American sol-
dier, who has endured the privations and dan-
gers incident to a soldier's life, who has upheld
the flag and the honor of the country and per-
haps shed his blood in their defense, I am un-
willing that such a man should ever again be re-
tained to slavery. To permit it would bring
shame and disgrace upon us and the Republic.
It is in {>art to prevent this iniquity that I propose
to give compensation to the master and freedom
to the stave.
Sir, the question before us is r\ol right to
take slaves for military service, but the expedi-
ency of so doing. For myself, I am free to con-
fens that in the earlier stages of the war, when it
seemed probable that the rebellion would he crush-
ed at no distant day, and without seiious inter-
ference with the domestic institutions of the States,
believing as 1 did and do in the superiority (if the
winU' man a.s a soldier, I was unwilling to arm the
negro. Hut now, sir, when we approach the end
of the thft-d year of I his war, and it is still huge
m its dimensions; when call for troops follows
call in quielc succession-, when draft after draft i«
made, and the drain upon our people for soldiers
isgiievousto be borne, 1 am for using all the
means known to the law in suppressing the re-
bellion. I would put arms m the hands of all
men capable of beanng them. Theexpeiienceof
the List twelve months has shown that the negro,
though not soeflioient a soldier as the white man,
will light bravely, and can be made a \aluable
auxiliary in the prosecution of the war and the
restoration of the Union. Sir, his aid is not to be
rejected, at least I will not assist in its rejection.
"Now, sir, while I say this 1 also wish to say
that the loyal slaveholder, the man who has stood
by you emd the Government through all the
changes of this svur, who stands by you now,
though he sees and knows that the inevitable result
of the war wif] be to wipe out slavery, is deserving
of the highest and kindest consideration at your
hands. His loyalty has no condition. His de-
votion to his country bears tests, and endures sac-
rifices whish other men are exempt from. He
gays, " If it be nccessary let my property be de-
stroyed, but let my country be preserved." For
such a man, and many such there are in my dis-
trict, I invoke——
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. We do not give the northern
father compensation for his minor son who is
drafted. We do not give the northern wife com-
pensation for the husband whose labor was her
support, if he be drafted. We do not give the
northern orphan child compensation for having
withdrawn the father whose labor was its sup-
port. We do not give compensation to the poor
wife and child of a poor man of Maryland or
Kentucky when the draft designates her husband
or its father. And I cannot see that the relation
of this slaveowner to his slave is one whit more
sacred than that of the father to his son, the wife .
to her husband, or the child to its parent. Slaves
are persons. They are never alluded to in the
Constitution of the United States saveas persons;
and every able-bodied man in the country owes it
military service, be he black or white, bond or free.
I am ready to appropriate money to pay for
the slaves of loyal owners whose masters consent
to their volunteering in the service. I will do it
readily; I will aid it with my vote and voice
whenever I can. But why, when under ourlaw
an able-bodied man is designated by law as one
upon whom military duty is imposed, shall we
hand to another the sum of $300? 1 hope it will
not be done. I am heartily opposed to the propo-
sition.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move to strike
out the last word of the amendment, with a view
to a few remarks. This is a proposition, as 1 un-
derstand, made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens.] He is an avowed aboli-
tionist, and frankly says so; but with his abolition
comes also a sense of justice. He is for com-
pensating or establishing the position that we are
entitled to compensation when our slaves are
taken. After that wc may consider that he is dis-
posed to do justice to the slaveholder whenever
his propeity is taken. To my astonishment, how-
ever, I find gentlemen representing upon this floor
slaveholders in Maryland and other slave States
who are for depreciating the rights of the slave-
holder and the property of the slaveholder, and
for turning out those of that class whom they rep-
resent to starve upon the moorsand hills of their
country. Sir, I contend that this is an injustice
unwoi thy of pat riots, unworthy of statesmen, and
unworthy of any deliberative body. And I will
say i look more for justice to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] than I do to the two
gentlemen who spoke yesterday, and who repre-
sent the upper portion of Maryland, [Mr. Davis
and Mr. Creswell.] I deny that you have a
right to enlist or enroll a slave.
Mr. DRiUGS. 1 call the gentleman to order.
That question basalre^dy been decided by a vote.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I contend that!
am fully m order. I say I believe it will be de-
'c.di.-d by the hi^[ test legal tribunal m the land that
you have not a right to enlist or enroll a slave as
asoklier. if the Govei niii'iu chooses to take him
at all the only relation in which it may take him
is as pioperty; and as property you are bound to
pay the compensation which the Constitution says
you shall pay for taking private property.
If you could properly enlist slaves, i am op-
posed to the degradation which such an act would
bring upon a nation situated as this is. What
are you fighting? Five million white men. You
claim to be twenty million white men, and yet
with such odds in your favor,and with means of
blockading southern ports and almost starving
them into subjection, you come here and com-
mand that the flag of your country shall be in-
trusted to the poor slaves. 1 say it is a degrada-
tion of the United States flag, and no man who
duly honors that flag has heretofore ever under-
taken at such odds to deprave the country and
tarnish its honor by any such proceeding.
Mr.KASSON. The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Harris] appliesa portion of his remarks to
his own colleagues from that State, touching their
representation, or rather misrepresentation, of the
interests of their constituents. To that they are
abundantly able to answer, and I do not wish
to reply. To that other part of his remarks,
which charges a portion of this House with a dis-
