1044
TBI CONG-KISSIONAL CrLOKS.
April 15j
York, and you want gold,and you are here, why
should you be compelled to go to his place of
business to get it? I understand the object, and
that is to break up the street knots, the collection
of men who get together; but the other provis-
ions of the bill will answer that to a very great
extent, because' you must have the gold to de-
liver if these amendments are made, ami 1 think
we had better not go too far to make the bill odious
and unnecessarily burdensome to accomplish at
last a problematical good.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I have ex-
amined this bill with some care, and while I do
not think it will amount to much in the way of
affecting the price of gold, I think that aii there
is in it is good. If it has any effect at all it will
be a good effect. It seems to have two objects:
one to prevent gambling in gold, the other to
render the gambler so far as may be infamous;
and i think both of those objects are good ones.
It is well known that the great majority of our
cities are under disloyal influences. Take the
city of New York, where most of this gambling
is done, and 1 have no doubt that to-day Jeff.
Davis would get a larger vote there than any man
who is infavorof the Government would receive.
These gold gamblers as a class are disloyal men, in
sympathy with the South, and I think it well, so
far as we can, to regulate their transactions and
make them as nearly fair as it is possible to make
them.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan]
greatly erred in,the remark .he made a short time
ago that the rise in gold was owing to the depreci-
atiomof our securities. Why, sir, does not that
Senator know that a year ago last February
gold was at 172| and that in July it fell to 123g,
and although gold fell from 1721 to our se-
curities were not depiecinted even one per cent.?
Sir, the loyal people of this nation have confi-
dence in our securities. They believe that every
dollar issued by this Government is worth a dollar.
They know that every dollar of gieenbacks and
every bond issued is a first mortgage upon every
foot of real estate in the United States,if we con-
quer the rebels as we expect to do. They know
this, and they appreciate the dollar in greenbacks
as worth a dollar. It is worth a dollar; and if
you were to-morrow to drive gold duwn to par
you would not affect the price of your securities
one per cent.
Congress, in its wisdom or in its folly—I think
in us wisdom—saw fit to legalize the issue ot
greenbacks. They arc now legal tenders, and
gold is a speculative commodity. There is, as
has been well said, a legitimate demand for gold.
Our people are becoming extravagant; we are im-
porting more than we arc exporting; and to that
extent Lhe demand for gold is legitimate to pay
our balances; but at the same time in aid of this
there is what is known in the city of New York
as the "gold ring," chiefly and I believe all in
sympathy with the rebellion, a set of men who
are all the while speculating in gold. 1 think this
bill will have some effect upon that class of indi-
viduals, although none upon the legitimate traffic
in gold.
The Senator from Pennsylvania was particu-
larly unfortunate in reading French history to
us hcie in this Capitol, and drawing a parallel be-
tween the French \inder their Revolution and this
groat Government to-day. Why, sir, at that time
Paris was under the control of a howling mob,
reeking with blood. A revolutionary tribunal
ruled France. Does the Senator pretend to com-
pare that revolutionary tribunal with this great
Government? Does he intend to compare that rev-
olutionary tribunal with the Senate and the House
of Ilepiesentativcsr Does he mean to compare
it with a Government that has been established
for eighty years? If the Senator had brought
that up to illustrate the present position of the
South his argument would have been fair, because
there is almost a complete parallel between the
two revolutionary tribunals. Their issues in the
South have fallen about as low as the assignats
ever fell during the French Revolution, and they
had about the same kind of despotism m France
that exists in the South to-day.
But, air, here we are with a Government which
has stood for eighty years, with eight hundred
thousand men to-day m the field ready to strike;
and let me tell you that the price of gold is on the
point of Grant's bayonets. Had we captured
Lee's artillery after the battle of Gettysburg you
would have seen gold go down to ten percent, in
forty-eight hours; and when Grant strikes the
first crushing blow at Lee, as he certainly will,
and that within sixty days from to-day, you will
see such a tumble in gold as the world never wit-
nessed before. As I said before, the people of the
United States believe in our securities; the world
does*not. Convince the world that this great Gov-
ernment will stand, and you will see gold rolling
across the Atlantic in millions and tensof millions
and hundreds of millions for the purchase of these
securities, the best interest-paying securities in
the world, and you will see gold go down to noth-
ing in a very short period. I believe that this re-
bellion is on its last legs. I believe that on the
first movement of our armies the confidence of
the world will become established in this Govern-
ment. I believe that we were never before in so
•good a condition as we are to-day. These gold
speculators will be the parties who will suffer be-
tween now and lhe 4th of July next more bitterly
than any other set of speculators ever did before. ;
1 do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate.
I think the bill a good one, and shall vote for it
just as it is. So far as the argument of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire is concerned, it
amounts to just nothing at all. It is perfectly
well known that you can get greenbacks every-
where throughout the United States. With
$400,000,000 of greenbacks scattered throughout
the United States it is not worth while to say
that you cannot, on a good draft, obtain green-
backs anywhere without any difficulty or any
expense. The argument amounts to just noth-
ing at all 1 hope the bill will pass just as it is.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, when what
was called the gold bill was before the Senate on
a former occasion, I stated, what I felt very sin-
cerely, thafrit would not answer thepurpose which
it was supposed it might accomplish; but I voted
for the mrasuie, yielding the opinion which I had
as to the effect of it to what I supposed to be the
better judgment of the friends of the measure in
this body, and particularly of the Secretary of
the Treasury, who, I understood, was anxious
that the bill should pass, f am now desirous in
the vote which I am called upon to give on this
bill, and shall continue desirous throughout the
session, to give my sanction to any measure
which the Secretary of the Treasury may sup-
pose will operate beneficially for lhe>countiy, un-
less my reasons for differing from him are so con-
clusive that 1 am unwilling to surrender them.
That is the case now.
In the first place, I doubt, I more than doubt—
I have an opinion as fixed as any opinion formed
comparatively upon the spur of the occasion can
be—that we have no power to pass this bill.
There arc but three grants of power in the Con-
stitution under which, as I think, the authority
of the Government to adopt a measure of this
sort can be placed. One is the power to fix and
regulate the value of the coins of the United States;
another is to borrow money on the credit of the
United States; and the other is to regulate com-
merce.
Now, with all the real anxiety I have to give
the Secretary of the Treasury th^bcnefit of this
measure, 1 am unable to see by what reasoning
the power which this bill exerts can be'brought
within either of the three-grants of power to which
I have adverted. Can it be referred to the grant
to fix and legulate the value of the coins of the
United States? That can only be done by a law
which shall say how much the coin is worth,
what shall be the coin, and what shall belts value.
That is done by your existing legislation; and
what is now the condition of the currency, or of
the coin, rather, is not that coin has depreciated; it
is worth now just as much as it was when its
value was originally fixed, just as much as it was
before the war commenced. A dollar in gold or
a dollar in silver is still a dollar in gold and in
silver of the same value that it has been at any
time.
But it so happens that instead of relying, for
the purpose of this war, in order to carry on this
war, upon what has been called the legal consti-
tutional currency of the United States, coin, we
have—and I am not finding fault with it, be-
cause perhaps it was absolutely necessary—is-
sued a paper currency, and the depreciation under
which we are now suffering is not a depreciation
in the value of the coin, but in the value of this
currency, nothing else. Now,is it possible that
in order to keep up the value of this paper cur-
rency we are authorized to legislate under the au-
thority to fix and regulate the value of coin ? How
does it fix and.regulate the value of coin? The
complaint is that a dollar of coin now will buy
two dollars of our paper; or, to state it otherwise,
that a dollar in coin now is, in point of value, in"
the public estimation, equal to two dollars in our
currency. This bill,if we pass it, can have the
effect, if it has any effect, only of increasing the
value of the paper currency, and not in increasing
or in maintaining the value of the coin currency.
That remains and will remain just as it is. The
provision of the bill is, not that there shall be no
trade in coin, for that is admitted. The bill as-
sumes that the necessity of the country demands
that coin shall be bought and sold, but it prohibits
the selling or the buying of it upon what is termed
time, and prohibits the selling and the buying of
it at all unless such sales shall be made at certain
, designated places; that is to say, where the buy-
ers and the sellers respectively may, at the time
of such buying and selling, have their places of
business.
Mr. President, I have always supposed—and I
am giving now the 'opinion which I have ever en-
tertained, and which, as I believe, will be found
maintained by every decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, and by all the writers
of approved authority on the Constitution of the
United States—that if anything is perfectly plain
as a constitutional proposition it is that over the
subject of contracts the United States have no
jurisdiction; that they are exclusively with the
States; and that over all subjects of police regu-
lation the United States have no jurisdiction; but
that they, like the other, are altogether within the
power of the State. Under what authority, there-
fore, can you prohibit the buying and selling of
gold, which the Secretary of the Treasury in his
letter, and in one sense correctly, styles gambling?
Have you any jurisdiction over any question of
police? Have you any jurisdiction over the mor-
als of the citizens of the several States? Have
you any authority to prohibit gambling in the
States? i submit, clearly not.
in a case which originated in this District, and
which was carried up to the Supreme Court of
the United States, the name of which I forget,
involving the validity as between the commission-
ers of a lottery and the holder of a prize ticket,
it was very much doubted whether Congress had
any power at all to authorize a lottery even within
this District, over which their jurisdiction is ap-.
pat ently as extensive as words can make it. But
in the opinion pronounced by the court, as given
by Chief Justice Marshall, it was admitted that
that was a power which could not be exercised
outside of the District, or outside of some other
district over which the jurisdiction of the United
States was equally supreme. If, therefore, you
cannot authorize lotteries in the States^ can you
prevent lotteries ? And if you cannot authorize
lotteries, or if you cannot prevent lottenes,can
you by legislation, under some supposed power
to prohibit gambling, or to throw difficulties in
the way of gambling, prohibit the dealing in lot-
tery tickets? 1 suppose that is a pi oposition that
hardly anybody will maintain; and yet"\vhat is
this? The Secretary tells us in his letter that the
price of gold is now what it is from one of two
or fiom two causes together, both operating more
or less. The first is because of the local issue of
the State banks; and the second is because of the
gambling speculation which is now going on.
His language is—itis in the first paragraph of his
letter—
''The price of gold continues to advance. This effect
can only boattubuted to one of two causes, and is proba-
bly duo in part to each: fii\-t, to the increase of notes of
local bunks ; ;md secondly, to the efforts of speculators."
Now, in the first place, what is it that thespec-
ulaloisare said to be doing ? Gambling, says my
friend from Ohio; gambling, virtually says the
Secretary;gambling, says the press. Well, sup-
pose they are gambling, and suppose that gam-
bling is causing the state of things which exists,
what authority have you to interfere with it? If
you have it, it is only because it affects the value
of your own paper currency. If you can inter-
fere with this species of gambling on the ground
that it operates prejudicially to your paper cur-
