1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ISCK
38th Cong....1st Sbss.
Iteport of the Secretary of the Navy.
SMtftfir' • Hd!'w
broken or smashed by shot; the corrosion inside
from bilge-water; the difficulty in making tempo-
rary repairs of shot holes; and the limited num-
ber of artisans yet to be procured having skill it?
this description of employment. It should also
be borne in mind that, while we have several navy-
yards for building wooden vessels, the Govern-
ment possesses not a single yard and establish-
ment for constructing those of iron, nor even for
making plates and shafting.
While the principal attention of the Department
has,.in this crisis of our affairs, been necessarily
given to present and more pressing necessities, it
has, nevertheless, kept in view the important end
of establishing our naval power on a permanent
basis. Proposals were issued for an iron-clad
ship of the largest class, (under the authority con-
tained in the appropriation bills,) but the cost, as
shown by the propositions received for a ship of
the necessary magnitude, was so great that it was
deemed advisable to enter into no contract involv-
ingsolargeanexpenditure,except by the express
sanction of Congress.
in order, however, that justice should, in some
degree, be done to the naval branch of the public
service, and that it might be able to sustain its
rightful position upon the ocean in the event of a
foieign war, the parties competing for the large
steamers were in vited to make proposals for one of
about half the proposed tonnage. One offer made
under this invitation, at the most reasonable rate
that could be obtained,and which it was deemed
the interest of the Government not to exceed, was,
with some modifications, accepted.
There are no parties in this country fully pre-
pared to build iron vessels of the magnitude and
description proposed, and the present high prices
of material and labor unavoidably enhance the
cost. The Government itself is unprepared to
execute any such work, having no suitable yard
and establishment, and is consequently wholly in
the hands of private parties, to demand what
they think proper, and prescribe their own terms.
On former and repeated occasions, and elsewhere
in this report, the Department has fully expressed
its opinion of this policy and the necessity why
the Government should be prepared to build iron
vessels, and the necessary machinery, of the
largest class.
Besides the turreted vessels for coast defense
and large armored ships for naval conflict, we
need and should have steamers of high speed
constructed of wood, with which to sweep the
ocean, and chase and hunt down the vessels of
an enemy. Fortunately, we are able to supply
ourselves with vessels of this description, and a
competent and healthful competition exists for
their construction. A large portion of the estab-
lishments adapted to the construction of nautical
engines have been enlisted by the Department in
the manufacture of steam machinery for vessels
building at the navy-yards and at private festab-
hshments.
NAVY-YARD AND ESTABLISHMENT FOR IRON VESSELS
AND MACHINERY.
In consequence of the'omission of Congress to
take attraction on the subject of enlarging the
present circumscribed navy-yard at Philadelphia,
or to signify its acceptance or rejection of League
Island, tendered to the Government for naval pur-
poses by the city of Philadelphia, or in conform-
ity with my suggestions to initiate means for es-
tablishing a suitable yard, workshops, and docks
for an iron navy and the machinery and armature
which modern improvements renderneccssary, no
progress has been possible during the year on that
important subject. The Government is destitute
of a suitable establishment for the construction
or repair of iron vessels, their machinery orarma-
luie, nor has it any place for preserving them
when laid up in ordinary. Some properand suita-
ble accommodations for vessels of this description
are necessary where there is fresh water, and, as
stated in my communications to the last Congress,
it has appeared to me that no place combines so
many advantages as are to be found on the Dela-
ware, in the vicinity of Philadelphia. A com-
mission of naval and scientific gentlemen was
appointed under the authority of Congress to
examine League Island, and also to "make a
survey and examination of the harbors of New
NEW Series—-NO. 2.
London, Connecticut,and its surroundings, with
reference to its capacity and fitness for a naval
depot and navy-yard, and whether the public
interest will not be promoted by establishing it
naval depot and navy-yard in or near said harbor
of New London instead of League Island, and
that they also malte the same investigation in re-
gard to the waters of Narragansett Bay." Tile*
majority of this board recommended the estab-
lishment of an additional navy-yard at New Lon-
don. On that subject it is unnecessary that the
Department should express an opinion. It is a
question for Congress, which instituted the in-
quiry, to decide whether an additional navy-yard
on the .old plan is wanted at New London, and
should it be in the affirmative,it will be the duty
of this Department to carry that decision when
made into effect.
But aside from and independent of the question
of an additional navy-yard, is that of more ex-
tended accommodations and more ample facilities
on the Delaware than we now have in the narrow
and wholly insufficient limits of the navy-yard at
Philadelphia. Those limits, as stated by the"
chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks in his
able and practical report, can be enlarged to about
double the present area by purchase at an ex-
pense of about §300,000; but with that addition
the yard would still be wholly' inadequate to the
public necessities, and too small for such an ex-
tensive establishmentas the wants of the Govern-
ment require. It would undoubtedly be the part
of wisdom and true economy to procure ground
with ample water frontfur such an establishment
as the increasing public wants demand, in the
vicinity of Philadelphia, and so soon as it can be
made available, to dispose of the present grounds
and apply the proceeds towards improving the
new location.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks,
whose experience and judgment entitle nit opin-
ions to consideration, suggests another locality
than League Island, at Marcus Hook, a few miles
below Philadelphia, on the right bank of the
Delaware, which he supposes may, perhaps, be
procured ata reasonable rate. From the examin-
ation which I have been enabled to give this sub-
ject, I am not prepared to say that the advantages
are, to my mind, such as to counterbalance those
attainable at League Island, which has been tend-
ered to the Government for its acceptance, nor is
there assurance that land near Marcus Hoolc can
be procured at any price. Either place, however,
might, I apprehend, be satisfactory, and, as I
have already stated to Congress, there is no doubt
that for the purposes of a navy-yard, and estab-
lishment for an iron navy and its wants, the banks
of the Delaware present advantages that are not
to be found elsewhere in the United States.
Prompt and judicious action by the legislative
branch of the Government upon this subject is,
in my judgment, urgently needed, and will, when
it shall have been had, be carried into effect by
this Department with all possible activity.
NAVAL DEPOT ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
I deem it proper to again allude to the expe-
diency of establishing at no distant day a naval
depot, yard, and foundery at some accessible and
suitable point on one of the rivers in the valley of
the Mississippi. The selection of an appropriate
location for this purpose, where vessels can be
constructed and repaired, is a question of national
importance. The United States have at this time
one hundred naval vessels on the Mississippi and
its tributaries. Iron and coal, as well as wood,
with all the materials for ships-of-war,are abund-
ant, and may be found contiguous to eligible situ-
ations. -
Steamers of iron will endure for years in fresh
water, and the naval vessels'which the Govern-
ment may place on those rivers will be preserved.
Should the projected water communication con-
necting the northern lakes with the great interior
rivers by an enlarged ship canal be carried into
effect, the Mississippi squadron could be made
available for the defense of our northern frontier
when circumstances required it.
EDUCATION OF ENGINEERS, ETC.
To attain and maintain our true position as a
naval Power, the best talent in the country must
be found among the? officers |b'c<§tij3|ict
tHe varied operations of the
provision to secure such ability inB ficcaSntpffsli;
ment should command the attention of'tfiostrtffa'o.
have charge of onrfadval affa'i rs.- Our Nifvalfjchool
is producing officers of "skill, wejjee^ju'ciftftit' Mr
their profession; jjet if our ships and sLettm rfitt-
ehinery are not at the highest attainable* eff
perfection, and the engineers "ate oot'skfltMl.lh'e"
education and accomplishment of our officers will
be unavailing to give us the iaval Superiority We
should obtain. ~ 1 "
By the introduction of stetirri into naval opera-
tions a new corps is ingrafted into the havatser*
vice of men combining science witli mecluuiicaf
skill and genius, whose professions! aSttainmehts
and practical power demand the fosteringcare of
the Government. Our naval engineers,* like th^'se
of the Army, should be thoroughly eihiwited!to
their profession, for on them the motive power" cd
our vessels and the efficiency of our steam ma-
chinery must hereafter depend. Steam engineer-
ing should indeed be one of the importantstudiea
of all naval officers, and should be taijght at the
Naval Academy. It would be welt to encourage
such young men as exhibit-aptness for jnjechan-
ical studies to cultivate their pecufiiir talents,
whether as naval constructors or engineers', in
that department in which they can render the
highest public service: Other Governments pur-
sue this course, and we shall find our advantage
in giving similar encouragement to the young men
of our own country. .
It is a question, indeed, as sails are subordinate
to steam, whether every officer of the line ought
not to be educated to and capable of performing
the duties which devolve upon engineers. The"
means of acquiring practical as well as theoreti-
cal knowledge of the subject should be furnished
by the' Government, and it would be well if every
midshipman were to receive instruction in this
nchv important branch of his profession. Jf the,
public is not yet prepared to'combine" what at
present are two distinct pursuits, and makeeveVy
naval officer an engineer as well as a' sailor, I
would recommend the formation of aclasoatthe
Naval Academy of youths, giving a preference
to those who may have already evinced mechan-
ical skill and aptitude for engineering, who might
be educated with special reference to their pro-
fession as engineers. After two years'study they
could be received into the corps by conferring on
them the appointment of third assistant engineers
and assigning them to duty. The naval service
and the country have suffered injury that can*
scarcely be estimated from the wantof thorough,
capable, and well-educated engineers. Many of
our most efficient vessels have been disabled and'
crippled in the midst of their cruise, and some;
times even at the very commencement of tlieirser-"
vice, in consequence of the incapacity of the en-
gineers, whereby the country has been deprived
not only of the use of the vessel for weeksand some-
times for months, but the officers and cfew have
been constrained to inactivity, instead of feeing
employed against the enemy. Some measures
are necessary to correct and prevent these disas-
ters, so injurious to the country, and I know of
none so thorough and complete asthatof publicly
educating and training engineers to the .service.
The rhost important branch of study at the Naval
Academy is, very appropriately, seamanship. A
general knowledge of the application and use of
steam and of practical mechanics should follow
as almost equally essential. Line officers of the
Navy, of whatever rank, should, moreover, have
the privilege of attending lectures and pursuing
the study of steam, mechanics, and, indeed, every
branch that may be taughtat the Naval Academy,
and it is recommended that arrangements be made'
for carrying into effect these suggestions,
Having recommended the enlistment and train-
ing of boys for the Navy, I deem it scarcely less
important to suggest the policy of giving employ-
ment to our seamen in time of peace. Our com-
mercial marine and fisheries have been and are
valuable nurseries for sailors, on which the Gov-
ernment must rely in time of war for such ad-
ditions as may be necessary to its force of thor-
ough-bred naval seamen. But to build up and
sustain a navy that shall be capable of asserting
and maintaining the rights and honor of the
