1864,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5 m
position to do injustice to gyiy portion of the peo-
ple of this country by this provision of the bill,
1 wish to reply. Also to that other charge he
makes, that we are doing injustice to the honor
of the country in intrusting its flag to a portion
of the black people of the country, I wish to reply.
I call his attention, sir, to the fact that by the men
of the Revolution, among the most prominent of
whom were members from the slave States, that
flag was intrusted in tlus identical manner to the
safe-keeping and hortorable conduct of the black
men of the country.' The pension roils at this
day show the names of black men by the side of
white men who fought to establish the independ-
ence of the country. More than that, sir, the
statute-book of the State of Virginia bears, up
to this time, the laws by which black slaves who
had fought in the battles of the Revolution were
emancipated in recognition of theirhonorable con-
duct. So, too, the State of Rhode Island, which
was then a slave State, expressly authorized the
enrollment of black slaves in the armies of the
country. This is not a new thing that we are
doing. It is a thing called for by the necessities
of the country at this time, and which a Repre-
sentative from a slave State ought to be the last
to object to.
I wish to say, further, sir, that under the Con-
stitution of the United States we know no such
thing as a slave per se, as property m the same
sense as we know of property in cattle. They
are known as persons, and are spoken of and de-
scribed as persons, and as nothing else. When
slaveholders make a claim for compensation for
slaves enlisted or drafted, that compensation
should be adjudged, if at all, on the basis of two
fifths of their value, at the utmost, inasmuch as
they represent but two fifths as property and
three fifths as man. That being the fact, I say
we ought not to regard this as we regard other
property when it is taken for the use of the Gov-
ernment. There is some property known as such
by all the nations of the earth. By the common
sentiment of mankind certain things are lecog-
nized as property. Certain other things are
recognized as .property by exceptional statutes,
and of that class exclusively is the property in
slaves.
Under these circumstances, while I will vote for
giving to loyal owners some compensation for
those of their slaves who will volunteer, as an in-
ducement to masters to encourage their slaves to
volunteer—giving them deeds of manumission at
the time—I cannot vote for a compensation in
case of slaves that may be drafted, because that
would leave masters fiec to obstruct the volun-
teering of their slaves, knowing that they would
get the same compensation whether th<>y volun-
teered or were drafted. Therefore, while I will
vote to give compensation in the case of slaves
volunteering, I am opposed to giving compensa-
tion in the case of slaves drafted.
In this connection I again appeal to history as
sustaining the proposed action of the House in
employing all classes of people, irrespective of
color, in defense of the honor and dignity of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on Mr. II arris's amendment
to the amendment,
Mr. HARRIS withdrew it.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the amendment by striking out the words
'' owner of any slave" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words, ''"the person to whom the colored vol-
unteer may owe service.55 I am opposed to the
provision for compensation, m the amendment
offered by the ^entlemon from Mai ylaud, on this
ground, that I do not think the interest touched
by the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania should have a superior privilege over
others. I know that we have been accustomed to
see conceded to itasortof supremacy over other
interests. I deny its right to such supremacy.
But, passing that by, if we are to adopt the amend- '
rnent of the gentleman from Maryland, 1 wis-h to
have it m language conforming as nearly as pos-
sible with the Federal Constitution.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Chairman, I lise to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts; not that I understand the amendment
very well, nor that I believe it effects much in this
matter, but in order that I may say a word on the
subject now before the committee. I appeal to
the reason of the gentleman on that side of the
House, unless reason has ficd,to know why they
manifest such a solicitude in this matter. In the
States of Missouri, Maryland, Kentucky, and
Delaware, the States in which slaves are now held
in that portion of the United States subject to the
authority of the Federal Government, the quotas
to be furnished by them are fixed by the bill- now
under consideration. What does it matter to gen-
tlemen on the other side whatsort of soldiers those
States furnish provided they furnish the num-
ber ask^d for? Says a gentleman to mo, "Our
people cannot consent that the white men shall
fight these battles and shed their blood for the
country and the flog while there are thousands of
black men who can go into the Army and do this
thing also."
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the
gentleman from Iowa, and the gentlemen on that
side of the House what they have got to do with
the matter? If we allow you to put your fiee
negroes into the Army—and I have no objection
to your putting them upon your enrollment list
—what right have you to insist that our slaves in
Kentucky shall be placed upon our enrollment
list? You demand from Kentucky acertrun num-
ber of men for the Army upon this call. We who
live m Kentucky say that we have the right-to
decide who those men shall be. If you are m
earnest, if you really desire to raise men to fill
our armies, that is the course by which you will
accomplish that object. But if you are not m
earnest; if you have another andadiflerentobject
to accomplish, covertly, by the opeiation of the
bill; if you wish to demoralize and destroy the
institution of slavery in my State, then the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] is a wise one for the accomplishment
of that purpose. Sir, I know the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I know him to be a bold man, I
know him to be a frank and candid man, and I
know this to be his aigument; 1 know that if his
simple, sole object by this bill was to raise an army
he would admit that the course I have marked is
the proper one to accomplish that object.
Sir, i again invoke this House, I invoke their
sense of justice, if they have any remaining, if
they have not determined upon a reckless cru-
sade upon an institution, which I believe will work
the destruction of my count! y if that crusade is
persisted in, I appeal to them not to pass the
amendment of the gentleman ftom Pennsylvania.
I ask it not as a boon. I would scorn to ask a boon
from any party in this House, or from the Govern-
ment itself. 1 ask it as a right of the people of
Kentucky that we be allowed to fix this matter in
any way we choose.
If gentlemen from Mtuyland choose that their
slaves shall go into the Army, let them go, but let
that question be determined by the State of Mary-
land ass State. Do not decide by a stalutoryen-
actment by the Congress of the United States who
shall compose this quota m the State of Ken-
tucky. Let Kentucky decide that for herself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Provided, That this section "shall not apply to any ron-
rnei-Rional tliatriel it the B/'prrserintive of such di^tiict
^hall evpte-^lv' th.it the slaves in In-- (li-tliel be exempt
ftom dials, le'tlir," it ldll the moie hc.tvtlj upon the white
men. «
Mr. Chairman, I do not offer that amendment
because 1 am in favor of it, but with a view of
affording those who are opposed to the proposi-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Sievgns] an oppor-
tunity to put then own concessional districts m
such positions as they seem to want thein. I can
very well understand that if gentlemen were seek-
ing to send only a paitieular class of men to the
war from my district my constituents would ob-
ject to such a discrimination.
Air. MALLORY. !f the gentleman will make
his amendment read "Governor of the State,"
instead of "Representative" of a congressional
district, 1 will go for it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot do that,because
I find that States are divided upon this question.
The Representatives of some congressional dis-
tricts would not want this amendment of mine to
apply to then- districts, while others would.
I take it for granted those gentlemen who are
opposed to the original proposition of my col-
league will vote for my amendment, which I have
di awn to meet their views. If any man is seriously
and earnestly opposed to the original proposition",
I present this as an acceptable qualification tahim.
I do not propose to vote for it„myself. My con-
stituents do not require any such qualification,
and I may remark that should my amendment be
adopted and applied to any district in any State',-
the voters of that district will have the question
before them when the draft comes to be enforced,
and they will remember to make a decision in the
next election.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have only to remark
that I want to sec how many will vote for this
amendment, because I shall consider it a test as to
how many are opposed to the original proposition.
I have never found the most snaky constituent
of mine who when he was drafted refused to let
the blackest negro in the district go as a substi-
tute for him.
Mr. STEVENS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. It is not for members of Congress or con-
gressional districts to say what kind of soldiers
wc shall have. We want to select our own sol-
diers and get the best. Therefore I am opposed
to the amendment of my colleague. [Laughter.]
Mr. Rroomam.'s amendment to the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER. I move to insert after the
words " ceitisficate thereof" these words:
The bounty of $100 now payable by law to each drafted
man shall be paid to the person to whom said drafted per-
son owes service at the time of his muster into tire service
ot" the (huted States.
Mr. Chairman, one word in explanation of that
amendment. The enrollment act of the last Con-
gress put a drafted man upon the same footing as
mgards pay and bounty as the volunteer; that is,
each drafted man was entitled to the bounty of
$100. I propose in the case of the slave who is
drafted that the bounty shall be paid to the mas-
ter, provided he is a loyal man, and provided that
the drafted slave shall be manumitted by his
owner. That is the whole effect of the proposi-
tion, and I think that the committee will recog-
nize its justice.
Mr. KELLEY. I rise nominally in opposition
to the amendment, but really to answer the ques-
tion the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mal-
lory] put to me when tie was upon the floor. He
inquired whether it was the desire thut this war
should extinguish slaveiy.
Mr. MALLORY. I made no such inquiry. I
said if it were the desire of gentlemen to fill the
Army by this bill that it could be as well done
without the amendment as with it; but if the
House is desirous of demoralizing the instituHftn
of slavery then it will agree to the amendment.
Mr. IvELLEY. My object is to obtain an
army; anil not only to demoralize but to extin-
guish the institution of slavery, because it is right
and has become one of the necessities of the coun-
try. The Piesident's proclamation having wiped
it out of the whole insurgent legion, and Mary-
land, Missouii, Delaware, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas having determined to extinguish it, its aboli-
tion must go over the whole country. Fate decrees
it; it is iiAhe order of Providence; and it is neces-
sary to the peace of the country. I am willing
that the $300 paid by the northern men for exemp-
tion shall be given to the slaveholders of Kentucky
and the other border States if they will give us an
army of colored men. I tell thegentleman thatwe
desire to woilf with and not against Providence.
With Providence we shall be successful; against
Providence we shall be overwhelmed. The just
aim of the majority of this House is to ad just the
means of bringing the rebellion to a speedy term-
ination—a termination which shall be followed
by a lasting and prosperous peace. It will un-
doubtedly not only demoralize, but extinguish
human slavery within the limits of our country.
[Here the hammci fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes 67, noes 44.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, 1 move to strike
out the last word. Some gentlemen would seem
to consider this a small matter, and I want to call
attention to its magnitude so far as my State is
concerned. In 1862 the whole property of the
State was valued at §516,000,000. The year before
this rebellion broke out, that is, in 1860, the sltwe
property of Kentucky was valued at§107,000,000.
Therefore one fifth ot the whole property of Ken-
