1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
not long wait for that desired result. Some affect
to deny the right of States to charter banks; but
there can be no serious question on thatsubjcct.
Again, it is proposed to withdraw all the national
banks and bank capital from State and ^municipal
taxation, because of the necesity to tax them ex-
clusively for the support of the General Govern-
ment; and secondly, because the power being left
to the States to tax includes the power to destroy;
a result which, in my judgment, does not follow,
because it may be provided against by providing
against them what I demand for them, equal bur-
dens and equal taxation with every other like prop-
erty..
I am unable to see the wisdom of sequestering
property of any description, and withdrawing it
from taxation generally. It has never been our
policy, and, in my judgment, never can or ought
to be. In ease of revenue from foreign importa-
tions, it was found necessary to bring that with-
in the General Governmentjurigdiction exclusive-
ly; otherwise commercial relations with foreign
nations could not have assured fulfillment, and
because rivalry between the several States to-se-
cure trade would underbid all revenue. Hence
that single source of income was sequestered to
the national Treasury to defeat and prevent inju-
rious competition between the several States, be-
yond that I know of no other case. 1 see *o rea-
son or necessity forit in thiscagp. Better to leave
all property equally liable to all taxation; the Gen-
eral Government drawing for what it must, leav-
ing States and localities to do the same, and only
so can the burdens of all be made equal to all.
Sir, you may tax heavily if necessary without a
murmur, but unequal taxation you cannot long
enforce. It is an injustice to which none will
willingly submit, and the plan proposed must re-
sult in inequality. The very argument urged in its
favor persuades me against it. It presupposes
that the measure will be odious, and hence that
it will be taxed by the States to destruction. Sir,
a better guarantee of its permanency and useful-
ness will be found in combining the greatest pos-
sible benefits with the fewest possible evils; and
that accomplished, it will become universal in
favor and practice.
The withdrawing from States their natural and
most obvious reliance for self-support, weakens
the bands of union by severing the unity of in-
terests, and proceeds upon the mistaken idea that
the whole may survive though all the parts per-
ish; that the General Government can be strong
while the States languish.
Mr. Speaker, the loyal States have gallantly
emulated each other in their geneiousand uncal-
culating sacrifices in support of the Government.
They have contributed of their sons and substance
without stint or measure. In doing so they have
contracted heavy State debts. Counties and towns
have vied with each other in furnishing forth sol-
diers of the Union, and adopted their families
during their absence in the field, and pledged their
faith and property to provide their bounties; and
their means to meet all or any of these their
great undertakings must notbe needlessly circum-
scribed by partial and class legislation. "We must
ail stand or fall together. Thatdetermined on and
decided, be our burdens ever so great, we shall
bear them triumphantly through. In union is
our strength; whatever stands in the way of it
must go down. No expense, no sacrifice, no allure-
ment must deter or divert us, but rising with the
emergency, and equal to every fate, meet and
master every obstacle that stands in the way of
the complete supremacy of the Constitution and
the laws.
tylr. HIGBY obtained the fioor, but yielded it to
Mr. STILES, who moved that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five minutes to nine o'clock p. m.) the House
adjourned.  
, IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, June 1, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, R«v. Dr. Bowman.
RECORDING OF VOTES.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Before the reading of the
Journal, I desire to state that just befor^the vote
was taken last evening on the amendment to the
revenue bill relative to the fishing bounties, I had
stepped out for a moment, leaving word with the
chairman of the Committee on Finance where I
was .going, not thinking that a vote would be
taken immediately. I should like, by unanimous
consent, to have my vote recorded in its appro-
priate place. «
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent, and the Chair doubts whether
even then it can be done.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have no objection, but I
have been refused on one or two occasions a sim-
ilar privilege when I requested it five minutes
after a vote had been taken.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Having discussed the
question just a moment before, I should like to
have my vote on the record.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will refer to the rules.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the Senator from
New Jersey will allow me to do it. There is a
special reaso* why I desire to do it, having just
discussed the question.
Mr. FOOT. I doubt whether by unanimous
consent it can be done within the meaning and
intent of the lule, which is very imperative that
it shall be done under no circumstances.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was of that impression, and that is the reason he
was going to refer to the rule.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Without, then,desiring
to make a question about this, allow me to say
that i was called from my place by a call which
1 thought required my attendance for a moment*,
and I regret very much that I was not in my seat
when my name was called.
Mr. POMEROY. There has been a usage in
the Senate, and I remember one or two instances
where parties have recorded their names by unan-
imous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the usage has been the other way.
Mr. POMEROY. There have been instances
of that kind since I have been in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There may
be one or two instances.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can be
done by unanimous consent. Is there any ob-
jection ? The Chair hears none; and the reading
of the Journal will be dispensed with.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER presented three petitions of
men and women of the United States, praying for
the abolition of slavery and for such an' amend-
ment of the Constitution as will forever prohibit
its existence m any portion of the Union; which
were referred to the select committee on slavery
and freedmen.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
Charles de Arnaud, who represents himself to
have been a loyal citizen of the United States.
He states that he was doinga very lucrative busi-
ness in Jackson, Mississippi, at the breaking out
of the lebellion, and detcimined to return to the
States that were not in rebellion, and he removed
to Louisville, Kentucky, where he was employed
by General Rousseau to obtain information from
the rebels. He did it, he says, at great expense
of money and great hazard of life, and he com-
plains that he has not been paid a sufficient in-
demnity for his services. I move that the petition
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a report
from the committee of conference on the bsnk bill.
The matter ought to be disposed of now for the
purpose of getting this bill outof the way. I ask
for Us present consideration; it will take but a
moment.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the dt>agieoing votes ot
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
395) to provide a national cunency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the chcuiation and
redemption theieot, having met, after full and nee confer-
ence have agreed to reeomrmmd and do recommend to
their respective Houses as follows:
That the lioiwe of Representatives recede from tiieir dis-
agreement to the fifteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment, as follows: line two
of said amendment strike out the words " the bonds," and
insert in lieu Uie following words, 's any excess of bonds
beyond one third of its capital stock and/' and the Senate
agree to the s>ume.
That the Senate reced# from their nineteenth amend-
ment. * , *
That the House of Representatives recede from their dis-
agreement to the thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate.
That the House recede from their disagreement to. so •
much of the thirty-seventh amendment of tfi<x Senate as
proposes to insert the words "Buffalo, and Providence^
Rhode Island," and agree to the same with an amendment}
as follows: strikeout the words proposed to be inserted
tiy said-Senate amendment and insert in iieu thereof the
words (i Washington city," and the Senate agree to the
same. .
The House recede from their disagreement to the thirty-
eighth amendment of the Senate and agree to tftesame'
with the following amendments: strike out ail after the
word " notes," in line seven uf the matter proposed to bo
inserted by said Senate amendment, down to and Includ-
ing the word " mountains" In line ten ; aud io line twelve,
strike out the words "three fifths," artd insert in iieu,
thereof the words " one half," and the Senate agree to the
same.
The House recede from their disagreement to the forty-
first amendment of the Senate and agree to the same wkti'
the following amendment: strike out all after the word
*• provided," in line forty-seven of said Senate amendment
down to and including the word " located," m line sixty-
six, and insctt in lieu thereof ihe following:
« That nothing in this act nhall be construed to prevent
all the shares m any of the said associations held by any .
person or body-corporate from being included in the valida-
tion of the pei^onnt property of such person or corporation
in the assessment ot taxes imposed by or under State au-
thority, at the place where such bank i*located, and not
elsew heic ; but not at a gt eater rate than is assessed upon
other moneyed capital in the hands of individual citizens
of eucfo Slate: Provided further, That the tax so imposed
under tiie laws of any State upon the shares of any or'the-
associations authorised by this act hall not cxceed the rate $
imposed upon the shares in any of the banks organized un-
der the authority of the State where such association is
located," and the Senate agiee to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
REVJBRDY JOHNSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
S. HOOPER,
E. B. IVASHBtritNE,
11. MALLORY,
Managers on the pent oj Ike House,
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to hear the
report read again.
Mr. ANTHONY. I tliialc if the clfairman of
the committee would explain it, that would be of
much more value. : •
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do so. I will re-
mark that the House of Representatives origin-
ally agreed to nearly aH the amendments of the
Senate, and there were only six points of disa-
greement. The fifteenth amendment of the Senate
is agreed to with a slight modification, not affect-
ing the meaning. That amendment of tlve Senate
authorized a bank to take up the bonds upon
which no circulating notes had been issued. The
amendment of the committee of conference to this
amendment prohibits the bank taking up any
bonds except beyond one third the excess of
bonds, and upon which no circulating notes have
been delivered. It is rather a change of phrase-
ology than meaning. The nineteenth amendment
of the Senate wis one proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, limiting the amount of capital
stock of the banks organized under this act.
That is stricken out, so that the limitation applies
only to the circulation. It was deemed difficult"
at present to fix the amount of limitation of the
capital stock, because it was represented to us that
many of the banks in New England and New
York that might go into this system might carry
in a much larger capital than the amount of cir-
culation they would probably take, and that at
any rate for a year or so it was not at all likely
that the limitation of §300,000,000 could be
reached. There was a radical difference between
the Senate and House of Representatives, so that
we receded from that amendment of the Senate.
The thirty-sixth amendment inserted Leaven-
worth as a place of redemption. That is left out.
The thirty-seventh amendment inserted Provi-
dence and Buffalo. We receded from that amend-
ment and inserted Washington City, the Comp-
troller of the Currency desiring that the notes of
banks in Washington should be redeemable in
New York, so that they should keep on hand the
highest amount required in cities of redemption,
thirty-five per cent.
The thirty-eighth amendment was an import-
ant one. It required the banks west .of the Al- .
leghatiy mountains to redeem in the city of New
York at one fourth.of one percent.,and those east
of the Alleghany mountains to redeem in New
York at par. We require all of them to redeem
at par, make no distinction between east and west"
of the mountains, so that all the banks in centers
of redemption redeem in Now York at par.
