1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
iim
rency, why is it that you will not be equally ca-
pable of dealing with any other conduct existing
as between the citizens tending to the same result;
put down extravagance; regulate the priceof pro-
visions; declare that only such and such contracts
shall be entered into; bring down the business of
the country as far as it depends upon transactions
as between man and man to the smallest possible
standard ?
And finally, Mr. Piesident, what right—I know
thatupon that question differences of opinion ex-
ist—what right is there in the Congress of the
United States to interfere with the issues of State
banks? Itisagreat question; one upon whichmy
opinion has long since been formed. I may be mis-
taken in it; but if I am mistaken in it I err in com-
mon with the men by whom the Constitution was
framed, and those who were called upon to ex-
pound it in its earlier days, and who were more
or less parties to the framing of it. In the Fed-
eralist—that commentary which is so familiar to
us all, and which tended so greatly to the adop-
tion of the Constitution by the people—the right
of the States to establish banks, banks of any
kind, banks of issue as well as banks of deposit,
was clearly conceded. In the opinion of the Su-
preme Court m the case of McCulloch vs. The State
of Mary land—an opinion illustrating the rare abil-
ity of the then Chief Justice—it was not inti-
mated that there existed in Congress any power
to interfere with the State banks. They held in
that case—and the principle involved in that de-
cision is equally applicable to the State banks—
that the States had no power to tax a Bank of the
United States, they having satisfied themselves
and declared that the bank was constitutional, be-
cause the power to tax might be used to the ex-
tent of destroying it. If that is true, is it not
equally true that if there exists m the United
States an authority to tax State banks, or to tax
the issues of State banks, or to regulate the issues
of State banks, it is a power which may be ex-
erted for the purpose of entirely destroying such
institutions?
The doubt which Congress entertained when
the hill chartering the original Bank of the Uni-
ted States was under deliberation, passing only by
a very small majority, the doubt which they en-
tertained when they refused to renew its charter
by a majority greater than that by which it was
originally passed, the doubt which was afterwards
expressed in both blanches of Congress when,
through the necessities of the country it became,
in the opinion of the then President of the United
States, the duty to charter a bank, and as he
thought the power existed, or at least he was will-
ing to yield his anteeedentopinion to what seemed
to be the universal wish and to what he admitted
the necessities of the country demanded; the doubt
was whether there existed in the Congress of the
United States, under the Constitution, any au-
thority to incorporate a bank at all. The answer
which was given to those who alleged the abso-
lute necessity of such an institution was, that the
State banks were fully competent to do whatever
was necessary or convenient to attain the end for
which it was said a Bank of the United States
ought to be passed. The present Chief Justice,
then Secretary of the Treasury, acting in that par-
ticular with the advice, I believe, of all the mem-
bers of the Cabinet, or nearly all with whom he
was associated, the President of the United States
at their head, when he took from the old Bank of
the United States the large amount which the Uni-
ted States had on deposit m that bank and distrib-
uted it among the local banks, stated officially
that it was 111 the power of the local banks to do
all that the necessities of the Government re-
quired, or th&t the convenience of the citizens de-
manded.
Fiom that day until a comparatively recent pe-
riod, until the commencement of this war, or, to
speak more correctly, until the war has involved
us m such large disbursements and rendered itso
necessary in the judgment of Congress and of the
Executive to increase our currency to such an ex-
tent as to affect its value in the public estimation',
it was never pretended that there was any power
in the United States to put down the State banks;
that they were not local institutions created under
the admitted authority of the States, and just as
much beyond the limits of the power of the United
States as the Bank of the United States, which had
been held to be constitutionally enacted, was be-
yond the power of theStates. The Secretary of
the Treasury now tells us that the state of things
which exists at the present time in relation to the
depreciation of the currency arises in part from
the extent of the issues of the State banks. How
is that to be corrected ? Is it by limiting the is-
sues; is it by passing amendments to the State
charters; is it by prohibiting the issue altogether;
or is it by exerting a power of taxation which will
sooner or later lead to that result? In my judg-
ment, desirable as may be such a result, that can-
not be accomplished under the Constitution as
it is.
But gold now, not because gold has ceased to
be just as valuable as it ever was, for, I repeat,
it is now worth precisely what it was at first, no
more, has become an article of commerce, an ar-
ticle of trade, and being an article of commerce or
of trade, it is a subject of contract, and if I am
right in supposing that over the whole class of
contracts the States have exclusive jurisdiction,
you have no more authority to pass this bill in-
terfering with that particular kind of contract than
to pass any law interfering with any other species
of contract.
But this bill goes further than interfering with
the buying and selling of gold and silver; jt pro-
hibits the buying and selling of foreign exchange,
except subject to the same limitations with which
you authorize the buying and selling of coin.
Where, upon what ground can it be, I was about
to say even plausibly, maintained that over the
subject of exchange the Congress of the United
States have any control ? If it can be maintained
that they have a control over the subject of for-
eign exchange because dealing in foreign exchange
may affect the credit of the country, have they
not the same authority over the inland exchange
of the country? And if they have it over the in-
land exchange of the country, why for the same
reason do they not possess it in regaid to every
commercial instrument which from time to time
in the transactions between man and man it may
be convenient to issue—promissory notes, single
bill, stock, State bonds?
It is not true in point of fact that the present
state of the gold market is to beattributedexclu-
sively to the extent of the issues of local bank
currency or to the efforts of speculators. There
are a variety of other causes leading to it. It is
the immense business that your citizens are now
carrying on, domestic as well asforeign; it is the
immense issue of railroad bonds and State bonds;
it is the immense amount of bonds which your
local corporations throughout the whole extent
of the United States are issuing for the purpose
of accomplishing some particular local orgeneral
improvement. The whole, in one sense, is a spe-
cies of currency by means of which the business
of the country is being conducted. If you have
the authority to mterfete with one species of cui-
rency, the bank issues, in order to kt op down the
price of gold, why is it that you have not the
authority to interfere with the whole business of
the citizens of the seveial States? And yet I
suppose nobody will contend that the power of
the United States can be curried to that extent.
So much, Mr. President, upon the question of
power. jXow a word or two upon the effect of
the bill, supposing the power to be in the United
States. "Will it have any such operation as its
fiiends suppose r The Secretary of the Treasury
himself predicts with no confidence that result.
The honorable member who has reported it
from the Committee on Finance evidently doubts
whether it will have such an effect, as does tiie
member fiom Maine, the chairman of that com-
mittee. How is it to have that effect? The gold
bill was passed to accomplish the same end, by
placing in the hands of the Secietary of the
Treasury a power which he might hold in ter-
rurem over these speculators and thereby paralyze,
if not entiiely defeat, their effous. We know
what the result has been. This is to effect the
same purpose, not by prohibiting the buying and
selling of gold, but by allowing itonly under cer-
tain restrictions. Now what are they? The
vendor must have the gold in his hand to be de-
livered to the purchaser, and the purchaser, at the
same time, must have in his hand the currency
of the United States, the two to pass to instanti.
The bill goes on further to provide that even
that mode of buying and selling shall not be ad-
mitted unless one of the two parties to the bargain
shall, at the when the contract is com-
pleted, be in his place of business. Now, I pre-
diet that, if this bill passes, there will be a build-
ing in the city of New York—there are plenty of
them there now—which will be the place of busi-
ness of all these speculators. They are not
obliged, in order to carry 011 their trade, to con-
gregate upon the street corners. They can ac-
complish the same end by having their offices in
one building to which there shall belong a com-
mon rotunda—an exchange. In point of fact, and
certainly in point o.f law, if tha^ is done in good
faith, such a building will be their place of busi-
ness. The whole effect of the operation of the
bill, if 1 am right, will be to remove these specu-
lators from the street into a building where their
trade will be carried on just to the same extent
and with the same injurious results, if there are
injurious results following from it, that are now
happening by their carrying on their trade in the
street.
Mr. President, I know that I do not differ very
materially from my friend by whom this bill has
been introduced or with any member of the very
enlightened committee of which upon this occa-
sion he has been the spokesman, when I say that
there is not one of them that anticipates with any-
thing like confidence the result which this bill
seeks to accomplish; and no such legislation from .
the time the world commenced up to the present
day has ever been attended with success. I do
not mean success for an hour; I do not mean what
may be the effect of this bill, if it should pass, upon
the price of gold in New York at the very moment
when the telegraph shall announce its passage;
but what will be its fixed and natural effects?
what it will be next week.
If there is any law which is just as certain as
the laws of nature, just as certain as the regit la*
tions of Providence by which the seasons with
which He blesses mankind are regulated, it is
that the currency of any nation rests upon fixed
fundamentel laws which are sure always to bring
it to its proper level. The honorable Secretary
of the Treasury is mistaken, as 1 submit, and
my friend from Ohio is mistaken, as I think, in
their conjecture, for it is but conjecture, that any
good will result from this measure. The true
cause of the present state of the currency is its
inflation,and that the country is now engaged in
a war of a magnitude greater than ever before
shocked humanity. The true mode,and anybody
who knows the Committee on Finance of this
body—and certainly! am far from supposing that
there is any want of the same patriotism and of
the same wisdom in the corresponding committee
of the other House—need not be told that they
will do all that can be done by means of revenue
bills to accomplish the purpose of maintaining the
credit of the nation. We want additional and ad-
equate taxation. Why we have not had it, why
we have not got it now, if it be the fault of any-
body, is not the fault of our committee. Bills of
that description can originate only in the other
House.
But let that be done; let the progress of our
armies in the campaign now about to commence
be a progress of triumph; let the people see that
the military power of the rebels is destroyed and
the amount of the present pecuniary engagements
of the United States will be considered as trivial
in the estimation of those who know what are the
present resources and certain to be the future re-
sources of the United Slates. You may double
the debt and restore the Union upon a basis that
promises permanence and peace and the credit of
the United States will rebound even beyond the
pointat which it stood when the war commenced-.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, those who
are charged with the conduct of financial opera-
tions in time of war have always a very difficult
task. We know this by the history of all na-
tions, by the history of France, of England,and
of our own country, within a century past. Those
of us who have anything to do with financial
bills in this Congress know very well that if a
pioposition is introduced of a collateral charac-
ter which does not immediately bring paper up
to the standard of gold, we are told " Your meas-
ure does not accomplish all the object desired."
If the measure pioposed by us will not have the
effect to raise all the taxes desired, or to bring
everything back to the old specie-paying basis>
we are told at once that the measure is insufficient.
