2622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
The last amendment, which was the only ma-
terial one upon \vhich thei-e was disagreement,
and' the only one upon which there was much
trouble, was the forty-first amendment, reserving
to the States the power of taxation. We have
slightly modified the Senate amendment, but the
legal effect is very much the same as the Senate
amendment, in my judgment, The slight differ-
ence between the 'Senate amendment and thi/
amendment proposed by the committee of con-
ference will bo very readily seen. These were
the only points of disagreement.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator be kind enough
to inform me how the matter of taxing the State
banks and national banks relatively is left by
the bill. • , i i
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill says nothing about
taxing the State banks. It provides for a tax of
one,per cent, on the circulation of the national
banks, one half of one percent, on their deposits,
and one per cent, on their capital above the amount
invested in United States bonds. It reserves to
the States the right to levy a tax on national
• banks not exceeding the rate that they assess upon
their own banks, and it.is to be levied at the pluce
where the bank is located.
The report was concurred in.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing,,to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 474)
to amend an act relative to the public printing,
have instructed me to report it back and recom-
mend its passage. It is a mere formal bill, in-
tended to promote the convenience of the Depart-
ments, ana J ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes that that part of the act en-
titled "An act to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal yearend-
ing the 30th of June, 1864, and for other purposes,"
approved March 14,1864,as provides " that here-
after no printing or binding shall be done or blank-
books be procured for any of the Executive De-
partments of the Government without a written
requisition on the Superintendent of Public. 1'iint-
ingfromthe head of such-Department," shall be
amended by inserting after the last word " De-
partment" the words " or his assistant or assist-
ants," so that it will read, "the head of such De-
partment or his assistant or assistants."
. Mr. HALE. That seems to be an important
bill,and it was impossible to hear it read. I wish
the chairman to state what it is.
Mr. ANTHONY. The present law provides
that no printing, however small, shall be exe-
cuted for the,Departments unless on the written
order of the head of the Department addressed to
the Superintendent of Public Printing. Those
orders are so numerous and frequently so small
as to subject the head of the Department to con-
siderable inconvenience in examining and sign-
ing them; and this bill allows the Assistant Secre-
taries to sign the orders instead of the Secretaries.
That is all.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ORDER OK BUSINESS.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone all prior or-
ders 
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I rise to a question of
privilege. I move that the credentials presented
by me in behalf of Hon. Mr. Fishback, Sen-
ator-elect from Arkansas, in place of Mr. Sebas-
tian, be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The motion is pending.
Mr. CONNESS, There is no privilege con-
nected with that question over any other. It is
a motion regularly pending, and lies over for con-
sideration. I have no objection to the reference,
but Ii do not want it to occupy the morning hour
by eliciting debate. Do I understand that there
is any privilege connected with that question ?
. - . RESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the matter having been post-
poned by a'vote of the Senate,it 1ms not now the
character of a question of privilege. TheSenator
from New Hampshire is in order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I do not know of
any one that is going to discuss this question.
_ Mr. HALE. I understand the question is de-
cided. It is not a matter of privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that in transacting the business of the
morning, as the session comes to the close, he
will hold pretty rigidly to the rule as to the read-
ying of the Journal, and then receiving petitions,
and then going through with reports.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have a report to make.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have not yielded
the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire has the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Chair recognized
me, and I have not relinquished the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
of opinion that the Senator from Kansas has no
right to the floor. He claimed it for a question
of privilege; and the Chair decided that the ques-
tion presented by him was not a question of priv-
ilege.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate now to let these papers go
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 object.
Mr. SUMNER. Before they go, I desire to
debate the question.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate postpone
all prior ordeis for the purpose of considering
Senate joint resolution No, 50.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports are
in order; and the Chair will receive reports.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a memorial of
the Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying for
an amendment of the act of March 3, 1863, enti-
tled " An act to protect the liens upon vessels in
certain cases, and for other purposes," so as to
protect the claims of loyal citizens, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr..HOWARD. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
222) extending the jurisdiction of district couits,
have directed me to icport adversely thereon. It
us a bill which purports to extend to the rivers
and lakes of tile United States the admiralty ju-
risdiction more amply than it pxists at present.
Mr. HA RLAN, from the Conimitteeon Public
Lands, to whom was recommitted a bill (S. No.
IG6) authorizing the archives in the office of th 
recorder of land titles in the State of Missouri to
be delivered to said State, reported it with an
amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 258) making Dakota
or Sioux half-breed land scrip assignable, re-
ported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 137) to exclude dis-
loyal persons from the public lands of the United
States, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bill and memorial,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 269) making additional grantof
lands to the State of Minnesota to aid m the con-
struction of railroads from Stillwater, by way of
St. Paul and St. Anthony, to a point between Big
Stone lake and the mouth of Sioux Wood river,
with a branch to St. Cloud and to the navigable
waters of the lied river of the North, as the Le-
gislature may determine; and
A memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of
Milwaukee praying for the construction of a
wagon road to Idaho, through Minnesota and
Dakota".
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
259) supplemental to the laws relating to the War
Department, and authorizing the settlement and
payment of certain claims against the United
States, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was'referred a bill (S. No. 276) concerning the
jurisdiction of the Courtof Claims, and for other
purposes, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a bill (H. R. No. 293) to provide for the
payment of the second regiment, third brigade,
Ohio volunteer militia, during the time they were
mustered into the service of the United States, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (S.No. GO) tendering the thanks
of Congress, and for the presentation of a medal
to Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, of the fourth
regiment of Wisconsin volunteers, reported it
with an amendment. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. No. 58) in re-
lation to the professors of the Military Academy
at West Point, reported it without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 93) to repeal so much of theacts of Congress
approved March 3, 1845, and August 6, 1846, as
authorize the transportation of goods impoited
from foreign countries through the United States
to the Canadas, or from the Canadas through the
United States, to be exported to foreign coun-
tries, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to. whom was referred a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota,in favor of an increase
of pension to Army and Navy pensioners, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Ann Watson,
praying for a pension, submitted an adverse
report ihereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPheuson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed a bill
(No. 483) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad and telegraph lino from Lake
Superior to Pnget sound, on the Pacific coast,
by the northern route; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amendim-nt
of iin\ Senate to the bill of the House (lNTo. 1211)
to reestablish the principal port of entry for the dis-
trict of Champlam, at Plattsburgh, and for other
purposes.
The message further announced thpt the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 218) to re-
peal the first section of a joint resolution therein
named, with an amendment to the title of the bill;
m which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate.
The nlessnge also announced that the House of
Representatives had insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 192) making appropriations far tlio
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
theGovernmentforthe yearcndingjune30,18G5,
insisted-on by the Senate, and upon its amend-
ments to other amendments of the Senate to the
said bill, disagreed to by the Senate; agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and had
appointed Mr. George II. Pendleton of Ohio,*
Mr. William Windom of Minnesota, and Mr.
Orlando Kellocg of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
followingenrolled billsandjoint resolution; which
were thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore:
A bill (H. R. No. 345) for tharclief of Frederick
A. Beelen, late secretary of legation to Chili;
A bill (H. R. No. 381) to amend an act entitled
" An act making a grant qf land to the State of
Iowa, in<alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State," approved
May 15, 1856; ,
A bill (H. R. No. 484) to incorporate the
Newsboys' Home; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 57) to amend the
charter of the city of Washington.
LAND CLAIMS 01' WISCONSIN.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to postpone all
prim orders, and take up Senate joint resolution
No. 8, for the relief of the Slate of Wisconsin.
