18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
country, the Government, in peace as well as in
war, must foster that hardy and adventurous
class who, in every conflict, at home and abroad,
have always gallantly upheld the flag. A for-
midable navy at the commencement of our pres-
ent difficulties would have caused foreign nations
to abstain froth aiding the rebels and brought the
war to a speedy conclusion. Why might not the
Government, in time of peace, employ its own
fast steamers for ocean mail service, and, per-
haps, other important transportation, such as
carrying specie and packages of small bulk but
high value? A slight armament of few guns on
national vessels would be sufficient to exercise
the men and to give character and security to the
ship. Fronting as our country does on the two
great oceans, this system would insure to us,
first, vessels built and ready, at all times, for
fighting purposes; second, an organization of
able and efficient officers, with well trained and
educated seamen, actively employed and always
ready for naval service; third,rapid mail commu-
nication with different paits of the world; the
whole furnishing a nucleus for the Navy, where
both its officers and better class of seamen would
be constantly improving and fitting themselves
for the highest public usefulness. No better school
or training could be instituted for modern naval
warfare, when seamanship is so much in advance
of that which prevailed when only sailing vessels
were known to the Navy. Such a system would,
besides being a nursery for the Navy, contribute
to the expansion of our commerce, which it would
stimulate and encourage, and with which it would
not come in competition. Under it the naval and
merchant service would fraternize and be edu-
cated together when the country is at peace, and
in time of war would combine the power of both
for national purposes. Such employment of our
national vessels would .conduce to the interests of
peace. These suggestions are intended to invite
.the attention of Congress to the important sub-
ject of establishing some systom for the perma-
nent benefit of the Navy after the present hostili-
ties have ceased.
VOLUNTEER OFFICERS PROMOTIONS, ETC.
< The important service rendered by volunteer
officers, und the courage and skill displayed by
them, as also their adaptation to the profession,
commends them to the consideration of Congress.
While it cannot be expected, and would not be
desirable, to incorporate permanently into the
*Navy nil who hold temporal y appointmonts, there
are among them some whose abilities and worth
should not be lost to the service. Those who
have served Ion* and faithfully, and by their con-
* duc^zeal, and ability meritit, should be promoted
to volunteer lieutenant commanders, and a limited
numberof volunteer officeis might be broufrhtintu
the line.
It would doubtless conduce to the benefit o.fthe
service, were officers of the line to undergo an ex-
amination for promotion to successive guides after
leaving the Academy, until they attain the rank of
- commander. Such a regulation would avoid the
necessity for retiring boards,and bean incentive
to excellence, and a just reward to those who
strive to acquire professional knowledge after grad-
uating from the Academy and entei ing on their
career of active duty. Such a rule is established
with the engineer corps and medical officers, and
is productive of beneficial results. ,A like rule
should be established with assistant paymasters,
who ought not to be promoted until after the
ordeal of an examination.
Suitable means should be taken to receive, pre-
pare, and train boys for the naval service. For
this purpose one of the old ships of the line, now
useless for cruising, might be stationed at some
suitable place, perhaps at the Naval Academy,
where boys between the ages of twelve and eigh-
teen might be enlisted and educated as seamen.
The sons of sailors and others m the public naval
and intjitfu y service, should be twilled to consid-
eration fur admittance to this school-ship; and
it would be well to select annually from those
most proficient, at least five to be transfer*ed to
the Naval Academy as midshipmen. The same
ship might, if judged expedient, also answer for
such a gunnery-practice vessel as has been fre-
quently recommended by the Bureau of Ordnance.
PIRATICAL ROVERS.
The recognition of the rebels as belligerents by
the principal maritime Powers at the commence-
ment of hostilities, gave strength and character
to the insurrection, which it could never have had
but for that recognition. A declaration of neu-
trality between the belligerents went abroad from
Governments with which we were in amity, car-
rying with it the semblance of fairness, but which,
in its operation, is most unjust towards this Gov-
ernment and country. The United States had an
extensive commerce which penetrated every sea,
while the rebels were withoutcommerce or ships.
The United States had a navy and squadrons on
almost every ocean; the rebels had not a single
armed vessel at home or abroad. With a full
knowledge of these facts, the principal maritime
Powers of Europe hastened to recognize the rebels
as belligerents, and to declare that both the bel-
ligerents should be treated alike in their ports;
that the publicarmed vessels of neither should re-
main more than twenty-four hours in their har-
bors, nor receive supplies or assistance, except
such as might be absolutely necessary to carry
them home, and for three months thereafter they
should not again receive supplies in any of the
ports of those Governments. While this pio-
claimed neutrality did not affect a single ship of
the rebels, for they had not one to be affected, it
excluded the naval vessels of the United States
fiom the ports of the principal maritime Powers
throughout the world, except under the restric-
tions enumerated.
When the Sumter, a vpssel stolen from our
merchants, made her escape and went abroad
armed, but without a recognized nationality, to
seize and destroy our merchantmen upon the high
seas, she found, unlike the Algenne corsairs,
refuge and protection within the maritime juris-
diction of the great European Powers with whom
the United States were in friendship; and finally,
after being followed by our cruiseis into the har-
bor of Gibraltar, she was permitted by the au-
thorities to remain not only twenty-four hours,
but moie than twelve months,and was eventually
transferred to an English puichaser, went to an
English port, was refitted, and left the English
shores with a contraband cargo, and has since
run the blockade, carrying supplies to the rebels.
The Alabama, the Florida, the Geoigia, are
armed cruiseis built in England, have an English
armament on board, and ruu manned by ciews
who are almost exclusively Euiopean. Sailing
sometimes under the English and sometimes under
the rebel flag, these rovers, withouta port of their
own which they can enter, or to which they can
send a single prize for adjudication, have roamed
the seas, capturing and destroying the commer-
cial ships of a nation at peace with Gieat Biitain
and France; but yet, when these corsairs have
needed repairs or supplies they have experienced
no difficulty in procunng them, because it had
been deemed expedient to recognize the rebels as
belligerents. Not one of the many vessels cap-
tured by these rovers has ever been judicially con-
demned as a legal capture. Wanton destruction
has been the object and purpose of the captors,
who have burnt and destroyed the property of
their merchant victims.
This theory of recognizing rebels as belliger-
ents so soon as they lift their arms against the
Government, and thus deciaiing them entitled to
national privileges on the high seas and in the
harbors of the world, although without a port «r
navy of their own, is the inauguration of a new
policy in the history of nations. For a long suc-
cession of years it has been an important point
m the progress of civilization, and particularly
among the maritime Powers, that the police of
the seas should be guarded and maintained by
the subjection of captures to the adjudication of
tiibunals administering the law of nations, which
receive from the hands of the captor his prize into
the custody of that law to be disposed of by Us
rules; but the course pursued in fostenug und
giving enconiagement to the rebel robbers who,
without a recognized naiional flag or a port at
their command, or any means of bringing their
cuptuits to judgment,are committing their pred-
atory acts, is a restoration of thatAlgerine and
Tripolitan system which longaffiicted thecivilized
i woild, but w-hiah, under the ie&d of our Govern-
ment, was exterminated in the early part of the
present century.
Thus far tliese rovers have escaped capture.
""While in the West Indies they were protected
whenever they were enabled to flee into a neutral
port, or get within a marine league of the shore
of a neutral Government—a privilege that was
never in any quarter extended to the Mediterra-
nean corsairs. Unfortunately, most of the colo-
nial authorities, and no inconsiderable portion
of the population of the European dependencies,
influenced by the professed neutrality which
elevated insurgents, and sought to degrade the
national authority to an equality with them, were
in sympathy with the predatory rovers, and, while
lending them aid and often furnishing them with
information, interposed obstacles and manifested
unfriendly feelings to the lawful operations of the
naval forces of the Union.
Compelled, as we have been, to withdraw to a
great extent our foreign squadrons, in order to
establish and enforce the blockade, the commerce
of the United States, spread abroad upon every
sea, has been annoyed, and often plundered and
destroyed, by these unlicensed rovers. With
none of the nobler attributes orgallant and daring
qualities which characterize naval warriors, and
particularly the American sailor, these robbers of
the sea shun a naval antagonist. Their prowess
exhibits itself in plundering peaceful commerce,
and their victims have been unarmed merchant-
men. Traversing the seas as they do, without
a country of their own to which they can resort,
it has been difficult to trace or meet them; and
thus far they have, with the shelter and assist-
ance of Governments which recognize them as
belligerents and equals, managed to elude our
cruisers.
Their early operations were in theWest Indies,
where we have an extended commerce, and where
they had coadjutors among those foreign adven-
turers who were engaged in illicit traffic, and sym-
pathizers in a large portion of the colonial author-
ities. To protect our interests in that quarter,
and especially to guard the treasure-ships m their
transit to and from Aspinwall, afiving squadron
was established in the autumn of 1862, and placed
under the command of Acting Rear Admiral
Wilkes. That officer, by his energy and decision,
contributed to break up one of the several lines of
illicit tradeis oigaiiized to cmry supplies to the
rebels m ships ostensibly bound to Matamoras,
but with cargoes having a contingent destination
to Texas. While, however, he displayed effi-
ciency in seizing that class of blockade-runners,
and was successful in breaking up one of the
many cunningly contrived arrangements, he failed
to capture the piratical rovers.
The Department, anticipating that the Alabama
and her associates would find it necessary to
abandon the neighbothood of the Antilles, and
satisfied of the direction they would then take,
ordeied the Vunderbilt, a fast steamer, on inde-
pendent cruising duty, first in the West Indies,
and then onward to the south. The ordeis to
Commander Baldwin, of the Vanderbilt, under
date of January 27, 1863," were: 44 When you are
perfectly satisfied that the Alabama hayloft the
Gulf or the West Indies and gone to some other
locality, you will proceed along the coast of Bra-
zil to Fernando Noionho and Rio de Janeiro,
making inquiries at such places as you may think
advisable. Fiom Rio continue your course to the
Cape of Good Hope," &c., &c.
In derogation of these special and explicit or-
deis, Acting Rear Admiral Wilkes, on falling in
with the Vanderbilt, transferred ins flag to that
vessel, and, attaching her to his squadron, de-
tained her in his possession so long as to defeat the
object and purpose of the Department. He did
not release her until the 13th of June, when Coin-
}'< mander Baldwin proceeded to cany out his in-
j: struetions, but he was too late. He airived at
!! Fernando Noronho on the 4th of July, at IVr-
' nambuco on the 6th. and at Rio de Janeiro on the
' 14th; thence he proceeded, on the 2d of August,
; to St. Helena, instead of gom<rdirect to the (Jape
j of Good Hope. The unfortunate detention of t he
, Vanderbilt wholly defeated the plans of tlie De-
| partment for the capture of the Alabama, Florida,
I and Georgia. They, as the Department antiei-
, paled, arrived in those latitudes and visited those
