18G4.
THE CONGRESSION AL GLOBE.
1647
shire proposes to strike out tiiose words which
require a manual delivery of the money in ex-
change for the gold. I know the Senator is de-
sirous to pass the best bill on the subject; but
how easy will the bill without the provision which
he moves to strike out be evaded! If gold can
be paid for by a check, by a note, or by a horse,
as 1 believe was suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator, what will be the consequence? Take the
case of a check: if the gold can be paid for by a
check, the object of the law is defeated. With
$1,000 in any bank in the city of New York, 1
can draw checks to the amount of $100,000, and
no doubt the currency of the city of New York
is vastly multiplied by their system of certified
checks which return to the bank through the
clearing-house. The purpose of this section is to
throw impediments in the way of these specula-
tive operations.
The Senator from New Hampshire puts the
case that he, from the State of New Hampshire,
wants to go to England, and desires gold to pay
his expenses, and lie gets a draff on New York
and goes there to buy the gold. There is no dif-
ficulty in the Senator converting that draft into
United States notes, and going with those notes
in his pocket to any broker's office in the city of
New York and buying in gold for his purpose.
This bill does not interfere with any legitimate
operation. If a man wants gold for any legiti-
mate purpose whatever, he has a right to take
lawful money of the United States and go and
buy that gold; but on the other hand a specu-
lator, a man who simply wishes to raise the price
of gold, can go to abroker and say, " I will give
you such a price for your gold,and give you my
check on some bank for it." He may receive
the gold; he may have the manual delivery; and
then he may sell that gold forty times over before
his fheck is presented and paid. If you strike
out that clause, you wdl have no restraint except
the mere manual delivery of the gold. The gold
may he handed over by one speculator to another,
may be handed back and forth, the gold may be
in bags counted, may be there on the table pre-
cisely as the money is on the table of a faro bank;
but unless the money actually accompanies each
transaction on both sides, legal money on the one
side going for the coin and coin on the other com-
ing back, you have no chut k on these speculative
operations. 1 say, therefore, that to strike out
thatfeature of the first section would be to destroy
one of the necessary guards which such a meas-
ure as this should impose.
The first section will not prevent any man who
desires gold for commercial purposes from buy-
ing it. i do not care what he wants to do with
it; if he wants to export it, he has a perfect i ight
to take lawful money of the United States and go
into any brokei's office in the city of NewYoik
or anywhere else, and there buy, as a legitimate
transaction, gold and silver com to any extent;
but this bill will forbid hnn from goin^ into s^me
chamber and there selling $3,000,000 of gold,
not one dollar of which he has got; or of buying
$1,000,000 of gold when he has not got a sin-
gle greenback m his pocket to pay for it. H
is these speculative operations in gold, tending
to destroy the public credit and the public con-
fidence, in which the faith of the nation and the
honor of the nation go up and down every day,
that are intended to be prevented by the bill.
My only regret is, Mr. President, that we can-
not execute it in all its details. With the Sena-
tor from Maine, 1 doubt very much how far this
bill can be made effective, because 1 expect these
men, who are ingenious, to evade it and avoid it;
hut if we ran only throw impediments in the
way of these speculative operations; if we can
only drive them to their seciet vaults; if we can
only make this species of gambling discreditable
or difficult, it is all I hope to accomplish.
In regard to the Sfcond ser'ion of the bill, the
Senator from New Hampshiie criticises that.
Hp says, u Why prevent a man from selling gold
wherever he has got it?" The second section is
to prevent those men who have got go!d in the
city of New Yoi k from going to other places than
their places of business with a single bag of gold
and using that as theii capital stock, passing
backwards and forwaids, thus evading the first
section. That i« the intent. The second section
will not prevent any man who wants to sell his
goid from selling it at any place where gold may
be bought and sold. 1 do not know how many
thousand brokers and bankers there are in the
city of New York; the Senator from New York
[Mr. Morgan] would know much better than I
do. There are probably from five to ten thou-
sand places m that city where gold may under this
bill be bought and sold legitimately. The second
scction was simply intended to prevent the pur-
chase and sale of gold in places where legitimate
business is not being conducted, where all the
business transacted is speculative, and simply of
the character that is going on over the faro bank
every day in the year.
Mr. Piesident, I am not prepared to enter into
a constitutional argument on the question in re-
ply to the Senator from Maryland. 1 think this
question is involved and sufficiently involved for
my purpose in the decisions already made sus-
taining legal-tender money. If we have the power
to issue legal-tender money, and it has been so de-
cided by the courts and so decided by Congress,
we have the undoubted power to protect that legal-
tender money to a considerable extent; but that
is not all. The Constitution confers upon Con-
gress ceitain independent powers aside from the
protection of the national currency, aside from its
power to borrow money and have a medium by
which the money is borrowed. We have the
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations
and anions: the several States and with the Indian
tribes. We may prohibit all commerce in gold.
Who doubts it? Who doubts that if Congress
found it necessary to prohibit the exportation of
gold we might do that, as was done by Great
Biitain in her wais? We regulate commerce.
To what extent may we regulate it? The power
to legulate includes and generally involves the
power to destroy.
Mr. COLLAMER. The provisions of that
kind aieofa negative character—limitations, not
grants.
Mr. SHERMAN. We haveclearly the power
to regulate commerce with foreign nations. Sup-
pose it should become necessary for us to refuse
to have commercial inteicourse with Great Britain
as we did before the war of 1812 when we passed
the embargo law. Have we not a right to pro-
hibit trade with the citizens of Great Britain?
Have wenota right to prohibit trade in a particu-
lar class of articles? I n time of wai, we may pro-
hibit the exportation of gunpowder and of lead
and of other munitions of war. Why notofgoid,
the foundation and the vital point of commerce?
I do not see any constitutional difficulty. We
have the power to coin money, and under that
power we have issued our paper money, our
greenbacks, and stamped them with the national
authority. We have the power to regulate the
value of coin.
It seem* to me that these general powers aic
sufficient for the enactment of this bill. At any
rate, I have not the slightest doubt that we have
the power to a limited extent to protect our na-
tional securities from gaming operations, pre-
cisely as a State or any other political community
has the i ight to prevent within its limits gaming
tables or the display of vices injurious to the
morals of the community. I do not think there
is any difficulty.
Mr. President, I cannot say, nor do I pretend
to say, that if this bill shall pass it will reduce
the price of gold. No man can say that. That
depends upon the future. 4 only know that the
gentleman who is at the head of the Treasury
Department, upon his responsibility, tells us that
this will tend to some extent to promote that good
result. This proposition was first introduced by
the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Lane] and was
sent to the Committee on Finance in December,
I think. It was there talked over and finally laid j
by as being one of those measures of at least
doubtful expediency, and there it lay. I under-
took myself to frame a law which would satisfy
my own mind on the subject. 1 did so, and after
reasoning and doubt about it, I laid that aside,
and there it waited in the Committee on Finance
for a long time, and there it would have lain prob-
ably, buUhat the Secretary of the Treasury, who I
is now in New York, the veiy seatof these com-
mercial operations,gives us his official statement
that such a law as he proposes will be beneficial
to the national Government. I feltbound to sup-
port it, not only from my respect for his opinion,
but from the fact that 1 cannot state that this bill
will not have a beneficial effect. If it can accom-
plish the object set out in the first and secopd
sections it wilt be beneficial, and I do not wish
to take the responsibility of defeating it under
these ciicumstances. I agree that we have got to
depend upon some other remedy.
The Senator fromMaine alluded to onesubject
to which I should not have made any.reference
btu that he did so;and that is to the general com-
plaints made in the newspapers in regard to the
action of Congress. We are not here to diseuss
the conduct of the other House; but I can say in
regard to the Senate, and especially in regard to
the Finance Committee, that they have been and
are ready to consider any proposition that will
improve, as they believe, the public credit. We
are restrained by the Constitution of the United
States from originating revenue bills. I never
could see any reason for that piovision of the
Constitution which denied to the Senate the power
to originate money bills. 1 suppose it was taken
from that provision of the English constitution
which forbid the House of Lords the power to
originate money bills.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish the gentleman
would not use that phrase, for it is an English
expression, and is not the language of the Con-
stitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. " Bills for raising jeve-
nue."
Mr. SHERMAN. They are the same thing.
Mr. COLLAMER. But they are not the same
thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are generally used as
synonymous terms. We know very well from
the history of the English Parliament that the
House of Commons will not allow the House of
Lords even to propose amendments containing
new propositions to one of their appropriation
bills. As the Budget passes the House of Com-
mons, so it must pass the House of Lords. In
one case about one hundied years age, where the
House of Lords added to the Budget an appro-
priation of c£5,000, the House of Commons in
high dudgeon sent the bill back to the House of
Lords with a statement that in this respect they
had violated the privileges of the Commons of
England.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There was a similar case
a shot t time ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. The case to which I refer
occurred, I think, in 1757, and there have been
similar cases since. I suppose this idea that all
taxes should originate from the immediate rep-
resentatives of the people caused the framers of
our Constitution to insert in it the provision that
bills for raising revenue should originate in the
House of Representatives. That undoubtedly in-
cludes all tax bills. There has been some ques-
tion as to whether it includes appropuation bills.
The Senate, I believe, have sevmal times decided
that it does not include appi opriation bills. The
House of Representatives, I know, at one time
insisted that it did, and I think such has been the
general course of that House. At any rate, there
is no doubt that a bill levying taxes on the peo-
ple must originate with the House of Represent-
atives, and therefore we are powerless in this
body to do anything on the subject. We know,
howevei, from the current histoiy of the times,
that the Committee of Ways and Means in the
other House, the committee, necessarily charged
with the preparation of such bills, have been over-
whelmed by the character of their labors. They
have to frame ail the appropriation bills, and all
the bills relating to finance and the revenue,and
consequently they have been, as I have heard
some of their own members say, worked almost
to death. They have not the physical power to
fiame one of these bills in a day. Many of those
persons who wiite articles for newspapers sup-
pose that the framing of a revenue bill is a matter
that can be done m a very shoi t time. When the
internal revenue bill of two years ago was before
the Senate Committee on Financc, I think we
heard between one hundred and fifty and two
hundred committees representing the various
trades and occupations all over the United States.
The amount of time and examination and detail
necessaiy in preparing one of these bills is far
beyond what any gentleman who is not accus-
tomed to the matter would think. In regard to
the single question of the tax upon whisky on
hand, we were compelled to hear citizens from
