20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 7,
38m Goxci..1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
order that the Government shall not be deprived
of its l^gal quota of properly educated naval offi-
cers, by reason of the insurrection.
For a period the pressure for trained officers
was so great that volunteer appointments were
conferred on those who left the Academy and the
regular, service, but the example and- influence
were thought to be unfavorable, and the practice
was therefore discontinued. No appointments of
thisiiescription have knowingly been made during
the current year.
- The. animal board of visitors for the Naval
Academy for 18J>3 convened at Newport, Rhode
Island, on the 18th of May, and were engaged
until the 1st of June in witnessing the examina-
tion of the several classes of midshipmen and in
inspecting the police and management of the in-
stitution. In consideration of the importance of
the Academy to the public service, and the interest
naturally felt in its management, it wus thought
proper to associate some gentlemen in civil life
irom different parts of the country with the naval
officers upon the board of visitors, and the board
was accordingly composed of Rear Admiral L.
M. Goldsborough, fions. Edward Everett and
Charles Eames, Sidney Brooks, Esq., Commo-
dore H. K. HofT, C. XI. Cathcart, and Jacob
Butler, Esqs.,and Commodore R. B. Hitchcock.
In their full and carefully considered report, the
members of the board unanimously expressed a
high and even unanticipated degree of satisfaction
with the accommodations of the students, both on
shipboard atid on shore, with the organization of
the commissariat and supply departments, with the
sanitary regulations of the establishment, and ita
discipline and government, and with the various
professional exercises of the midshipmen afloat
and ashore. From what they saw of the Held ex-
ercises, they were convinced that ample instruc-
tion is given and adequate proiiciency acquired at
the institution to enable the young officers to train
and command crews of seamen for efficient co-
operation with a military force of infantry or ar-
tillery on land, and in the practical departments
of professional education the instruction given
to the students, and the skill exhibited by them,
merited their highest commendation.
They regard the whole system of superintend-
ence, police, and discipline under the present man-
agement of the institution us one of its most ad-
mirable features, and cvidenco was presented to
them showing theabundant wilhngnessof the au-
thorities ol the city of Newport to cooperate with
thegovernmentof the Academy in the endeavor to
remove the temptations which are apt to bes^tthe
footsteps of youth. In their personal intercourse
witii the students, the board say that they were
much impressed by their habitually gentlemanlike
mnnners and well-bred style of dcrneunor.
In the removal of the Academy temporarily to
the quarters at Newport, it ia the opinion of the
board there has been no perceptible diminution of
its efficiency or the good order of its discipline.
The quartering of the students on shipboard dur-
ing at (east the first year of their attendance is ap-
proved of, and is said to possess unquestionable
advantages in the management of the institution.
In ihegtmeral plan and organisation of the Acad-
emy, the board think it will eompaie favorably
with the best naval schools in the world.
Several recommendations are made by the board,
and among them,provision for thorough instruc-
tion, both theoretical and practical, in steam en-
gineering. Upon an invitation from the munici-
pal authorities of Newport, they visited Coaster's
Harbor Island, which has been offered by that city
to the Government as a permanent sue for the
Naval Academy. Without expressing an opinion
as to the expediency of permanently removing the
Academy from Annapolis, the board deemed it
proper to say, that in the event of such removal,
they considered the island in question admirably i
adapted for the purpose indicated. j
Upon the occasion of the delivering of diplo- '
mas to the graduating class, the Hon. Edward |
Everett, at the lequestof the superintendent and 1
officers of the Academy, and at the instance of
his associates, addressed a public valedictory !
discourse to the assembled classes, which, in its
comprehensive and statesmanlike appreciation of [
the position and influence of the institution, its I
patriotic spirit, and characteristic eloquence, can-
not but have a salutary influence, and at the re-
quest of the board it has been published.
ordnance.
The present condition of our naval ordnance,
as presented in the report of the chief ad interim
of that bureau, will be read with interest. It ex-
hibits a gratifying advance in that department of
the service since the commencement of the rebel-
lion, and furnishes evidence that in general effi-
ciency we are in a condition to maintain a stand-
ing at least equal to that of any other Power.
Aided by private enterprise, the necessities of the
country, which weregreat, have been surmounted,
and, dispensing with the old artillery to which we
for a time were compelled to resort, our naval ves-
sels have now an armament worthy of the ser-
vice.
The suggestions embraced in the report of the
Chief of Ordnance are commended to the consid-
eration of Congress, and those which relate to the
magazines and a gunnery ship are entitled to spe-
cial regard.
prizes.
The number of vessels captured by the squad-
rons and reported to the Department to the 1st of
November is 1,045, classified as follows: schoon-
ers, 547; steamers, 179; sloops, 131; brigs, 30;
barques, 26; ships, 15; yachts and small boats,
117. This is exclusive of a large number de-
stroyed on the Mississippi and other rivers and
on the coast. A table giving their names, dates
of cupture, and other particulars, is appended to
this report.
At the close of the war of 1812 there were 301
vessels, including armed gunboats and tenders,
in the Navy, and the entire number of captures
of armed, and unarmed vessels made by them was
291. Five hundred and seventeen commissioned
privateers wore afloat dining the war, and then-
captures numbered 1,428—making the total num-
ber of cap tut us by public and private vessels 1,719.
^ The value of prizes sent to the courts for adju-
dication since the blockade was established is hot
less than $13,000,000. The value of those al-
ready condemned, and of which notice has been
received at the Department, ih #0,538,683 40; the
expenses have been $007,407 04, leaving for dis-
tribution $5,897,970 3G, as appeals by the fol-
lowing table:
£ 5! fi 2 5! a
2 S | 3 £ 3 S
g o i, ,, g '1 3
El • s <! tr s
«3 t £ a ■
• 'i> *a -j
: • o r rr ?r .
:
1
Ol
-U M VI CO k-i
w- o CO
No. ot'ease?-.
V*
Ot
CO
CX)
"en
8S
©
^  
<0 6 ffi y 8
J- l-> i*/ O OD
© O to JV lO CO
J-,' w cr> io
  w U A W ii
0> to -.J ►—
oc to £ d & Ci
O
go
' E
s
©
o
-0
s
_ f k- *3 C0
* w p £ 2 f,
58 c| @ cs m
© >- © tc (p
t S 8 g S £
O
*2
O J.
5 ■ 
a:
ra
M
IS
8
s
©
8
J" .i-1
7> « £ 3 § 8
O O -.J O
© U5 o Ci "t-
§< to to £5 & o
§ g S 3 £ ^
-3
s p
tl
fa j
One half of the net proceeds arising from the
iwle of prizes is by law set apart as a fund for
the payment of naval pensions. The pension-
roll on the 6th of November last amounted to
$152,812 55, and the estimated increase during
tii.' tymaining eight months of the fiscal year is
$32,570. The moiety of prize money dt dicated
as a pension fund, and now accumulating, should
ho made a permanent investment in registered
j Government securities. Were such the case, it is
] believed that the annual interest would be suffi-
cient to meet all liabilities for naval pensions. At
least $2,500,000 can now be invested without in-
terfering with the prompt payment of pensions.
I recommend that the fund now on hand br made
permanent, and that hereafter, whenever the
amount shall reach $100,000, at least one half
shall be invested in registered Government securi-
ties bearing six per cent, interest.
bounties for destruction of enemies ' vessels.
The fourth section of the "Act for the better
government of the Navy," approved July 17,
1862, provides " that a bounty shall be paid by
the United States for each person on board any
ship or vessel of war belonging to an enemy at
the commencement of an engagement, which shall
be sunk or otherwise destroyed in such engage-
ment by any ship or vessel belonging to the Uni-
ted States, or which it may be necessary to destroy
in consequence of injuries sustained in action, of
§100, if the enemy's vessel was of inferior force,
and of $200 if of equal or superior force; to be
divided among the officers and crew in the same
manner as prize money."
Since the enactment of this law there have been
repeated oases in which the right to the bounty
has accrued to the officers and crews of vessels
of the Navy, particularly on the western waters;
but there being no appropriations to which the
expenditure could properly be charged, the claims
to the bounty have remained unsettled, and the
iust expectations of those entitled to the reward
have been disappointed. The amount necessary
to pay the claims which haveaccrued would piob-
ahly not exceed $250,000; and it is desirable that
an eaily provision be made for the paymentof this
iust debt. In the event ofan appropriation for the
purpose, a board willbe appointed by theDepait-
ment for the examination of the claims, or they
may be ascertained in any other manner which
■ Congress may be pleased to direct.
! rriiZE law.
| The interest of the naval service in the distri-
! bution of prize money, and the duties imposed by
law upon this Department in that connection, have
necessarily drawn itsattention to the presentstate
of our legislation upon the whole subject. His
not doubtful, in my judgment, that some modifi-
I cation of existing laws, and some additional kgis-
j lation in relation to prize proceedings and thedis-
i tiibution of the proceeds of piizes, are necessary,
j The several statutes now m force upon the subject
! appear to have been, in some of their provisions,
' hastily drawn, and they certainly fail to embody
and cany into effect, with due promptness and
convenience, a consistent and well-defined public
policy. It is my purpose, at an early day, to
communicate to Congiess, thiough its appropriate
committee, the *iews which I entertain as to the
d(fects of our present laws m relation to prizes,
and to suggest such remedy in legislation as the
i interests oi the public service seem to lequire.
| fleet engineers and paymasters.
| The large increase of our naval force, and the
| organization and size of squadrons, have made
] it necessary to detail certain officers to "duty for
| which no legal provision has been made. By the
j act of 1828, the appointment of a suigeon of a
| fleet was authorized. At that time there was not
t a steam vessel in the Navy, whereas we have
I now few others. Under this change the necessity
of a fleet engineer is, to say the least, quite as
urgent as that of fleet surgeon. A fleet pay master
is also required for each of the squadrons, and
will contribute to true economy, and the correct
management of the financial and property ac-
counts of the squadrons. As the express Ingal
authorization of these officers, who arc now de-
tailed by regulation of the Department, will cause
no increase of salary, I would invite the required
legislation to sanction the appointment of a fleet
engineer and fleet paymaster for the respective
squadrons.
The appointments of acting assistant pay-
masters provide for an existing necessity, but it
will be advisable to increase the corps of regular
paymasters above the present limited number,
either now or on the general reorganization which
must fake place at the close of hostilities.
