THE C0NG8ES
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CQNGJRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTOi>T,. T). C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY* JUNE 2, 1864.
Njbiv Series .'....No. 165.
INFORMATION FROM THE ARMrES.
Mr, JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested as
soon as he receives information from the armies of the Uni-
ted States to communicate the same to the Senate during
its present session, when in his opinion such information
can be^given without injury to the public interest.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. H. No. 426) to create an additional supervising in-
spector of steamboat*, and two local inspector* of steam-
boat* for the collection district of Memphis, Tennessee,
and two local inspectors for the collection district of Ore-
gon, and for othci puiposes, having met, alter full and free
conference have agreed to recommend and do recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from their first amendment.
That the House recede tiom their disagreement to the
second amendment of the Senate, and agiee to the same.
Z. CHANDLEU,
J. W. NESMITH,
Manugers on the part of the Senate,
E. B. VVASHBURNE,
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
W. A. HUTCI1INS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
The consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 405)
to provide internal revenue to support the Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes, was resumed as in Commit-
tee of the Whole; the pending question being on
the amendment proposed by Mr. Wilson to add
the following as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That a tax of one
half of one per cent, shall be levied and paid, according to
bucU forms and tegulauons as may bo proscribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasuty, upon the gross amount of
all sales of goods, waies. merchandise, produce, live-stock,
sailing and ^te:im vessels ol all descriptions, and other ar-
ticles of commerce or tiade, whether foreign oi domestic,
excluding com, and gold and silver uumanufacluied, and
including real estate, whether su«h sale be judicial, public,
or puvate,nnd whether made by the owner or his agent, or
by any officer of the law, which shall be paid in the man-
ner m this act provided: by the owner, when &uuh bale i 
made by him; by the owner or agent, as shall be provided
by regulation of the Secretary of the Treasury, when such
sale shall be made by an agent, commission merchant, or
bioker; by a guardian or commissioner or other oificer of
the Invv, when such sale shall be made by or for him; by
the parlies selling, when the nam*' of the owner is not dis-
closed: Provided, That any officer of the law shall have
the right to add to the taxable costs of the proceedings the
amount of tax duo upon such sale, and to demand and re-
ceive the same before executing or delivering possesion
or evidence of title to the purchaser: P  o vided also, That
no tax shall be levied or required on sales of such peisonal
propeltym any month in which the amount of salt's shall
be less than $100: Provided, That in case of all sales of ieal
estate, and on all sales of personal piopeity, made by guar-
dians, commissioners, sheriffs, marshals, or other officeis
of the law, the said tax shall be levied without limitation
in the amount of sales.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Finance
have considered thia bill carefully, have made
several amendments to it, and it is now before us
subject to further amendments, It is understood
that the needs of the country require that we
should raise from three to four hundred million
dollars a year by internal taxation. I have read
the bill with some little caie.and I have conversed
with gentlemen who, I think, understand the sub-
ject quite well, and 1 believe that this bill will not
raise within a hundied or a hundred and fifty
million dollars of the amount of money that the
country requires should be now raised. I think
that some of the best minds of the country be-
lieve this bill will not raise over two hundred or
two hundred and twenty-five million dollars.
Mr. FOOT. What is the Senator's estimate
of the amount that will be produced by the tax
on sales which he proposes?
Mr. WILSON. 1 think this half per cent, tax
on sales will bring us from a hundied to a hun-
died and fifty millions. I think we ought not to
allow this bill to go from the Senate unless we
are very sure that it will give us §350,000,000
165
of revenue. There has never been a time in the
history of the country when we could pay tixefc
better than at the present time. We can pay taxes
much better now than we can when we Shall have
peace. We have more than seven hundred'mil-
lion of money in circulation. Labor is high,
skilled labor in all parts of the country especially
high; many men employed in mechanical pursuits
are receiving three or four dollars a day. The
cost of living, it is true, is very high; but this great
cost of living has been brought upon the country
because we have not raised revenue enough and
haveexpanded the currency. We should be bet-
ter off now if during the past two years we had
paid treble the taxes provided for in this bill. I
believe the people ofthe country will make money
by putting on a tax that will pay the interest on
our public debt and at least one half of all our an-
nual expenses. We shall all save money by it,
because by that means, and by that means alone,
we can keep down the redundancy^ of the cur-
rency. We have passed gold bills without effect;
all expedients have failed and will fail. We have
hoped that General Grant's victories would bring
down gold, but gold goes up in the face of our
victories. If Lee's army should capitulate this
day gold would keep up to an enormous standard
until we reduced the $700,000,000 of paper cur-
rency now in circulation to at least three hundred
and fifty or four hundred million.
The rate of taxation I propose oti sales maybe
too high, but I have no doubt it will give us at
least $100,000,000, and it is believed that it is an
easy way to raise a large revenue. Many of the
best practical men of the country believe in this
system, and have always advocated it. I see no
inconsistency in adding it to the system embodied
in thia bill.
1 am in favor of another amendment, which 1
intend to propose, and that is in regard to the ex-
emption of §600 incomes, under cover of which a
large majority of all the incomes in the country
pay no tax, under which some of the most inde-
pendent men in the country pay no income tax.
I think we should exempt the earnings of men en-
gaged as laborers and in mechanical pursuits un-
der say $600; but to men who own property, who
own farms, who employ others, we should not
make this exemption. Thousands find hundieds
of thousands of the most independent men in the
country pay no income tax at all under your law,
and whole communities go without paying any
income tax.
Theie are some other provisions in this bill,
and especially those increasing the compensation
of the officers, to which I object. [ have a table
which shows .that the increase of salaries by this
bill as it now stands is §547,000. I hope we shall
do nothing ofthe kind. 1 believe the salaries are
sufficiently high now. We ought not to add a
dollar except to the Commissioner. I think we
should pay him a good salary, and demand the
first mind of the country to administer thisgreat
department of our Government.
If Senators think the half per cent, on sales
proposed by my amendment is too large, they can
make it one fourth per cent.; but I believe that if
we add this amendment to the other provisions of
the bill we can raise three hundred and fifty or
four hundred million dollars, and all the interests
of the countiy will be promoted by it; and every-
body who has got anything or hopes to get any-
thing, and everybody who desires to live within
his means, will be benefited by this increased
taxation, for it will reduce the redundant circu-
lation that is now carrying up the prices of every-
thing to an enormous rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The great objection to a
tax on sales is that it will put upon the tax-du-
plicate nearly every able-bodied citizen of the
United States, and perhaps about one fourth or
one fifth of the women of the country. It will be
a tax very difficult to be collected and very ex-
pensive in its collection. It will very materially
cheek the transfer of property by levying a tax
upon property passing from hand to hand rapidly
many timesin the course of a year. For instance,
the crop of wheat in its ordittary course-, ift pass-
ing from' produce* to* consumer, goes' through *at
least four or five different channels: Ml clogs in
the way of trade are injurious. ' ' '
Besides, a tax of thiskirid wohldmake a neces-
sity for more than doubling yoOr artay of office-
holders, and'would add very largely to the ex-
pense. 1 A tax on sales could not De collected, in
my judgment, for less than one tenth of what it
would yield. When applied to auction sales,
or sales by merchandise brokers, the only classes
of sales included in our tax law, it may be col-
lected, because auctioneers and brokers sell in
large quantities in the cities, and can be reached;
but when you apply the tax on sales to the #hole
country, extending to the produce of the farm, to
the produce of the shop, and to all the various
transactions of business, you s6 multiply the tax
that you have not the machinery to-collect itunder
this bill. I would vote for a general tax on sales
if it could be fairly executed, but as I am satisfied
it cannot be, I cannot vote for this amendment.
I agree With what the Senator from Massachu-
setts has said as to the necessity of taxation. I
believe that this bill is inadequate to produce'what
is absolutely necessary for the wants of the Gov-
ernment. The estimated yield under it is $250,-
000,000. it may yield that after a year or two,
but it probably will not in the first year. We
know by the experience of the present tax law
that it did not yield one half the estimate at first,
and it is probable thivt during the first year this
tax law will not yield so largely as has been esti-
mated. In my judgment, the true way to raise
the amount necessary is to assess the tax so that
the persons who are to pay it will be as few as
possible. If the Senator will propose to increase
the tax on manufactured articles fixed in the
ninety-third section of the bill, to double or even
quadruple the tax on manufactures, it will yield
twice or three times the amount of the tax on
sales and will be collected from comparatively
few persons. If a tax of twenty or twenty-five
per cent, is levied on manufactures, it will be
mostly paid in the manufacturing States, but it
will be added to the cost of the articles rtnd will
be finally collected from the consumers. Ex-
perience has taught in England and France and in
our own country that a large tax on manufac-
tures, which is collected in the first instance from
comparatively few persons, can be levied at less
expense than any other, and is finally dissem-
inated among the people in the least offensive
form. I do not know any way in which you can
tncrease the taxes proposed by this bill unless
you increase the tax on manufactured goods. If,
therefore, the Senate really feels that the amount
provided for by this bill is not sufficient, the only
way in my judgment—every Senator must form
his own opinion—is to levy a tax on manufac-
tures sufficiently high to raise the requisite sum
of money. The reduction of the currency and
the addition of twenty or thirty percent, to the tax
on manufactures would yield the money we need.
A tax of even fifty per cent, on manufactures
would only add one half to the cost of the articles;
it would riot add as much to the cost of the articles
now consumed in this country as the inflation of
paper has already added. Itcjuldbe readily col-
lected first from the manufacturers in very large
sums, and finally from the people when they con-
sume the articles. I have conversed with many
manufacturers ill the eastern States—nearly all of
them are in the eastern States—and they do not
object to it. As a general rule, they make a
profit on the tax because they not only add the
tax itself to the price of their goods, but they add
a reasonable profit on the tax besides.
I think, then, that if the Senator has convinced
the Senate that the bill is not sufficient to raise
the money neccssary, the mode which he pro-
poses is not the proper one to accomplish the
object, because it is expensive, troublesome, and
burdensome. It will put on the tax-duplicate at
least one million persons. A tax on sales would
extend to every employment of life. It would
be a tax most difficult and expensive in its col-
