2626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
lection, and ii would be very often evaded, and
would tead: to sham sales, it would destroy all
those intermediate agents through whom sales
are made, brokers, factors, and all those men
whose operations tend to keep down prices.
I will only say further that in case the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
adopted, the machinery of this biU, in my judg-
ment, is not sufficient to execute it. Instead of
one'assistantassessorfor each county in the west-
ern States, you must have many more. The
.amendment, if I understand it correctly,extends
to all agricultural productions; probably it is right
that it should; there is no reason why a tax
should not extend to agricultural productions as
well as other productions; but the effect will be
to put every farmer in the country on the tax-du-
plicate, and you will have to assess the amount
of his production and the amount of his sales.
A portion of his productions are converted into
hogs and sold in that shape, and so on. It will
be very difficult indeed to assess such a tax with-
out at least as many tax officers as there are now
under State laws, one for every township in the
United States. It will be a task so difficult that
I think any one would be deterred from doing it.
It is not a proper mode of taxation. The proper
mode is to reach those articles which will pay
the largest tax, and let the tax be distributed af-
terwards on the consumption of the articles taxed.
If I am correctly informed, no nation has ever
attempted a tax on sales. England has not tried
if; France bus not attempted it; and that very
fact is a reasonable argument against our attempt-
ing the experiment now.
Mr. WILSON. Early in the war one of the
most practical men in the country, Mr. Bigelow,
of Boston, came here and pressed upon Congress
this plan of raising revenue. He thought it was
a practicable measure. I had consulted with
many other manufacturers and business men,
who believe the plan practicable. Still 1 know
that it will not do to rely entirely upon the judg-
ment of business men or of bankers m dealing
with these questions, for they differ very much in
opinion, and I think we have found sometimes
that they have changed their opinions very often.
The Senator from Ohio says that this amend-
ment, if adopted, will require the addition of an
immense number of Government officials. That
certuinly is a very great objection, for I think we
have quite too many of them now. I am very
anxious, however, to adopt some plan that shall
raise more revenue than I think can be raised by
this bill. I am willing to carry the taxes upfrom
five lo seven per cent., arid to increase the duty
on whisky and tobacco, and I think we ought to
do it. At any rate, I think wo ought to meet the
question now, and make a bill that we am sure
will give us from three to four hundred million
dollars during the next year. We want the
money and we want it now. A hundred million
dollars is of more consequence to us now, prob-
ably, than it ever lias been at any other period
during the war, or perhaps ever will be to us again.
I shall not, however, urge this amendment. I
know some very excellent men, whose opinions
are entitled to great weight, who think that this
is a practicable measure; and it did seem to me
that with our present organization under this bill
we could, with some increase) of officers, enforce
this provision, and raise out of it the money ne-
cessary to make up the sum that I think we all
admit we ought to raise.
Mr. FES^JENDEN. My friend from Ohio has
stated in brief and very clearly the objections to
this mode of taxation, I do not propose to repeat
them, as I hope we shall get along with as little
talking as possible. I will only say m addition that
this measure was proposed two years ago, when
we made the original tax bill. It was urged with
a good deal of vehemence by the gentleman al-
luded to,and by some others. It was thoroughly,
and I will say exhaustively, examined by the
committees of both branches of Congress, and it
was also uigod,I think, in both branches of Con-
gross on motion. The committees came to the
conclusion Uinost with entire unanimity that the
thing was utterly impracticable,especially m thi.i
form. The only mode in which we could get at
a tax on sales, and the mode that was proposed
by the gentleman alluded to, was by a system of
stamp duties, requiring a stamp on every package
jtoid. That was also found to involve such seri-
ous difficulties that it was also deliberately aban-
doned. i should be very glad if anything could
be made out,of it; I should be very glad to find
any sources of revenue which we could appeal
to to raise the increased amount of money we
have to raise, but I am satisfied this is not one of
them; and I feel, therefore, having once thor-
oughly examined the subject, and it having been
so maturely and carefully considered and delib-
erately rejected, as no new light whatever is af-
forded us, and no new scheme proposed by which
it can be carried into effect, to still object to it as
impracticable, and involving difficulties that are
too great for us to surmount. It may be that I
am in error about it; I am apt to be mistaken
about a great many things; but if I am mistaken
I err in common with almost every man who has
examined the subject of taxation. The system
that has been found the most practicable is that
the subjects of taxation should be as few as pos-
sible; that as far as possible the taxes should be
laid and laid severely upon luxuries; and some
things must be so considered which are in general
and almost universal use. If we are obliged to
enlarge that list we should enlarge it as little as
possible, and upon articles where the tax can best
be laid, and where the collection can be most
easily and most securely enforced.
These are the principles upon which the bill is
framed. The bill covers a vast number of arti-
cles as it is. I should like it better if we could
reduce the number, but I see no way to do that.
We have resorted toalmost everything that could
be thought of. We even propose to add ice, not
that it is likely to yield a large revenue, but I give
it as an instance. I should be glad to go further;
but I assure my friend from Massachusetts that
if his amendment should prevail i should not have
the slightest hope or expectation that it would be
adopted by the other branch; it would create a
division. It is introducing in a short section an
entire new system, which would need a great
many details in order to render it effective. I
think, therefore, it is unwise, aud I should advise
that it be not done.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the amendment
under the circumstances.
The PRESi DING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The amendment is withdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. I have an amendment. I pro-
pose in section fifteen to strike out all after the
word " income^" in the ninth line, to the word
"and," in the twelfth line, and to insert:
Do not exceed the sum of ,$600, and be not derived from
compensation lor actu.il pi-n-oual iatior or services person-
ally rendered in mechanical pursuits, n duly of three per
cent.; and on all incomes, over $600, and not exceeding
$10,000, five per cent.
The words which t propose to strike out are:
Exceed the sum of £600, a duty of five per cent, on the
excess over $600 and not exeeeding$10,000.
Under the provision exempting $600, more than
half arid I think nearly two thirds of all the in-
comes in the United States pay no tax. Some of
the most independent men of the.country, men
who have possession of houses and lands, of flocks
and herds, who employ other persons to work for
them, who have families that they support in in-
dependence, pay no income tax whatever. An
! examination of the income tax returns show that
the incomes of the country do not pay the tax
they ought to pay. I am willing to exempt the
products of a man's personal labor if he woiks on
a farm or as a laborer or as a mechanic and earns
| under $600 a year. I am willing to let that go to
i support hi« family.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose he is a lawyer
or a doctor?
Mr. GRIMES. Or a preacher.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think lawyers and doctors
and preachers ought to pay their income tax as
the rest of us pay ours.
Mr. COWAN. 1 ask the Senator what he
would do in the case ofa widow living on a dower
of less than $600 or an orphan child that had a
distributive share yielding less than §600.
Mr. WILSON. I am against making exemp-
tions of persons who have property or possess in-
comes not earned by then own toil. If persons
labor, 1 am willing to make the exemption; but I
do not believe in tlnssystem of exemption. The
facts are before us; the results show that whole
townships do not pay a dollar of income tax, or
that but one or two men pay it—whole farming
communities pay not a 4oilar.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator whether the very men whose incomes are
less than $600 do not pay almost all the taxes of
the country, from the fact that they are the con-
sumers of the products which are taxed.
Mr. WILSON. No, sir, they do not pay al-
most all the taxes. That is a very great error
which is prevalent in the country. The work-
ing men of my State, of New England, of New
York, who labor for a living in our various me-
chanical and manufacturingpursuitsjourmcchan-
ics who work for wages and never employ others,
pay three times as much tax for the support of
this Government as the farmers of any part of
the country. There are many laboring men, men
who labor for others for wages, who pay toivard
the support of the Government three times as
much as farmers living by their side worth their
thousands. Every man knows this who knows
anything about the subject. Talk not to me
about the farming communities paying the taxes
on our imports or our internal productions. The
communities who have to buy with their laborall
that supports them pay the greater proportion of
the taxes.
Senators say that we in the manufacturing
States do not pay the taxation. I tell you, sir,
that the commercial and manufacturing States
pay three or four times as much tax on the con-
sumption both on foieign and domestic products
under the tariff laws and under your system of
internal taxation as do the communities that are
engaged in farming. It is so m the towns in our
own States. In some towns the people engaged
in mechanical or manufacturing occupations pur-
chase everything they consume; in other towns
the people engaged in farming purchase hardly
anything. In townsof great wealth where there
arc rich farmers they buy but very little compared
with the poor men who live in commercial, man-
ufacturing, and mechanical towns.
If this amendment of mine be adopted, all per-
sons receiving under $600, with the exception of
those who earn that much by labor or in some
mechanical pursuit, will pay three per cent, on
their incomes, and all persons having incomes
from $600 to $10,000 will pay five per cent. The
bill provides that all incomes above $10,000 shall
pay seven and a half per cent. That, I believe,
we have settled upon.
All over this country there is a great deal of
cheating in regard to the income tax. I was told
the other day of some seven or eight gentlemen
in one of the most wealthy towns of New Eng-
land who met together one fine morning in the of-
fice of the assessor and assessed themselves. One
of them said to another, " Your income, I sup-
pose, is aboutsix thousand dollars a year." He
answered, " Yes, about that." To another it was
said," Yours is about four thousand dollars;" and
to another, u Yours is about three thousand dol-
lars," and so on. They made out theirincomes
in that way; and the man who had his income put
down at $6,000 had really an income of from forty
to fifty thousand dollars, and the others in propor-
tion. It is so all over the country. Men who have
large incomes are returning their incomes reduced
in every way; and some menarc absolutely chang-
ing their places of residence to escape paying this
income tax. We have that abuse at one end', and
at the other we have the great mass of our coun-
trymen receiving under$600 exempt from paying
anything. I am opposed to this system. Ex-
empt as few as possible, and see to it that the large
incomes are taxed as they should be.
Mr. CLARK. 1 have not any doubt thatsome
people of large wealth do avoid the proper pro-
portion of their tax; nor have I any doubt that
under any system which we may frame some will
do it. The fault may be somewhat in the law,
but in my judgment it is very much more in the
breast of the individual, and if he is disposed to
cheat the Government he will contrive some way
to do it. That, however, is no argument why
we should not make the bill as perfect as possible
to reach all classes of persons, and to reach all
property. But it seems to me that the Senator
from Massachusetts is not directing his amend-
ment to what he wants to obtain. He proposes
here m this amendment to provide thatunless the
person has earned the $600 with his own hands
in some mechanical employment he shall not be
exempt from this tax. What is the theory on
which the exemption goes? That the man needs
