APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
38xif Cong. .1st Sess
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
the timfcs; that it has done and is doing heroic
service in a great and sacred cause, and that its
force is wielded by a body of officers and men who
have established the highest claim.tp the gratitude
of their country.
\ GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
To tiie President.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
DEPARTJ&fcNT OP THE INTERIOR,
Washington, December 5,1863-
Sir:-I have the honor to inform you that man-
uscript copies of the several reports and accom-
panying documents from the bureau and other
subordinate offices of this Department for the cur-
rent your, which it has hitherto been customary
to communicate to the two Houses of Congress
with the anuual message, have been placed in the
hands of the Superintendent of the Public Print-
ing, in obedience to the requirements of the joint
resolution " to expedite the printingof thePiesi-
dent's message and accompanying documents,"
approved the 3d of March, 1863.
For information in detail as to the operations
of the public land system, reference is made and
attetttiott specially invited to the comprehensive
and able report ot the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office. It will be seen from it that the
quantity of land disposed of during the last fiscal
year, for cash, by the location of bounty land
warrants,as swompand overflowed land, lor rail-
road purposes* arid under the homestead law, was
2,966 69fci.43 acres, as against 1,377,922 acres dis-
posed of during the previous fiscal year, and
during the first quarter of the picsent fiscal year
874,850.6G acres, making the entire quantity thus
disposed of during the period named 3,841,549.09
acres. The increase arises chiefly from the oper-
ation of the homestead law, under which alone
1,45(5,514.96 acres were taken up since the 1st of
January, 1863, when it took effect.
The revenue derived from the sale of the public
hinds during the last fiscal year amounted to $136,-
077 95, bemoan increase of j! 1,029 65 over the
|iu v :->us fiseal year. During the quarter ending
34.Jth September last the s.iles amounted to $.90,-
000 55, which is §77,662 59 more than was real-
ized during the quarter ending September 30,1862.
The rapid increase now observable in the sales
of the public lands affords additional evidence of
the enure confidence of the people in the stability
of the Government, and that the industrial re-
sources of the nation have not been materially
diminished, notwithstanding the immense armies
it has placed in the field.
Noaubjectcommitted to the management of this
Department is of greater importance than that of
the public lands, nor has any been more prolific
of legislation. Congress, at an early period, rec-
ognized the expediency and importance of the
speedy settlement of the public domain, and of a
liberal policy towards the actual settler. The pru-
dence and wisdom of the system thus early inau-
gurated, and which has finally culminated in the
enactment of the homestead law, are attested by
the vast extent of fertile country which has been
reclaimed and formed into now populous and
flourishing Slates, which contributcof the super-
abundance of their agricultural and mineral pro-
ductions to the necessities of the earlier settled
portions of the countiy and to foreign nations.
The progress being made in the gigantic experi-
ment of a railway to unite still more closely the
States on the Atlantic to those on the Pacific will
soon attract settlements along its entire route, and
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, with
wise forecast, has, with the approbation of the
Department, slightly increased the usual survey-
ing estimates, in order to meet the exigencies
which will thus be created.
In order to obtain the benefits of the act of
May 20, 1862, " to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain," certain prelimin-
ary acts are required to be performed before the
register or receiver for the district of lands in
which the settlement is proposed to be made by
the party applying in person. This requirement
of the law is thought to operate invidiously to-
wards persons who are engaged in the military
and naval service of the United States, and, to
remedy ihe evil, it is respectfully suggested that
the law might, with propriety, be so jar modified
as to permit the wife or other proper representative
of a person so employed in the public service to
take the requisite preliminary steps for the legal
inception of his claim. I also concur in the opinion
expressed by the Commissioner of Public Lands,
that it is expedient and proper to require persons
claiming the benefits of this law to pay the full
commissions of the register and receiver at the
time the entry is made, instead of deferring the
payment of one half thereof until the final issue
of the certificate, at the end of five years.
At the time of ihe discovery of the great min-
eral wealth of portions of the public domain the
nation was in the enjoyment of domestic tranquil-
lity and unrivaled prosperity, and could well af-
ford to throw open her rich mines of the precious
metals to the unrestricted enterprise of the world;
but having now been forced into a war for the
preservation of our national existence, as unex-
ampled in expense as in magnitude, the question
whether we can, in justice to other branches of
industry and enterprise, longer exempt this im-
mense sourceofindividual revenue from its equita-
ble share of the public burden, becomes of much
importance. A small tax upon the net profits of
the gold mines of the United States would hugely
increase the means of the Treasury; and as no
good reason seems to exist why the nation should
not, in its hour of need, derive some directassist-
ance from its extensive fields of gold and silver
mines, 1 earnestly press the consideration of the
subject with a view to that end.
'Ihe attention of Congress is also called to the
necessity of providing by law for the appointment,
of a surveyor general, and the establishment of a
district land office, in the Territory of Idaho.
In view of the disturbing causes that have ex-
isted, our relations with the various Indian tribes
are as favorable as could reasonably be expected.
The experience of the past few years, however,
clearly demonstrates the necessity of important
changes in the policy hitherto pursued towards
them.
While the regions of country occupied by the
Indians remained uninhabited by the whites, the
plan of setting apart separato reservations for dif-
ferent bands of the same tribe, or for small tribes
possessing similar habits and customs, and priv-
ileged to roam over common hunting grounds in
quest of the means of subsistence, as in Michigan,
Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, and Nebraska,
seemed wise and to promise success; but as the
country becomes settled, their dependence upon
game and the spontaneous productions of the
earth becomes more and more precarious, while the
necessity for their keeping within the limits of
their reservations increases. The Indians are thus
left without their accustomed resources, and in the
midst of n population with whose customs and
arts of life they are wholly unfamiliar. They
consequently become discouraged, and, looking
solely to their scanty annuities from the Govern-
ment, or to begging and pilfering, for the necessa-
ries of life, fall an easy prey to the sharpers and
whisky tradeis who gather around their reserva-
tions for the purpose of obtaining their moneys.
The smaller the reservation, the greater are the
facilities for the exeicise of this pernicious influ-
ence, and hence the necessity of concentrating
scattered bands and the smaller tribes of similar
habits, language, and customs, into as laigecom-
munities as possible, and their location upon the
more remote portions of the public domain. They
will soon become extinct unless they acquire the
arts of civilized life, and to this end it is indis-
pensably necessary to place them beyond the
reach of any influence save that of their agents,
teachers,and assistants. The vast emigration to
the newly discovered gold-bearing regions of the
interior has brought us into more immediate con-
tact with large and poweifu! tribes, with whom no
treaties other than those of amity have yet been
negotiated, and all the energies which the Depart-
ment can possibly exert in that direction will
scarcely be adequate to the pressing demands that
will be made upon itduring the next few years by
the exigencies of the Indian service in those re-
gions. Immediate steps should be taken to pie-
vent collision between them and our own people,
to provide suitable locations for the Indians, and
to induce them to settle upon them and engage in
the cultivation of the soil, and the rearing of do-
mestic animals, and in the mean time to furnish
them with such supplies as may be absolutely
necessary to prevent starvation. The number of
Indians under the direct supervision of the De-
partment is thus rapidly becoming larger than at
any former period, and the wisdom of anticipa-
ting this increased demand upon its resources by a
corresponding increase in the appropriations for
the Indian service, whether we are to be guided
by the principles of justice and humanity, or
economy, must be manifest to all.
Particular attention is also invited to the con-
dition of Indian affairs in California. That State
has hitherto been divided into two districts—the
northern and the southern—each underthe charge
of a superintending agent. There is no good rea-
son for continuing this arrangement, and on the
scoreofeconomyalone it oughttobeabolishedand
our Indian relations throughout the State placed
under the control of one superintendent.
The good of the service and the future welfare
of the Indians also imperatively demand the es-
tablishment of two reservations in the northern
part of the State—one near the coast, and the
other in the interior—of sufficient extent for the
accommodation of all the Indians in what is now
designated as the northern district, and at least
one suitable reservation for those in the southern
portion of the State. The necessity for these dff-
ieient reservations arises from the great dissimi-
larity that exists in the habits and customs of the
several tribes for whom they are intended.
The hostility of the powerful tribes of the
Apaches and Navajoes, mainly located in New
Mexico and Arizona, is such, that for the present
their management must be left chiefly to the mili-
tary branch of the Government; but measures
should be piomptly taken for the establishment
of suitable reservations for the other Indians in
those Territories, and for those now in hosiihty
to the United States, whenever they shall have
been properly subdued.
The unfoiLunate result of the effort made last
spring to return the refugee Cherokees to their
homes has largely added to the number of refu-
gees and greatly increased the expense of their
subsistence. This, together with the advance in
the prices of clothing and provisions, has so aug-
mented the expense of providing for them as to
exhaust the funds set apartfor that purpose, and
rendeis a further appropriation necessaiy. It is
doubtful whether tlie supplies needed could, even
now, be forwaided in time to prevent much suf-
fering, and hence the importance of as eat ly action
by Congress in the premises as may be practica-
ble.
The able report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs will be found to be replete with interest-
ing facts and judicious suggestions on the subjects
to which it lelates.
The number of revolutionary soldiers borne
upon the pension rolls had dwindled down to
eighteen on the 30th of June last, of whom only
ten had made application for theirstipendson the
4th of March. The number of widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers on the rolls, at the same period,
was 1,573. The whole number of Army invalid
pensioners on the rolls the 30th of June was 7,248,
most of whom were pensioned on account of
wounds received or disease contracted in the ser-
vice during the present war. The widows, orphans,
and dependent mothers of 3,573dcceased soldiers
of the present war were inscribed upon the rolls
during the last fiscal year, making the whole num-
ber of this class on the rolls at the close of the
year, 4,820. The number of Navy invalids on
the roils at the close of the year was 544, and the
number of widows, orphans, and dependent moth-
ers of deceased officers and seamen of the Navy,
577. The whole number of Army pensioners
added to the rolls during the last fiscal year was
7,582, and of the Navy, 316. The number of
Army pensioners, of all classes, on the rolls on the
30th June last was 13,659, and of the Navy, 1,132.
The payment of the former requires the sum of
$1,227,641 88, and the latter, $144,074 61 per
annum.
The remittances to the agents for paying pen-
sions have been so regulated according to law " as
