1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is an order of the War Department prohibiting
any person from wearing shoulder-straps unless
he is commissioned.
Mr. STEVENS. I believe he was nothing but
a doctor.
Mr. WHALEY. In conclusion, let me say that
I am in favor of taking every man if necessary,
old and young, white or black, bondman or free-
man, capable of bearing arms, for the purpose of
putting down this rebellion, becausel donot con-
sider this any longer a contest between the North
and the South, but between republican and mon-
archical institutions. There is already an attempt
to establish an empire on this continent. I am
in favor of taking white and black, bond and free
men; but I want to know whether or not these
black men are to be commissioned, and whether,
when law is established by an act of Congress, as
it was last session, it is to be respected or not.
Mr. STEYENS. I am afraid the gentleman
from West Virginiais a little too sensitive. J am
sorry a man of color should have good clothes,
[laughter;] but the Government does not issue
commissions to them. They allow black surgeons
to attend to black men who have the small-pox,
and the colored gentleman to whom he refers was
nothing more nor less than an innocent, harmless
surgeon.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 would ask the gentleman
if the military'law of this country allows any man
of any color to wear the insignia of an officer un-
less he is commissioned?
Mr. STEYENS. He was a surgeon, and noth-
ing else; and he had a right to wear the insignia
of a surgeon.
Mr. SMITH. Isnota surgeon an officer hold-
ing a commission?
Mr. STEYENS. He was nothing but a sur-
geon; he kills in another way; that is all. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EOUTWELL. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " shall be
commanded by white officers." I wish to say
that 1 am opposed to the whole amendment; not
that I have any particular anxiety upon the matter,
but I think it unwise for the Government to say
unnecessarily upon this matter what they will or
what they will not do. I suppose the policy of
the War Office at present is to organize colored
men into companies and regiments and brigades
as an exclusive class, and officer them by white
persons.
I cannot say what this war will develop as to
the capacity of the colored people upon this con-
tinent. 1, for one, am disposed to remove all're-
straints which exist in reference to this class of
people as far and as fast as we can; and I am
utterly opposed to instituting any new restraints
or ingrafting upon the statute-book arty proposi-
tion calculated to degrade or oppress this people.
If they show capacity, if they show ability, that
capacity and that ability ought to be recognized
and will be recognized. It is an imputation on
the white people of the country to say that in a
fair contest they are notable to maintain, socially,
intellectually, and morally, the ascendency. 1
am for a free struggle. If these four million
black people enter into this contest and make sac-
rifices for the maintenance of the institutions of
the country,they have a right to share in the
benefits of those institutions. Public service by
men capable of performing it is the right of the
people, black and white.
Sir, I am opposed to this amendment. I do not
offer any antagonistic proposition; but I say that,
so far as I am concerned, the field shall be open
to black men as well as to white. If, with the
ascondency which twenty-five million white peo-
ple have in a struggle with four millions of an
oppressed and degraded race, we are not able to
maintain the ascendency, then I say—surrender.
I believe we are able to maintain that ascendency;
but whatever positions these people show them-
selves capable of holding, with honor to themselves
and advantage to the country, never shall my vote
restrain them from obtaining.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered on the other side not because I differ
with the gentleman in his statement to the com-
mittee. 1 know that the system adopted by the
WarDepartmentfor the management of these col-
ored troops is precisely as he represents it. And
I have yet to ascertain that there is any reasona-
ble complaint on that account. These troops are
not only officered by white officers, but by offi-
cers who have undergone very close examination.
The consequence is that they have a good class
of officers. I have seen no disposition to depart
from that fixed policy of keeping whites to them-
selves and blacks to themselves, unless it be a
matter of taste outside of the Arriiy.
But the reason that I oppose the amendmentis
that I think it will interfere with what I propose
to do, and I will tell the committee what that is.
ft is not the wish of the Committee on Military
Affairs to. passover, section by section, the sub-
stitute which it has reported; but with the con-
sent of the committee 1 shall withdraw that sub-
stitute, with a view-of having it perfected and
offered in the House. It is the purpose of the
Committee on Military Affairs to embody in that
substitute all those amendments that have been
passed upon here, and that the committee has in-
dicated a purpose and wish to have incorporated
in the bill.
When I have thus offered the substitute in the
House I shall ask that the whole bill, with the
series of amendments adopted in committee, be
printed, and that alongwith them shall be printed
this substitute which I propose to offer to-morrow.
We can then adjourn, and have the whole matter
before us in print to-morrow.
Mr. BOUT WELL, by consent, withdrew his
amendment to the amendment.
The question recurring on Mr. Whaley's
amendment,
Mr. HOLMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken by division; and the
amendment was rejected.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in as an additional
section:
Jlnd beit further enacted, That in all eases where slaves
have hron heretofore enlisted in the military service of the
United States all the piovision* of this act, so far as the
payments of bounty ami compensation are provided, j-hall
be equally applicable «us well as to those who may liercalter
be reei uited.
Mr. Chairman, in the State of Missouri, under
the. order of the military commander of that de-
partment, the enlistment or recruiting of slaves
has been going on for the last three or four months,
and I suppose that three fourths of the whole
number ol slaves that will be procured for the
Army in that State have already entered the mili-
tary service. X do not know how far the provis-
ions of this bill as it stands without my amend-
ment are applicable to those slaves that have
already enlisted; but in oider to make that point
clear 1 have offered this additional section; that
all the provisions of the bid, so far as bounty
and compensation are concerned, shall apply to
those slaves who have already enlisted as well as
to those who shall hereafter enlist.
Mr. Chairman, it would be eminently unjust to
the loyal slaveholders of Missouri not to give
them nil the advantages that are conferred by this
bill, and the purpose of my amendmentis simply
to place them upon the same ground with the
loyal slaveholders whose slaves shall hereafter be
drafted or enlist. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to this amendment.
The amendment was adopted—ayes 52,noes 51.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose now to withdraw
the substitute which is pending in committee, and
that the committee rise for the purpose of offer-
ing another substitute in the House.
Mr. STEYENS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he proposes to allow an oppor-
tunity of amending his substitute in the House?
Mr. SCHENCK. That will be for the House
to determine. My intention is to ask for the
previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I object to the with-
drawal of the substitute in committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee can give
its consent to the withdrawal of the substitute if
it is its desire.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose it is competent
for us to dispose of it without going through it
section by section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
certainly no necessity for that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is unnecessary to consider the substitute section
by section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee riseand report the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN proceeded-to put" the
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that so long as any member desires to
offer an amendment the committee cannot rifte
and report the bill to the House,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was not aware
that any gentleman desired to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. X do not desire to offer an
amendment, but the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Hale] was upon the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. HALE. I submit the following as an ad-
ditional section:
Sec. —. JinA be it further enacted, That the pay of pri-
vates in the regular Army, volunteers, and drafted men in
the service of the United States, shall be eighteen dollara
per month, for three years from and alter the passage of this
act, and until otherwise fixed by law.
Mr. SCHENCIt. 1 rise to a question of order,
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
There is nothing in the bill about the pay of sol-
diers.
Mr. HALE. I offer it as an additional section,
and I think it is certainly germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it may
be received as an additional section.
Mr. SCHENCK. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that this provision is germane to a bill
which has nothing in it about the pay of soldiers?
The CHAIR. The Chair upon further con-
sideration thinks it is not germane.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COX. I renew it, fixing the sum at twenty-
five dollars a month.
Thc'CII AIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to rule the amendment out of order. So far
as it relates to drafted men the Chair will not now
say that it would not be in order, but in its refer-
ence to the volunteers and regular Army it is cer-?
tainly not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the proposition in
this form;
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the pay of pri-
vates drafted under the piovisions ofth is act shall be twenty
dollars p<*r month, for three years from and after the pas-
sage of this, act, and until otherwise fixed by Jaw.
Mr. SCHENCK!. I rise to a question of order.
I submit thatthe amendment is out«of order in the
shape in which it is now presented. There is noth-
ing about pay in this bill, and if an amendment of
this kind is admissible you might as well fix
everything relating to the rations and clothing and
all emoluments in this bill. I certainly think the
amendment is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be com-
pelled to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Chair will allow me to
state that the original act to which this is an
amendment contained a provision relating to the
pay of the men, and if it was in order in that bill
it certainly is in order in this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair- decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. COX. I take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair upon that point. 1 am very sorry to
do it, but I think the amendment is germane.
The question was taken on sustaining the de-
cision of the Chair, and the vote was announced
—ayes 64, noes 49.
Mr. COX called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered; and the decision of the
Chair was therefore sustained.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the com-
mittee do now lise.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I make the
point of order that it is not in order for the com-
mittee to lise and report the bill until every amend-
ment has been received.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who has any amend-
ment to offer?
Mr. BROWN,of Wisconsin. I have. I move
to add the following:
Jlnd be 11 juither enacted, That the President is author-
ized to offer such bounties to volunteers who may heieafter
be reqiiiied a-^ he shall deem expedient, not exceeding,
how ever, .^GOU for each, one half ot such bounties to be paid
in advance, and on<i half upon the final disehaige of th<5
soldier; and that ail proeeediujis under the draft be sus-
pended until it -hall have been ascertained by actual exper-
iment that «i sufficient mimberof volunteers' cannot be pro-
<• ured through the bounties hereby authorized; and that
the President, upon being convinced that volunteers cannot
so be obtained, may by proclamation resume pioceedings
under the draft.
