1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
38th CoNa....lsT Sbss.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. w Reps.
to prevent an undue accumulation of balances in
their hands."
During the year 602 bounty land warrants have
been issued, calling, in the aggregate, for 94,280
acres of land.
It appears from the Commissioner's report that
the whole amou nt of money expended by the Gov-
ernment for pensions to the close of the lastfiscal
year was ยง91,693,660 97, and that the quantity of
land granted for military and naval services was
65,896,142 acres, which, at 25 per acre, would
amount to $82,370,177 50.
Congress at the last session provided for an in-
crease of the clerical force of the Pension Office,
and I am happy in being able to say that it has
enabled the Comm issioner to d ispose of the greatly
increased amount of business thrown upon it with
satisfactory promptitude. During the first quar-
ter of the present fiscal year 7,162 claims were ad-
mitted, and a much largernumber examined and
suspended for further evidence.
The Commissioner estimates the whole number
of claims that will be admitted during the present
fiscal year at about 30,000.
The appointment of surgeons, as authorized by
the act of July 14, 1862, to make the biennial ex-
aminations of pensioners, and to examine appli-
cants for invalid pensions, has been attended with
marked advantage and saving to the Government.
For the information of the public and those more
immediately interested, the Commissioner has
embraced in his report the names of the surgeons
thus appointed in the several States, with their
post office address.
The act of 3d March, 1859, requiring the bien-
nial examination of invalid pensioners, prescribes
that the examinations shall bo made by two sur-
geons or physicians. The Commissioner is of
the opinion, in which I concur, that the examina-
tions will be as satisfactorily made by a single
surgeon regularljr appointed by the office, and
with less inconvenience to the parties interested,
and a modification of the law in this respect is
therefore recommended.
The increase of the Navy pension fund from
the sale of prizes amounts, at the present time, to
probably one and a half million dollars.
The old laws in relation to the Navy pension
fund seem to authorize and require the investment
of this money; hut as the question is not entirely
free from doubt, I recommend the passage of a
law authorizing the Department to invest the
amount which has been and may hereafter be de-
rived from the sale of prizes in Government bonds,
and apply the interest thereon to the payment of
Navy pensions, or that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized by law to credit this fund with
the interest which would semi-annually accrue
thereon, if so invested.
A decision has been given by the Department
in a case arising under the act of July 14, 1862;
and as it will furnish a rule of action for the Pen-
sion Bureau, in constantly recurring cases of a
like character, 1 beg leave to refer to it specially.
The second, third, and fourth sections of that
act make provision for the widow, children, de-
pendent mother, or orphan sisters, as the case
may be, of any officer or other person named in
the first section, who has died since the 4th day
of March, 1861, or who shall thereafter die, by
reason of any wound received or disease con-
tracted while in the service of the United States,
and in the line of duty. An officer of the Navy had
contrnetcd, under these circumstances, a disease
of which he died. Some months previous to his
death he tendered his resignation, as his declining
health, impaired by the disease, which ultimately
proved fatal, incapacitated him fur the efficient
discbarge of duty. His resignation was accepted.
The claim of his widow for a pension was re-
jected in the Pension Office, solely upon the ground
that he was not, nt the time of his death, in the
naval serviceoftheUnitedStates. Thecase was,
by appeal, brought before the Department.
Tiie action of the Pension Bureau conformed
to the construction which had been given to pre-
ceding acts of Congress grunting naval pensions.
Some of these acts expressly confined the right of
the claimant to cases wlicie the death of the offi-
cer occurted during the period of his service.
Other acts, such as that of 1813, and the second
section of the act of 1814, secure to the benefi-
ciaries, for a specific period, half of the monthly
pay to which the deceased was entitled at the time
of his death. The late Attorney Genera! Butler
decided that the death of an officer or seaman, be-
fore the expiration of his service, was not essen-
tial, under the latter acts, to the validity of his
widow's claim to a pension. He subsequently
withdrew that opinion, and, although considering
such a claim within the general equity of the sys-
tem, he came to a conclusion adverse to it under
those acts, owing to their peculiar phraseology,
and from the fact that Congress had given a con-
struction to them by the continuing acts of May
23, 1828, and June 28, 1832.
The act of 1862 does not, in direct terms, ex-
clude from its benefits the widow or other desig-
nated relatives of persons who, after their resig-
nation or discharge, shall die of wounds received
or disease contracted in the naval service, and in
the line of duty, nor does it determine the amount
of pension by the monthly pay of the deceased at
the time of his death. The latter provision would
seem to require that the connection of the de-
ceased with the service should subsist until his
death. By the uniform practice of the Pension
Bureau, under the existingact, a military pension
was granted to the relatives of the party, without
regard to the time of his death, if the claim in other
respects was free from objection. Uniformity in
the administration of the act is desirable, and a
settled interpretation of it should be adhered to,
unless it be manifestly wrong. Although, in the
former legislation of Congress, military and naval
pensions were granted under separate and inde-
pendent enactments, both classes of pensions are
provided for and placed upon the same footing by
the act under consideration. No distinction is
made between the two branches of the service. 1
could not sanction a decision making such a dis-
tinction, and I was satisfied that the action of the
Pension Bureau, in regard to military pensions,
was amply justified by the spirit, and was not in
violation of the letter, of the statute.
The effects and consequences of the opposite
construction are worthy of attention. According
to it, no provision is made for the bereaved and
often necessitous and helpless family of a deceased
party, who lias received a mortal wound or con-
tracted a fatal disease in the line of duty, if his
death occurred after the expiration of the period
of his service. Had the wound or disease inflicted
a disability, it is clear that, had he survived it, he
would have been entitled to a pension proportion-
ate to such disability. The ponsion would not
commence in any event until after his discharge.
Should the disabled and discharged soldier or sea-
man die after receiving his pension, or before es-
tablishing his claim to it, his relatives would be
excluded from the bounty of Congress, although
it could be shown by indisputable proofs that his
death was the direct and inevitable result of a
wound received on the field or the dock, from the
enemies of his country.
It seemed to me to be more in accordance with
the legislative intention to hold that the death of
a party,after his resignation or discharge, would
not be fatal to the claim of his widow or relatives
to a pension.
Should I have erred in this view, Congress can
apply the appropriate corrective in regard to future
cases.
1 would advise, however, that some limit should
be fixed by law, within which the death should
occur, to entitle the beneficiaries named in the sec-
ond and the following sections of the act to the
benefit of its provisions.
During the year ending 30th September last
5,133 applications and 811 caveats were received
at the Patent Officc. Twenty-nine applications
were filed for the extension of patents previously
granted. During the same peiiod 3,887 patents
were issued and 40 extensions granted. Quite a
diminution is observable in the number of claims
on which patents have been allowed, but not is-
sued, because of the non-payment of the final fee
within the time prescribed by law, the number
being about 370.
The balance in theTreasury to the crcditof the
patent fund on the 1st day of October, 1862, was
$48,157 21. The receipts of the office to Septem-
ber 30, 1863, amosunted'to $179,378 55* making its
entire resources for the year ^'^27,335 7i>. The
expenditures of the office during that period have
been $189,803 13, leaving a balance on iiaritl,'crn
the 1st October, 1863, of ยง37,732 63.
The work of classifying the results of the eighth
census for publication has progressed satisfacto-
rily, and the printing of the volume of population
statistics is so far advanced as to insure its <5otri-
pletion and delivery early in the coming session
of Congress. The succeeding volumes will be
supplied to the two Houses as fast as the capabil-
ities of the public Printer will admit.
The marshals and assistant marshals in the
loyal States have generally been paid in full for
their services, and the accounts of those employed
to take the territorial census of Nevada, Dakota,
and Colorado, for which provision was made by
the act of March 3,1863, have Been paid in part,
and the remainder are in process of adjustment.
The final settlement of the accounts of one thou-
sand two hundred and seven marshals and assist-
ants in States affected by the rebellion has been
precluded by the condition of public affairs, and
the refusal of some of these officers to take the
oath prescribed by law as a condition precedent
to payment.
The able reports from the board of visitors and
the superintendent of construction of the Govern-
ment Hospital for the Insane will be read by all
with much interest. The advantages of this in-
stitution at the present time cannot be overesti-
mated. Those who, while engaged in the land
and naval service of the country, in this trying
hour,for the preservation of our Government,are
overtaken by mental disorders, there find a refuge,
and are treated with the highest skill which has
yet been attained in the art of treating the insane.
The success which has attended their treatment,
and the numbers who have recovered, are the most
flattering testimonials in behalf of those who have
had charge of the institution. Their devotion to
their calling is only to be fully appreciated when
it is remembered that a larger number of patients
have been admitted to this institution during the
last year than have ever before been admitted into
any similar hospital in this country in the same
space of time. Although so large a number have
been admitted, and the increase been chiefly de-
rived from the Army and Navy, it is gratifying
to be assured that neither the existence of the war,
doubt as to the justice of our cause, nor distrust
as to its final result, is to be imputed as the cause
of the malady with which the patients have been
afflicted, but that it is rather the result of over-
tasked efforts of constitutions previously impaired
by sickncss contracted in the line of duty.
Among other advantages which this institution
affords, is that those who have suffered the loss
of a limb in the service may here have it replaced
by an artificial one, fabricated by persons of the
highest skill, without cost, the patients being
maintained at the hospital, free of expense, dur-
ing the time the artificial limb is being prepared,
made familiar with its mechanism and use, and
thus enabled to adopt their new help with the
greatest advantage and ease to themselves.
During the past year much difficulty and per-
plexity have been experienced by the Department
m the admission of patients to this institution un-
der the present laws. Many applications hove
been made for admission of persons who have
sought refuge in this District, but have not their
permanent homes here, so as to be cleaily entitled
to admission into the hospital, as resident paupers
at the time of becoming insane. These prisons
have, in many instances, been a serious charge
upon the War Department, which has been com-
pelled to take care of them in camps and other un-
suitable places for such persons, and consequently
at great expense and inconvenience.
It is recommended that existing laws on the
subject be so modified us to permit the Depart-
ment, in the exercise of a proper discretion, to
admit this class of persons into the asylum until
they can be more properly disposed of.
1 cannot conclude my notice of this institution
without adding my testimony to that of all my
predecessors to the marked devotion and distin-
guished ability and fitness of the gentleman who
has occupied the position of superintendent from
the foundation of the asylum. lie deserves the
gratitude of the country for his zealous and pcrr
sistbnt efforts 'i6 makfe the institution undfer hid
