u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
'Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
charge a model one in .every resp.ect in which it
iyiay.be viewed.
The appropriations which are asked for the
ensi|ing fiscal year are earnestly recommended.
No application of public money has ever been
ixiore" wisely, economically, and satisfactorily
made, than nave the sums dedicated by Congress
to this humane and benevolent institution.
T}ie Columbia Institution for the instruction of
the deaf and.dumb And the blind has been man-
aged with great ability and success. The build-
ings, however, are manifestly insufficient for the
proper accommodation of the pupils admitted and
the growing wants of this community.
The report of the president of the institution
will.be read with interest. Jtexpresses an earn-
est. desire for the acquisition of more adjacent
land—to the extent of about thirteen acres—for
the instruction of the pupils in horticulture and
agriculture; the ercction of more permanent and
commodious mechanic shops and other necessary
buildings,and for the introduction of the Potomac
water, and asks for these purposes additional ap-
propriations amounting to about g60,000. If it
be the intention of Congress to make this insti-
tution a receptacle of all who will probably apply
for admission into it, the proposed enlargements
are eminently proper, and should be made with-
out delay, in order to secure the requisite lands
before .they shall have advanced in price or be
otherwise appropriated. But if it be only de-
signed to make provision for the unfortunates of
this class inhabiting the District of Columbia,
and the children of persons in the military and
naval service, who are unable to provide for them
elsewhere, then it is doubtful whether it will be
proper to increase the extent of thegrounds,or to
construct the buildings, as proposed. In either
case, however, the wooden structures now appur-
tenant to the buildings occupied are entirely un-
safe for the purposes to winch they are applied,
and should bo removed,and theirplaoes supplied
by substantia! brick buildings, and about two
acres of land added, for the purpose of erecting
thereon proper workshops.
1 abstained from submitting the estimates pro-
posed for the larger sums, because I was not pre-
p.iH'd to say what the will of Congress might be
on tht't subject; but I earnestly recommend that
piovtsion be made, if not to the full exteutasked,
at least to that required for the proper and safe
accommodation of the children of the District,
who are entitled to admission into the institution.
It should also be supplied with water, and I rec-
ommend the appropriation of the amount asked
for that purpose.
Satisfactory progress has been made on the
work of the Capitol extension and new dome,
notwithstanding the difficulties encountered in
obtaining the marble for the foimcr, and artisans
of the requisite skill and experience for the pecu-
liarcharacter of the work to bo done on the latter.
Since the last annual report from this Depart-
ment the eastern portico of the north wing has
been constructed, and much work done on that
of the south wing. The porticos of the connect-
ing corridors, and the granite platforms and steps
between the old or central portions of the build-
ing and the new wings, as well as the approaches
to both wings on the western fiont, have also
been completed. It is expected that the eastern
entrance to the north wing will also be finished
the present season.
The group of statuary which was executed here
in marble, from models made by the late Thomas
Crawford, for the pediment of the eastern portico
of the north wing, designed to represent "the
progress of civilization," and the statues of "Jus-
tice" and "History," which were also designed
by Crawford, and executed in Italy, have been
put in their respective places, and attract much
attention and merited admiration.
The expensive and elaborately wrought bronze
door, designed by Randolph Rogers, and cast at
the Bavarian foundery, in Munich, and the mar-
ble statues of Franklin and Jefferson, executed in
Italy, by Hiram Powers, under a contract made
by your immediate predecessor, under the au-
thority of an act of Congress, have also been re-
ceived and placed in appropriate positions in the
building.
All these works of art, and a few others not yet
completed, were exempted from the restrictions
which were imposed upon the embellishment of
the Capitol with statuary and paintings by the
recent legislation of Congress.
The colossal figure of "Freedom," designed
by Crawford and executed by Clark Mills, was,
on the 2d instant, successfully raised to its elevated
place on the new dome, and forms a grand and
appropriate crowning to the Capitol of the na-
tion.
With a view to economy, during the present
year I abolished the office of architect of the Pat-
ent Office building, and added the duties of the
same to those of the architect of the Capitol ex-
tension. Preparations have been made for finish-
ing the saloon of the north front,and for furnishing
the same with suitable cases for the reception and
exhibition of models.
The work will be completed during the ap-
proaching season, and with the appropriation
made at the last session of Congress for that pur-
pose. The architect strongly urges the propriety
and necessity of completing the exterior of the
north front, and an appropriation for that purpose
has been submitted in the annual estimates.
It became indispensably necessary, for the
proper accommodation of the supreme court of
the District of Columbia, and the officers connected
therewith, to make certain changes and improve-
ments in the eastern portion of the City Hall,
which I have caused to be made, at the expense
of the judiciary fund, upon which it has been
usual to draw for such purposes, and the court is
now enabled to dispatch the business coming be-
fore it with much greater convenience and satis-
faction to the public.
The report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings will indicate to Congress the alterations
and repairs which have been made to the finished
portions of the Capitol, and what additional im-
provements he deems it advisable to have pro-
vided for by further legislation. It also explains
the manner in which the moneys appropiiated for
the public works under his charge have been ex-
pended during the past year, and recommends
other improvements of the streets and public
grounds, which recommendations wili, no doubt,
receive the consideration of the appropriate com-
mittees of Congress.
The duties properly appertaining to the office
of Commissioner of the Public Buildings and
Grounds have been greatly augmented within the
past few yoais, and sometimes by the imposition
upon him of duties not strictly belonging to his
office. In justice to him, therefore, a.s well as to
the public service, at the commencement of the
present fiscal year I relieved him, to some extent,
by the appointment of a general superintendent
and special disbursing agent for the Capitol ex-
tension, the PatentOfiice building, and the Wash-
ington aqueduct. In making this arrangement,
a saving to the Government was effected, while
I, at the same time, secured for these important
works the services of a professional and practical
architect.
The work on the Washington aqueduct has pro-
gressed, in pursuance of the act of Congress trans-
ferring the same to this Department, with but
slight exceptions, and the water of the Potomac
liver been this day introduced into the reservoirs.
The walls and banks of the distributing reservoir
were designed, by the engineer who projected the
aqueduct, to be protected with broken stone,and
a contract was made and the work commenced on
that plan; but it appeared to me to be so unsub-
stantial and insufficient for the purpose that I
caused an inquiry to be made as to the manner
of protecting similar embankments in other local-
ities, and found that, with but few if any excep-
tions, the walls were lined with solid stone ma-
sonry, laid in the best of cement. Influenced by
the example and expeiienceof others, and by the
advice of eminent engineers, I directed a thin
dressing of broken stone to be placed upon the
interior walls for a foundation, and the whole to
be faced with solid stone-work of about the same
thickness as the contemplated riprap or broken-
stone wall. According to the original plan of the
aqueduct, the water from the Potomac is conducted
into a receiving reservoir formed by a dam across
a stream called Powder Mill or Little Falls branch,
about nine miles below the hfcad of the cbnduU*
whence it is conveyed about two miles further
down to a distributing reservoir, divided into two
equal sections, or basins, by an embankment de«"
signed chiefly for filtering purposes. It is thus
always intermingled with the water from Powder
Mill branch. The latter stream drains a consid-
erable extent of country, and is subject to frequent
and heavy freshets, which render its water unfit
for immediate use. At times this stream is clear,
while the water of the Potomac is rendered im-
pure, by reason of heavy rains nearer its source.
It is therefore important that the aqueduct should
be so constructed as to afford an adequate supply
of water from whichever of these sources may,
for the time, be most free from impurities, and to
exclude that which may be unfit for use. For
this purpose, the engineer in charge proposes to
connect the conduit above the receiving reservoir
with diat below it, so that the water from the Po-
tomac may be brought directly into the distrib-
uting reservoir without beingadulterated by that
of Powder Mill branch. He also proposes to
construct a gate-house in the dividing wall of the
distributing reservoir, so as to admit of the use
of the water from either section, as may become
desirable. By means of these improvements, the
requisite supply of water may be drawn from
whichever of four distinct sources may be the
purestand best, namely: the Potomac river, Pow-
der Mill branch, or either section of the distribut-
ing reservoir; but without so me such airangemcnt,
" an unfailing and abundant supply of good and
wholesome water" cannot at all times be obtained.
Under these circumstances, I have deemed it ne-
cessary to order these changes in the original
plan, and have made the estimates of appropria-
tions for the completion of the work to conform
thereto. For information in detail in reference to
this subject, I invite attention to the full and able
report of thp chief engineer.
Certain parties having, from time to time, made
claim to heavy damages for the diversion of the
water from the Potomac river, my immediate
predecessor, with a view to settle and end this
claim, entered into an agreement of arbitration
with the claimants. Pursuant to this agreement,
the arbitrators met from time to time, and finally
submitted their award, by which they adjudged
in favor of the claimants upon each and all of the
plans and modes submitted to them, being three
in number, for the construction of the dam across
the Potomac, and also 012,000 for their own fees
as arbitratoi«, and $761 84 for the expenses of the
arbitration. The sums being so large, 1 did not
feel justified in applying the exit-ting appropri-
ation for the completion of the aqueduct to the
payment thereof, preferring to submit the whole
matter to Congress for its determination. It ap-
pears from the report of the experienced engineer
in charge of the work, as must be obvious to
every observer, thatan ample supply of water for
the use of the cities of Washington and George-
town, for many years to come, can be obtained
from the Potomac by the erection of a tight dam,
extending from the Maryland shore to Conn's
Island, to a height which will give a head of six
feet of water in the aqueduct, and yield a daily
supply of about 65,000,000 gallons, which is thirty-
three and one third per cent, more than was used in
the city of New York in the year 1861, when its
population was over 800,000. In view of this
fact, I have instructed the engineer to construct
a dam of cut stone, with a base sufficient to bear
a superstructure of the required height for the
full capacity of the aqueduct, whenever it may be
callcd into requisition.
It is difficult to conceive how a dam of this char-
acter can work any injury to tiie proprietors of the
water-right claimed at the Great Falls. At the
utmost, it could oiiy raise the water to a level at
the head of the island, while at ordinary stages
and at low water (the only time when any value
can properly be placed upon tU-e right) it would
not increase or diminish the flow of water in the
main channel on the west side of the island; and
itsurelycannotbe pretended that the parties claim-
ing the water-right can lawfully divert the ordi-
nary flow of the water on the east side of the island.
A dam of the east channel that would raise the
water to a height sufficient to fiil the aqueduct
would be a great advantage to the claimants, for
the reason that it would enable them to avail them-
