sm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
. Mr. Chairman, I wish to call the attention of
gentlemen on the other side of the House to this
fact, that the amendment which is now proposed
is unlike any that has been offered to it. It is
proposed to persist in the draft, and yet offers to
us on this side of the House a chance for larger
experiment by means of bounty to reach the ob-
ject of filling our armies.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the system
.of draft so long as we can resort to volunteers,
upon this ground, that the Government for all
other purposes, when it employs men in the navy-
yards, when it provides for laborelsewhere, goes
into the market and competes with others by
paying a higher price. There is no reason why
the Government, when it needs the service of
soldiers, should force that service more than there
is when it needs the service of men to work in its
ship-yards, that it should draft them and compel
them to work at such prices as the Government
chooses to offer.
We all know that the circumstances of the coun-
try have changed materially within the last two
years, that labor which a few years ago could be
had for from fifteen to thirty dollars a month has
gone up to $100. 1 insist, when the Government
desires the labor of any man worth now $100 a
month, that it should pay that man accordingly.
You allow the additional value of labor to enter
when you make iron-Clad ships. If the Gov-
ernment says that it cannot compete with these
prices, why not do then as in the case of the sol-
dier? Why not draft the laborers? Why not,
when you want clothing for the Army or Navy,
seize upon it and say that wc will give so much
and so much only? Why, when the Government
wants anything else, should it not seize upon
it and condemn it at the price it can afford to
give ?
• I insist that the soldier is as much entitled to
fair compensation under the piesenl circumstan-
ces, under the changes caused by depreciation uf
our currency, as any other individual. 1 ask
any gentleman whether tin4 Government can go
into the market, take whatever it wants, and fix
a price upon it? The whole principle is wrong.
We should pay the soldier enough to go into the
service, enough to induce him to enlist. If you
want to carry*but the old feudal system, that the
Government has the right to call upon the service
of those under it, then you leverse our system.
[Ilere the hammer foil.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HARRINGTON. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting the woid " white" be-
fore the word "volunteers," I do not wish to
consume the time of the House in discussing this
question, but I will say that I understand the con-
script act has already provided both for colored
conscripts and other acts foi negio volunteers.
Under the former act there are some Statca that
must furnish' to the Aimy white .soldiers whose
blood is to be put into the balance as nguinst Afri-
cans, or negroes furnished by other Slates. It
seems to me that when you take a white man who
can readily become an efficient soldier injhe Army
of theUnited States*.and place bun in those {States
that prohibit by legislative enactment or organic
law the immigration of negroes into their borders
upon an equality with a negiowho may be found
in other States not only as n (itizen ftee to em-
igrate there, but as an elector in such States, you
do an act of injustice.
It seems to me further, that when you take a
slave, unacquainted with those impulses of free-
dom, and those asphations which induce one to
take up arms in defense of liberty and free insti-
tutions, and place him in a scale against a white
man of the Anglo-Saxon or any other race you
commit an unjust and humiliating net. I insist,
therefore, that so far as this pro"v ision in reference
to bounty is concerned, it should be limited to
white men who have enjoyed and who know the
benefits of freedom, and that such men shall not
be weighed in the scale against those who have
not known and who cannot appreciate the benefits
of free institutions. I know that gentlemen on
the other side say that the African race have
proved themselves chivalrous and gallant, but I
say that those who say this intend to deceive the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland. Iam opposed to
the amendment, and I will say I am sorry he
should cxcludc the Celtic race.
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House with the
amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Fenton reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the bill of
the Senate (No. 36) to amend an act entitled "An
actforewrollingand calling outthe national forces,
and for other purposes," approved March 3,1863,
and had directed him to report the same to the
House with sundry amendments.
Mr. SCHENClt. 1 now propose to modify
the substitute offered by the Committee on Mil-
itaiy Affairs of the House, and offer it as a sub-
stitute for the bill and amendments just reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I propose to keep the floor upon
that motion, but will ask the House to agree that
all the amendments which have been made by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
shall be printed, and also the substitute offered
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COX. We have no objection to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the substitute offered at
this tinv'r
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will that give it priority to
the amendments reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
No objection being made, the amendments and
substitute were ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. When will this mattercomc up in
the House again r
The SPEAKER. In the morning, as unfin-
ished business.
Mih \VAS1J HURNE, of Illinois. 1 move the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And thereupon the House (nt fifteen minutes
past five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Febrvary 1*3, 1864.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Sunderland.
The Join nal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MKMOKTALS.
Mr. TRUM1KTLL. I desire to present the pe-
tition of Thomas Drummond and otheis, judges
of the distrieteourts of Illinois, Iowa, Wisconsin,
find New Jersey, representing that the compensa-
tion which they receive is wholly inadequate to
their support in the present condition of things,
and that by recent legislation of Congress large
duties have been devolved upon them in addition
to those which were formeiiy performed by dis-
trict judges, and in consequence of which they
aisk for an inciease of their salaries. I move the
reiei ence of the' petition to the Committee on the
J ud ictai'y.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr..TO IINSON pi esrnted a memorial of assist-
ant assessors of internal revenue of the thud dis-
tinct of Maty lain!, praying I hat their compensa-
tion may be increased to five dollars per day;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MORRILL presented a memorial of the
pi evident of the Great Falls Manufacturing Com-
pany, praying that an investigation may be made
in relation to the condemning of their pro pert y by
Government agent?, and taking the water of the
Great Falls of the Potomac for the use of the
aqueduct; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FUO.M COMMITTEES.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
ij Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
i\To. 24) granting lands to the State of Oregon to
I' aid in the construction of a military road from
j Eugene City to the southern orcastern boundary
|t of said State, and also the bill (S. No. 23) grant-
ji mg lands to the State of Oregon to aid in the con-
j; struction of a military road from the Dalles of
j, Columbia river to a point at or near the mouth of
il Owyhee rivei, reported them with amendments.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 1)
granting a pension to John L. Burns, of Gettys-
burg, Pennsylvania, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
31) making a grant of lands to the Lake Superior
and Mississippi Railroad Company, in the State
of Minnesota, to aid in the construction of the
railroad of said company from St. Paul to Lake
Superior, reported it with amendments.
ADDITIONAL POST ROUTES.
Mr. HARDING submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a duly mail line, by two or four-horse coaches,
from Salt Lake City, Utah Teintoiy, via liaise City, Idaho
Terntoiy,to Dalles City, Oregon, and report thereon.
Mr. HARDING submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads be instiueted to inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Portland via Chehalem Gapto
La Fayette, Yamhill county, Oregon, and report thereon.
JURISDICTION 0$ SUPREME COURT.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he di-
rected to inquiie into the expediency of so amending the
present laws regulating the jurisdiction of the Supreme
Couit ot'the United States a* shall confine the court to the
consideration ot questions'oflnvv alone, except as is provided
by the nineteenth set lion of the act to establish the judicial
eomts of the United States, passed September24,1789; and
to report by bill or otherwise.
GENERAL M'CLELLAN'S REPORT.
Mr. RIDDLE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Raolvcd, That ten thousand additional copies of the Mc-
Clellan report, without accompanying maps or documents,
be punted for the use of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill of the Senate (No.
100) authorizing the holding of a special session
of thu United States district court for the district
of Indiana.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had passed a bill (No. 120) to
reestablish the principal port of ontry for the dis-
trict of Champlain at Pittsburgh, and for other
purposes; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
"A bill'(JT. II.No. 344) to indemnify the owners
of the RiiUsh schooner Glen;
A bill (II. It. No. 225) making an appropriation
for rebuilding the stable at the President's; and
A bill (S. No. 100) authorizing the holding of
a special session of the United States district court
for the district of Indiana.
COMMISSIONER OF PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FOOT. If theie is no further morning
business, I ask the indulgence of the Senate to
allow me to call up Senate bill No. 43.
The motion was agreed to; and the,Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No, 43) relating to the office of Com-
missioner of Public Buildings. It directs that
from and after its passage the work on the Capi-
tol extension, the new dome, and the Patent Of-
fice building shall be under the supervision and
control ot'the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
who shall give bond in the penalty of $50,000 for
the faithful disbursement of all money appropri-
ated for those works, subject to the approval of
the President. All approbations hereafter made
for the public buildings and grounds belonging to
the United States in the city of Washington are
to be disbursed by the Commissioner, unless it be
otherwise provided in the act making the appro-
