1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
selves of the power by the erection of but one dam,
while one that would only back the water to the
head of the island must be a matter of total indif-
ference to them; because, in the very nature of
things, it can work them no detriment whatever.
If this view shall be taken of the case by Con-
gress,! recommend thatareasonablesum be appro-
priated to pay the expenses of the arbitration, and
that the estimateof the costof the dam across the
main channel be diminished to the estimated cost
of the dam over the east channel, thus leaving the
greater expense of the dam to be provided for as
the exigencies of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, by the increase of their population,
may require.
The report of the engineer will not fail to arrest
the attention of Congress in another important
particular.
The immense volume of water which the aque-
duct will soon furnish will afford an ample sup-
ply for fountains at all appropriate places, and
for cleansing the streets and sewers of the city,
keeping them at all times m a healthful and agree-
.able condition. But in order to the accomplish-
ment of this most desirable object, the present
system of expenditure for the repairing of streets
and the construction of sewers must be abandoned,
or modified to such an extent as to place it under
one control. I can perceive no good reason why
the Government should take upon itself the ex-
clusive management and repair of one or more of
the streets and avenues of the city, while all are
equally necessary to the convenience and comfort
of the citizens of the United States visiting or
residing in the city of Washington. The great
width of its numerous streets and avenues quite
discourages any attempt to completely pave them;
nor is it desirable that it should be generally done,
when we consider the increased amount of heat
that would be radiated from their exposed sur-
faces, and the clouds of dust that would be con-
stantly sweeping over them.
It is believed that this maybe avoided to a great
extent by allowing in some instances the adjoin-
ing proprietors to extend the sidewalks into the
streets, so as to reduce the latter to a proper width
for pavement or concrete, and to afford space for
grass-plots in front of their dwellings, and in other
streets by making a park of proper width through
the middle for the cultivation of trees and plants
and the erection of fountains. By the adoption
of such a course, the streets and avenues of the
city would be reduced to such width as to admit
of their being thoroughly paved at a reasonable
cost, and the beauty and comfort of the city im-
mensely increased. Butncither this norany other
great improvement can be expected under the
present laws. They should be so modified as to
require a uniform and perfect system of sewerage
throughout the city; and to superintend this, and
to improve and repair the streets, commissioners
should be provided, one to be appointed by the
Government, and one or more by the corporate
authorities of the city—the money appropriated
by Congress to be expended in such propoition
to the sum provided by the city as should be pre-
scribed by law, and the obligation imposed upon
the city to raise by taxation, annually, such sum
as might be deemed by the commissioners neces-
sary for the objects to be accomplished.
An actof Congress to extend the charter of the
Alexandria and Washington Railroad Company,
and for other purposes, approved March 3, 1663,
authorized the company to erect an additional
structure or passage-way along either side of the
Potomac bridge for the track of their road, but
so as not to hinder the general use of said bridge
for ordinary travel. The surveys, estimates, and
plans for the construction of this bridge, together
with a model of the proposed draw, were sub-
mitted to and approved by me as required by the
act referred to; and the company immediately
thereafter entered u(>on the woi k. The bi idge is
located on a centerlinc seventy-live feet below the
center line of the. old bridge, and has progressed
with such rem«rkable rapidity as to justify the
belief that it will be fully completed during the
early part of the approaching session of Con-
gress, when it is expected that the railroad travel
will be diverted to it, and the old bridge restated
to the use of the public, for whom it was intended.
This bridge is in a dilapidated condition, and
there is an urgent necessity for its immediate
repair.
The report of the police commissioners will be
found to be an elaborate and interesting account
of their operations during the past year, and fully
attests the usefulness and importance of their or-
ganization. It, however, contains many recom-
mendations which, if fully adopted, will impose
greatly increased expenditures upon the Govern-
ment. From the examination which I have been
able to give to the subject, I am inclined to think
an increase of the force, and of their compensa-
tion, is expedient and proper, but not to the ex-
tent indicated by the commissioners.
I have not been able to convince myself of the
justice of imposing the entire support of this police
system upon the Federal Government. It was
shown by the census of I860 that the District of
Columbia then contained seventy-five thousand
permanentinhabitants, since which time its popu-
lation hasevidently been largely increased. There
is no city within the United States, it is believed,
m which property of all kinds yields a larger in-
come, in proportion to its value, and no good
reason exists why it should not help to defray the
expense of its own protection, i am the more
justified in making this suggestion by the fact that
the annual tax imposed upon property in this Dis-
trict is much less than that imposed on the prop-
erty in any of the principal cities in the united
States.
The suggestions of the commissioners of the
police for the more economical and speedy pun-
ishment of crime are just and proper, and deserve
the careful consideration of Congress.
A house of correction and for the detention of
juvenile offenders should be provided, and a sys-
tem adopted by which vagrants and petty offend-
ers, on conviction upon summary trial before the
police magistrates, should receive proper punish-
ment, by being compelled to woikupon the streets,
to break stone in the quarries for their improve-
ment, or to labor in some other useful way.
The want of a penitentiary has been particu-
larly felt in the administration of justice in this
District during the past year. The whole num-
ber of convicts now under sentence from this Dis-
trict is 179; of this number 143 have been con-
victed and sent to the penitentiary at Albany, New
York, since the appropriation of the penitentiary
of the United States for the District of Columbia
by the War Department. The average cost of
transporting convicts from this District to the
penitentiary at Albany is about fifty dollars, and
that of maintaining them there one dollar and
twenty-five cents per week, or sixty-five dollars
per annum. It is confidently believed that, with
a penitentiary possessing the appliances neces-
sary for the judicious application of the labor of
the convicts, they could be much more econom-
ically maintained in this District, and the moral
advantages secured to the community of having
institutions of this character located in their midst.
The Government now owns a tract of land con-
taining two hundred and eighty-one acres, upon
which the receiving reservoir of the Washington
aqueduct is situated, which embraces several suit-
able sites for a penitentiary, and a house for the
detention and reform of juvenile offenders. These
lands are now lying vacant. There are excellent
quarries immediately contiguous thereto, from
which substantial buildings could be erected.
They could be located m close prorwimity to the
canal, whence fuel could be obtained at the cheap-
est rates. Sewerage could bo easily constructed,
and all the necessary water power for propelling
tiie requisite machinery for the successful and
profitable employment of the labor of the convicts
could be procured from the surplus water of the
reservoir at a very small cost. I think it would
be good economy to provide for the erection of
penitentiary buildings upon these lands,and that
it would be well for Congress at its approaching
session to make the nece&sary provision for the
commcncomentof the work, in a very short time
many of the convicts could be provided with se-
cure and comfortable quarters upon the premises,
and employed in quarrying stone, and other labor
pertaining to the construction of such works.
The actof March 3, 18C3, making appropua-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending June 30,1664, and for the yeai
ending June 30, 1863, and for other purposes,
transferred from theappropriation made and placed
under the control of the Secretary of the Treasury
by the act of June 23,1860, for the detection, and
arrest of counterfeiters of the coin of the United
States, the sum of $1*184, or so much thereof as
might be necessary to enable the Secretary of the
Interior " to pay detective police employed by a
former head of the Department, for expenses in-
curred and services rendered in the cities of Wash-
ington and Philadelphia in the detection and arrest '
of counterfeiters of United States coin." Having
examined all the claims presented, and found
them to have been liquidated and paid as per agree-
ment made With the claimants prior to the rendi-
tion of the service, I recommend the passage of a
law to repeal the provision alluded to in the act
of March 3,1863, and to restore the amount there-
by transferred to the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury for the purposes originally designed.
While the African slave trade is known to be
still carried on from some foreign ports to a lam-
entable extent, it is gratifying to be able to state
that so successful have been the efforts of this
Government to prevent citizens of the United
States from engaging in it, that not a single vessel
is known or believed to have been fitted out in
our own waters for that purpose during the past
year; and the wholesome examples which have
resulted from the energy and vigilance which have
been and are still being displayed by the officers
immediately charged with the enforcement of the
laws on this subject, together with the growing
sense of justice among our people towards the
African race, will, it is hoped, effectually deter
persons from any future participation in so un-
righteous a traffic. The officers appointed pur-
suant to the requirements of the treaty of April
7, 1862, with Great Britain,have repaired to their
several stations, and the mixed courts of justice,
to reside at the city of New York, Sierra Leone,
and the Cape of Good Hope, have been duly or-
ganized and established.
The accounts of the American Colonization
Society for the support of recaptured Africans in
Liberia have not yet been finally settled, owing
to the imperfect manner in which they have been
kept by the resident agent of the United States in
that republic, and by the Liberian authorities
after the transfer of the recaptives to them. The
mfoimation and facts required to be regularlyre-
poitcd not having been recorded and preserved by
them, it is feared they cannot now be obtained
with the accuracy of detail contemplated by the
stnet terms of the contracts, and hence it is re-,
spectfully recommended that the Department be
authorized by law to adjust and settle the accounts
on equitable principles.
No further appiopriation is asked for this ob-
ject, the unexpended balances of former appro-
priations being sufficient to meet all the legal de-
mands that can possibly be made during the pres-
ent and the next ensuing fiscal year. The reen-
actment of the joint resolution of the 3d of March
last, " respecting the compensation ofjudgesand
so forth, under the treaty with Great Britain, and
other poisons employed in the suppression ofthe
slave trade/' will be necessary, however, to au-
thorize the use of those funds for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1865.
1 am unable to report any greater disposition,
general1)', among the coloted persons,for whose
colonization provision was made by certain recent
acts of Congiess, to emigrate, than had been ex-
hibited at the time of your last annual message.
Since that time, however, about four hundred and
fifty have been deported to the lie a Vache, adja-
cent and belonging to the republic of liayti. The
condition of this colony has been variously rep-
resented, and an agent has been deputed by the
Department to visit the island and report the real
situation of affairs, and the future prospects of the
emigrants there. They weie emigiated under a
contract entered into for that purpose, with per-
sons who were represented as possessing every
qualification and fitness for insuring the success
ofthe experiment; but nothing has yet been paid
them under it, nor will there be until the report of
the agent shall have been received and found to
justify it.
Independent of the seeming unwillingness of
this class of persons to leavo the United States,
