rl654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
pjroVicfes may be secured for an annual compen-
sation of $250,000, wjjich, if divided equally
'between the two Governments, would be but
$125,000 far us to pay. And if we deduct the
"probable amount of postages which we shall re-
ceive, estimated from the best data we can pro-
cure, there is little doubt but what the great and
important advantages which this measure will
'secure will cost this Government much less than
;$100,000 per annum.
1 have b^&p one of those who have believed for
years that our Government was pursuing a pol-
icy in withholding all encouragement and aid to
ocean steam navigation injurious to all her great
interests, political, commercial, manufacturing,
and agricultural; a policy^vhich,it seems to me,
"has been exceedingly " penny wise and pound
foolish.Great Britain has furnished to us an
Example of wisdom and sagacity in her encour-
agement of ocean steam navigation which it
would be well for us to profit by. By her untiring
energy and ceaseless efforts she penetrates every
part of the world with constant steam communi-
cation. And I propose to show before 1 close
how she has by this policy built up and increased
h^er trade and commerce upon this continent, right
at our own doors, while we, on the other hand,
have been subordinated and almost driven, so far
as exports.-are concerned, from that trade, when
every consideration of political and commercial
advantage, in view of our contiguity, political re-
lations, and necessities, rendered it our duty and
interest much more than theirs to increase and ex-
pand our trade and commdcc with those nations.
■ If it can be shown that in those countries where
ocean steam communication lias been fostered
and encouraged, and lines established, the trade
and commerce with the commies to which such
postal and commercial facilities have been ex-
tended have been enormously increased, while our
own has been as constantly diminishing with all
nations that Great Britain and France have estab-
lished such lines of steam communication with,
we cannot fail to perceive that such increase on
their part and diminution on ours is directly as-
crihablo to that policy—so wise and sagacious—
which England has pursued so steadily upon such
a prodigious scale for so many years. And if it
is also discovert d that this steam communication
is and can be maintained only by governmental
aid at the cost of Government subsidies, then I
say it is the duty of this Government to encour-
age, protect, and extend commerce, to some de-
gree at least, by similar means.
In these days of improvement and competition,
the merchants who are enabled to reach the mar-
kets of the world in the shortest time can distance
all others in the race of competition for trade;
and no maiilime nation can attend to disregard
such a great principle of commercial, economy.
The advantage of two or three days5 time in the
arrival of a large steamer with hundreds of pas
gangers and millions of treasure and merchandise,
with a large mail, can hardly be over-estimated.
Pacts and statistics clearly show that this policy
of Great Brif am, of encouraging ocean steam navi-
gation by Government subsidies, and thus increas-
ing her commercial facilities with all those coun-
tries,has increased her trade and commerce with
them to gigantic proportions. Ours, on the con-
trary, has diminished with those nations, and in
some instances dwindled into insignificance.
It is a humiliating fort that not a single steamer
now carries our "flag" to any European port,
and we are so dependent upon Prance and Eng-
land for communication with our neighbors upon
this continent that all the correspondence of our
merchants with Brazil has to be sent by the way
of England or France. An American minister
accredited to any of the South Ameiican Govern-
ments, if ho desires j.o reach his post within a
reasonable time, is compelled to cross the ocean
twice, and travel the whole distance upon foreign
steamers.
This question of encouragirigocean steam navi-
gation hasassumed vast importance. Itmvolves,
if not our existence as an important maritime na-
tion, at least our-maritime supiemac.y. Steam
is destined to be as important an auxiliary in
facilitating ocean carriage as it is now m the
trausportof merchandise and passengers by land.
Greut Britain, from the moment thai the practi-
cability of ocean steam navigation was established
by the passages of the Sirius and Great Western
from Liverpool to New York in 1838, has been
constantly availing herself of every possible op-
portunity to extend her trade and commerce by
means of steam communication, which she has
encouraged by subsidies, until the annual amount
granted is no less a sum than <£847,000, or up-
ward of $4,000,000. From this is to be deducted
about ^340,000 of receipts from postages, leaving
something over <£500,000 deficiency,or an annual
loss to the British Government of over $2,500,000.
Such has been the undoubted gain of her con-
stantly increasing trade and commerce with all
these countries with whom these steam commu-
nications were established, and so perfectly ap-
parent have been the great advantages reaped from
this policy, that she has been constantly increas-
ing her subsidies and extending her steam.com-
munications, from 1840,when she commenced this
system with the Cunard line ofsteamers from Liv-
erpool to New York,until it has reached the enor-
mous sum before mentioned. She now has nine
lines, I think, to which she grants subsidies: one
called the Peninsula route, to which a subsidy of
c£5,000 is granted; another, the Mediterranean and
India, which receives <£249,625 subsidy; then the
Point de Galie and Sydney, receiving <£134,072;
the Cunard line, from Liverpool to Boston,
which receives <£176,340; also the Cunard line
between Halifax, Bermuda, and St.Thomas, for
which they receive <£14,700 subsidy; West In-
dies, Brazil, and River Plate, <£270,000; Pacific,
^25,000; West Coast of Africa, ,£30,000; anil
Cape of Good Hope, =£33,060 subsidy; making in
all over <£800,000. Otlier lines are contemplated
across the Soutli Pacific connecting Brazil with
Australia; nor will,she cease to prosecute ibis
system of steam communication with every nook
anil corner of the globe where trade and com-
merce can flourish until she has compelled all the
nations of the earth lo pour into her capacious
lap such of their products as may be necessary to
promote her comfort, powci, and wealth.
The exports of British products: to ihe United
States were about the same in 1840 as they were
in the year ItiOO, varying: but lutle during that
time. In 1S00 they were over $29,500,000 and in
1840^29,348,000; lfany tiling,slightly decieasing.
The Cuiiaid steamers were subsidized and com-
menced the mail scrvice in 1810, and from that
time to the commencement of the rebellion the
exports of British products to the United States
have been steadily increasing until they were
more than quadrupled during the scoie of years
immediately preceding the rebellion, while, as 1
have before slated, during the forty years preced-
ing 1840 they slightly decreased. This vast in-
crease is undoubtedly ascubable in considerable
degree to increased fai ilities of communication es-
tablished by ocean steam navigation.
Moil communication from England to the WVst
Coast of Africa commenced in 18o2, and the ex-
ports of her manufactures and products to that
coast nearly doubled the first year, and contin-
ued to steadily increase. Her increase, of gain
in the export of products and manufactures to
China, India, anil Egypt,shows a larger amount,
even, than that upon the West Coast of Africa.
In I860 the whole amount of imports into the
republic of Mexico was about £,26,000,000, and
the cxpmts about $28,000,000, making of im-
ports and exports a foreign interchange of-about
£54,000,000 per annum. Of this commeice Eng-
land got about $33,000,000, the United States about
£8,000,000, Fiance something over $5,000,000,
and the remaining $8,000,000 was distributed
chiefly between Germany, Spain, Belgium, Sar-
dinia, Cuba, India, and China. By this statement
it appears that England secured to herself over half
of the whole furugn commerce of Mexico, and
lour times as much as we did; although to obtain
it she passed by our own doors, and almost ties-
passed upon our own territory. The same policy
pursued with regard to IVlexico has been pur-
sued by Great Bntain in reference to Brazil. A
line of mail steamers was subsidized and com-
menced running in 1851, with still more favora-
ble results to the trade and commerce of Great
Britain than she experienced even with Mexico.
The first year Bntish exports were increased
$5,000,000, and the imports and exports of Eng-
land with Brazil the first six years were doubled ;
while the six yeais immediately preceding 1851,
withoutsteam communication, the trade remained
stationary.
The vast increase of the foreign trade and com-
merce of Great Britain of late years can be traced
directly to her wise and sagacious policy in offering
encouragement and holding out every inducement
for increased facilities in steam communication
with every part of the habitable globe. I might
give the statistics of these astonishing results
more in detail, as they are found on record in the
official reports of the several Governments and
on file in the archives of our own, but the hour
allotted to me will not permit, and I will only
take the,time of the House,as it is sufficient, per-
haps, for my purpose, to give thus briefly an au-
thentic statement of these important facts.
France under her present ruler has been pur-
suing to a considerable extent the same policy as
England,and with similarresults. She has been
rapidly recovering her maritime importance which
was almost extinguished by the conditions of
the treaty of peace of 1815. The French Gov-
ernment pays large subsidies to the three great
lines communicating with South America and the
East. They are all in the interest of one great
company, and receive one general subsidy, which
is increased as the service is extended. It is in
one sensQ a great national concern. The Govern-
ment not only grants a large annual subsidy, but
makes advances to build the b'oats, and gets re-
imbursed from their subsequent earnings, deduct-
ing a small percentage from their gross receipts,
which gradually wipes out the first advance.
The policyif ourGovernment, in contrast with
England and France, as results show, has been
nanow and short-sighted. Ourtommerce with
those countries, previous to the rebellion, either
decreased or remained,during this same period—
the last decade—almost stationary, while that of
England flourished and increased in many in-
stances fourfold, under the fostering care of her
subsidy system. In 1859 our tiade with Mexico
was, in exports to that country, about three
and a half million dollars, and our imports fro in
there about five and a half millions, upward of
four millions of which was specie. England ex-
ported and imported about four times as much
during the same year. It should have been le-
versed. We should have had four times as much
commerce with Mexico as England. It would
have been so if we had pursued the same liberal
and sagacious policy that she has; for it whs no
fault of Mexico that our commercial relations
were not more intimate and extensive with her
than they were. The Mexican Government has
for years fully appieciated the advantages of closer
and more intimate commercial relations with the
United States, and have made several attempts to
establish steam communication with us for postal
'and commercial purposes, and in 1857 made a
contract with a citizen of the United States to pay
an annual subsidy of $120,000 for ten years, which
was practically contingent upon tile cooperation
of this Government in like manner, but the Gov-
ernment of the United States failed to cooperate,
and the project was abandoned. Every consid-
eration ofin'terest, both political and commercial,
Mexico conceived to be involved in the enter-
prise, and while she believed the United Slates
would bo benefited in much greater degree than
herself, she exhibited an enlightened liberality m
coming forward and oljermg to bear her lull shaie
of the burden.
In this connection I will quote some extracts
from a letter of a late Postmaster General—Gov-
ernor Brown—now deceased, written m 1859 to
the chairman at that time of the Senate Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, urging upon
Congress a similar measure in reference to steam
communication with Mexico which this bill pro-
vides with Brazil. In that letter he says:
'■ Notwithstanding the proximity of Mexico, ami Itie spe-
cial lnteiesl ot t!u> Government in everyiluug_rli.it tipper-
tamp. t<> and that might facilitate the most luendly and
enlarged intercoms between oui own and the people of
that republic, it well known that for the last twenty yeard
the eommeice between Ihe two countries has been greatly
«eepjasnnr, whereas with Great J'ritain and ofhei Luto-
pean nations it has been steadily ineieasmg. Thi> fact, it
may be pie^umed. is attributable almo&tentiiely to the pol-
icy of the Dt iti=-h Government in pioteetma and Mtppoi ting
regulai lino of mail steamers. Frequency, ceitainty,ami
reguiautv ot inteicourse between countnes aic the gieat
lite-^pinuTs ot commerce."'
advantages of oui geographical position, and the enterprise
of our people, who produce and manutaciure every ait,lele
of consumption .-mwhle to the .Mexican market, enable
aitei the tiade i. oneo developed, to sell or exehange oh
terms more advantageous to Mexican consumers than can o
possibly ottered by European producer*. Once accoinpl^n
