26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 31,
38th Coj«tg....1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the experience the country has derived since the
passage of the acts of Congress on the subject of
colonization, and the action of the Government
towards them in adopting the able-bodied men
into its armies, render it a question of great im-
portance whether the effort to colonize them be-
yond the limits of the United States should be
continued, unless the way should be opened for
the establishment of a friendly colony in some
one of the Central American States, at a favora-
ble commercial point foi* travelling that country
by a new route to the Pacific,.
Although much prejudice has been manifested
throughout most of the free States in regard to
the introduction of colored persons therein, there
is a place where many of them can now be ad-
vantageously employed at remunerative prices,
and where the objection to color does not exist.
I refer to the line of the Pacific railroad. Upon
this work there are already about three hundred
free colored laborers, out of fifteen hundred em-
ployed, and I am assured they perform their duty
faithfully and well. The Department has been
repeatedly urged to use its influence to causc as
many colored laborers as can he procured to be
employed upon this work, and it is worthy of con-
sideration, therefore, whether tiie money appro-
priated to remove those who are now a charge
upon the Government, to foreign countries, will
not be more judiciously applied in tiausporting
them to those fields of labor within the dominions
of the United States whore they are wanted, and
where they will be welcomed. In this way the
expense to which theGovernmentisnow sub jected
will be greatly diminished, and we shall have the
satisfaction of placing these people in a position
of usefulness, security, and peace, where they
will be instrumental in the construction of a work
in which the nation has, of all others, save the
putting down of this rebellion, the greatest in-
terest.
The need at the seat of Government of a bureau
of national statistics has long been felt, and often
been called to and engaged the attention of Con-
gress, but so far without any practical result. The
facts and information which a properly organized
bureau of this character would collect and exhibit
are often indispensable, as well to the enlightened
legislator as to the several departments of the
Government and the people at large. It is con-
fidently believed that it would contribute im-
mensely to the advancement of the commercial,
agricultural, financial, scientific, manufacturing,
and other interests of our people, ami, by the dis-
semination of correct information as lo our na-
tional wealth, interests, and resources*, lead to a
more just appreciation of the value to all of the
American Union, and contribute, in no small de-
gree, to the more universal establishment and
maintenance of friendly relations between our-
selves und the other civilized nationsof the earth.
Such a bureau could be established now with
but little outlay, and if made to include the duty of
enumeiatmg the population of the United States,
for which purpose a bureau is now required to be
temporarily organized every ten yoars, at con-
siderable expense and labor, would effect a posi-
tive saving 10 the Treasury, while the work would
be better purfoimed, as the office would then he
permanent, and the experience gained in the op-
erations of one decade not wholly lost hefoie the
next was entered upon, as is now the case. Most
enlightened nations have perceived the necessity
and utility of organized effort for the attainment
of accurate statistical knowledge, and to profit by
their experience is the. dictate of wisdom. Deeply
impressed with the. importance of the subject, I
venture to refer to it again, and to invoke tor it
the favorable consideration of Congress.
On the 3d of March, 18G3, a joint resolution
was enacted authorizing and directing the Secie-
tary of the Interior, and all other custodians
thereof, to cause equal distribution to he forthwith
made among the members of the two Houses of
the then expiring Congress of all books and docu-
ments which had been printed or purchased at the
cost of the Government, and not actually belong-
ing to any public library, or the library kept for
use m any department of the Government, ex-
cepting, however, all such books and documents
as weic embraced m any existing onlfr for the
distribution thereof among the members of either
House of Congress. I found, on examination,
that the number of volumes of the documents
referred to, their incompleteness as sets or works,
and the uncertainty as to their value, aggregately
or separately, were such as to render it wholly
impracticable to carry the provisions of the joint
resolution into effect, and the subject is therefore
respectfully submitted for the further consider-
ation and action of Congress.
For years past, the Department has had to en-
counter difficulties in providing suitable accom-
modations for the United States courts in the city
of New York. Congress alone can apply the
remedy, and it should not be longer deferred.
For many years apartments in the City Hall were
used for this purpose, but the increasing necessi-
ties of the city demanded them, and they had to
be given up. Since then the Department has been
obliged to rent other buildings annually, or for a
short term of years, and to alter and fit them up
at considerable expense. The premises now used
were leased by the Department in the year 1858,
for the sum of $16,000 per annum. A large sum
has been expended for alterations, occasional re-
pairs, and furniture, amounting in six years, in-
cluding rent, to upwards of $125,000. The pres-
ent lease of the property will expire on the 1st
of May next. The owner of it has died since the
original lease was made, and the executors, though
still willing to dispose of it at the price then fixed
—$215,000—are averse to extending the lease, so
that the Department will soon have to proeme
other temporary accommodations for the courts
sitting at New York city, unless Congress shall
provide the means to secure permanent ones.
The Government has purchased or erected
buildings at Philadelphia, Boston, and a number
of less impoitant cities, for the use of the Fed-
eral courts and for other public purposes, and
commenced the n action of one also at Baltimore.
The propiiety of extending this prudent, policy
to the city of Now Yoik seems too manifest to
require argument. Economy alone demands it.
The Department is not prepared to say that the
purchase of the building now used, for the sum
asked, would be the most advantageous arrange-
ment that could be made; but it would, in the end,
be the saving of considerable expense to the Treas-
ury. I therefore earnestly recommend that the
Department be empowered by Congress to pro-
vide suitable and permanent accommodations for
the United States courts at New Yoik, and that
an adequate appropriation be made for that pur-
pose.
The Union Pacific Railroad Company, char-
tered by the act of Congress entitled " An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line fiom the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean,
and to secute to the Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes,"
approved July 1, 1802, has been organized by
the election of directors and other officers, and the
subscription of the requisite amount of stock.
The character and pecuniary ability of the stock-
holders affoid the most ample guarantee thatthis
great work will be prosecuted to a successful
issue. The work upon the branch lately located
by you has already been commenced with a de-
termination to press it to a rapid completion,
der-pite the inclemency of the season and other
obstacles.
The southern branch of the road, having its
eastern terminus at the mouth of the Kansas
river, and now known as that of the "Pacific |
Railway Company, eastern division,'' is being j
const!ucted with unparalleled energy. Since the J
1st of September last, about forty miles of this
branch have been graded, the lies made ready, !
the iron and rolling stock purchased and deliv- ■
ered upon the giound or now in transitu. We j
have assurances, upon which a well-founded be- :
lief may be based, that early next month it will 1
be completed, and during next summer extended :
to Fort lliley, a distance of about one hundred
and thirty miles.
The piincinal obstacle to the rapid progress of
the work is the scat city of labor, which may be
overcome by I bo employment of the frecdmen, j
as before indicated in this report. j
The California branch of the Pacific railroad is j
beingconati ucted with all practicable dispatch ,and \
\ there is every reason to believe that the work will 1
not be permitted to languish, but that, at an earlier
day than could have been reasonably anticipated,
the entire line will be completed.
The extent and unsurpassed richness of the gold
fields recently discovered in Arizona, -together
with our previous knowledge of the vast mineral
wealth of New Mexico, is well calculated to im-
press all who reflect upon the subject with the
necessity of a branch road from the Union Pacific
to Santa Fe, and such other points in the Territory
of New Mexico as may be necessary to the de-
velopment of the mineral wealth and trade of that
country; and, although Congress may be unwilling
to lend pecuniary aid or credit to such an enter-
prise, it is believed that a liberal grant of land,
both arable and mineral, of comparatively little
present value to the Government, to the companies
now organized, or to one to be chartered by the
Territorial Legislature of New Mexico, will in-
sure its speedy construction. There are vast fields
of iron ore, and coal suitable for its manufacture,
convenient to the line of the proposed branch road,
and though the enterprise may appear stupendous,
the income to be derived from it would doubtless
soon afford ample compensation to those who
might accomplish it.
1 have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant, J. P. USHER,
Secretary.
The President of the United States.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Post Office Department,
October 31, 1863.
financial condition.
Sir: I have the honor to present the following
report of the condition and operations of this
Department for the fiscal year which terminated
June 30, 1863. Duinig that period the financial
condition of the Department has been one of in-
creasing prosperity; and it is gratifying to be
able to state that the actual postal revenue has
nearly equaled the entire expenditures—the lat-
ter amounting to $11,314,200 84, and the former
to $11,163,789 59, leaving a deficiency of but
$150,417 25. There is, theiefore, good leason to
expect that within a btief penod the Department
will become self-sustaining.
appointment office.
Number of Pal Office*.
The whole number of post offices remaining
established on the 30th June, 1863, including the
suspended offices in the insurrectionary States,
was 29,047, showing an increase over the preced-
ing yeai of 172. Postmasters are appointed at
550 of these offices by thePiesident, and at 28,497
by the Postmaster General. Their classification
by States is shown in the Appendix, No. 1.
Changes in 1863.
Eight hundred and thirty post offices have been
established during the year, and 658 have been
discontinued. The number of names and sites
that have been changed, involving a change of
postmasters in most instances, is 222, and there
have been 2,431 resignations of postmasters, 245
deaths, and 1,115 removals. The whole number
of cases acted upon is 5,501, and the number of
postmasters changed Horn all causes during the
year is 3,956. The detajis of these changes will
appear in the Appendix, table No. 2.
Spccial and Local Slgents, Route Agents t and Bug-
gage Masters.
The number of special agents in the service at
the close of the fiscal year was 10, whose aggie-
gate salaries amounted to $26,500. The number
of loute agents was 387, at an aggregate compen-
sation of $289,260; the number of baggage mas-
ters in charge of through or expfes s mails was
93, at an a-rgi^gate pay of $7,440; and the num-
ber of local agents was 45, at a compensation of
§27,824.
Letter-Carriers.
The law authorizing the free delivery of mail
matter by carriers took effect on the 1st day of
July last. About that time the system was put
in opeiation at 49 of the larger offices, with a com-
petent coips of carriers to each, numbering in the
aggregate 449,,'at an aggregate annual compensa-
tion of &30d,(to0.
