THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
<)i,J
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN CTRIVES,"WASHINGTON,
D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 33, 1864.
New Series.....-No. 39v
the branch mint at Denver for the cuncnt fiscal year,
$18,U77 69. J '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from line
fifty-nine to line sixty-seven, in the following
words: ^
For compensation of returns clerk, from January 1 to
June 30, 1H64, $600.
For compensation of the suiveyor general of Illinois and
Missouri, the office to be hereafter closed, $1,668 48.
For compensation of clerks in the office of the surveyor
general of California, $1,350.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was from line eighty to
line eighty-two, to strike out:
For two additional clerks of class four in the office of
the Secietary of the Navy, $3,600.
The next amendment was in line ninety-three
to strike out " ninety-one" and insert "eighty-
three," so as to make the appropriation for the
salary of the commissioner to codify the naval
laws $3,9S3 67.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out "$9,682"
and to insert *'£9,062 50," so as to make the ap-
propriation for the salary of the minister at Sal-
vador, from April 16, 1863, to June 30, 1864, at
$7,500 per annum, $9,062 50.
The amendment wag agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and twenty-four the words " furni-
ture and for," and in line one hundred and twenty-
seven to insert "and;" so that the clause will
read:
For the payment of claims due various parties for fur-
mtuie and for the alterations in the offices of the Assi>tant
Treasurer and collector of custom5! at New York, and for
constructing buiglar-proof vaults, .$80,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and sixty-five, one hundred and
sixty-six, one hundred and sixty-seven, and one
hundred and sixty-eight, as follows:
For deficiency to pay for goods furnished to Peter Boyce,
Indian farm agent at Coon creek, Utah Territory, m 1859,
@710.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and ninety-seven, one hundred and
ninety-eight, and one hundred and ninety-nine, as
follows:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the sup-
port of the light-house establishment, §14,156 65.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and seven to strike out:
For erecting naval hospital at Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, §25,000.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the chairman of the
Committee on Finance what is the reason for
striking out this appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The icason is that there
seems to be such a determined quarrel m relation
to that hospital, where it shall be located and how
the money shall he expended, that the committee
thought it was much better to leave it out alto-
gether. The Senator will notice that there is a
proviso in the original bill, in lines two hundred
and twelve and two hundred and thirteen:
" Provided, That neither of said hospitals shall be erected
within the picsent limit-, of the navv-yaid>; and the cost
of paid hospitals and extension of *-aid asjluin bhall he paid
out of the accumulated hospital lund."
That proviso is general in its terms, but so far
as it limits the location it really applies to the
Portsmouth hospital alone, because the other two
are already outside the limits of the navy-yards.
But at Portsmouth there is an old budding for a
hospital which I believe is the oldest in the coun-
try, which is within the limits of the navy-yard.
This is an appropriation for a new one. That
proviso is that it shall be built outside of the navy-
yard; and that brings up another question which
does not appear on the face of the bill. The navy-
yard is in Maine, at Kittery, and the whole of
Seavey's island is in Maine; but it is called in the
bill the " Portsmouth, New Hampshire, yard."
39
Some two or three years ago we passed a hill here
authorizing or directing the purchase of a certain
quantity of land on Seavey's island which adjoins
the Kittery navy-yard. That could not be pur-
chased for the reason that the law did not define
what land, and other difficulties existed with re-
gard to it,so that no land was purchased. *
If we pass this appropriation directing the erec-
tion of a hospital and say that it shall be outside
the navy-yard, we have no land at present upon
which to put it, as I understand, and it involves
therefore a long delay until the disputed question
with regard to the purchase of the land can be
settled; and heuce if we design to have any good
effect from the appropriation of this money to
build a hospital, we must strike out that clause,
or we shall not have the hospital building until
that question is settled, of which there seems to
be a very remote prospect, because there is a dif-
ference of opinion between some persons and the
Navy Department on that subject.
In regard to the other clause of the proviso, it
is still more objectionable. It directs that this
money for these hospitals shall be taken out of
what is called the hospital fund. That fund is
raised by an assessment upon the wages of sea-
men for their own benefit, to pay their own bills
in hospital, and this Government never has in any
case attempted to make the seamen, out of their
own fund, out of their own wages, build a hos-
pital. This is a new idea, and it would be most
unjust and ungenerous to the seamen to attempt
to do any such thing. In addition to that, if you
appropriate this money to be paid out of the hos-
pital fund it will more than exhaust the fund by
some $7,000 or $8,000, and there will be nothing
left.
These were the reasons for striking out the pro-
viso. The Committee on Finance thought the best
way to settle it was to strike out theappropriation
for the hospital also with the proviso, leaving the
other matter to stand by itself. Under these cir-
cumstances I, for myself, am perfectly willing to
make the appropiiation for the hospital, but I am
not willing to burden it with a provision that will
prevent its erection, and still more unwilling am
I to take the money out of the funds of the sea-
men, which would be entirely a new thing, and
exhaust the hospital fund.
Mr. HALE. I hope that after the explanation
of the honorable Senator from Maine we shall be
able to agree on this subject. I have not theshght-
estobjection to that amendment which stnkesout
the pioviso which the Senator ways is so excep-
tionable. Now I want to state the exact merits
of this question, because I do not like to have it
bluffed off by saying that there is a quarrel or a
difficulty, or anything of that sort. The matter
is just as plain as anything can be. Some two
years ago the Congress of the United States ap-
piopriated fourteen thousand and some odd dol-
lars for buying a specific quantity of land upon
Seavey's island, adjoining the Kittery or Ports-
mouth navy-yard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not a specific quantity,
I think.
Mr. HALE. It was specific even to the thou-
sandth part of an acre, and the Senator will so find.
It was an appropriation for the purchase of so
many acres and so many thousandths of an acre.
It was delineated on a plan before the House com-
mittee and the Senate committee, and the com-
mittee of conference finally passed the hill, and
passed itas understanding^ as anything cvei was
in the world. Still that law was not executed,
and the chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
sent a communication to the Secretary of the Navy
explaining why he had not executed it. As I did
not expect this bill to be called up to-day when I
came in this morning, and did not know that the
chairman of the Finance Committee was going to
call itup, I have not that communication with m"1,
but. I can state what it was.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
gave several reasons why he did not execute that
law. One was that the form of the plot of land
which was supposed to be indicated was irregular
and inconvenient. Another was that there was a
highway laid out through it. Another was that
Congress in making the appropriation had been
governed by private instead of public considera-
tions. I endeavored to have an explanation of
that, but it was at a time when the session w<ts.
nearly closed, and the chairman of the Committee
on Finance had weightier matters on his mind to
which he asked the attention of the Senate, and I
did not press it, and it went over and went by for
that session.
Besides the land being ipregular in its formation,
and Congress being governed by private instead
of public considerations in making the appropri-
ation, the chief of the bureau said that the State
of Maine by its Legislature had not consented to
cede jurisdiction over it, and for these reasons he
recommended that it be left to the further consid-
eration of Congress. It was left to the further
consideration of Congress, and at the next ses-
sion the Committee of Ways and Means of the
House of Representatives had the subject before
them. In the mean time the Legislature of the
State of Maine passed an act, which I now hold
in my hand, and which by the indulgence of the
Senate I will read:
state of maine.
In the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and
sixty-three.
An Act reding jurisdiction nvpr certain lands on Seavey
island m the town of Kittery to the United States.
Jic it enacted by the Senate and House oj Representatives
in Legislature assembled as follows :
Sec. 1. Jurisdiction is hereby granted and ceded to the
United States of America over such portion of Seavey
bland in the town of Kutery as may be purchased lor the
puipose of using the sump as a part of the navy-yaid lo-
cated in that town; and consent is hereby given to the pur-
chase of the frame by the United States: Provided always,
That this State &hail retain and doep retain concurrent juris-
diction with the United States in and overall lands hereby
ceded, so far as that all civil and all criminal processes
issuing uridei the authouty uf thib Stale may be executed
in said lands, and in any buildings thereon, or to he erect-
ed thereon, in the «ame way and manner as if jurisdiction
had not been granted as aioiesaid: Jlnd piooidcd, That the
exclusive jurisdiction shall revert to, and revest m, the
State of Maine whenever the said lands, so ceded, bhail
cease to be u-.ed by the United States lor the purpo&e here-
inbefoie declared.
Sec. '2. This act shall take effect from and after the. pur-
chase of any portion of said Seavey inland by the United
States; the evidence of such puicluwe hems duly recorded
in the registty of deeds for the county of York."
This act was signed and approved by the Gov-
ernor on the 10th of January, 1863.
When this subject was befote the Committee
of Ways and Means of the House of Representa-
tives this act was submitted to the committee.
The committee decided to make no alteration in
the law, and it thus had a revision. Knowing
that I took some interest in this matter, the com-
mittee were kind enough to send to me at the time
it was before them and ask my views upon it,
and what I wanted in regard to it. I sent word
to them that I was obliged to them for their court-
esy; but the only thing on earth that I wanted
was to let the law stand as it was; because the
main obstacle, as stated m the report of the chief
of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, was the ces-
sion of this jurisdiction on the part of the State of
Maine.
Well, sir, it so remained. Some time after this
act was passed, knowing something uf this mat-
ter,! addressed a respectful letter to the Secretary
of the Navy asking him if this law had been ex-
ecuted or if it was his intention to execute it, and
he sent me back this remarkable answer: that
Commodore Smith—I believe he is now Admiral
Smith—to whom the question appropriately be-
longed, did not think it was expedient to execute
the law. That letter I have. Heie is a law of
Congress passed with a full and perfect under-
standing; upon the suggestion of this Rear Ad-
miral Smith it was postponed a year and submit-
ted to Congress; Congress reaffirmed the action
they had had heretofore; and after all this the
Secretary of the Navy says thaton a refercnceof
the mattes to Admiral Smith to whom the ques-
tion properly belonged, he deemed it inexpedient
to execute the law. In other words, you may
pass an act of Congresss but it appropriately be-
