1864.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this object, and it i& obviou- that theconsideiablc amounts
of specie which now find their w.iy to Eutopo would bo
diverted to the United
These views are presented ho forcibly, and hav-
ing as much application, or more, evon, to Brazil
than Mexico, 1 could not forbear to quote them.
The action and fueling of leading citizens of
Mexico of all parties, for some years previous to
the rebellion, as well as the direct action of the
Mexican Government in 1857, while it proves
that Mexico has not been insensible to the great
advantages, commercial and political, to be ob-
tained by more intimate communication with the
United States, presents to us the mortifying fact
that to the apathy of our Government and people
is ascnbable the great falling off of our trade and
commerce with that country, which in 1835 was
over twenty millions in commercial exchanges,
which England by her enteipnse and sagacity
lias snatched away f om us. Who can doubt
that the commercial exchanges of the United
States with Mexico, had this commerce been prop-
erly encouraged, would have exceeded in amount
that of the whole world besides? It is marvelous
that we should have exhibited for so many years
such indifference to ail that concerns theencour-
agementand development of our trade with the
Spanish-American countries, so natural and so
important to us that we should cultivate the clos-
est ties of amity and fiiend&hip.
Our expoits to Brazil in 1858 weie about
$5,000,000, in 1850 about $6,000,000, m 18G0
nearly the same, and in 1SG1 within fen thousand
dollais of amounting to $5,000,000. Our innuut-
ations from Brazil during the same penod of lour
yeais were ^17,000,000 in 1858, $122,000,000 m
1859, $21,000,000 in 1860, and something less
than $15,000,000m 18U1. Tins enormous balance
against us, an average annual amount of about
$13,000,000, had to be wiped out, of course, in
coin. Contrast this with the trade of Gieat Brit-
ain in 1861. Her exports to Brazil amounted that
year to over $28,000,000, and her imports of Bra-
zilian products, other than specie, less than half
that sum, making a balance in her favorof about
the same number of millions as we show of bal-
ance against us; a trade which greatly meieases
the wealth of England,and to no small extent im-
poverishes us.
The exports to Brazil from the United Stales
consist chiefly of agricultural products, say about
seven eighths to one eighth of manufactured arti-
cles. The list of articles embraced m the United
States returns of expoits to Brazil are so numer-
ous, and of such natural and abundant pioduction
in this country, as to admit of immense expan-
sion in volume, and value, when once markets and
men are broughi together by means of steam con-
veyance for mails and passengers, samples and
invoices. I shall not attempt to furnish statistics
of the vast West India trade tapped by touching
at St. Thomas. But when it is considered that
mail steamers diverge from tliix cenfial point to
all the most important islands of the West indies
south of Cuba, as well as to Mexico and different
ports on the Spanish Mam, it is palpable that a
new vitality will be imparted to oui intercourse
with those fertile regions by the establishment of
this direct line. It is believed to be beyond dis-
pute that a great trade and travel from the West
Indies and from the east coast of South America
is now driven to Europe for want of steam facil-
ities, the existence of which would bung both in
preference to our more congenial shores.
I have before alluded to the good feeling exist-
ing toward us on the partof the dominant paity
m Brazil at the present time, and in illustration
of this I desire to rend some extracts fiom a letter
written by a distinguished member of the Liberal
party in Biazil, which I find in a memorial pre-
sented to tins body from the New York Mail
Steamship Company, which, doubtless, many of
you have seen, The letter is add leased to an
American merchant now residing m Rio de Ja-
neiro, George N. Davis, Esq.:
Provincf or Itio de Janeiro, March, 1FG3.
My Deak Mr. I).\vb Vour letter ha-- cnen me trrp.it
pleasure. In Addition to tin; Iiouot of \our attention. 1
mu&toxpio-v- the hvelv ^nu-taftion which I expeiieneo at
the inteieat wiuHi yu tike m em [tit'1 Hiaziiianj trni.U
question, nana !\. duect st<\nn imv leauon between the inn-
led States and Ctazil. I mu^taiMicxpie".- <u;ythankstoh s
excellency the Ameiican ini>'i«.tci lor giving me apomon
of his time in u'gatd to this mo.t lmpouant measuie.
What would lie th<; largest s-um which I judge the Bra-
zilian Government won id giant as a subsidy to a direct
-teainf-lui) Sine with the United States?,-]; 1 icpiy that n
would he the duty o{ our Government to give the sum no-
eea-iuv for the ue.dt staking, whatcver thai t-um might be,
1'ioni the met ih.it if i- a mallei of Vital importance to our
aHi icultural interests that we enter into closet lelatiou^
witii the United States, f piopo&ed la-4 year the turn of
§110,000 a* oui share oi the unnual subsidy.
***•-********
The cas=e with which our Government could aid by a
satisfactory subsidy to the company that will unite Kio de
Jnnciio, Pernambueo. and i'ara sviti* the maiketsol the
United States is acknowledged b\ ail. Unfortunately, to
speak itankly, theie aie f>ome pietended r-tate;-men among
us who wish to dift-enun.iir in in^hand ofiicial quarters a
sentiment adveir-e to relations with the United States.
Thc-e adulators, in ouier to s-how themselves more mon-
aiehie.U than the monarch himself, insinuated that Amer-
ican* will iovolutionize I'tazil; Unit, it we ionn intimate
relations with them that thev will iuusli in aniteung the
valley of the Amazon. Happily, however, the opinion* of
these suf-pieinus spirits ol d.ukne.-s, who alone have made
oui daikne^s more den>c, have been falsified b} the good
sense ol the people of both countries. Foi we meet with
American- in all part* ol I>iazil. and principally in the val-
ley oi the Amazon at Para, whoie they nouu.-hco e.
In Rio de Janeiro Americans have rendered commerce the
laboi -«i\im,r machines of their agiieultme, which i  anal-
o^ouv to ouis. In The province ot llio de Janeuo oui gieat
man of entcipri-e, Sr. <\ Ottom, confides to Americans
hi< vast uudeitakmijs. Sustained by then indomitable per-
seveiauce and exuaordin.u> eneig), the) have in the sec-
oml division oi the JVdio II railway tilhd up valley-, per:
I'm,u(Ml thiouirli the Se1 ra d<' 31 ai with tunnels, and at this
moment locomotive- made in their northern home take
po—ession ot the heights over Theunopyla
E\cu-e the empha-is? w ith wliieh I oxine#.* myself This
i- a -uhjt.'ci winch uice^sauih occupies my &oul. 1 wi-h
to intlueii'-e the (Ie<Un le^ of my country by pointing out the
eia o! Ilan-toi ination. moral and economical, m winch my
native land need-to begin by establishing direct bteum nav-
igation b- tweeu the two eouutue-.
Uiazil needs new !>ho<L-lic need- the Yankee^pint, this
intrepid it) , thi!- eneiirj, tin- masculine -pint of invent ton
and pio'/irsv. She needs to ictuodel hei I'wrtugiu'j-e and
priestly piejudicesin the wotld ot generou- idea-ol liberty,
as to da> w« east 1 itled cannon trom the old-!a-<luoned and
woitnle-- culveun>. * " * * x * *
But I foigot that the niovf effective aiguments aie eom-
meicnil niieiesr- I have ahead}. in a woik published ia-t
eni, leieiifd to tins subject. Counneiee between tne two
eouutric-< i- eou-tantly incn:asing. In l^u'J we nnpoitt-d
hoin the United State- to the amount ot £(^UOO,Ut)d, and we
export ed io the United State- ^2,000,000. Nmr who i- the
most dueetiy infeie-tcd in the clo-et relation- ot winch J
have spoken? Without doubt Biazil, and above all the
plameis and dealeis in coffee, and the coiiectois <uul mui-
c!iant-> of the India >uhb, i o! the A.naz' n valley. )f the
-urn toi.il o. n.uisactions in the nouiial annual [tcnod, and
wuiiout the aid ol -team is s2^,()00.u()0. i- not Hie advant-
age of -i -leain-iup lint; between New York and llio evi-
dt nt t>> all:
No one can toicsec the inojea^e of unpoitation from the
United States win ti then- shall be the gie;n convenience of
•=team coniinumeation wilh New Vol k. To day no one ig-
notes tliat Ametican- bcg,n to take tin; lead in oui maikets
in C'-itam aruch1-, which they compeU' with and siupat-s
the Eiu.'li-h. The United Slates tiinnsh us with biead-
-tufT-. Von have even impotted foi ih ladiau eoi u in years
ol -earetu. Alanj aiticle- of tuiniuneand ot wooden ware
we buy by pien-rence of the Ametican-. Ws, even in the
mountain , whence I wute this leiiet, I have seen many
hou-chold eomfoit- wliicii we call Ameiiean. The l'edto
11 llathvay Company have lot med «> irood an opinion of
)our louudetic- ami machine -bop-that they now ptefer
Ameiieiui locomotive-, (Bildwm, of Pluladclphi.i,) and
\inertcan cais, (\Va—on, Sptiugln id, .Marsachik ett>.) The
I Ensn-h, who almo-t mouopol.ze oui m.uket in cotton and
1 woolen tabi ie<. .-<'nd to lhazil article-ol a high puce and
1 Trior quail tv. hith"i to without comp' tit ion. Would that
J ^ 'viican manuiactuiei- would obui.t inlotutaLi<ni ol this
! i.rr«v ' m.u ket, and b\ -tud> uis in ar .it band the want- and
j ta-tes of nine million people I have no iloul)! that it) a -hoi t
I tinie thev would be >tn>ng eompctilOK'.ol the Eugii-b. Who
[ would piofit bv tin - compel it ion.'' Undoubtedly the Brazil-
! nins and you Noah Aim.-HCatis
Auofliei cou-ideinnon. Biazil needs civil enirmeers, men
of enterpn^e. intelligent laboiei-, men habituated to new
inventions, and they them-elve- juv<ntois. Tln--c pre-
eiou- men abound in the Umteil States. Utazil t>ller  hel'-
selt to emigiarus.
Let Ann i lean st^amets navigate the Amazon; let the
con-t trade bi free to the taaity fiagandtofiumdly nations;
cive impul-e to laihvays and the navigation ol all our large
iivet-; above all. let us have a liri'j ol rteamei- between
the United States and I)i.uil,and then we shall see the
development of out eountiy by an advantageous intlux of,
American.'.
If we insist upon this question it will soon triumph. The
occasion i- opportune. The p'ecnt aibiliary conduct of
England exeit< - in the whole of Orazil a^rcatdiscoufidenee
in all Etnopeau Governments, and by this mean* some of
the most ( b<tmate mind- have bf  'ti opened to the idea of
an intimate alliance with the United States. The moment
la piopiuous.
And now, my dear Mr. L)avi<, feeling that 1 have not
been as u-eful in this inattei as I desired, wuh piofound
re.-pect and the greatest esteem, i rem mi \om servant,
A. C. TAVAUES BASTOS.
I trust, Mr. Speaker, that 1 have dearly shown
that the great material interests of this country
will be promoted by the inauguration of such a
policy as this bill contemplates. Nor does jt in-
volve less grave considerations ofa political char-
acter. Great political considerations, of trans-
cendent importance, are involved in the question
of intimate postal and commercial communica-
i tiorcs with our neighbors upon tins continent. .Wo
"i need that friendship of these iW-Mghbot ing rnttirt^S
which always follows intercourse. The G«Vv *rn-
; meiTis of Europe' are seeking to establish their
]| institutions and their policy upon'this continent*
\> Nor will pretexts ever be wanting to ihe am-
!j bilious and unscrupulous. We ought not to allow
■ i them to outstrip us by means of steamcoramu-
rncation which we ourselves can better supply-
I in securing to themselves the great advantages
j which this system of national policy unquestion-
.[ ably gives them. Establish steam commmnca-
;| tion, such as this bill contemplates, with South
j America, and you will not see England a great
;• while longer exporting to Brazil ^26,O(J0>GDO in
i| merchandise, and taking m return less than half
that amount, and the United States exporting
| only $6,000,000, while she imports of Brazilian
i! pioducis over $20,000,900 per annum.
| The South American nations are all anxious to
|j establish more intimate political and commoicial
' relations with this eountiy. They dread the en-
croaching and grasping policy oftheGovei nments
of the Old World, and they are looking to the Gov-
ernment of the United States as a barrierand shield7
I to (he aggressions and usurpations of European
1 policy. Some object to the inauguration of thia'
'j policy now because it would burden the nation
ii withadditior.nl debt which we aie now so poorly
'j able to bear. .No one, 1 know, can f< el more tit eply
'' than I do the necessity for cuitailing and econo-
;i mizmg in all our expenditures; but there is no
i; policy that we can adopt that will develop our
i' resources, increase our means, and strengthen
ji our credit so much in piopottion to the expemli-
/ ture incurred, as the adoption of this system which
'' this bill inaugurates. I hope to see ere long the
development ofa system of ocean steam naviga-
1 tion and foreign mail service worthy a great mari-
l| timenation like oui own,and somewhat commen-
\\ surate with the power and influence which this
i Government ouirht to possess among the natinna
|| of the earth. When this is accomplished—and
ii no more opportune time than the present will
j! probably ever be presented for its inauguration—
:j what an evidence of power and stien^th wili bo
exhibited to foreign Governments! A nation en-
| gaged m the mightiest struggle the world has ever
j witnessed, with itsflag flying from the mast-head
: of its steanieis u;«on every sea, disputing ior
maritime supremacy with the great Powers of
Europe, and wresting; irom their tenacious grasp
that great prize the carrying-trade of the world.
Then, indeed, may we stand erect upon foreign
soil and point with proud satisfaction to the fact
i that we are American citizens.
I Mr. PRUYN. With the consent of the gen-
J tleman from Indiana, I desire to say a few words
I upon the .subject of this hill.
I I have listened with gi eat inteiest to the remarks
I of the gentleman from Massachusetts, the chair-
man of l he Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, in reference to the importance of ihe hill,
upon t lie i m porta nee of cultivating closer relat ionsj
between this country and the gr< at empire of the
South American continent. The empire of Bra-
zil is, next to this counti y, the largest on this con-
tinent. It possesses a sod which is vei v tich, and
which produces many articles of necessity in this
country which are hugely impoited from B'azil,
Our commetce with that empire is already laige
and rapidly increasing. They are very earnest in
their desire for closer relations with the United
States than those which now subsist.
It is not necessary heie to go into detail of the
facts in regard to the relations existing between
Brazil and Great Britain further than to bay, if I
am correctly informed, they are not as cordial as
they have been, and to add that the emperor arid
authorities of Brazil are looking earnestly to the
cultivation of closer relations with this country
( than have heretofore existed.
ij It is mortifying to know. Mr. Speaker, that if
,j any gentleman wants to go to Brazil or any
ii South American Stare, he must, in the first place,
'j cross the ocean to England or France, and then
ji take an English or French steamer by the way of
'] the West Indies. We have no direct commerce
\\ by steam with that part of the continent.
ij I am glad to see a very liberal bill, as I unuer-
;• stand this to be, has been introduced by the Com-
'! mitfee on the Post Office and Post Roads for the
I' establishment of postal relations with Biazil,snd
