1863.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Em's.
Ourown experience and thatof Europe demon-
strates that correspondence increases with every
facility for its conduct, and free delivery in the
principal towns and cities has been proved in the
mother country to be a facility attended wity very
remarkable results. Further time is required to
prove whether it will operate in the same way
here, but, as far as ascertained, the results arc
highly satisfactory.
in the city of New York there are now, daily,
five deliveries from the office, and six collections
of letters for the mails from the depositories in
the various parts of the city. During the quarter
ending September 30, 1863, there were delivered
by carriers 2,069,418 letters, and 1,810,717 col-
lected for the mails and city delivery, being an
increase of 968,825 letters (about 25 per cent.)
over the preceding and last quarter under the old
system. Returns from other offices indicate re-
sults equally flattering.
A table exhibiting the offices at which the new
system is in operation, the number of carriers at
each, with their aggregatecompensation,appears
in the Appendix, JNo. 3.
foreign mails. ,
The aggregate amount of postage (inland, sea,
and foreign) upon the mails exchanged during the
year with Great Britain, Prussia, France, Ham-
buig, Bremen, and Belgium, was $1,224,675 21;
an increase of $80,573 39, as compared with the
preceding year. Of ihisamount ^757,038 99 was
collected in the United States, and $467,636 22 in
Europe; the excess of collections in the United
States being $289,402 77. The tables accom-
panying the report of the Auditor, and table No.
4, hereto annexed, show the details of the ser-
vice between this and the several foreign postal
departments.
The total postages upon mails exchanged with
the British North American provinces was
$225,743 30, being an increase of $47,989 79 over
the amount report# d for the previous year. Of
this amount $124,480 45 was collected in the
United States, and $101,262 85 m the. Biitish
provinces. Excess in favoi of the United States,
$23,217 60.
The total postages upon the mails conveyed to
and from the West Indies amounted to $54,997 24.
Of which amount the sum of $40,584 87 was paid
to the owners of the steamships performing the
sea service to and from Havana and other West
India ports.
The amount of United States postages on the
mails exchanged with Central and South America,
via Aspinwall and Panama, was $15,078 26—all
of which was paid to Cornelius Vandorbilt, Esq.,
for the transportation ihereofio and from Panama.
The total cost of the United States transatlantic
mail steamship service was $332,184 80; being
the aggregate amount of sea postage upon the
mails^conveyed. The earnings of the respective
steamship lines performing the service were as
follows, namely:
The Liverpool and New York and Philadelphia Steam-
ship Company, performingfllty-thieo round ti ip* beiween
New York, Q,ueenstown, and Liverpool... .<$180,076 54
The Canadian line of mail steamers,performing
fifty-two round trip* between Poitiand and
Liverpool, and Q,uebec and Liverpool   72.643 40
The Norrii Genuan Lloyd Steamship Company,
porlorminj* fourteen and one half round trips
between New York arid Southampton  46,9*29 01
The New Yotk and Hamburg Steamship Com-
pany, perfot mine thirteen round trips between
New York and Southampton.  33,234 05
German Postal Union.
1 regret to state that no progress has been made
since my last report in the negotiations for a new
postal convention with Prussia, embracing the
States composing the German-Austrian Postal
Union. It was then confidently expcctcd that a
new convention resulting in important reductions
of postage, the conclusion of which was made
to depend upon the concurrent action of Great
Britain, would have been agreed upon at an early
date. But on account of some obstacle presented
by Austria in respect to a pioposed reduction of
ti o territorial transit charges upon British closed
mails conveyed through that country, no result
hflH been attained.
Great Britain.
Additional articles to the United Slates and Bi it-
if-h postal con vention have been agreed upon, redu-
cing the transit charges upon all closed mails sent
by either country through the territory of the
other to a uniform standard of fourpence (eight
cents) per ounce for letters, and fivepence (ten
cents) per pound for printed papers. The re-
duced rates, however, are not to take effect until
the negotiations ppnding between the British post
office and the German post offices, on the subject
of a mutual exchange of closed mails, have been
satisfactorily concluded. A copy of these addi-
tional articles is annexed, (No. 5.)
Additional articles have also been agreed upon
between this Department and the British post
office, establishingon the part of the United States
a new office of exchange at San Francisco for the
correspondence dispatched from the United King-
dom for California, Oregon, Washington Terri-
tory, the Sandwich Islands, British Columbia,
and Vancouver's Island. A copy is annexed,
(No. 6.)
Vancouver's Island and British Columbia,
The coriespondence passing through the mails
between the United States and the British prov-
inces on the northwest coast of America having
greatly increased in bulk within the past few
years, it has become necessary to concludc postal
conventions with the provinces of Vancouver's
Island and British Columbia, establishing and
regulating an interchange of mails. I have there-
fore proposed to the postal authorities of those
provinces to adopt a similar arrangement to that
in operation with Canada and the other British
North American provinces. The proposition has
been favorably received, and I hope soon to con-
clude postal conventions on that basis.
Costa Rica.
The rates of postage levied in Costa Rica upon
thecorrespondence addressed to and received from
the United States having- been reduced by a de-
cree of the legislative chambers of that republic,
of the 1st September, 1862, to one half those pre-
viously charged, a like reduction of the United
States postage, chargeable upon the correspond-
ence sent to or received from Costa Rica, was
ordeied on the 18th of May, 1863, by and with
the advice and consent of the President, m con-
formity with the provisions of the second section
of the act of March 3, 1851. A reciprocal reduc-
tion was thus made in the rates of postage levied
in each country, securing to international corre-
spondence all the advantages proposed by the
postal convention, as originally negotiated and ap-
proved by the Senate; but which, for the reason
stated in my previous report, was not ratified by
the Government of Costa Rica.
Ecuador.
I have also to state that negotiations are pend-
ing for a postal convention with Ecuador similar
to that concluded with Guatemala.
Private Ships to convey Mails.
I take occasion to renew the recommendation
made in my letter of March 3, 1862, addiessed to
Messrs. Collamerand Colfax, chairmen, respect-
ively, of the Post Office Committees of the Senate
and the House of Representatives, that all private
ships or vessels departing from the United States
for foreign ports should be required, as the con-
dition of their clearance, to convey the mails upon
such terms as are now or may hereafter be al-
lowed by Congress.
International Postal Conference.
Fn my last annual report I stated some of the
reasons which rendered general concert of action
necessary between the Post Office Department of
the United States and the postal administrations
of foreign Governments. The conference, at that
time proposed, assembled at Paris on the 11th day
of May, 1863, and its deliberations were con-
ducted under the presidency of the able Director
General of Posts of France, M. Vandal. A more
numerous representation of foreign Governments
appeared than 1 had ventured to anticipate. Del-
egates were present from the post departments of
Austria, Belgium, Costa Riea, Denmark, Spain,
the United States, France, Great Britain, Italy,
the jN'etheilands, Portugal, Prussia, the Sandwich
Islands, Switzerland, and the Hanseatic cities;
and the Government of Ecuador adhered by letter
to the action of the conference. The debates not
only exhibited distinguished ability, and a thor-
ough acquaintance with postal relations, but a
most gratifying spirit of liberality towards the
popular interests involved in international inter-
course. In addition to the principles settled by
the conference, the information with respect to
different systems of administration, exchanged
among the delegates, gave a new motive to postal
improvement. Much valuable information touch-
ingforeign administrations, which was transmitted
to this Department in the reports of the United
States delegate, will aid me in the future improve-
ments in our domestic administration which 1 hope
to effect at an early period.
The following rules, thirty-one in number, were
agreed upon by the conference:
Sectiojt 1. The articles which must or may be
forwarded by the post from one country to an-
other are divided into six classes: 1st, ordinary
letters; 2d, registered letters, without declaration
of value; 3d, registered letters containing declared
value; 4th, corrected proof-sheets, business pa-
pers, and other written documents not of the
nature of letters; 5th, samples of merchandise
(including grains and seeds) of limited weight
and without mercantile value; 6th, printed matter
of all kinds in sheets, (stitched or bound,) sheets
of music, engravings, lithographs, photographs,
drawings, maps, and plans.
Sec. 2. Wherever it is possible, the prepay-
ment of postage upon ordinary letters should be
at the option of the sender; but, in ease of such
optional prepayment, unpaid letters must bear a
moderate additional chaige.
Sec. 3. Letters insufficiently prepaid by the
postal stamps of the dispatching country must
be rated as unpaid, deducting, however, the value
of the stamps affixed.
Sec. 4. Registered letters, whether with or
without declaration of value, must in all cases be
prepaid to destination.
Sec. 5. All articles under bands, in order to
take the benefitof a rate of postage less than that
applicable to letters, must be prepaid.
Sec. 6. International correspondence of all
kinds, duly prepaid to destination, shall not be
charged with any additional rate whatever on
delivery.
Sec. 7. The rates upon international corre-
spondence shall be established according to the
same scale of weight in all countries.
Sec. 8. The metrical decimal system,being that
which best satisfies the demands of the postal
service, shall be adopted for international postal
relations, to the exclusion of every othersystem.
Sec. 9. The single rate upon international let-
ters shall be applied to each standaid weight of
fifteen grammes, or fiactional part of it.
Sec. 10. The single rate upon corrected proof-
sheets, upon written documents not of the nature
of letters, and upon samples of merchandise,
(including seeds,) shall be applied to each stand-
ard weight of forty grammes, or Pactional part
thereof, to one address.
Sec. 11. The standard weight for the single rate
upon articles under band, embraced in the sixth
class of the first resolution aforesaid, must be
established by special convention between the
contracting parties.
Sec. 12. The rate upon letters must be fixed
according to the weight stated by the dispatching
office, except in case of manifest error.
Sec. 13. Registered letters, without declaration
of value, shall be rated with a moderate fixed
charge in addition to the rate applicable to ordi-
! nary"letters of the same weight.
Sec. 14. Registered letters, containing declared
value, shall be rated with a charge in proportion
to the amount of the declared value, in addition
to the postage and to the fixed Charge applicable
to the. other class of registered letters.
Sec. 15. In case of loss of a registered letter
without declared lolue, and in case of loss or
spoliation ofa registered letter with declared value,
I each office shalfbe held responsible, for acts upon
| its own terntory, and m the service for which it
i has received a premium of insurance. Fifty francs
I should be allowed to the sender of an unvalued
1 registered letter lost, and for a valued registered
i letter so much of the declared value as shall have
1 been lost or abstracted.
I Sec. 16. Whereverintermediato transit charges
I render it practicable, the rates upon international
