THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
cortimercial relations, which, in their results in a
few years, will be of great interest and import-
ance to the country. I sincerely trust that this
bill will receive the unanimous assent of the House,
and that we will show to Brazil, which is so
well disposed toward us, by prompt and unani-
mous action, that the American people fully ap-
preciate their g.oqd feeling towar/d us and are anx-
ious. for the doaer relations which we trust will
swu grow up between the two countries.
Mr..STIJVENS rose.
. The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to t,he floor, * '
Mr, STEVENS. J hope he does not propose
to call the previous question before this bill has
been considered.
Mr. ALLEY. I will yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I do notknow
whether this bill has been printed, but I cannot
ijnd it on my file. I do not know how much it
contains. When the bill was first reported by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, if I recollect
rightly, it provided for a subsidy of $150,000.
Wow, sir, I thought we had concluded to abandon
Hie system of granting these subsidies to lines of
ocean steamers. We tried it for a time with the
Qollinssteamers, and then we abandoned if. We
lpft everything open to competition, as it ought
to be.
- But if it were ever proper to grant these sub-
sidies to one line in preference to another, it seems
to me that now is not the time to inaugurate the
measure. While gold ranges from seventy to one
hundred per cent, premium, while we are spend-
ing |3,000,000 every day to provide for the armies,
and incurring debts to the amount that we can
realize from loans and taxation, I submit is not
the time to pass even a meritorious subsidy. It
is said that this is such a one,and I suppose itis.
1 know nothing about it. I suppose that this is
not the proper time, and I therefore move that
the further consideration of the bill be postponed
for two weeks.
Mr. ALLEY. I do not yield for that motion,
and 1 ought perhaps to make one rcmaik in re-
ply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, lie
has misapprehended the whole matter. The hill
does not provide for any subsidy to any particu-
lar line, but leaves it open to competition just
as he desires it. If the gentleman imd listened
to my remarks he would certainly not have made
his speech.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield to me.
Mr. ALLEY. Certainly.
Mr. ICASSON. Mr. Speaker, thi.s bill was
reported on the 4th of March, 18G'l, and was
ordered to be printed and has been before the
House for several weeks. As it relates to a sub-
ject in which 1 have taken considerable inter-
est, not merely in the direction of Brazil but in
all other directions across the ocean, I desire to
oecupy the attention of the House for a few
moments. It provides for an amount not ex-
ceeding ยง150,000 on the part of the United States,
with the promise that Brazil shall pay an equal
amount maid of the line.
Let me say to gentlemen, as one important fact
connected with this matter, that in my investiga-
tions last summer as to the connection between
the transportation of the mails and the transpor-
tation of articles of commerce, I found that com-
merce had grown, perhaps, 1 may say, to a much
greater degree than the increased transportation
of the mails; that in proportion as you develop
mail communication between any two countries
engaged in commerce, in thatsameproportion,or
greater, you develop commercial transportation
between any two commercial countries. Take,
for instance, the English steamship line down the
coast of South America on the west side, from
Panama to Chili, which is perhaps the richest
company in the world as a transportation com-
pany. It was first engaged by the British Gov-
ernment for the purpose of carrying the mails of
England, which were transported across the isth-
mus and thence south, touching at the various
ports on that coast. Commencing with that, it
has developed certain commercial relations which
legitimately belong to the city of New York, or
other financial centers of this country. It has not
only done that, but it has thrown all the great
commercial transactions of South America into
English bottoms and for the support of English
commerce; all. of which belongs to the United
States of America by every legitimate consider-
ation you can apply to such a question.
Perhaps with still greater emphasis may that
be said of the commerce upon the eastern coast
of South America, where the lines from New
York, Boston, Baltimore, and Philadelphia to the
Brazilian coast must necessarily furnish an imme-
diate and important communication for commerce
between the United States and the intermediate
ports.
I find on looking at this bill that it provides
that this line may be required to touch at other
intermediate ports. By touching at St. Thomas
and other ports it intercepts the English and
French lines and furnishes a very important com-
munication for our commercial public with differ-
ent countries, a fact of very great importance.
This being the bill, although I have been, I
think I may almost say, the inflexible opponent
of the system of subsidies, I have yielded my
views in favor of this bill, because I find that
more money will come to the people and to the
Treasury of the United-States,in my judgment,
by the adoption of the bill than you will save by
refusing the subsidy. And on this ground I sup-
part the bill. -
We have a margin of over twelve million dollars
of trade against us with Brazil, as stated by the
gentleman fron^, Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] in
his carefully prepared speech; and we cannot ex-
pect successfully to reduce that margin against us,
which is drawing gold from this country and call-
ing for exchange upon London to be sent to Bra-
zil, until you establish some regular and reliable
communication for commerce which will tend to
reduce that balance by furnishing increased fa-
cilities for the exportation of our products to
Brazil.
Mr. MALLORY. In connection with this
matter I wish to inquire of the gentleman from
Iowa whether before the Government pays this
bounty of $150,000 to establish this mail com-
munication with Brazil, he does not think we
ought to inquire whether the Government intends
to cut down the mail service upon our own home
lines.
And I wish to inquire of the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the bill which I under-
stand him to say he is now ready to report from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
in reference to the overland mail route to San Fran-
cisco diminishes the service upon that route, and
whether that is the Senate bill, or the House bill
amended bv the Senate.
Mr. ALLEY. I will answer the gentleman
with great pleasure. That matter, as 1 stated
before, is before our committee for consideration,
but it is not proper for me to say here, before the
report is made, whether the committee will agree
with the Senate or not. It is a Senate bill.
I can only say in regard to the intimation which
the gentleman made in reference to the reduction
of the appropriation, that so far as the service is
concerned it will not be reduced, but the amount
which will be paid will depend upon the result of
the investigations now being made by the com-
mittee. I say, for one, that I have gone over the
matter very carefully and thoroughly, and I in-
tend to investigate it most fully, and if the result
of that investigation shall show that it is not
worth anything like the sum of money which the
Senate supposes, and which the Senate bill pro-
vides for, we shall most certainly report in favor
of a reduction of the amount. IIow that will be,
time will determine.
" Mr. MALLORY. If the gentleman from Iowa
will allow me, I will say that 1 misunderstood the
gentleman from Massachusetts this morning when
he responded to my first inquiry. I understood
him then to say that he had authority from his
committee to report on that subject this morning,
and I thcieforc supposed that the report was pre-
pared, and that he could communicate the char-
acter of it to the House. 1 will now say that I
made the inquiry because the action of thnsc of
us who are interested, as the gentleman from Iowa
is, in this overland route, may depend somewhat
upon this disposition that the committee may make
of that other matter in which we feel so deep an
interest.
Mr. ALLEY. 1 can only eay in reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky that if he intends to
govern his vote by the action of the committee
upon another bill entirely independent and irre-
spective of this, he does not follow that course
which, in my opinion, an American legislator
ought to pursue. I can only say that so far as
that question is concerned, every member of the
committee is favorably inclined, so far as I know,
to all the parties in interest and to the service;
and I have no doubt that whatever the result of
their investigations may be, the conclusion which
they will adopt will be in accordance with the
facts,and I think will meet the approbation of the
friends of the measure.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts that a member from
Kentucky in this Houseshapeshiscourseonpub-
lic matters without caring much as to what the
opinion of the gentleman from Massachusetts may
be as to what course a statesman should or should
not pursue here. I happen to think that the duty
of a member of the House, in acting on a ques-
tion like this, is first to ascertain what is to be
done in reference to other matters of a similar
character in which he feels a deep interest. I, for
instance, am not opposed in principle to the meas-
ure which the gentleman has submitted to the
House. I am in favor of seeing our postal com-
munications extended. I agree with the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] in regard to that
matter, and I wish I could upon others.
Mr. KASSON. It is a great pity you cannot.
[Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to see the day when
we shall be connected by postal communications
with every nation with which we have commer-
cial intercourse. But I want the gentleman from
Massachusetts to understand that asan American
statesman, if I may call myself such, as a Repre-
sentative of the American people, it is not only
my right but my duty first to see that the postal
facilities within my own land are attended to by
the Government before we extend our postal com-
munications to every other nation on the face of
the earth.
Sir, if he thinks differently, he does not under-
stand what are the duties of an American Repre-
sentative and statesman. He ought to take every
measure into consideration that has been intro-
duced into the House in passing upon any one,
because the measures before the House have a
material influence one upon the other. As I said
before,we do not want to expend the public money
in bounties to establish foreign postal lines before
we learn whether the PostOffice Committee intend
to pursue a liberal course toward these lines of
postal communication within our own lines in
which we feel more interest than the one which
this bill pioposes to establish. I am obliged to
the genllem'an from Iowa for yielding to me.
Mr. ALLEY. I concur entirely with my dis-
tinguished friend from Kentucky in regard to his
ideas of the duties of American statesman, as he
has expressed them in his last remarks. If this
bill had any connection whatever with the bill
which the gentleman has referred to,then I agree
with him that the two measures should be consid-
ered together. But failingto perceive that it had
any connection whatever with this bill, I took the
gentleman's remark to be somewhat m the nature
of a threat, that if the commercial interests of the
country were protected and taken care of, then
the interests of the West and of the Pacificcoast
must be taken core of also, and he wished before
voting upon this bill to know whether the inter-
ests of his own section were to be protected, and
if not, that he would be opposed to this measure.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I think I can
understand the'positions of both the gentlemen
who have engaged in this side debate, aside from
this Brazilian subject. The distinguished gentle-
man from Kentucky insists that this overland
mail shall be sustained to a point of practical and
successful efficiency. I ugiee with him. I shake
hands with him on that subject, and shall con-
tinue to do so. No measure on which we may
vote shall be permitted, so far as I am concerned,
to interfere with the success of that great internal
line which is becoming more and more necessary
for the country intermediate between the Slates
and the Pacific coast, as well as for tin: eastern
and western coasts of the counti y. And if I sup-
posed that this was in any way prejudicial to that
measure, I should certainly be very reluctant to
support it. On the contrary, they are, as sug-
