1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
therefore, we had better either strike out the ap-
propriation entirely with all the conditions, or
else insert simply a proposition to build the hos-
pital at any place at Kittery, Maine, if that is a
sufficient description; and I would not require it
to bo built within or without the navy-yard.
Mr. CLARK. I have not entered at all into
this controversy that has been going on in regard
to a piece, of land adjacent to the navy-yard at
Kittery; but it seems to me that the course sug-
gested by the Senator from Ohio is the true course
for the Senate to pursue; and that is to leaveitto
the Department to select the place for this hos-
pital, either within the navy-yard or without the
yard. There may be room in the yard, for it is a
little rising sixty acres—I think sixty-three or
sixty-four acres—where this hospital may be
crowded in; but the yard is occupied for the va-
rious uses of the Government and the residences
for the officers of the Government, and it has for
a long time been desirable to have an addition to
that yard. If it is desirable, then, to have an ad-
dition to the yard itself forthe storage of coal and
vanous other purposes, why should we take up
a portion of the yard, which is aheady too small,
m order to put a hospital upon it if the authori-
ties deem it best to build that hospital without the
yard? There are abundance of places all about
that harbor where a hospital could be erected.
Within the past year SPfehip infected with disease
entered that harbor and was obliged to lay to
down in the lower harbor. She could not come
up to the navy-yard on account of the danger of
communicating that disease to the people about
the yard.
Mr. GRIMES. Would she come up if a hos-
pital were there?
Mr. CLARJv. She probably would not come
up if there was a hospital there. 1 think a vessel
infected as she was should lie at quarantine, or
send her inmates to pest-houses.
But if it is desired there is an abundance of room
about that harbor to erect a hospital where it will
be convenient to ships, and where persons can bo
put in the hospital, or where they can be removed
from the ship without danger of communicating
disease to the people in the yard. ) tlo not see
why, if left to the authorities, they will not select
a propel place. I do not see why the Senator
from Iowa should wish to confine the Department
to the yard itself, if the Department think it best
to erect it outside of the yard. I am entirely will-
ing to leave it to the authorities to selectany place
in that vicinity. I am willing to confine them to
the town of Kittery; I do not want to biiugitover
to Portsmouth; and within the town of Kittery
there is an abundance of room from which to se-
lect a site. If they think it best to go into the
yard 1 am entiiely content. If they think it best
to have it on an island in the harbor I am entirely
content. I only desire that the public scrvice
shall be subsetved in this matter.
Mr. HALE. I simply want to say in answer
to the Senator from Iowa, who says that if it had
not been for my interference this hospital would
have been built two or three years ago 
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so.
Mr. HALE. You said so substantially.
Mr. GRIMES. The gentleman may apply it
to himself, if he chooses; but J did not say so.
Mr. HALE. What did you say?
Mr. GRIMES. I said that if it had not been
for the parties who manifested a particular interest
in tins subject, it would have been built three
years a°-o, and I think so yet.
Mr. HALE. Let me say to the Senator that
so far as 1 am concerned, I knew nothing about
it. This law as it stood was pioposed in the
House ofRepresentativesand passed by the Iiouse
of Repiesentatives, and 1 did not know it was
passed until it came here in a piloted bill. I never
had a word with any human being about it. It
carau here and was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. Wo had a discussion about it and
the law was passed; and all under heaven that I
ever asked the Secretary or anybody else to do
was to execute the law, and that the Depsu tment
ofused to do, obstinately refused to do, ill my
udo-ment perversely refused to do.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I felt some little
iutt.iesi m this discussion simply with a view of
ascertaining what the light of the matter is. It
strikes mentis a very peculiar controversy^ I
understand that Congress has madean appiopua-
tion to purchase a piece of land to use as a part
of the navy-yard. I understand, for some reason
or other, that law has not been executed; the land
lias not been purchased. Then there came before
the Committee on Finance the other day this bill
making an appropriation to build a hospital at
this place, and there was a proviso in that appro-
priation which prohibited the erection of the hos-
pital within the limits of the navy-yard. There
seems to be oil the part of some Senators a very
serious objection to that prohibition; and yet it
seems to be conceded that that clause prohibits
nothing but what has been observed in reference
to every other navy-yard in the country. It seems
to be admitted that there is no other navy-yard
within the limits of which a hospital is placed.
1 thought it curious that there should be a con-
troversy about a clause in the bill which prohibits
the doing of that which has not been done any-
where else. Accompanying that fact with the
fact that the law which appropriated money foi
the purchase of lands adjacent to the navy-yard
has not been executed, I confess I got the im-
pression that somebody connected with the Navy
Department wanted to get an unrestricted appro-
priation for the purpose of building a hospital,
and to hold that over the owners of the adjacent
land interrorem with a view of compelling a pur-
chase at their own terms. It seemed to me mani-
festly improper that such a hospital should be
placed within the limits of a navy-yard; for if
persons are confined within it with contagious
diseases it would endanger the workmen. If they
are confined from any diseases whatever the noise
necessarily experienced where work of tluit kind
is going on must be injurious to the sick; and
therefoie I thought the prohibition was a proper
one.
Ijutwhethftr proper or not, inasmuch as tile De-
pal tment has observed that very thing in lefer-
ence to all other navy-yaids, as it is comeded, 1
cannot see why there should be any strenuous
objection to putting this prohibition here. It ef-
fects nothing; it is only just such prudence as that
which they, without the dictation of Congress,
have obseived Willi refetonce to eveiy othei hos-
pital. Hut the Senator from New Hampshire,
who is the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and who knows the locality, and who
knows moie about the matter than I do, seems to
be entirely willing that this pi obiintioll shall be
stricken out, and if so, of" course J shall not make
any objection.
i state these views simply for the purpose of
explaining the difficulty 1 had in getting at tho-
ught of the case.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators in favor
of the pioposed amendment will say " ay."
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know what
the amendment is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is to strike out
" Poitsiiiouth, New Hampshire," and nisei t
" Kittery navy-yard, Maine."
Mr. IHLK. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the pend-
ing amendment. _ It has been modified by the Sen-
ator from Mai lie'so as to strike out "Portsmouth,
New Hampshire," and insert "Kittery navy-
yard."
Mr. GRIMES. If it will be more satisfactory
I will suggest that we amend it so as to lead
" for erecting naval hospital foi the Kittery navy-
yard, Maine," and then they can put it where
they have a mind to.
Mi. FESSIiNDEN. 1 have no objection to
that modification.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator so
modifies Ins amendment,and it will be so put,to
strike out " Portsmouth, New Hampshire," and
to insert the words " for the Kittery navy-yaid,
Maine."
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know what maybe
the object of the honorable Senator from Maine,
but I think they will be sure to put it in the yard
under that amendment.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggest, if the Senator will
' pardon me, that if we leave it now as it was
originally moved it will be expressive of what I
think the Senate desire, "for erecting"^ naval
hospital at Kittery, Maine." The yard is in
" Kitterv, and that seems to me to be. all the limit-
1 ation we ons;bt to put upon it.
ji The VICE PRESIDENT. Tbc question is oil
ji agreeing to the amendment as modified.
Mr. CLARK. How does that modification
read ? ' ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' The amendment
as modified is to strike out the worda " Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire," and inseft "for the
Kittery navy-yard, Maine."
Mr. CLARIt. That, I hope, will not- be
agreed to. • '
Mr. JOHNSON. Can the proposition be di-
vided?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No, sir. By the
rules of the Senate a motion to strike Out and in-
sert cannot be divided.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing .to acceprt the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. Then I presume we can all agree
upon that. I suppose the Senator from Maine has
no objection to it.
Mr'. PESSENDEN. None at all.
Mr. CLARK. Then I propose to strike out
"Portsmouth, New Hampshire," and insert
" Kittery, Maine;" so thatit will read:
Foi electing naval hospital at Kiltery, Maine, ^95,000.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree to it with the under-
standing that the Department has unlimited power
to go within or without the navy-yard.
The. VICE PRESIDENT. The question, then,
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to strike out " Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire," and insert "Kittery, Maine."
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on striking out the whole clause as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 9, line two hundred nod twelve, after the ap-
propriation for a naval hospital at Washington
City, to strike out the following piovUo:
I'iovule<l. That neither ot said hospitals shrill tie eiccti-d
within tla-'piesent limits of the navv-yatds; ami the cost
of said hospital" and extension of said asjiuiu sjiaii be paid
out of tile aceinmiluted hospital fluid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 10, after line two hundred and sixteen, to
strike out the following clause: . *
For filliiltme. stove-, carpets eases I'm record-, and im-
pel.-, fuel, Station! i v, and coutnitreiit expense*, in tile office
of legi.slei ot doedi'for the District ot Columbia,
The next amendment of the committee was on
page 10, after line two bundled and twenty, to
stnkc out the following clause:
To supply dcfieienej in ill.- appiopi nition for purchase of
tenth and e'lnvi-ntli volumes Statutes at I.ai;-e. s.':>.?i;5.
Mr. TllUM BULL. 1 should like to inquire
why that is proposed to be stricken nut. I be-
lieve we have those books oil our tables here, and
if so they ought to be paid for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will state the reason.
Congress m 1855 inserted an item in the appro-
priation bill appt opriati ng -£7,01)0 forthe purchase
of two thousand volumes of the tenth volume of
the Statutes at Largo underthe direction of thcSec-
retary of State. There was a contract for the
pu i chase of one thousand volumes; but under that
appropriation they purchased nil they wanted,
which wasone thousand six hundred and fivevol-
unies. The same thing took place again ill 1858
or lb5!) with regard to "the eleventh volume, and
tliey then purchased one thousand six hundred
and fi\e volunics, and they were distributed ac-"
cording to law.
A few days after Mr. Usher came into office as
Secietary of the Intel lor a eleik came to him and
tolil him that those appropriations had not been
expended; that them were two thousand volumes,
authorized'to be puichased and only one thousand
six hundred and five had been purchased, and it
was advisable, as the books wen; on band, to take
the balance. They had, mind you, at the time
this con versatioll took place, only twen ty-two sets.
Mr. Usher was ignorant with regald to the sub-
ject, and he gave the order for the puichase, think-
'ing tliey weie provided for bylaw, whereupon
nearly eight hundred volumes, three hundred and
: ninety-five volumes of each of these odd volumes,
i were ordered and sent on by Little & Brown to
' the Department. When they came there Mr. Usher
applied for money to pay the bill, but found that
i ail the appropriations had gone into the surplus
!i fund of the Treasury and there was nothing to
ii pay with. When Congress met he sent a corn-
i| munication here, which he did not write but which
|| was written probably by the same clerk, saying
