1864.
the mNmmmoNMs <S$QB&"
268a
have hoard me when I was up before. I repeat,
it either does or does not come under the preced-
ing clause:
On nil diamonds, emniald", precious stones, and imita-
tions thereof, and aii ouier jewelry, a duty of ten percent-
ad vg!oi em.
That must be paid according to the language .of
the act. If I, for instance, have fvaid that duty
on a diamond, and then carry it to a jeweler and.
have it set over again at an expense of tendoUars,
I have got to pay the whole duty over again, ac-
cording to the Senator's proposition*
Mr. TEN EYCK. If that is its.effect I ehidl
insist upon the amendment.
Mr. F&SSENDEN. I do not see any other
effect; that is, if it is subject to that clause. If
it is not subject to that clause, then it is only say-
ing, " As long asyou keep your diamond at home
you need not pay anything; but if you have it
reset you shall pay ten per cent, on the value of
the diamond." Of course nobody would have
them reset under, those circumstances.
Mr. TEN EYCK. What does the duty in
this clause refer to? A duty on importation?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read it again:
On all diamonds, emeralds,- pieclous stone*, aud imita-
tions thereof, a-ud all other jewelry, a duty of ten pur cent.
ad valotem.
Mr. TE^N" EYCK. That means a duty under
this internal revenue law.
' Mr. FESSENDEN". Of course.
Mr. TEN EYCK. Then where is the propri-
ety of subjecting these precious stones to a duty
of ten per cent, ad valorem upon the article, when,
if it is made to appear that it has once been set
befoie, it is not subject to a duty of ten percent,
at all, but only a duty levied upon the resetting,
which may be of the value of five dollars when
the diamond is worth $1,000. That is the way I
understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As I read ita duty of ten
percent, is to be collected upon all these stones in
the hands of whoever may have them. Now, then,
that duty being paid, if you choose to put them
into another shape at an expense of ten dollars,
you must pay the whole duty over again, accord-
ing to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see any such diffi-
culty as the Senator from New Jersey supposes.
All diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, &c., in
the condition in which they shall be, have to pay
a duty of ten per cent.; that is, without any refer-
ence to any import duty that they may have
paid. All diamonds now in the country upon
which duties may have been paid upon the im-
portation are, in the hands of the holders of such
diamonds, to be subjected to a further duty of ten
percent, ad valorem, But it may happen that the
diamonds, emeralds, &c., which are now in the
country, and on which is to be assessed a duty of
ten per cent, ad valorem, may have an additional
value imparted to them by being reset; and the
provision in the proviso is that where they are re-
set the duty shall be paid only upon the value of
the setting. But for a provision of that descrip-
tion, if you were to state that ail diamonds in the
country shall first pay a duty of ten percent., and
then that all such diamonds when they shall he
reset shall be subject to a duty $d valorem upon
their tl^en value, including the value of the dia-
mond and the value of theresetting you would im-
pose a double duty upon the diamond.
Mr. HARRIS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maryland what construction he puts
upon the words kt imported from foreign countries
or upon which import duties have been paid" in
that very proviso, if his construction ofit be cor-
lect, it seems to me those words are very useless
.there.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was looking to the first
part of the clause independent of the proviso. The
first part of it is in these vyords:
On all diamonds, emeralds, precious nones, and imita-
tions thereof, arid all other jewelry, adujyot ten peicent.
ad valorem.
Then it provides:
Provided, That when diamond*, emerald-;, precious
btorms, and imitations thereof, unpolled lion] foicign coun-
tries, or upon willed import duties have been paid, shall
he bet or reset in gold or any other material, the duty .-hull
be assessed and paid upon the value only of the settings.
The meaning of that is, that if it has paid the
import duties, that of itself is sufficient.
Mr. HARRIS. That is, equivalent to tins in-
ternal revenue duty.
- Mr. JOH-NSOlNf. Yets, sir.
Mr. HARRIS. That is the construction of
the Senator from New Jeisey.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it is to bs subjected
only to a duty, if it is reset, 011 the value of the
resetting.
Mr. HARRIS. If they have paid the foreign
duty, it exempts them from taxation.
Mr. JOHNSON. .Strikingout the.wo.rds " er
upon which import duties have befcn paid1" will
answer the purpose and effect the object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not .object to the
amendment o,f the Senator from New Jersey. It
can b© made now and the matter can be consid-
ered in the committee of conference.
Mr. HARRIS. Tins clause was not in the
old bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. . I will not object to it. I
confess I really do not understand what the ex-
act operation of the clause is. It may have the
effect that the Senator from New Jersey says,
and if so it ought to be amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have another amendment,
to be insetted on page 82, section seventy-three,
line twenty-nine, after the word "license," at the
end of the amendment that was inserted there by
the Committee on Finance. I propose to add a
further provision to secure the object of that
amendment, for the purpose of making it certain
that this section shall not be avoided by those
upon whom it is intended to have an effect. I
move to insert these words after the word " li-
cense:"
And in case any peddler shall refuse to produce his or her
Ilccn^c when demanded by any officer of internal levenue,
said officer may seize the horse, wagon, and contents or
pack, bundle, or basketof any pen-on so refusing,and hold
the same limit the license is pioduced.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. At the end of section one hun-
dred and nine, relating to banks and banking, I
move to insert the following additional proviso:
JlrtA provided, furthrr, That tiie notes or bills for circula-
tion of al! banks,associations,corporations, or individuals
issued before this act goes into operation shall not be liable
to pay any duty whatever,
I will say a word or two in explanation of this
amendment. The banks in Kentucky, with an
aggregate capital of some twelve or fourteen mil-
lion dollars, have a very small circulation of their
own paper and a large deposit of gold and silver.
They have been very anxious for the last two
years, ever since the legal-tender notes began to
circulate pretty freely, to withdraw all their ch-
elation, The Northern Bank of Kentucky, for
instance, has a capital of $2,250,000. Ita circu-
lation amounts to about ^900,000 and its specie
on hand to about $1,100,000, independent of its
assets in the form of paper upon other banks and
the notes of the United States. I suppose not
$100 of that paper has been put into circulation in
the last two years. On the contrary, the officers
of that bank have reported to me frequently that
they were extremely solicitous to get in their
whole circulation and they were offering induce-
ments, not in the way of premium but facilities
for banking operations, to get their paper returned
upon them.
One effect of the small amount of paper that
those banks have in circulation and the large
amount of paper that they have to redeem it has
been to raise the paper of those banks to a pre-
mium of from three to five per cent, upon the
greenbacks. The better currency is always
hoarded. The inferior currency, the more de-
preciated currency is always forced into circula-
tion by the holder. That has been the effect in
my State. I suppose these banks in the aggre-
gate have four or five million dollars of their
paper in circulation. There is not a dollar of it
out with their will. On the contrary they have
earnestly desired and have been making efforts
for theljist two years to obtain the return of all
their paper upon them, but they have been un-
able to effect it. It seems to me that that state
of fact furnishes an equitable and proper case in
which the duty upon the circulation of the banks,
on those banks at least, should not be imposed,
and I know of no pther mode by which to reach
it than to exempt them entirely from the duty
thatis proposed to be imposed upon the circulation
of the banks.
Mr. President, I agree with the proposition
made by the Senator from Maryland [Mr. John-
9.o«] .yesterday, tihjst % the purposs of restrict,.
ing.the circulation of State banks thft Congress of
the. United ,Sta,teS have ngtofte jot or,ti,!tJe qfggojw
stitutional power. I admit, that they >rnay: tax,a
bank circulation, but it ought to be wi:th,;the-.sftl§
object and view of getting, revenue? etnd tiofc^ith
the indirect putpose .of rpgulating4r forcing a
recall of the; circulation of State banks.; If the
Congress <?f the United}. Sllat^s wisn^etl-.to adopt
a salutary .rule in relation to this aubject.jtseems
to me it wovW.be somewhat-in this form: I,main-
tain that they have no right or, power whatever
to discriminate between th^, papsrcirciilfttiatvpf
the State banks and the associations going- into
operation under the banking law which ;w&s. re-
cently passed by the Senate; that .identically the
eame rate of taxation, or duty should be imposed
on the State banks as on the. association? under
the bank law recently passed by Congress, or
whieh probably Is yet in an inchoate state; they
ought to actopt a uniform .rule of taxation-, and
they have no power to discriminate in favor of
the associations going into, operation tinfjer the
legislation of Congress, and against ..the, State
banks, especially with a view to.restrict or tQtglly
annihilate their circulation.
Congress might discriminate upon principle in
relation to these,subjects and upon good' reason;
and that, to my mind, is this .character qf. dis-
crimination: let them tax the circulation of any
banks that do nqt redeem in gold and silver a
higher rate than those who dp redeem in gold and
silver. If they adopted that principle it would
operate wholesomely in relation to- the circula-
ting medium of the country. To claim for'Con-
gress under the clause of the CwstitHtiQn sp often
adverted to by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Doolittle,] granting to them the power " to
coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of
foreign com, and fix the standard of weights and
measures," an indirect power to determine or to
attempt to regulate what amount of property its
gold coin shall purchase, seems to me eminently
unsound.
They, have the same power oyer foreign coin
in relation t(^ regulating its value -as they have
over the coin which-they may authorize. The
words of the Constitution are:
" To coin money and regulate the value, thereof and of for-
eign coin."
They have precisely the same power over both
subjects,domestic com emitted under the author-
ity of Congress and foreign coin; and that is an
analogous power to w.hat follows in the clause in
the few words whieh I will read: "And fix the
standard of weights and measures."
Congress has the right, for the.eopvenience of
the country, in the sale of solids and liquids to
fix the standard qf weights and measures; but
that does not authorize Congress in,any way to
interfere with the market price which any of these
various species of solids and liquids may bring in
market. Its whole cffect is a restriction to the
exercise of the power in denominating what shall
be a bushel of solid.matter or what shall be a gal-
lon of liquid matter, that so many inches or. so
much of contents by any othermeasurementshall
be the medium by which these solids and liquids
shall be sold.
It is so in relation to coin. The wl>ole power-
of Congress over the subject of coin in regulating
its value is merely tp determine the denomination
by which the various classes of coin shall pass,
and nothing more. They authorize and direct so
many pennyweights or ounces of gold to bo coined,
and they denominate it an eagle or a double eagle.
So of silver; so many pennyweights of pure metal
and so much of alloy to be coin in silver dollars
pr half dollars. The whole power of Congress
to regulate that subject is simply to determine the
pay or the count at which these vaiious classes
of coin,goldorsily.er,shall pass. ThatCongress
under this power " to coin money and to regulate
the value thereof" has the indirect power to re-
strict, to interdict, to impose penalties or fines
upon the emission of State bank paper or to pro-
hibit it, is to my mind iUogjcsil a conclusion as
ever was drawn. The power to coin money and
to regulate the value thereof, in truth does not
give Congress a single iota of power over the cir-
culating paper of State banks.. It does not give
to Congress an iota of power to regulate the value
of coin, except to determine what shall^ be the
count of the various denominations of coitt, gold
