30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[October 31,
38th Cohg'. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. op Eeps.
received, registered, and returned for delivery to
the writers, was 8,332, and the aggregate nominal
value of their contents was $1,544,277 81, being
a decrease in the number of this class of letters,
as compared with the previous year, of 1,431, and
in the value of the inclosures of $645,172 19. Of
these letters 7,559 were delivered to the owners.
During the year 16,763 valuable letters or pack-
ages of a third class were received and registered.
Of these 12,579 were sent out for delivery, 10,918 of
which contained daguerreotypes or photographs,
764 articles of jewelry, and 897 miscellaneousarti-
cles. Out of the whole number sent from the
dead letter office for delivery, 8,273 were restored
to the writers or senders.
There has been a continued increase in the re-
ceipts of letters of the class under notice, the great
majority of which contain daguerreotypes or card
photographs, and of these a large proportion arc
sent by soldiers or their correspondents. The
whole number of such dead letters exceeds by 85
per cent, the amount thereof received in the pre-
ceding year. It will be observed that while there
has been a very considerable increase in the quan-
tity of dead letters containing money, and of those
covering daguerreotypes and miscellaneous arti-
cles, the number of such as contain deeds, bills of
exchange, drafts, <fcc., has sensibly diminished.
The increase of the two former classes is doubt-
less owing, in a'great degree, to the fact that the
mails are very generally used by the large num-
ber of persons in the military service of the Uni-
ted States, and by their numerous correspondents,
for the transmission of money, photographs, and
similar articles of value, while, on the other hand,
they have less occasion to forward by mail deeds,
drafts, or negotiable paper, than other classes of
the community. The nature of the military ser-
vice, and the many accidents to which soldiers are
liable, necessitates frequent changes of locality,
which retaid or prevent the delivery of their let-
ters, and many of these are, in consequence, sent
to the dead letter office. Upwards of five thou-
sand money letters, being nearly one fourth of the
whole of that class of letters received dunng the
year, were addressed to soldiers.
Reasons for Losses of Valuable Letters.
For the reasons above indicated, complaints of
the loss of money letters sent by or directed to
soldiers and their families have been numerous.
In many instances such losses were directly traced
to dishonest Icttei -carrieis in the militai y service,
and therefore beyond the control of this Depart-
ment. Moreover, many letters aie lost through
carelessness and indifference on the part of some
of the persons who distribute mail matter in our
armies. The power to correct or to lessen this
evil rests with commanding officers, who would
do their subordinates a great service by selecting
competent and reliable persons to superintend the
reception, transmission, and delivery of mail mat-
ter, and holding them responsible for the faithful
performance of these duties.
Money Order System.
In this connection 1 beg leave to renew the
recommendation made in my last annual report,
that a postal money order system be established
to facilitate the tiarismission of small sums of
money through the mails, which I am confident
would not only prove a great convenience to civil-
ians and soldieis, but would almost entirely obvi-
ate the ioss of money letters, the great majority
of which inclose small remittances.
Ccwscs of Non-delivery of Valuable Letters.
Upon an examination of the reasons for the non-
delivery of valuable letters, in the first instance,
to the persons addressed, it is found that, in ac-
coidanee with the pastexperience of this Depart-
ment, the failure of a letter to reach its destination
is, in the vast majority of instances, the fault
either of the writer or person addressed—such
fuiiuie being more frequently caused by a change
of residence of the latter.
Full details of the opeiations of the dead letter
oiiiee, with respect, to " money," " minor," and
" miscellaneous" letters, will be found in the
Appendix, tables Nos. 12, 13, and 14.
In compliance with a request from the War
Depaitment, 8,822 dead letteis and packets, con-
taining soldiers'descriptive lists and certificates
of discharge, have been transmitted to the Adju-
tant General, after being carefully registered in
this Department.
It appears from the foregoing statements that
the whole number of valuable dead letters regis-
tered and sentout from the dead letter office during
the past fiscal year was 42,613, being 17,202 more
than during the previous year.
In addition to the above, 55,044 letters con-
taining postage stamps or other articles of less
than one dollar in value, and which were not
deemed of sufficient importance to require regis-
tration, have been returned to the waters or send-
ers. Letters of this description which are not sus-
ceptible of restoration are destroyed, with their
contents. The number of postage stamps de-
stroyed in conformity with this practice, from
July 1, 1862, to 30th June, 1863, was 43,748, and
the aggregate value thereof was $1,318.
Letters held for Postage, fyc.
The number of letters which could not be for-
warded from the offices where mailed, or be de-
livered therefrom, because of unpaid postage, or
because so badly directed, and which were conse-
quently sent to the dead letter office, amounted to
196,414. The number thereof "held forpostage"
was 167,894, the number "held for carrier's fee"
9,954, (all of which latter were contributed ex-
clusively by the offices at Boston, New York, and
Philadelphia;) and the number " misdirected"
and imperfectly or illegibly addressed was 18,5G6,
of which nearly two thousand were without any
address or direction whatever, and in several in-
stances contained sums of money or other inclo-
sures of value.
The class of letters under consideration was
disposed of as follows, namely: 157,352 were dis-
patched to the writers or persons addressed; 753,
which originated in foreign countues with which
we have no postal conventions, were filed to await
application; and the remainder, consisting of no-
tices, advertisements, prospectuses of giftenter-
prises, fraudulent lottery circulars, valentines,and
similar worthless matter, were destroyed.
Table No. 15,accompanying this report, shows
the number of letters held for postage or carrier's
fee, or because misdirected, at foity-six of the
principal offices, together with the number de-
livered upon notification to the person addressed,
and the number sent to the dead letter office.
Under the provisions of the new postal law,
which went into opetation on the 1st July, 1863,
letteis are no longer detained in post offices on
account of unpaid postage or earner's fee.
Letters addressed to Points in the Rebellious States.
By reason of the continued suspension of regular
postal communication with sections of the country
under insurrectionary control, a considerable num-
ber of letters,amounting in thcaggi egate to 24,314,
found their way, by various channels, to the dead
letter office. Of these letters the number addressed
to rebel localities was 21,200, and out of this num-
ber 17,888 were of domestic, and 3,312 of foreign
origin. The former were marked " mails sus-
pended," and sent back to the writers; and the
latter were returned, with a similar indorsement,
to the countries where they originated. Of the
class under consideration, 3,114 were written in
localities not subject to the authoiity of the United
States Government. Nearly all letters of this
description weie placed m the custody of this De-
partment by the military authorities, who very
properly have entire control of the transmission
of correspondence beyond or into their lines; and
most of them were originally sent unsealed to the
commanding officer at Fortress Monroe by flag of
truce. These letters were, after examination,
duly mailed to the persons addressed, charged
with dead letter postage.
Ordinary Dead Letters.
Under the authority given to the Postmaster
General by the act approved January 21, 1s62,
ii 1,007,255 ordinary dead letters, not evidently
;■ woithless, were placed in new envelopes and re-
; j turned to the offices where originally mailed, to be
delivered to the writers. Of this number, 4,898
ij wore sent to banks and insurance companies;
89,642 to business firms, and the remainder to in-
divuluals. Nineteen thousand and two of these
letters, which were directed to sick and wounded
soldiers in hospitals, and failed to reach the per-
sons addressed, were returned free of postage to
the writers, generally relatives of soldiers, and
the greater portion of them were delivered. The
number of dead letters of the class under notice,
written in foreign languages, was 35,861. (For
details see table No. 16.)
Of the whole number sent out for restoration to
the writers, 287,211, being about twenty-five per
cent., were again returned to the Department. In
the great majority of instances the reasons assigned
by the postmaster for such return were, " not
calledfor," "notknown,"or " notfound." The
proportion "refused" was comparatively small,
not exceeding twelve per cent. Since the reduc-
tion in the rate of dead letter postage from six to
three cents, which took effect on the 1st of July
last, this proportion has steadily decreased.
After deducting from the whole number of let-
ters sent out such as were returned a second time,
and those sent free of postage, including hospital
letters, &c., there remained 692,220 letters on
which dead letter postage was collected at six cents
each, yielding a gross revenue to the Department
of $41,533 20, which exceeds by $21,533 20 the
aggregate compensation of the clerks employed in
sending out these letters. At the present reduced
rate of three rents for a single return letter, there
would still have been a surplus of $1,533 20, while
it is confidently believed that a much larger num-
ber of return letters will hereafter be delivered to
the writers, not only in consequence of the reduc-
tion of dead letter postage under the new postal
law, but also of the more prompt restoration of
such letters. To secuie the latter result the De-
partment has .instructed postmasters to forward to
the dead letter office, except in special cases, all
letters remaining unclaimed one month after being
advertised, instead of two months, as formerly.
Foreign Dead Letters.
The number of dead letters returned unopened
to foreign countries during the year was 137,145,
and the amount of unpaid postage theieon was
$8,281 40. The number received in the same con-
dition from foreign countries was51,619, on which
the unpaid postage amounted to £1,479 53. (Seo
tables Nos. 17 and 18.)
It was found that among the unpaid foreign
dead letters a considerable number directed to offi-
cers and soidiersin the field remained undelivered,
not having been claimed nor postage paid thereon
by the persons addressed, although a notice in
directed to the latter by postmasters in every case.
To secure the delivery of as many of these letters
as possible, a record of them was carefully kept
since the 17th of April last, and a list of those
directed to each regiment was sent monthly to the
commanding officer, with a request that if the per-
son addressed was still attached to the regiment,
an application, accompanied with the amount of
postage due, might be made for his letter; if not,
that the cause of his abscncc from the regiment
might be stated. By this means, out of 1,527
letters of this class, 323 weredelivered, and some.
800, before being returned to foreign countries,
were indorsed with a statement of the cause of non-
delivery, such as "dead," "discharged," "dis-
missed," " resigned," &c.—information which
in many instances could not fail to prove import-
ant to the writer, who is usually a relative of the
soldier.
Correspondence Unpaid and not Franked.
By the provisions of the thirty-second section
of the new postal law, which took effect on the
1st of July, 1863, nil coriespondence addressed
to any Executive Department, or to any officer
therein, must be prepaid, except official commu-
nications written by some officer of the Depart-
ment, or an officer under its control or responsible
to it, and in such cases it is required that the officer
shall sign his name, with his official designation,
under the woids "official business" ©n the en-
velope.
As correspondence of this nature had invaria-
bly been transmitted free of postage under foimcr
postal laws, a ngid enforcement of the restriction
in question was not at first attempted, until suffi-
cient time had elapsed for the public to become
familiar with the requirements of the new law.
It was found, however, at the expiration of
more than two months, that private individuals
