1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Slate, and at still a different rate in a third State?
Could they impose a varying rate of taxation
upon the same article in any or in all States? Not
at all. I think it is a constitutional and funda-
mental principle of taxation that the rate of tax-
ation imposed upon any subject under the same
state of circumstances must be equal and uniform,
whether that subject is held by A or B, and that,
consequently, this varying tax which the Sena-
tor from Ohio suggests would be an infraction of
that principle, would beunjustin itself,and ought
not to be adopted; and I hold that Congress has
no power whatever to legislate upon or to attempt
to regulate this subject.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to hear from my
friend from Kentucky as to the effect of his amend-
ment in one respect. Suppose that his amend-
ment should be adopted, and that the circulating
notes now out should be reissued by the banks,
would they be taxable?
Mr. DAVIS, Oh, yes, certainly; that would
be an issue. A reissue is an issue. The amend-
ment applies only to notes that have been issued
and that are now in circulation.
Mr. HENDERSON. The difficulty about the
amendment is that we cannot distinguish between
those notes now out and those reissued unless we
provide some means by which they shall be
stamped when they come in.
Mr. DAVIS. If the body is disposed to ac-
cept the amendment which I have offered, when
the bill comes into the Senate we can provide some
mode for identifying the notes. The suggestion
of the Senator from Missouri is very timely and
very proper.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think there would be
some difficulty about it as it now stands.
Mr. DAVIS. But for the purpose of testing
the principle, the vote may be taken on the amend-
ment in its present form; and if the principle
should be favored by the Senate, the matter can
be readily provided for; if it should not be, there
will be no necessity for providing for it.
The amendment was rejected—ayes three, noes
not counted.
Mr. CLARIC. I move to amend the bill by
striking out in line four hundred and fifty-seven
of section ninety-three, on page 145, the words
"and snuff-flour,"so as to leave the tax to be as-
sessed on the snuff when it is manufactured and
ready for sale. The distinction between snuff-
flour and snuff is this: the snuff-flour is the to-
bacco after it is ground and before it is manufac-
tured into snuff by pickling or scenting or any-
thing of that kind, and the two provisions here
make a difficulty. It is sometimes to be taxed as
snuff-flour and sometimes as snuff, and between
the two you may not get any tax. My proposi-
tion is to strike out " snuff-nour" and leave it to
be taxed as snuff when prepared for the market,
because in manufacturing it into snuff the weight
is increased about one seventh, and youget more
pounds to tax, and it is better for the Government
to do it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think I can offer an
amendment that will be better for the revenue and
it may perhaps meet the case. I would insert
after line four hundred and fifty-nine this proviso:
Provided, That the tax on snuff or snulf-flour shall he
paid by Hie person or persons grinding the same, and snuff-
flour having once paid a tax shall not be subject to any ad-
ditional tax after being mixed or scented, except upon the
additional weight added thereto.
Ground tobacco is not snuff; but, as I am in-
formed, druggists and other dealers in snuff are
in the habit of purchasing ground tobacco," snuff-
flour," as it is called, and manufacturing it them-
selves; and yet no collector would think of going
into one of those places to collect a tax on snuff;
and this is the only way, in my estimation, to
insure the collection in every instance of the tax.
I am informed that it is a very common occur-
rence for a druggist or a dealer in snuff to pur-
chase ten, fifteen,or twenty bushels of snuff-flour,
and manufacture it himself into snuff, without.any
tax ever being previously laid. The result ot that
will be absolutely to defraud the Treasury out of
this tax of thirty-five cents a pound which belongs
to us.
Mr. CLARK. It is as I had supposed; I had
seen the proposition of the Senator, and I know
very well whence it comes, and it is worthy of
some attention. Rut upon careful consideration
and upon information from other people, I had
thought this was the better way, and if we strike
out " snuff-flour" in this clause it will leave the
whole matter to be considered between the two
Houses; and then I propose to put in after the
word " tobacco" in line four hundred and fifty-
seven the words "or any substitute therefor,"
and let it stand for further conference. The pro-
viso presented by the Senator from Michigan does
not avoid the difficulty I suggested, that between
the two forms of snuff and snuff-flour the Gov-
ernment may lose more than would be gained the
other way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not understand the Senator from-Michigan as
moving an amendment. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I propose further to amend by
striking out the four hundred and sixtieth, four
hundred and sixty-first, and four hundred and
sixty-second lines of section ninety-three, which
arc in the words: "On tobacco, fine-cut, sold or
delivered loose, in bulk, or in packages, papers,
wrappers, or boxes, thirty-five cents per pound;"
and inserting in lieu thereof:
On fine-cut chewing tobacco, whether manufactured
with the stem in or not, and however sold, whether loose,
in bulk, or in packages, papers, wrappers, or boxes, forty-
five cents per pound.
It will be observed that I have increased the
percentage on the article from thirty-five to forty-
five cents a pound. This fine-cut is made of the
very finest kind of tobacco produced in the coun-
try, and 1 am told by those people who are ac-
quainted with it and know it that it will bear a
tax of forty-five or fifty cents a pound. I have
retained it, therefore, in this form, hoping to in-
crease the tax upon it, and get a little more rev-
enue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Now, I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will allow us to take up
the question in the next clause on striking out
"seven" and inserting " eight," and let that be
disposed of.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot do that, because I
have got that whole matter of cigars under fur-
ther consideration. I propose further to amend
the bill on the 144th page by striking out from
the four hundred and forty-sixth to the four hun-
dred and fifty-second lines, inclusive, of the nine-
ty-third section, which aie in these words:
On tobiicoo, cavendish, plus, twist, and manufactured
tobacco not othei wise provided lor, of all descriptions, (not
including snuff, cigar*, tine-cut, smoking tobacco made
exclusively of stems and not sweetened or otherwise pre-
pared, nor shorts or other refuse separated from fine-cut
tobacco in the process of manufacturing,) ami on stemmed
tobacco, llurty-livo eenlh per pound.
And inserting the following in lieu thereof:
On cavendish, plug, twi^t, and all other kinds of man-
ufactiiH'd tobacco not herein provided for, from winch the
stem has been taken in whole or in part, or which is sweet-
ened, thirty-five cents per pound.
On Mnolcing tobacco manufactured with all the 5-tem in,
the leaf not having been butted or stripped from the stem,
and on lefute tobacco known as fine-cut shorts, twenty-
five cents per pound.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to amend that
amendment by striking out " twenty-five cents"
and inserting " twenty cents" in the last clause.
My object in moving this amendment is to in-
crease the revenue. I believe we shall receive
more revenue from a tax of twenty cents than we
shall from a tax of twenty-five cents, and I really
believe we should receive more from a tax of fif-
teen cents than a tax of twenty cents, because any
man can step into a store and purchase a leaf of
tobacco which pays no tax and with his jack-
knife make precisely as good smoking tobacco as
can be made by any manufacturer in the United
Slates. 1 think I will first propose to strike out
" twenty-five" and insert " fifteen" as a revenue
measuie, as a measure which I believe will yield
more revenue than can be obtained from a tax of
twenty-five cents.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. JOHNSON. It would be better at twenty
cents.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will put it back at twenty
cents.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope it will not be made
twenty, because the Senate will observe that we
have a further provision in the four hundred and
fifty-third line of this section, that on smoking
tobacco made excluwvely ot stemr., there shall be
a: duty of fifteen cents a pourid.anfif that; provides
a cheap kind of tobacco. I had this matter of fix-
ing the duty on smoking tobacco at 'tjvettty*' or
twenty-five cents under consideration, and while
the gentlemen whom I may say the Senator rep-
resents, and from whom he gets his i-riformatioij,
advised that there should be but one rate of tax,
and that at twenty cents, I'thought it was better
to put the low kind at fifteen cents,.and thip kind
at twenty-five cents, because If you do not have
a cheap kind of tobacco taxfid with the stems' in
at fifteen cents, which the people will use, they
will'get it from th6 farmers tb some extent. 1
came to the conclusion, and that was the coriclii-
sion of a large number of personsengaged irrthis
matter, who seemed to be honestly for the Gov-
ernment, that it was better for the Government to
retain the higher duty on this article and put a little
lower on the other. 1 propose to make two grades
of smoking tobacco—that which is manufactured
of the stems and leaf, including the fine-cut shorts,
at twenty-five cents, and that which is manufac-
tured exclusively of the stem, at fifteen cents. I
think it is better for the Government, notwith-
standing that I differ from the Senator from Michi-
gan-
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed by large
dealers and manufacturers that the price of stems
is from two to three cents a pound, while the
price of the quality of tobacco from winch smok-
ing tobacco is manufactured is from three to five
cents, a very slight difference indeed. Now, 1
am told that if we make this large difference of
ten cents a pound in the tax, the effect will be to
raise the price of stems absolutely above the value
of the leaf itself. A further effect will be to drive
smokers of this low grade to the use of the leaf
prepared by themselves, and so the revenue,
instead of being increased, will be largely dimin-
ished.
There is another item in this account, the shorts.
I am informed that small manufacturers, those
who pay from five hundred to a thousand dollars
a month tax to the Government, find no difficulty
in getting rid of their shorts, while large manufac-
turers, who pay from ten to twelve thousand dol-
lars a month to the Government, accumulate them
very largely. Now, the Senator professes to put
an shorts a tax of twenty-five cents a pound as
wellas upon smoking tobacco. These snorts are
the refuse of chewing tobacco. They will not
sell to-day for the amount that you propose to
put on in the shape of a tax. They accumulate
largely upon the hands of the large manufacturers.
It would be a hardship and an injury, which I
think ought not to be inflicted upon them. I
think that the tax should not exceed fifteen cents
a pound; but still, if the Senate sees fit to put
twenty cents a pound upon smoking, shorts, and
all, perhaps it would be satisfactory to all par-
ties, and I am sure it would increase the revenue
of the Government.
Mr. CLARK. TheSenate cannotexpect—and
if it does expect it cannot succeed in the expect-
ation—to satisfy all the manufacturers of tobacco;
but I am very glad that the Senator has called
the attention of the Senate and called my atten-
tion to this matter of the shorts, because it is a
matter in which the manufacturers defraud the
Government as much as in anything else. The
shorts, proper, are the refuse or fine dust of the
tobacco as it drops out in manufacture. You
may add to that almost any of the fine tobacco,
and still call it shorts,and have it go into this
very low grade which the Senator would put at
fifteen cents. I did propose to put the fine-cut
shorts into the high grade at thirty-five cents, be-
cause they defrauded the Government so much
in that matter; but on conference with large num-
bers of tobacco dealers they all agreed, with the
exception of the gentleman to whom the Senator
refers and from whom ho gets his information,
that they should go into the twenty-five cent rate.
The Government is very liable to be defrauded
by the mixture of a very good article with the
shorts. It only needs to pulverize it and .put it
in with the shorts, and the result is the very best
kind of smoking tobacco; and that the Senator
would have at fifteen cents a pound. Itis better,
in my judgment, that it should be put in with
the twenty-five cent kind.
The Senator will observe that as this bill came
from the House of Representatives all smoking
tobacco was put in the twenty-five ccnt grade ex-
