THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Expended,'as 1 understand,-but-he simply sub-
'IftUs to Congress his estimates for additional ap-
propriations. -
The Committee on Agriculture were desirous
to economize as far as possible. We desired to
■see this bureau—it ought to" be called a bureau
and not-a. department-i-started on>as economical
"principles as possible, and therefore we reduced
his--estimatefrom $12,700 to something between
four and live thousand dollars; 1 have not com-
puted' the prccise sum, but it is something over
foUr thousand dollars;' We allowed only those
-ittifts which -were1 really deficiencies. Postage,
for instance, is one of them.' When thu regular
appropriation was made lie did not anticipate
the payment of postage, but by a change of the
law he is required to pay $1,200 postage. We
Allowed him that. A fire occurred which de-
* stroyed one of the buildings at the propagating
-gi-mien. We allow for repairs of that. Thconly
contingent item of the several he asked for which
we have allowed is the' appropriation for sor-
ghum seed. He gives a reason why it may be
politic to distribute sorghum seed among certain
agricultural districts where the frosts destroyed
the seed. If any kind of seed should be distrib-
uted among the agricultural community it is this
'kind of seed which cannot be bought m the mar-
ket, and which must be imported from China.
' Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know whether
the committee informed themselves as to there
being no sorghum seed in the market.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 cannot say how the fact
is from personal knowledge, bui the Commissioner
says that in certain large disti icts of country, and
i know that?fret myself as to «, large portion of
the State of Ohio, the sorghum was destroyed and
'tho corn Was very materially injured, probably to
the amount of half the crop.
Mr. GRIMES. That 1 understand to be the
fact, but I wanted to know whether the committee
had informed themselves that there was no sor-
ghum seed in the market, and hence the necessity
for the appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. We did not go to inquire
whether itcould be bought here ortherc; we must
take the report of the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture. X'le said it became important by reason of
the failure of the crop to send abroad for seed,
and we thought $2,000 was a small enough sum
to be expended for that purpose,and we allowed it.
Mr. GRIMES. Why do you allow it, if you
do not know that the seed stores do not sell it >
Mr. SH ERM AN. Because the Commissioner
of Agriculture said it was neccssary. Now allow
me to say to the Senator from Moine and to tho
Senator from Iowa that they apply to this esti-
mate a different rule from that which they apply
to ihe estimates of any other Department of the
Government. The Sonator from Maine has re-
ported a bill here which contains this item:
<l Foi the continuation of the north wins of iho Ti canny
extension, tenenig, grading, and mu>eulUuieoiH Hems,
That is a deficiency. If the Senator from Maine
were to declare here, " We will notallow the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to goon and anticipate mo
large an appropriation; it is a violation of first
principles," &e., &c., it would be well enough;
but you are applying to this small Department or
small bureau rules which you do not apply to
others. I say you ought to overlook some of the
strict rules as to the smaller matters of appropn-
atiou and look chiefly to the large ones.
Now,in regard to deficiencies. Our deficiency
bills have always been in my judgment too large,
and I have been in favor of applying as strict rules
to them as anybody else; but there are contingen-
cies arising in the management of a Government
like outs when deficiency bills become necessary.
They are submitted to our judgment. If they are
submitted to us in proper language we consider
them, and this bill contains millions of dollars of
appropriation 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to add neatly
a bundled millions more.
Mr. SHERMAN. One hundred millions to
be put in, and one hundred millions that grow out
of a violation of the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can discuss that here-
after; that is my opinion; but at any rate these de-
ficiencies grow up. If the Senator will only pre-
scribe sfcmerule in regard to deficiencies, and stand
to it, and enforce it against all the? Departments of
the Government, I shall be very ready to join htm,
but we know it is not done. Every Department
of this Government has in this bill appropriations
for deficiencies, and wo have' not applied to any
Department or to any branch of the Government
the rule that the Senator now says is a correct
one, and which I agree with him in principle is
correct. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
does not understand me. If 1 am wrong as to the
money having been spent, if the fact appears from
the communication that the Commissioner has not
actually made the purchases, the remarks which
1 made on that point do not apply. What I ob-
jected to was that tho head of a Department should
undertake to do a thing which he was not author-
ized by law to do, and create a deficiency in that
way. If he has not done that 1 am mistaken
about it, and have done him injustice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think he has done
it, judging from his communication. I have no
other information from him on the subject than
as I dcuve it fiom his communication. I have
had no conversation with the Commissioner; but
judging from his communication I infer that he
has not incurred this expenditure, but ho only
says that he will need this money to carry out
such and such objectsduring the current year. I
do not understand that he has incurred thus ex-
penditure. lie has not the money; he cannot
draw money fiom the Treasury without an ap-
propriation; and if he makes contracts in antici-
pation of the appropriation we have a perfect
right to reject those contracts, Tho Committee
on Agriculture have not allowed his estimates,
but have gone on the supposition that the money
is asked for futuie expenses. lie may peihaps
buy the seed that is wanted from the seed dealers
m this country, lie may perhaps buy the seed
in Iowa, and thus facilitate its distribution among
the fannersotKentucky,Ohio,and Indiana, where
the frosts were more sei lotusly felt, lie may not
go out of this countiy, and probably he will not
have time now to go out of the country to get this
seed. It seems to me it is a very small matter to
apply a strict rule upon. I think it is better to
deal with this Depai tment of the Government as
we deal with others.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator from
Ohio—and I also call the attention ol the Senator
from Iowa, [M r. 1 Iari.anJ—listen to the language
of the, commonication:
u The distinctive fios-ts of last autumn in a laigc pait of
the \YV--t icmlciod entuely woi Ihh-v- many impni taut ^i-eiU
wliu h I have hem called upon to buppfy, chief of which
is the -oi^'mm. now !>eeoniin<! one ot the 1110.-1 impoitant
nop-, of ihe countiy. In *t\eint ot tin: Imijo State*- the
^eed wns -o jteneniliy do,-ttoyed that I have Irlt obliged at
the urgent calls of laimeis to send ubuhul lot a irosli sup-
ply ot ptn e M'ed."
ilns he not sent? Again, and heic is a new
thing;
"Tin* Ineica-an? belief antony the people; in the
hiluv of piodtienu,' an e\ce!lent ai tielc ol Mlk fiom the ailan-
t!m> Mlkwoim, and icpeufed inijiuies foi the mean*; of in
piodueiiDii have ted me to outei a lanre quannty of < ocoons
nom IV.ince, when' it h.i-> piovcd ,i pet toet t-ueec-is."
Has it not been done ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems from the com-
munication that it has been done; but we have
not allowed the cocoons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That brings him within
the scope of my remaik, that he undertook, with-
out authonty of law, without having any money
for the purpose, of his own motion, because he
judged it nee,ess,uy, to introduce a totally new
thing into the countrv.
Mr. Sll ERM AN. I will venture the assertion
that there is not a head of a Department who has
not done the same thing. This criticism is not
applied to any Department or anywhere except
to this little oifice, to the head of the Bureau of
Agriculture.
Air. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator point
out such a case? 1 know of none.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will point out a case.
Take the very case that the Senator suggested be-
fore. He is going tooflforan amendment to provide
for a deficiency of about ninety million dollars in
the Department of the Secretary of War, where
he proceeded without law to give a bounty of
three or four hundred dollars to every soldier who
might enlist in the service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me state to my friend
that the deficiency called for here, and for which
I shall ode 1 an amendment, does not touch that,
and does not apply to it in any shape or form.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it is one of those cases
where the head of a Department has,in anticipa-
tion of Congress, made an order 01* a contract.
That contract is void, and we may throw upon
the Commissioner of Agriculture the purchase of
these seeds, and compel him to pay for them out
of his own pocket. He does all these acts at his
own peril. ButI say this strict rule which is now
spoken of is not applied toany other Department
of the Government, because they all do anticipate
legislation by Congress. I will give the Senator
another case, in winch we all concurred and all
approved and ratified the conduct of the Execu-
tive. The President of the United States, before
we convened here in July, 1861, increased the
regular Army of the United States, and issued
seveial proclamations which it was conceded on
all hands weie not justified by law. He did those
acts in anticipation of the action of Congress,
und we all justified him, and I now justify him
for that course. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States had that very question before them in
a recent case, and they said that those proclama-
tions of the President, although not justified by
law, although not within the constitutional power
conferred upon the President, were yet valid be-
cause they were ratified by the subsequent action
of Congress,.and that ratification extended to the
original act of the President and made it valid,
legal, and binding.
So in this case. All these Departments do in
anticipation of our action sometimes make con-
tracts,and whenever they do so they do it at their
own peril, and if we do not approve them we
reject them.
I hope, therefore, this §2,000 will be allowed for
the soighum seed, and I think the Commissioner
of Agriculture will, from the reproaches that have
been cast upon him by the Senator from Maine,
learn a lesson, and will probably he more caieful
in the fiUuie,aud so undoubtedly some good will
result from the debate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in regard to
the Senator's instances. If he can find any sim-
ilarity between a state of the country when in
order to save the country the President was justi-
fied in anticipating the action of Congress and the
action of tho Commissionerof Agriculture in pur-
chasing cocoons, he may make the most of it. 1
think there is a very striking difference between
the two cases. I stated befoic and I state now
that there may be cases where the President is
authorized to take very strong measures, but I
have never applied that to the Departments; and
with reference to what he calls the action of the
Secretary of War, let me say that action was not
the action of the Secretary of War out of which
the case grew, but it was the action of the Pres-
ident when he issued his proclamation and ai^-
thow&cd or directed that thiee hundred thousand
further Hoops should be raised, and a certain
amount of bounty paid them. That was where
the difficulty arose. So far as the Secretary of
Warhud taken any action he acted strictly within
the law; he attempted to appropriate the money
which he had received for commutation in a way
in which ho had a perfect right to apply it,and if
it had been confined to that there would have been
no broach of the law. But the President chose
afterwards to issue his proclamation in which he
ordcied the levy of three hundred thousand men
and piomised them this large amount of money.
It was his act,and not that of fehe Secretary. So
far as^hat is concerned I expressed my opinion
upon that heretofore, and just as readily and just
as strongly as I now expiess my opinion in ref-
erence to the action of the head of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture. 1 have not known such
instances in the cases of heads of Departments,
and I do not think an instance can be found of
such action as this.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 do not agree with the Sen-
ator fiom Maine in the inference he draws from
the language of the head of the Department, that
these expenditures have absolutely been made.
He does not say so, and it is not clearly infer-
able from the manner in which he makes these
purchases. A large appropriation is made of
many thousands of dollars to enable him to pro-
cure seeds generally. These are for spring crops
and summer crops and autumnal crops. He has
ordered from abroad, he says, a supply of wheat
