1864.
THE CONGRESSTO^AL ^LOil.
mt
of that great instrument they provided both for
welcoming the industrial and commercial adven-
turers from other countries, and also gave power
to make ptovision for the casualties that might
arise from the spirit of adventure which must
ever govern those who would develop the re-
sources of a new and great country. The wise
foresight of our fathers has been overlooked, for-
gotten, or willfully ignored. Now, in the midst
of civil war, when all the business interests of4 the
nation are afloat upon a sea of uncertainty, when
the States have found that their imperfect legis-
lation on the subject of insolvency has become,
under the prohibitory clause of the Constitution,
of little use to the citizens of the United States,
we are called upon to carry into effect this great
unexecuted provision of the Constitution.
The bill before you is intended to be a thoroughly-
practical one; It contains no theories; it antici-
pates no undiscovered emergencies. It deals with
the fact called bankruptcy. Evciy one knows
what that is. It is insolvency beyond the reason-
able chance of recovery. The signs and proofs
of it are well known. The first principle of all
such systems of laws is, that when that fact oc-
curs, the administration of the bankrupt's effects
belongs to his creditors and not to himself. Coupled
with this is also the merciful provision, that if the
insolvent surrenders all his property for such ad-
ministration, and shows that he has been honest
and faithful in conducting his affaiis, he should be
discharged from the obligations which by acci-
dent or misfortune he has not been able to per-
form. If hopeless insolvency be commercial death,
then the bankrupt laws open to the honest bank-
rupt freedom from his debts, and the road to a new
commercial life.
In this country there neither is nor can be any
privileged class who should enjoy the benefit of
such a system of laws. All lire liable to insol-
vency, and all are equally entitled to relief. If
time permitted it would be interesting to give the
history of the English bankrupt laws, which were
originally confined to traders, and which have been
gradually enlarged to include all persons,like the
one which we now report.
The tests of this insolvency beyond reasonable
hope are of two classes:
I. Thq  bankrupt's own admission of it.
II. The pioof of the facts, which are the best
evidence of the insolvent's hopeless condition, and
which are conclusive of it unless explained by
equally satisfactory evidence.
The bil! therefore contains provisions both for
voluntary and involuntary bankruptcy.
In the course of true, healthy, honest business,
the person who finds himself m a condition of
hopeless insolvency, whatever may be his occu-
pation, should at once call his creditors together
and submit to them what he should do for their
mutual interest, and both creditors and debtor
should unite upon some plan which will secure the
rights of each and all. But unfortunately under
the common law, and under that law as controlled
and regulated by the laws of the several States,
such a notification from the debtor would only
prompt the creditor whose claim was soonest due
to seek the privilege which legal proceedings for
the collection of his debt would give him, and
the debtor would either be deprived ofhis property
by process of law, or deprive himself of it by as-
signment m favor of some ofhis creditors to the
entire exclusion of others. Those who receive
nothing will give the debtor no discharge, and the
law as it stands in nearly all the States makes
the debtor upon the verge of insolvency, and his
creditors,common enemies, with such melancholy
results as we see all over tiie land.
The bill now presented is believed to be the first
attempt in this country to bring the failing debtor
and his cieditors upon a ground of negotiation
and settlement equally beneficial to each. The
bankiupt act of 18U0 was for the benefit of credit-
or only. It was a careful digest of the English
statutes of bankruptcy to that date, without any
study as to their adaptation to the exigencies of
business in this country. Any lawyer or man of
business, by even a cursory examination of Us
provisions, can see the causes of its failure.
The bankiupt act of 1841 was substantially for
the benefit of debtors only. It was reported ori-
ginally as a puiely voluntary system. In the
course of discussion certain amendments were
ingrafted upon it which seemed to favor ciedit-
ors, but which were soon found out to be almost
entirely illusory. This objection to the law was
weil taken in the debate before its enactment, and
was one of the causes, if not the main cause,
which induced its sudden repeal.
The points aimed to be secured by the bill 'now
reported are:
1. The discharge of the honest debtor upon the
surrender ofhis property.
2. The protection of the creditor against the
fraudulent practices and reckless conduct of his
debtor.
I presume the first question fhat everyone will
ask, for it is the question which has caused thfe
greatestdifficulty to thecommittce,willbe,howcan
this be done with the present judicial system of the
United States without great and inordinate delay
and expense? Thefailmgof the formerlaws was
in a great degree owing to the inefficient and cum-
brous machinery by which they Were attempted
to be carried into effect, and to the want of uhi-
formity in the proceedings and practice. The
answer to this question will be found in the first
twelve sections of this bill. The district courts
are made courts of bankruptcy. All initial pro-
ceedings must be had in them. If the judge can-
not dispose of the cases in a reasonable time, he
may have an assistant. Butexperience has shown
that nine tenths of the business in courts of bank-
ruptcy and insolvency is of a mere formal char-
acter. Heretofore this classof business has wasted
the time of the courts, and no substantial benefit
has been obtained by the appointment of com-
missioners, who exercised an undefined and in a
great degree an irresponsible jurisdiction. Ap-
peals from their decisions filled the courts. This
system wasted the time of the courts, the funds
of the bankrupt's estate, and brought the system
into disrepute.
The committee have proposed to remedy the
faults of the old system by the creation of a
class of officers called registers. They are au-
thorized to transact all the business of the court
when there is no opposing interest. If they find
an opposing interest in any case they are author-
ized to state the question in writing and certify
it into the court for the decision of the. judge.
They are the hands and the eyes of the court, but
are not clothed with its powers or its discietion.
They are to be paid a limited salary out of a fund
to be collected by fees, and their interest as well
as their duty is to discourage litigation.
The first idea of such officers originated in
Massachusetts and was mcoi pointed into their in-
solvent law. It was copied thence into the bank-
rupt law of England of 1861. The committee
have adopted and modified it to make itapphcable
to the wants of this country, which are far be-
yond those of any individual State, like Massa-
chusetts or England. The uniformity of pro-
ceedings and piactice under the law are secuied
by a provision for general rules which shall bo
applicable to all the judicial districts.
Under the bankrupt law of 1841 every district
judge was authorized to make rules for the prac-
tice in his courts. Each of them exercised this
power. The consequence was that instead of the
country's having a uniform system of bankruptcy
there were as many systems of practice as theie
were districts.
The uniformity of practice under the proposed
bill will be sccured by a code of rules to be estab-
lished by commissioners appointed by the Su-
preme Court. Befoie they take effect they must
have the sanction of one of the judges of that tri-
bunal. It is impossible to make provisions in
any statute for all the details of proceedings and
p actice m the courts, and it is essential that uni-
formity should be sccured in all the couits of the
United States. It seemed best to the committer
that all such rules should be fiamed and carried
into effect under the highest judicial sanction.
The committee have adopted the system of
creditors' assignees, and have rejected all the
cumbrous machinery of official assignees, account-
ants, registry of courts,and accountantgenerals.
Insolvency is a matter between the bankruptand
his ereditois, and can best be managed by them
under the direction of the coutts.
In the respects just named this bill differs from
foimer laws. Every questron raised by litigants
contesting the bankiupt's discharge must be heard
and decided by a responsible judge in open court,
upon an h&ue made up by the justicc or stated
by one ot the fegifster^ of tH&'ctfWt.* It may be
taken for grafted that no 'qtj^tion will /then be
raised which isnotone "which' ought! to'be thus
heard and decided. The interests 6f tiie parties
would be opposed to delay or to the presentation
of frivolous questions. .
The mode of proceeding in' voluntary '.Bank-
ruptcy will be found in the thirteenth Section.'5
, The powers, duties, and obligations of assign-
ees Will be found in sections fourtpen'to twenty-
one, inclusive. It is sufficient to state; that," they
are at all tim!es wn'der the con trol of the creditors
and of the court, (
The proof of debits, the protection of the fund,
the rejection of fictitious debts and of fraudulent
claims, the examiftatioh ofth'e bankrupt,the distri-
bution of the estate, the limitation of preferences,
"and the requisites to procure a discharge are also
provided for, and will be found within sections
twenty-two and forty-eight.
The limitations upon the discharge will be found
in sections thirty-six and thirty-seven.
In sections thirty-eight and forty-eight will be
found two importarttprovisions. One is allow-
ance to the bankrupt out of'the fund, if he is ~m
honest debtor, so that he may_ not be turned adrift
upon the world without a dime if he has honestly
surrendered his effects for administration and dis-
tribution by his creditors.
The other gives him an opportunity of meeting
his creditors, and if they are satisfied of his in-
tegrity and ability, to permit them to wind up, his
affairs under a trust deed with the same effect as
if the proceedings had bfecn conducted throughout
m the court of bankruptcy.
Here the debtor and his creditors meet upon
the common ground of obligation and duty which
underlies all these systems, and this provision
compels obedience to the dictate of duty.
There are creditors who systematically refuse
a discharge; men who profess to be Christians
with Shylock's principles. I have met many of
them, and I presume many of us have. It is to
prevent the tyranny of such creditors that laws
like this should be passed.
Consider the effect of this conduct upon those
who have met with misfortune in business. If
they have dealt with one of these Shylocks they
have no hope of relief. All the other creditors
may be willing to receive the proffered dividend if
satisfied of its fairness, but none desire that one
shall have an advantage over the rest. The con-
sequence is that the debtor continues to secrete
and hold his property, to cover it up by the in-
genious network of fraudulent contrivances and
conveyances that no court, in the absence of a bank-
rupt law, and in the face of the strong swearing
of the debtor and his friends, has ever been able
to break through. The debtor hides himself be-
hind all sorts of subterfuges. He loses all sense
of mercantile honor; he borrows the name of
some irresponsible person, behind which he may
use his secreted capital; he advertises himself as
agent for his father, son, or, in some States, even
of his wife. All these false piincipalsstand ready
to help him by positive testimony, and the debtor
commences and carries on a career of fraud from
which there is no honorable escape.
Or if he possesses integrity and ability, those
very qualities area disadvantage in any attempt to
procure a discharge. The creditor says to him,
"Someday you will recover yourself, or yout
friends will set you up in business, and then I
can secure my debt." The qualifications for suc-
cess are thus made to inciease the penalties and
sufferings of misfortune.
The proposed system establishes a sound basis
of business and regulates credits. The reason is
obvious. This law will underlie all the local laws
governing the relations of debtor and creditor,
and all will know the terms upon which they deal
with cach other. When it shall be undeistood
that theie can be no preferences upon the eve of
failure, no secretion or abstraction of property
for the benefit of the debtor's friends or rela-
tives, no transfeis which cannot be mquiicd into,
no settlements by an insolvent upon his wife or
children whuh cannot be reached and declared
void through ihecourtsof bankruptcy,and when,
at the same time, it shall be understood that the
dobtoi who finds himself m failing circumstances,
ami comes forward and meets his creditors, and
shows that he is entitled to his discharge and can
procure it by a surrender of his effects, I venture
