1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,€15
and other seeds. Other purchases will be made
for the spring crops. He may have ordered seeds
anticipating this appropriation in larger quanti-
ties than he otherwise would have purchased
to supply the demand at this immediate period;
but if Congress should withhold this appropria-
tion he will limit the purchases for the spring and
summer supplies; and this is all there is of it.
The appropriation has not been made in items,
so many thousand dollars for sorghum seed and"
so much for wheat and so much for cabbage; but
it is made in gross, and he makes a distribution
of it so as to cover the various crops of the whole
year, and 1 have no doubt that if Congress with-
holds what he requests he will be enabled to
balance his accounts at the end of the year. I
think that at any rate this part of the request
ought to be granted. The committee do not rec-
ommend the whole of it. The purchase of silk-
worms and some other items that he asks for they
do not recommend.
Mr. POWELL. As one of the Committee on
Agriculture 1 will say a single word in favor of
the proposition offered by the chairman of that
committee. It strikes me that the appropriation
which he has proposed for the Agricultural Bu-
reau is so small a one that it should be adopted
by the Senate without any hesitation. But the
Senator from Maine, with his usual zeal in watch-
ing the Treasury, has poured out.the vials of his
wrath on the head of that bureau,, in my judg-
ment without sufficient cause. I think the Com-
missioner of Agriculture has managed his Depart-
ment with eminent skill and ability. He is a man
who is eminent for his practical knowledge as a
farmer. He asks, for certain reasons set forth in
a respectful communication to the Senate, an in
crcase of the appropriation for his Department.
The Committee on Agriculture partially concur in
his recommendation, and propose an appropria-
tion of four or five thousand dollars. For that the
commissioner is very harshly denounced by the
Senator from Maine.
Now, sir,'where the head of this bureau asks
one dollar for deficiencies, if you please, the heads
ofotherbureausand Departments ask millions,and
we hear no such censure upon le heads of those
Departments. We have voted $20,000,000 here at
this session for the purpose of paying bounties
winch Senators declared were not authorized by
law. Somebody did it, but nobody was denounced
for it. The Senator speaks of other deficiencies
of $90,000,000. Why did he not exhibit his ire
toward the persons in whose Departments that
deficiency occurred ? If it is wrong to exceed an
appropriation why not deal with the large crim-
inals instead of the insignificant sum of four or
five thousand dollars?
The Senator has made a general assault upon
the distribution of seeds more than oner. The
Commissioner of Agriculture distinctly states m
the paper which has been read to the Senate why
he asks for this appropriation. The frosts of last
summer destroyed in many parts of the country
seeds of the greatest importance to the people
throughout, the whole country, and particularly
in the great valley of the Mississippi. If the
head of the Agricultural Department under the
circumstances had ordered the seed and distrib-
uted it, when a frost in the month of August de-
stroyed it, I think he would stand justified before
the country. He is at the head of an interest that
pays a larger amount of taxes than any other in-
terest, that furnishes the soldiers to fight your
battles, a§*l yet it seems there is very grudgingly
meted to this great agricultural interestathousand
or two thousand dollars to meet a deficiency caused
by severe frosts and for the purpose of introducing
some matters of the gravest and most important
interest to the people.
If you say the law shall be obeyed strictly let it
be so, but do not throw off all your ire upon a
small appropriation of four or five thousand dol-
lars for this great interest of the people, this great
agricultural interest. The Senator from Maine
says that when seeds are once introduced, if they
are approved we should never call for another
importation. He is much mistaken in that. It
is known to every agriculturistin the whole coun-
try that these seeds frequently deteriorate, and the
Commissioner should be able to bring them from
the countries in which they grow to the greatest
perfection and introduce them where they do not
perfect themselves so well. Every agriculturist
in the whole country, I venture to say, very fre-
quently brings seeds from different latitudes and
from different climates for the purpose of improv-
ing the article that lie grows. It is so with the
cereals, and it is so throughout all the vegetable
kingdom. It would be exceedingly difficult for
the farmers scattered through the country to send
to China for an improved kind of sorghum seed.
The Government should, by on appropriation of
this kind, collect them where they can be dis-
tributed.
It seems to me that the assault of the Senator
from Maine on this little appropriation has been
very ferocious indeed. I hope that Senator will
indulge his great powers in that way by assault-
ing some of the heads of those bureaus and De-
partments who ask for millions, and not for hun-
dreds or thousands. I hope that the amendment
of the chairman of the Committee on Agriculture
will be sanctioned by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I will say in reply to
the Senator is that he evidently does not under-
stand the distinction, the point I made, and I shall
not trouble myself to state it again.
Mr. POWELL. I understood it as the Sena-
tor made it. If he cannot make it clear it is not
my fault.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot accommodate
myself to some people.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the amendment o/ the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Fessenden] to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman-.]
Theamendmentto the amendment was rejected.
The amendment offered by Mr. Sherman was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I offer the following items,
to come in as one amendment after line seventy-
eight:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the pur-
chase and manufacture of arms foi volunteers and regulars,
oidnanee and oidnanee stores, $7,700,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the man-
ufactuie of arms at the national ainioiios, s700,000.
To supply a deficiency in the Jippropnation for the Sur-
geon Geneial's department, namely:
For medical lnsttuinent* and dieting*,
Fur hospital stoics, bedding, &c., $;! ,5200,000.
For hospital furnitnie and field equipment*, ,§300,000.
For books, stationery, and printing. ,£36,000.
For ice, finite, and other eom/orUs, $100,000.
For hospital cloth i nir, §40,000.
For citizen muses, ,$3S.0U0.
For sick soldiers in puvate hospitals, $17,000.
Foi artificial limbs foi ^oldiei-, and seamen, $16,000.
Forcitizcn physicians, and medicines fuim.shoil by them,
$185,000.
For hire of clcrks and laborers in putveying depots.,
$■95,000.
For contingent expenses of the medical department,
$5,000.
Formedkinesandmcdic.il attendance for negro refu-
gee'?, commonly called " contrabands*' $33,000.
For waf-hnig'and washing machines for hospitals where
mations eannot be employed, $1,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropiiation for the sub-
sistence of the Aim£ namely :
For volunteers and dtalted men, $5.821.000.
For employes.,,$640.640.
For women, $-218,400.
To supply a deficiency ni the appropriation for the engi-
neer department, foi contingencies of foitifieations, includ-
ing field-woi k-5, $500,000.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the quai-
termaster's depairmeut, namely:
Foi purchase of cavalry and artillery hordes, $17,500.
Foi regular supplies of the qu.utermaster'd department,
$18,500,000.
For banaeks, quaiters, &e,, $3,500,000.
For transportation of the Army^'30 000,000.
For incidental expenses of the quarteimaster's depart-
ment, 52.000,000.
For transportation of officers* baggage, .$100,000.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage, $7,000,000.
To supply a deficiency m the appropriation tor the Ad
juiant General's department, tor the purchase of books of
tactics, f$0o,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I send to the desk a let-
ter from the Secretary of War which explains the
amendment.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington City, February 11, 1864.
Sir: The large increase of our military torees called for
by the Presidents order of the 1st February, and the neces-
sity for providing equipments, supplies, and transportation
without delay,so that the>e foices maybe ready at once to
take the field, will more than exhaust the appropriations
made at the last session foi the piesent fiscal year; so that
deficiencies should be immediately provided for to meet
the necessities of the case, i have directed the heads of
the buie.aus of this Department to make out estimates, so
as to cover ail contemplated outlay and deficiency in ex-
isting appropriations tor the remainder of the present fiscal
vearf which are herewith submitted to your committee.
You will notice that the greater part of this deficiency
arises in the quartermaster's department, and. relates to
the purchase of artillery and cavaliy horses, the provision of
buildings and quarters, regular supplies of forage, &c., and
mainly transportation oftheArmy, which last item consti-
tutes nearly one half of the whole estimate <?f that Depart-
ment. Tins large outlay is occasioned by tlie necessity of
transporting the troops from the various States to the field of
operations, of repairing and equipping the railroads consti-
tuting the ltnes of supply for the principal armies in the field,
and ofchauering vessels for transportation on the wesl^u
rivers and at sea. The estimate is furnished by the Quarter-
master General, upon whose accuracy and economy, in this
respect, the Department is compelled to rely. Accompany-
ing the estimates will bo fouud detailed statements, from
which the gross items are made up. Any further details
that may be required will be furnished upon the call of your
committee or of the Senate.
You will perceive, without any further remark from me,
the importance of making this provision, m order that the
bureaus may liave funds iu hand tor the required purpose,
it is liaidly necessary to add that the appropriations will,
of couise, remain unused unless the exigencies of the ser-
vice should require their expenditure.
Your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War,
Hon. William P. Fessenden, Chairman Committee on Fi-
nance, United States Senate,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval A flaiis to offer some amendments to
come in after line ninety-four of the bill. I will
state in relation to them all that they are recom-
mended by the heads of the respective bureaus
and sanctioned by the head of the Navy depart-
ment. The first of these amendments is:
For additional repairs at the Norfolk navy-yard, $150,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not that a large sum?
What necessity is there for it?
Mr. HALE. I will state that if my own indi-
vidual opinion had been asked I could give a
veiy short answer to the question which the
Senator ftom Maine has put to me; but I have
here a communication to the Secretary of the
Navy from the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, dated December 28, 1863, in which the
chief of the bureau says:
"I have the honor to present herewith a supplemental
estimate lor repairs at the Norfolk navy-yard, Tfiis addi-
tional estimate for present puiposes is baaed on the large
demands upon that yard for icpairs of vos<e!<f of the Nfavy
and their machinery. It is much mote convenient both in
time and money to make repairs at tins yard than to send
vessels to northern yatda, where they ate already so over-
run with work that the wharves are now crowded with
voxels awaiting repair*. The amount already appropri-
ated and that asked for the next fiscal year will be inade-
quate to meet the demands upon this yaid, which are far
mote extensive than it was supposed they would be when
the c^uinates for the next yeai were presented.
u The ship gate to the dock m ?t be entirely new, and is
now progre^sinc as rapidly as piacticable,and, with the en-
gine already completed, will absorb the money now appro-
priated and available."
That is all he says about that, and then he goes
into a detailed estimate. I have nothing to say
about it; it is the estimate of the bureau,and rec-
ommended by the Secretary of the Navy. The
Senate will act according to their pleasure in
voting upon it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Do the Committee on
Naval Affairs recommend it?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I offer another amendment of
which the same thing may be stated: it is recom-
mended by the bureau and the Department and
the committee:
For wharf, machine-shop, bridge, buildings for naval
store-, and other works at Port Itoval, South Carolina,
$144,600.
In regard to that the head of the bureau says:
"I also submit estimates for works at Port Royal, which
at this time are indispensable; the stores ior the South At-
lantic squadron are concentrated at this point aa# tit pres-
ent there are no storehouses foi their safe-keeping; con-
sequently a very heavy expense is constantly incurred for
demurrage, amounting in some eases to more than the first
co^t of coal. The machine-shop is independable ; in fact
this depot is one of the mo>t important at this time of any
of our naval stations. The expenditures on the wharf, so
far as processed, amounting to §34.987 50, have been
charged to an appropriation under the bureau of Equipment
and Recruiting, and should be refunded as soon as a specific
appropriation tor this object can be obtained."
This is signed "Joseph Smith."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now offer the following amend-
ment:
To supply a deficiency in tjie appropriation for filling fr*
the giounds for the new foundery at the Brooklyn navy-
yard, $'45,975.
M r. FESSENDEN. ~What is the explanation
of that'
