isa.'i
APPENDIX. TO THE OONOEESSIOKAL aLOB®.
33
38tii Cong. ... 1st Bess.
Oath of Office—Ifr. Bayard.
Senate:
members of the two Houses of Congress, what
may. be the result if you sanction by this prece-
oeni the authoiiiy of Congress to prescribe on
oath ot this kind? It is true that it is not prob-
able they would attempt to pass a law requiring
an expurgatoi y oath from members afterwards
elected, thatthey had never in the past tasted cither
wines or^other intoxicating drinks, because the
prescription of such an oath would prevent the
otganization of any subsequent House of Repre-
sentatives and dissolve the Senate within lour
yiars. Butitmightbe urged with great force, if this
power exists, that a vei y effectual restraint would
be imposed upon the vice of intemperance if an
oath were prescribed pledging each member of
Congiess, under the penalty of perjury, that he
would not taste intoxicating1 liquor during the
term of his trust, or at any time subsequently. It
might well be considered by men of extreme opin-
ions, who look only to the character of the evii to
be remedied, and disregard the mode in which the
remedy is to be attained, that such legislation
woufu bo advisable and beneficial. Nor is it im-
probable that such legislation might lesnlt, be-
cause beyond all question if the power exists to
piesciibe the oath against which I am now con-
tt nding, fhon the powtr would exist, if Congress
mi w fit to exercise it, to i cquire every member be-
fore entering upon his dunes to take an oath that
  lie will not hereafter during the term for which he
is chosen or d uring the residue of his Itfe use any
intoxicating hquorexcept in ihe case of sickness
and on the prescription of a physician.
It might be urged in support of such legislation
that intemperate habits impair in all cases, and in
some destroy, the capacity of the representative
for the perfoi rnance of his duties, and that there-
fore such a mode of restraint would be not only
effective hut peculuu ly appropriate. The mistake
lies in this, that in the desire to effect an object
that may be good in itself, men lose sight of'the
illegitimacy of the means by which they seek to
effect it. The objection to this law is not the ob-
ject that it professes to seek, but the excess of
power involved in its passage, and the only safe j
maxim in all cases ot usurpation of power or at- !
tempted usurpation is obsta principiis. One pre- I
cedent is followed by another, and it is by these '
successive inroads on the organic law that ulti-
mately a free government degenerates into meie
despotism.
This question which I have been discussing is
one of principle, and there are but few authori-
ties which bear upon it. In the Commentaries
of Judge Story, in commenting upon a suggestion
of Mr. Jefferson that the State governments had
power to alter the qualifications of their members
of Congress, he sustains the position I have con-
tended for, that the qualifications prescribed in the
Constitution cannot be varied 01 added to by con-
gressional and State legislation. He controverts,
and { think conclusively answers the suggestion
of Mr. Jefferson, that a State, under its reserved
rights, has the power by legislation to impose ad-
ditional qualifications upon its own members. No
commentator or jurist has hitherto ever pretended
that Congi ess could alter or vary the qualifications
prescribed in the Constitution. In answer to the
suggestion as to the authority of a State Legisla-
tuie, Judge Story says—1 lead from section six
hundred and twenty-four of his Commentaries—
"It would seem but fair reasoning1'—•
This is an answer to the suggestion of Mr.
Jefferson; but the principle is equally applicable
here-—
" It would seem but fair reasoning upon the plainest prin-
ciples of inteipietatiori, that when the Constitution e tab-
h>hed certain qualifications a-= necessary for office it meant
to exclude .-ill others a- prerequisites?. Fiom the vervnatmo
of such a provision, the affirmation of these qualification^
would seem to imply a negative ol all others.'1 * *
* * ,:A power lo add iicwqtiahfieaiions is certainly
equivalent to a power to vary them. It adds* lo the asttnegut'e
vvinn changes the nature of Uie foimcr requisites."
Again, in section six hundred and twenty-seven,
pursuing the same argument in reply to Mr. Jef- .
ferson's idea that authority was vested in the State I
Legislatures to add additional qualifications for j
the members from their own States, he says: 1
"Tiie people of the State. l>v adopting the Constitution,
have deoiaied what their will is a* to the qualifications ('or
office. And heie the inaxnn,n ever, must apply }Expre>sio
twins cU excluaio alto rns."
It cannot be said that this oath is not a quali-
New Series—No, 3.
fixation for office, because the very terms of the
law make it so; it is so imposed, and the party
cannot enter upon the duties of the office before
the oath is taken if the law be valid.
I proceed now, sir, to notice the arguments as
I gather them of the honorable Senator from Il-
linois, [Mr. Trumbull,] who was the sole sus-
tainer of this law in the debate that occurred be-
ibie its passage. I understood his arguments to
resolve themselves into two positions: one was
that t he oath to support it is tequired by the Con-
stitution to be administered both to members of
State Legislatures and officevs of State govern-
ments as well as to-members of Congress; and as
in every State of the Union, from the foundation
of the Government, in addition to that oath there
has been administered a totally distinct oath to
State officers and members of the State Legisla-
tuies to support the constitution of their own States
and perform the duties of their offices with fidel-
ity, therefore the inference must be drawn that
Congress would have the power also to require
an oath different in substance, in character, and
in nature from that which the Constitution re-
quired. The answer to this position seems to
me very plain. The oath taken by the member
of a State Legislature to support his own Suite
constitution is umh r a distinct authority and re-
quired by a distinct and separate government, it
has no relation whatever to his obligation to take
this oath under the Constitution of the United
States. The Constitution of the United States
does not profess to prescribe the qualifications
of members of State Legislatures or officers of
State governments; but it does profess to pre-
scribe the qualifications of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congn ss. The distinction seems to
me so clear my only surprise is that so acute an
intellect as that of the honorable Senator from Il-
linois should present such an fugunient in favor
of the constitutionality of this law. As the Fed-
eral Government, within its delegated powers, is
paramount to the State governments, an oath to
support the Constitution of the United States was
both proper and requisite.
The honorable Senator also relied upon, and
quoted at length, the oath administered to the
judges of the United States courts on being swoi n
into office, as an evidence that Congress might al-
ter the substance of the oath which was rcquiied
by the Constitution. I have endeavored already
to anticipate that objection. The oath adminis-
tered to the Chief Justice and other judges, which
requires that, in addition to suppoitmg the Con-
stitution, they shall administer justice equally be-
tween man and man without regard to the poverty
or riches of the suitors, is suiely nothing more in
substance than an oath to support the Constitu-
tion. The same duty devolves upon them, under
an oath to support the Constitution, the moment
they accept office and are sworn in. They would
not support the Constitution if they perverted the
ends of justice and maladministeied the law be-
tween individuals founded on inequalities of
wealth and position.
The honorable Senator also cited a case from
20 Johnson's Reports, the case of Bai kcr t\s\ The
People, in error, which he supposed strengthened
his position in favorof Che constitutionality of this
act. in truth, so far as the decision in the supreme
coui t of New York went, it has no relation to the
principle involved hei e. The case was tins: Bai ker
was indicted undera law of New York, which, in
one of its sections, provided (hat where a person
sent a challenge or fought a duel he should be lia-
ble, on conviction, in addition to other punish-
ments, to be punished by disqualification for of-
fice. Bai ker was so indicted and convicted, and
was sentenced by the couit. A part of its judg-
ment was that he should be disqualified thereafter ;
to hold any office or trust umh rthe State of New j
York. He took a writ of error on tli.it judgment.
Being an entirety, it must have been leveisul if
it was wrong in any of its patts. The question
was presented to the courtover which Chi -f Jus-
tice Spencer then piesided, and it was decided that j
as the constitution of New York gave full power
to its Legislature to prescribe the punishment for '
any offense against its laws, and as disqualified- ,
tion for office operated upon the individual liom !
his own default, and was not a cruel or unusual
punishment, and therefore not restrained by the
Constitution of the United States, it was perfectly
competent for the Legislature to prescribe,it in
addition to any other punishment for the offense,
of dueling.
1 do not doubt the correctness of that decision;
buti.Miotthe distinction manifest? Qualification
operates upon society at. large; disqualification on •
the individual alone. This law alters and adds
to the qualifications prescribed by the Constitu-
tion for all members elected. A law winch merely
disqualifies the individual as the result of his own
crime, upon conviction, by way of punishment,
does not affect in any mode the qualification for
the office prescribed by the Constitution for so-
ciety at large. I hold, therefore, that the authority
has not the slightest bearing upon the question of
the validity of this law under the Federal Consti-
tution.
But, sir, this case went before the court of aj>-
j peals in New York, and in that court the judg-
II ment was in favor of affirming Judge Spencer's
decision, with one dissentient voice. The only
opinion delivered was by the Chancellor of the
State, Sandford,a very able lawyer and profound
jurist, 1 propose to read an extract from his opin-
ion in that case in order to show that the distinc-
tion I have stated is correct, and also that it is a
decided'authority against the validity of this act
of July, 1862; not a direct decision, but a dictum
of great weigiit. In delivering the opinion of af-
fiimance, on page 707 of 3 Co wen's Reports, the
following is the language of the Chancellor:
" Whether the Le<ri-lat lire can exclude from public trusts
any person not excluded i>y the express rule^of the Con-
stitution is the quotum winch I have ahendy cMimuied,
and, according to my views of that question, there may be
an exclusion by law in punishment tor crimes; but m no
other manna and for no other cause."
So far, therefoie, as tiie judicial opinion in that
case is relevant, it is directly against the validity
of this law. Jt recognizes the authority—and no
one doubts it—of either a State Legislature or
Congress, where they have jurisdiction of the of-
fense, to prescribe as port of the punishment for
that offense disqualification for office on the part
of the individual who has been convicted; hut
that does not vary the qualifications of the office
as regards society at laige.
There is a paucity of judicial decisions on this
subject from the fact that, with the exception of
the dueling laws passed in a few of the States,
there is no parallel legislation to this tol)e found
either in this country or in England. No such
principle of legislative action has been sanctioned
except in those laxvs, and I can find but two cases
jj in which the validity of such legislation came
]! before a court. The decision of the court in one
i| case, which related to an attorney, was that he
was not an officer within the meaning of the stat-
ute, and therefore they waived any decision on
the constitutional question; and in the other they
decided that he was not an officer, and held also
that if he were so considered the law would be
unconstitutional rind void. One isacase in Mum-
ford 's Reports—Watkin Leigh's case. JVli\ Leigh
was admitted to be sworn m without taking the
anti-dueling oath by the judgment of the court on
the ground that an attorney was not an officer, and
therefoie the law did not applv. in the case of
Doisey, reported in 7 Portei's Alabama Repoits,
the court decided by a majority not only that he
was not an officer, but that if ifo were an officer,
the law was unconstitutional and void; and he
Ji was admitted without taking the oath prescribed
j! by the Legislature of Alabama.
!i In the Legislatures probably of some few of
the States similar questions have moi e fiequently
j' been decided. The honorable Senator from Iven-
; tucky [Mr. Davis] has told you that m the State
[i of Kentucky the Legislature has repeatedly de*
: cided—and the action there though not by a court
j is still judicial action—that an act on their statute-
! book involving the same principle was unconsti-
: tutional and void, and each House has admitted
! membei s where ihe objection has been made with-
1 out taking ihe oath piescnbed by the statute. In
j the State of New York one section of the law
i under which Bai ker was indicted also had asim-
; ifar provision in leference to oaths, but no ques-
: lion arose under it m his case. It was in refer-
ence to that section that Chief Justice Spencer in
his opinion in Batkei's case said that as one of
the rcvisors of the law he was opposed to it as
