*616
the Congressional globe.
February 12,
; Mr. HALE. The same as before. It is rec-
ommended by the bureau and the Secretary of .the
Navy and the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE." I now offer a small amendment
which is recommended by the Bureau of Provis-
ions and Clothing, and also by' the Secretary of
'tfid Navy and the committee:
For tero porary storehouse for provisions at the Brooklyn
navy-yard* $2,000.
. The amendment was "agreed to,
- Mr.'HALE. I offer a similar amendment as
a provision for Boston:
For temporary storehouse for provisions at the Boston
navy-yard, $2,000.
"Mr, SHERMAN. I wish to make an obser-
vation in regard to these appropriations, and I do
it now once for nil. It is impossible in time of
war for the legislative body to restrain appropria-
tions. 1 have come to that conclusion, and I shall
make no further effort. It is impossible for any
committee to restrain appropriations, or for the
Senate or for both Houses of Congress to do it in
time of war. The matter must be left to execu-
tive discretion. 1 do not believe that any action
of ours, however carefully guarded, will limit the
expenditure of the Government in time of war.
We must trust to the Executive. But if I could
speaka word of warning I would enjoin on every
Department to remember that money is the life-
blood of this nation, and I do believe that there
are many expenditures incurred by the Depart-
ments that are not necessary in time of war. They
do not seem to know, they do not appreciate the
value of money. Each'Department of the Gov-
ernment looks only to the success of its own De-
partment. The War Department necessarily
looks to the force and power of the armies, the
Navy Department looks only to the efficiency of
the Navy. Each head of a Depai tmcnt expends
money and calls lor large appropriations, some-
limes .without remembering' (he difficulty of get-
ting the money. 1 do not think we can restrain
them. 1 do not know whothci it is within the
power of the President to restrain them; but I
must make the assertion, with nopurpose of crea-
ting alarm or trouble, that I do think all the De-
partments of the Goveernment are lax and negli-
gent sometimes in the amounts they call for for
particular objects of expenditure that might be
avoided. The chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, of which I am a member, I know is careful
in regard to the expenditures of the Government;
but he has offered an amendment to this bill
which covers many millions; I do not know the
aggregate; probably fifty or sixty million dol-
lars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Near a hundred millions.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot tell whether
these appropiiations are necessary or not. Here
is an appropriation of $30,000,000 for transport-
ation and $7,000,000 for ordinance. How is it
possible for us to say that $30,000,000 is not re-
quired for transportation, that $20,000,000 is
enough? We cannot do it. We must take the
estimates of (he Departments, whatever th«-y
are, and upo*h them must depend tins expendi-
ture.
Now, sir, take a few eases that have occurred
recently. Regiments whose term of service has
yet one year to run have been transported a thou-
sand miles and back, their services taken away
from Knox vi lie—the very point where we are now
in danger—they taken home, given thuty days'
holiday, and taken back as veteran regiments; and
this Wrftn their terms have nearly a year yet to
run. Senators can easily compute the cost of
transporting a single regiment from the places of
service to the places of enlistment. In one case
I am told there was a regiment which was either
broughtlrom Colorado to the States or taken from
tiere to Colorado for the puipose of reenhstment.
ft seems to mo that these expenditures are some-
times unnecessary, but we cannot restiain them
now, and I want simply on this occasion for my-
self to enter a caveat. We cannot judge of the
necessity of these appropriations; we must leave
it to the Departments; but I wish there was some
means in our power to, restrain thrse enormous
expenditures,and 1 believe that insbme cases—I
will not say v.* lie re or when—these expenditures
are beyond all reasonable limits.
Mr. HALE. In reference to this amendment,
which is a very small one, and in justice to the
bureau, 1 propose to read 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection to
it. It has been fully explained to me, and I con-
cur in the propriety of it; but I wish to say a
word on the general question.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What has been said by
the Senator from Ohio may render me excusable
for saying a word. In a very great degree what
he has said is just and true. We cannot judge,
unless upon some new proposition to incur ex-
pense for a specific object, and when that propo-
sition comes before us we can examine for our-
selves, and come to a conclusion whether it is
advisable under the circumstances to incur the
expense to effect that object. But the Senator
has justly said that with reference to those ap-
propriations which are made for war purposes,
and merely for the purpose of paying expenses
for troops, it is impossible for us to ascertain to
what extent they may be neccssary, and all we
can do is to take the estimates in detail of the De-
partments as they are furnished.
For instance, we have conferred power on the
President to call out a certain or an uncertain num-
ber of troops. We must leave that to him. The
war must be carried on. if there is anything that
the people of this country ar* agreed upon it is
that no money that is necessary should be spared
in order to accomplish the purposes of this war;
and all the people of the country are calling upon
the Government to put men into the field and to
finish up the war as fast as possible. What can
we do? Obviously we can do no more than to put
power into the hands of the President to call out
the men at his discretion to a certain amount, if
we chose to limi-t him, knowing that he is the only
person who can judge of the case. We cannot
judge of it because we do not carry on the war,
although we authorize it to be carried on. We
must have our information fiom the Executive
Government. Having put that power into the
hands of the President he chooses to exercise it,
and he calls for a certain number of men. When
lie has called for them we must provide the means
for paying them and paying the expenses. Where
do we go? For the expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department we must go to the Q,uartermas-
terGeneral,and he will tell uh—estimatingas well
as he can from what things have cost heretofore
under similar circumstances—what the expense
will be in the future for the particular number of
men called for. So with regard to subsistence we
go to the Commissary General. There it is a little
more definite. So in regard to ordnance of all
kinds, large and small, we must get our informa-
tion from those who are familiar with the subject,
and we must trust to the officers themselves for
economy m administration, because we do not ap-
point them; we have no power over the appoint-
ments except to reject them if we deem proper;
we cannot tell what their qualifications may be,
nor (mi they tell themselves pel haps until they
uie tried.
If 1 were in a position to make a suggestion
to the executive department, if I might dare to
raise my voice so high as to expect that it would
reach the executive department, I would say
that I should deenfr it a very wise comse, if he
was about to call out, a certain number of men,
to inquire, in the first place, how many were ne-
cessary, (as he undoubtedly does,) and whether
he could dispense with any of them, and what
they would probably cost; and then, in the next
place, to ascertain from the Treasury Department
whether the money could be had to pay them.
If they cannot be dispensed with, if they are in-
dispensable, we must have them without reference
to money, and pay as we can; but if we can get
along with a less number and accomplish our pur-
pose, although not so well, the question is well
put whether theTteasury will meeet this expense.
That, however, is a matter for the President.
If he does not choose—it is to be presumed that
he dries—to call his Cabinet around him and lay
before them his plan and say, " I propose to call
out so many men; can the money be had?'' &c.,
and to uscei tain all those things before he issues
his proclamation, what then ? If he chooses to do
so he wiil have a certain number of facts and all
the Departments of the Government will be pre-
pared for it. Bu t if he prefers to go on and call
out the men and take his luck about it and inquire
afterwards, we must take our luck with reference
to getting money to pay them. There is no other
way. It is to be presumed—and I dare say we
cannot presume otherwise—that all this is done
and that it is accomplished in the most economical
and proper way possible, with due and formal
consultation of alt the Departments of the Gov-
ernment, to know whether a specific plan can be
carried out. If, however, it is not done so, when
the law is in the process of being executed as we
have made it and the President is exercising his
discretion as to a certain number of men and call-
ing them into the field, then when that is done, as
we have authorized it we must provide the means,
and we must act simply on the data we get from
the Departments, for we can get none anywhere
else. We have no judgment to exercise on the
subject.
They will make many mistakes, undoubtedly;
and the country must take the consequences of
their mistakes. If they are very gross ones they
arise from not having the proper kind of officers.
If we have not got the proper kind of officers it
is the duty of the President to find men who are
capable of carryingon the Government and doing
these things properly, if there are any such in the
country. I suppose it cannot be done any better
than it is.
1 make these suggestions for the consideration
of Senators to show the infinite difficulties under
which, as my friend from Ohio says, we labor.
In regaid to some of these items we cannot un-
dertake to cut them down, we cannot take that
responsibility; we do not know but that they are
necessary, and we must leave things to their ordi-
nary course.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I was ap-
prehensive that the state of things which has been
disclosed by the remarks of the Senator from Ohio
existed. I was afraid it was so, that we had Sur-
rendered up to the Executive not pnly the con-
trol of ihe Army but the money of the nation;
and that Congress was simply here to vote what
was asked. JNj^w we are told both by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance and the Sena-
tor from Ohio that we can know nothing about
it, we have got to take these bills just as they
come to us from the Department. Surely, if that
js so 
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will pardon
me. I confined my remarks exclusively to war
expenses, and did not extend them to what are
civil expenses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, war expenses; an
estimate comes in here, as 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say, $30,000,000 for trans-
portation; and he says we cannot tell anything
about it, whether $30,000,000 is necessary or not.
How can they tell in the War Department any
belter? Surely a committee of this body could
have the same sources of information that they
have there. If we are simply to take their state-
ment, if we are to have no investigation beyond
that, there is the end of it. But is it not prac-
ticable to have some inquiries made as to the ex-
penses of transportation, outside of the quarter-
masters department, to test to some extent the
correctness of these claims of the Government?
That, surely, was the intention of the men who*
framed theConstitution. The theory of our Gov-
ernment is that Congress is to have some control
over the expenses of the Government; and so
particular were they in regard to thaHpoirit that
they provided that appropriations for the Army
should not be made for more than two years; we
cannot make them for a longer period.
It seems that we have come to a state of things
when the Finance Committees of the two bodies
tell us that we have nothing more to do in regard
to these large appropriations than simply to vote
the amounts that are asked. I confine it to the
large appropriations, for of course the Finance
Committee can see how much is necessary to be
appropriated to pay for paiticular services where
the amount of compensation is prcsci ibed by law,
and can see thatonly the necessary amount isap-
propriated for that purpose. They can determine
how much it will take to pay our ministers and
consuls abroad when their salaries are fixed by
law. It is a mere matter of computation to see
how large an appropriation will be necessary to
pay the annual expenses. So of all the salaried
