:U
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Oath of Office—Mr. Bayard.
[Juuuaiy 19,
Senate.
unconstitutional; but they overruled him. Under
the law in one case the Legislature rejected a
member who refused to take the oath, and the con-
sequence was that on the adoption of the new con-
stitution, in 1821, the people of New York effect-
ually provided by express provision against the
possibility of similar tyranny on the part of any
subsequent Legislature. The better opinion of
the legal profession of that State always was that
the. law was unconstitutional and void; but no
judicial decision was ever made on the question.
I submit that, both on principle and authority,
the first oath prescribed in the act of July, 1862,
being retrospective and expurgatory, varies in
substance from the oath required and authorized
by the Constitution, and imposes a further qual-
ification on the trust am) station of a Senator, and
is therefore repugnant to the Constitution and in-
valid.
The second objection to the constitutionality of
this act is that it is in conflict with the fifth article
of the amendments to the Constitution of the
United States. The fifth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution provides that—
" No person shall be jield to answer for a capita!' or oth-
erwise infamous cume" tinier on a presentment or indict-
ment of a ci.uh! juty, nxoepf m c.i-ea au&iu£ in the land or
naval forces, or in t3ie nuiitui, when in actual semee m
tin)ft ot war or public dangei; nor shall any person be sub-
ject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy ot life
or limb ; nor shall be be compelled in any eiiminal case to
be a wunessaijaniKt himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty,
or propeify without due process of law.55 #
Mr. President, this article is a restriction upon
power, intended to secure individual rights against
the aggressions of Government, as, indeed, arc all
the first ten amendments, adopted immediately
after the formation of the Constitution. In one
form or another, similar limitations of power have
been incorporated inty the constitution of every
State in this Union. The principle comes to us
from Magna Charta, though in England it is but a
restraint on the Crown, Pat lianient, in their theory
of government, I cin-; the ultimate power and om-
nipotent; hut in this country we hold that the
sovereignty is in the people, and both in the Gen-
eral and State governments limitations upon
power apply to all blanches of govern menu The
limitation  u this article is one of the great guar-
antees of civil liberty in free governments, and
should Illiberally expounded. If those guaran-
tees are to be flittered away by a narrow con-
struction, then indeed will written constitutions,
which in the past have been the pride and glory
of American statesman and the American people,
become unmeaning nullities and the* frailest of
barriers against the encroachments of despotism
and tyranny.
By this act of 1862 every one who is required
to Uike the oath it prescribes is "held to an-
swi'v" for a capital crime; and if he refuses,
whether guilty or not guilty, the law assumes for
Us own purposes his guilt, ami punishes him by
disqualification and a refusal of his rights. He
is deprived of those rights without due process of
law. The legal presumption of innocence is re-
versed as to every citizen, and this law, without
accusation, without trial, without proof,and with-
out conviction, miliets punishment as a conse-
quence of silenrc. It seeks to asccitain facts in
u peculiar manner unknown to the common law,
and prohibited by the Constitution, not by the
judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction,
but by a forced confession of the offender, and
holds his silence as evidence of guilt. No matter
how legitimate or desirable the object to be at-
tained—-the exclusion of persons guilty of treason
from Congress-—such means of effecting it are re-
pugnant to the Constitution, and cannot, there-
fore, be lawfully used.
There is a resemblance in principle between
Hi is law and the barbarous rule which obtained m
Lngland, but never in this country, that" standing
mute"on an indictment for treason was "equiv-
alent to a conviction." Here we put in the plea
«'f not guilty if the accused obstinately refuses
to plead, and prove the crime before conviction
and punishment.
But even in less enlightened times the common
law never required the party charged with cume
to prove his innocence by his own oath. Ail it
loquired was that he should plead to the arraign-
rm ntf so that, if proved guilty, he might be con-
victed and punished. In the whole range of Eng-
lish history, in all the varied test oaths which
political and religious excitement and fanaticism
forced upon the people of that country in past
times, you will find that the great principle of
Magna Charta was always adhered to. No per-
son was ever held to self-accusation. The oath
invariably was promissory in its character, related
to the present and future, and generally affected
the conscience alone and not the acts of the party;
but there is no instance of an expurgatory oath
as to past acts or conduct to be found in the long
list of oaths which are prescribed in English acts
of Parliament. The present sentiments and be-
lief both religious and political were frequently
required to be declared on oath, and also the fu-
ture conduct and creed was secured by the same
sanction, but the oaths exacted had no relation to
past acts or offenses against the law.
But this act requires every member of Congress
elect to purge himself by oath from a past capital
offense, and treats his refusal toansweras "equiv-
alent to a conviction,'* and punishes him by dis-
qualification, though he was duly elected,and in
all other respects duly qualified. Such a law is as
cleai ly pi olnbited by the fifth article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution as a statute would be
if it prescribed, where a man was held to answer
on indictment, that ho should swear to the truth
of his plea, or, before plea, should deny under
oath the commission of the crime with which he
was chaiged, or that the refusal to take such an
oath should be " equivalent to a conviction," and
that judgment and punishment should follow
without trial or other proof. The cases would
bo parallel. He is " held to answer" in the one
case, and punished by conviction withouf proof,
founded upon his refusal to answer. He ia " held
to answer" in the Senate of the United States on
oath,m the other, and his silence is taken as evi-
dence that he has been guilty of the crime from
which he is asked to purge himself, and he is pun-
ished by disqualification for the station to which
he aspires, and to which he has been duly elected
and is constitutionally qualified.
You will find, sir, that this view is conoborated
by a icport and a decision made in the Senate of
the United States as early as the year 1796. Hum-
phrey Maishall, a Senator from Kentucky, was
charged in a letter by the Governor of Kentucky
with having committed peijury in an answer in
chancery in that State, and theie was also a me-
morial from the Representatives of the State to
the same effect. The object of both the letter and
memorial was his expulsion as a Senator. Mr.
Marshall piofessed that he was very desirous that
the charge should be investigated by the Senate;
and after the report of the committee, a motion
was made to expunge the following words, part
of the ropoi t, and the motion way negatived, and
the report was adopted by a vote of 16 to 8:
c,And on the question to expunge the following woids:
'They [the committee] think that ut aca^-eoi this kind no
person can he held to answer tor an infamous crime unless
on a presentment or indictment of st s iand jury; and that
in all prosecutions the ca-^e ought to be tiiccl by an impar-
tial jury of the State and district wherein the crimc was
commuted. If, in the pies-ent ca^e, the pally has been
guilty in the manner suggested, no reason has been alleged
why lie has not long since been n led Inthe State or diistiict
wheie he committed the ofreiisp. Until he i? legally con-
victed, the principles of the Constitution anJ of the common
law concu) i?j pjcmnnng that he is innocent." "
The motion to strike out that clause was neg-
atived, and also a motion to strike out another
clause, that as the Constitution did not give the
jurisdiction the consent of the accused could riot,
was also negatived; and the report was adopted
by a vote of 16 to 8. This was early in the his-
tory of the country; and the principle sustained
by the Senate is an authority against this act of
1862; foi it cannot be questioned that the power
of the Senate in regard to expulsion rests in a
more absolute and uncontrolled discretion, with
tho limitation of numbers alone, than the power
of Congress in prescribing an oath: and if the Sen-
ate would not hold Marshall to answer in such a
case, and investigate the question of perjury com-
mitted in 1ns own State without previous conviction
by due course of law, on what principle is it that
the Senate of the United States can sustain a law
which assumes the guilt of the whole community,
of society at large, and without charge or accusa-
tion holds every member-elect to answer, and re-
quires him to purge himself by oath from the
commission of treason in all his past life? That
ia the substance of this oath. It cannot be
doubted, though the act does not pursue the lan-
guage of the Constitution in its definition of trea-
son, that under an indictment for levying war
against the United States, if the acts were proved
which the member is obliged here to negative by
his oath, that is, that he has voluntarily given
no aid, counsel, or encouragement to persons en-
gaged inarmed hostility to the United States; that
he has not voluntarily borne arms* against the
United States, he certainly would be convicted of
treason. Each member, by this act, is " held to
answer" for a capital crime, and is required to
deny under oath the commission of tiva&on, and
is punished, if he does not answer, by disquali-
fication for office. The principle in each cose is
precisely the same.
But, sir, there is still a third objection to this
act. The act is repugnant to the second section of
the second article of the Constitution. By the
second section of the second article of the Consti-
tution the pardoning power is vested exclusively
in the President of the United States:
" He shall have powei to giant reprieves and pardon^ for
offenses against the United State*, except In cases of im-
peaelnncnr."
It is an executive authority, exclusively in the
President, and the effcct of the pardon is th.it it
absolves the party from all the consequences of his
crime, and when pardoned he stands with the same
rights as if the crime had never been committed.
I am supposing a case where a party has really
been guilty of these offenses, and of course could
nottakethisouth,and yethasbeen pardoned by the
President. "While I would oppose the Executive
in any encroachments upon the power of the Le-
gislature or the assumption of any poweisnot
granted to him, I would equally sustain him in the
exercise of all the authority which has been dele-
gated to him by the Constitution. Suppose a
southern citizen who has voluntarily borne arms
against the United States during this revolt, be-
coming convinced of his error while the war con-
tinues, should return to his allegiance, and be par-
doned by the President, and be elected to the Sen-
ate. by a Legislature whose authority to elect you
recognized. He certainly could not take this oath
without beinggnilty of peijury, end theiefoie, in
effect, this law impairs and abrogates the pardon-
ing power of the President to that extent. 1^ that
constitutional? Can you obstruct by legislation
of this kind, direct or indirect, the legal cffectofa
power which is vested in the executive branch and
not in the legislative branch of the Government ?
This law punishes the member-elect, in defiance
of the executive pardon, by disqualification for the
office or trust to which he has been legally and
constitutionally elected.
If Congress can attach disqualification for office
as part of the punishment of crime, as they un-
doubtedly can, as they have done in the case of
an attempt to bribe, or the actual biibeiy of a
judge, and in reference to other offenses, and ihe
person charged, whetherwith or without convic-
tion, being pardoned by the President, would be
restored to his rights, and the punishment of dis-
qualification cease and be inoperative, on what
principle is it that you can assume a power heie
which you could not exeicise in the case of an un-
doubted authority on your part to prescribe dis-
qualification as the consequence of crime? Dis-
qualification piosci tbed by law as the punishment
of crime can be removed by an.executive pardon*,
but by this law the effect ol a pardon is abrogated
as to the ®rime of treason, which, though a "high
crime, is stilia political cume, and does not neces-
sarily involve moral delinquency on the part of the
individual. Suppose, under a law imposing dis-
qualification foi office ys part of the punishment, a
party convicted under it and pardoned, you could
not refuse him his seat because of the commission
of a crime from the consequences of which he had
been absolved by the pardon of the President; vet
indirectly, by this mode of legislation, you de-
prive him of his rights, though he may have re-
pented of his error, and you disregard the legiti-
mate action of the Executive, in dnectdefiance of
the Constitution.
But, sir, a case has in fact occurred, if I am not
misinformed. A Mr. Gantt, who was a brigadier
