1864.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
officers of the Government. But it does seem to
me that we ought to have some check on these
other expenses.
Mr. SHERMAN". I would like to submit the
matter to the Senator from Illinois, because I do
not wish lum to misunderstand me. I will take
the case of the Quartermaster General. How is
it possible for the Quartermaster General to know
beforehand what will be the operations of the
Commander-in-Chief? Sometimes a single move-
' ment will cost an immense sum of money which
he could not have anticipated. Take, forinstance,
the transportingof several army corps from Vicks-
burg to Knoxville. The cost of that transporta-
tion and the necessity for it could not have been
foreseen by the Quartermaster General. The
number of horses that would be killed in such a
terrible inarch as thatcould not be known by him
when he made his estimates. It is impossible
even that the best officers could estimate precisely
for such contingencies.  The Quartermaster Gen-
eral has written enough letters—they are on the
desk of the Senator from Maine—giving the de-
tails and the bases of his opinion. If the Senator
from Illinois wants to know the details he can
examine the letters. We have them. We have
the bases of the opinions of all the heads of bu-
reaus; but when you come to examine the sub-
ject you find that you cannot fix upon an estimate
or even approach an aggregate of the expenses of
that character. In regard to the pay of soldiers
we know precisely. We can state the exact sum
it will require to pay one hundred thousand sol-
diers a year, and can show the materials on which
the estimates are based; but in regard to the quar-
termaster's expenses it is not so. The expenses
of the quartermaster's department may be safely
set down to be greater than the pay of the sol-
diers. That you will find to be a correct rule.
The expenses of the quartermaster's department
are generally greater than of the pay department,
and so with the commissary department, and so
with many other departments of the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the committee cannot
arrive at it, how 111 the world can the Quarter-
master General arrive at it? It is a mere guess
on the part of the Quartermaster General, it would
seem.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He gives the data on
which he bases his opinion. The transportation
of so many men such a distance has cost so much,
and if we go over precisely the same ground in
the same way, it may be the same thing, but as
the Senator from Ohio suggests it may be entirely
a different thing.
The Quartermaster General asks for what he
thinks will be necessary. If it is not all spent,
very well. If it is all spent, and more, we must
make up the deficiency. The Senator will see
that 111 the very nature of things all the expenses
cannot be foreseen. A single battle may destroy
an immense quantity of ammunition, and an im-
mense number of horses, as well as a very large
number of men. These losses must be made up.
So of other things. We must, as I said before,
get the best information and the best judgment
we can from the officers at the head of the several
bureaus who are accustomed to consider these
things, and act on their judgment, for ours is
absolutely good for nothing. Unless the same
circumstances again occur, even the estimate
of the Quartermaster General may be of little
value.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that his
would be .worth just as little as that of any of us,
because he cannot tell what battles are to be fought
next September any better than we can. It is a
mere matter of conjecture. It looks, then, as it
it was mere guesswork as to what would be re-
quired. If that be so I think that the Finance
Committeeoughtto providefora permanentcom-
mittee of Congress who should be in session all
the time to keep a watch on this thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have a committee on
the conduct and expenditures of the war.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But the committee on the
conduct of the war is charged with othor duties.
I should think it would be quite enough for one
committee to look after expenditures.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me tell my friend
they are at this very time examining into con-
tracts made by the War Department for trans-
portation and supplies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But in connection with a
great many other things. I am speaking now
paiticularly of those expenditures of the Gov-
ernment which it seems there can be no basis
upon which to estimate, and it does seem to me
that under the system wo have adopted and upon
which we are acting, and according to the disclos-
ures of the Finance Committee, we leave to the
discretion ofthe officers to use just as much money
as they please, without any limitation whatever
upon them. They may pay four prices for trans-
portation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot help that.
We cannot say they shall not do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ASenatorsays they have
done it. Certainly Congress ought to exercise in
some way supervisory power over it. 1 hope it
can be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. How can Congress say
beforehand what prices they shall pay?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we could tell some-
thing about what the prices should be. We may
not be able to tell them exactly, but we know
something about the ordinary prices of transpor-
tation. We know what a wagon costs, or wecan
tell about what it costs. Certainly Congress could
exercise some sort of supervision over it. After
the disclosure that has been made here to-day, I
would be in favor of having a permanent commit-
tee of Congress, not only during the sessions but
during the recess, whose business and sole busi-
ness it should be to inquire into the expenditure
of the vast amount of money which is appropri-
ated for these uncertain objects. I would charge
them with no other duty than to see that the
$50,000,000 appropriated for transportation pur-
poses, and the large amounts appropriated for
other similar purposes, were properly expended.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Would you give them
the expenditure of money?
Mr. lTltTMBULL. No; I would give them a su-
pervisory power over the Executive Departments
of the Government. I think that is what the Con-
stitution means; and I do not think we discharge
ourduty properly if wejustcome in here and vote
money by the hundred million without looking at
all to the disbursement of it. If there is no way
by which we can get estimates to show how much
money is needed, then I say we ought to keep the
power in our hands, or keep a committee in ses-
sion all the time to supervise the expenditures,
because the intention of the Constitution and of
the people of this country is that Congress shall
supervise the disbursement of I heir money.
Mr. WILSON. How would a committee do
it during the recess?
Mr. TRUMBULL. During the recess they
could keep control of the public money so far as
to see how it is disbursed; and they could report
to Congress when it meets. We could learn
whether abuses exist or not. And let me tell the
Senatoi from Massachusetts we can sit ourselves.
Congiess ought not to adjourn one day in the
year if it is necessary-to stay here in order to re-
tain control over the moneys of the country. We
should not be saddling on the people of this coun-
try an expense of a thousand million dollars an-
nually, or half of it, without knowing where the
money goes. If it be so that there is no other
way, I would appropriate the money from month
to month, and see where it went; and I think we
but poorly discharge our duty to come here and
remain a short time and vote money by the hun-
dred million without knowing whether it will be
needed or how it is to be disbursed.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, the difficulty, I
apprehend, arises in the nature of the service in
which we are engaged, and not in the supervision
of the committee. War is an uncertain matter,
and we are obliged to have a large fund appro-
priated in advance out of which we can expend
according to the exigencies of the suivice. Now
let me ask the Senator fiom Illinois what would
be the use of his committee to sit in the vacation ?
They cannot appropriate the money when Con-
gress is away. You would have to appropriate
the money beforehand and while Congress was
here; and then, if thereshould be a great exigency
for the transportation of an army, or a call for
money, must the War Department run after that
supervisory committee to inquiie whether they
shall have wagons to carry a hundred thousand
men to Knoxville? Certainly not. To make that
scheme effectual they must; otherwise it would
be of no use whatever. I would sugB*estthatthey
take the committee along with them and'appro-
priate as they go. [Laughtciv] •
Nor if Congress stayed here could We doany
better. From the very nature of the, thing We
must trust to the men who have this matterin
charge and who expend the money. ' Couldwe
be called onfrom month to month and day today
by the heads of Departments to appropriate raojrey
for this purpose and that,>saying,(t We.want-to
use it to-morrow?" The difficulty4s.in the very
nature of the service. We must trust to theintsn
who have these services in charge. The best they
can do is to say-to us, " In our judgment we may
want so much money. To make the thing per-
fectly secure for the nation, for we do not mean
to fail, you had better appropriate a little more,
so that wecan have abundance to carry us through,
and tiust to us who administer the fund."
It is the only way we can do.and administer
the fund and carry on thewar as we ought to do;
and no hand of myie and no vote.of mine shall
ever withhold from the Executive the money lie
wants, and then throw upon me the responsibility
ofthe failure of this undertaking. I am ready to
put the resources of the Government at the use
of the Executive, and I would put upon him-tho
responsibility, and say to him, " Sir, the country
looks to you to carry this through, ahd to,carry it
through quickly and effectually." I will with-
hold nothing; and it is in the nature of Ihei-ser-
vice in which we are dealing that this difficulty
arises.
Mr.-TRUMBULL. I simply want to tell the
Senator from New Hampshire that I will not shirk
my responsibility. I will not shirk from the re-
sponsibility that is on fne as a Senator, as a rep-
resentative of one of the States here, and put the
"responsibility on the President, and tell him that
1 will hold him responsible. 1 will hold him re-
sponsible for the discharge of the duties that the
Constitutionconferson him; but when the Consti-
tution has imposed a duty upon me I will not put
all the men and all the money of this country into
the Executive's hands, when the Constitution has
placed it partially m my hands as one.of the rep-
resentatives here in the Senate. 1 am not disposed
to do any such thing. I think there is a respons-
ibility on us, and that we are charged with seeing
where the people's money goes. While I am for
putting down this rebellion as quickly as the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, while I am wiliing'to
use the power of (his Government to accomplish
it, I will use itaccording to the Constitution; and
when the authority to raise armies is placed ill
Congress, when the authority to raise money is
placed in Congress, I will not come here and ab-
dicate, and say that the people of the nation and
the money of the nation, without law, without
the uclion of Congress or the supervision of Con-
gress, shall be all placed in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive. The declaration of the Senator from
New Hampshire goes to that extent. We had
better abdicate, then, and go home, and say to
I the people, "The President is clothed with the
j whole power of the nation; your Congress need
! meet no more."
Mr. CLARK. I do notthink I shall be found
shirking any duty or responsibility that may be
east upon me. People may differ as to responsi-
bilities, and have different views. The Senator
from Illinois may think as a member of the Sen-
ate that before he votes a dollar or a hundred dol-
lars the quartermaster or the commissary must
tell him exactly what he wants it for. " Now,
\ Mr. Quartermaster, what do you want this hun-
dred dollars for; where are you going to carry
j your men?" " Well, I want it for the purposes
ofthe war." " But where exactly "Well,I
do not know where the army may be; it may beat
Knoxville, it may be at Chattanooga, it may be
toward Mobile." "Butwhere? Iwanttoknow
just how many men you are going to move, and
'how much it is going to cost apiece." " I cannot
tell," says the quartermaster. " Then you shall
not have any money; I will not appropriate any-
thing; we will not vote anything if you do not tell
us exactly where you arc going to spend it."
"Well, I cannot do that." Then where is the
quartermaster to get his money ?
I am not by any means for abdicating, and I
said no such thing. No remark that I made can
be construed, or tortured, even, in that way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Senator
from New Hampshire to say that he would place
