618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
• the 'torhole power in the hands of the President-and
hold him responsible.
Mr. CLARK. I said no such thing. I may
have used language thatpossibly the Senatorrnay
have misunderstood, and interpreted that way,
but I did not mean any such thing. I do not
Oftfean to abandon any right or prerogative of Con-
gress, but I do mean to give the President power
enough to put this rebellion down, if I know
'•"Wfrat itis. 1 mean that he shall have men enough,
if-they can be raised, and I mean that he shall
have money enough to arm those men, and to pro-
vide for those men when they go into the field, and
-1 do not mean to hold the purse-strings so tight
that those men shall be sacrificed withoutaccom-
plishing the purpose. l*nm willing to assume
my rightful share of responsibility; I want the
Executive to assume his, and I have no doubt he
- will;- and we must act together. We must give
. him the means and hold him to the execution.
That is what I mean. We must look to him for
the execution when we have pro\dde4 him with
the means, nothing more.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not think
it is at all probable that such a committee as is
suggested by the honorable member from Illinois
will be appointed, and if it should be appointed
I would ask in advance that 1 may not be made
one of its members. They will have a very
• troublesome time of it. If I thought that such a
committee was necessary 1 would be as willing to
serve upon it as anybody else; but with due defer-
ence to the member from Illinois, I do not-see that
the committee could cffect any good purpose with
reference to the mischief of which he complains
• and we all complain. The honorable member is
right in saying that the Treasury of the United
States is by the Constitution placed under tire
control of Congress. That is done by the pro-
vision which says that money shall not be drawn
from the Treasury without an appropriation by
law; but it happens to us, as it must happen to ail
Governments, that it is impossible in advance to
tell what money will be necessary for the purposes
of Government during any one year, and that
difficulty is very much enhanced if the country at
that time is in u state of war. That may be illus-
trated by mentioning a few instances with which
the. Senate must be very familiar.
When we commenecd this war very many
hoped, very many believed, that it might be term-
inated in a year. I think the Secretary of State
was so sanguine as to believe that sixty days
would bring about a restoration of theUnion; but
he has been obliged to continue his prediction from
sixty days to sixty days almost dc die in diem.
Under the impression which certainly prevailed
throughout the country that the Government
would not want the means that we now find we
do want to bring about a termination of this re-
bellion, you were able in the beginning to buy
horses (or $100, and mules for a much leys price
than they can be obtained for now. You got your
forage for your horses, your oats, for some thirty
cents a bushel; you cannot get them now for less
than a dollar. You got hay for sonic fourteen or
twenty dollars a ton; you have to pay now forty
dollars a ton; and so on in proportion. A t that
time nobody supposed, I think, that it would be
necessary to bring into the field such immense
armies as -we have; that it would be required of
us to travel over the country through which these
armies are now traversing and must continue to
traverse for sonic time. The expense, therefore,
of the transportation is infinitely more than any-
body supposed would be the case.
AH that can be done even in a time of peace,
and it is peculiarly true of a time of war, is for
the proper Departments of the Government who
are to superintend the particular expenditures J
connected with their Department to approximate
to accuracy by their estimates.
There is no danger to the Treasury, as I think i
the Senator from Illinois will see when he comes <
to reflect in a moment. The question is whether j
if an appropiiation is exhausted and the country >
is not served as it was supposed that that appro- |
priation would serve it, the Executive Depart- j
ments are authorized to go beyond it, not by pay- j
ing money, because they cannot pay any money, !
they cannot exceed the appropriations, but upon j
their own responsibility, trusting to the approval |
of Congress afterwards, by incurring debts, i
Whether these debts are to be paid or not must !
depend on Congress, and when the matter comes
before Congress they have the clear right, re-
strained only by the moral obligation under the
necessities of the country, to refuse to make the
appropriation.
But how would the difficulty be obviated by the
appointment of a standing committee? I do not
understand the honorable member from Illinois
to propose that that committee should have the
privilege of appropriating money from the Treas-
ury or of taking money out of the Treasury with-
out the consent of Congress. Congress would not
be willing if it had the authority to transfer to any
committee the power to take money out of the
Treasury in point of fact in any mode in which
it could be done. AH that such a committee
could do would be to see that the money which
Congress has appropriated is not misapplied by
the Executive. How are they to do that, situated
as we are now? They may say to the Executive,
" You are giving too much for oats, you are giv-
ing too much for hay. too much for hoises, too
much for mules, or paying too much for trans-
portation." The executive officers say they can-
not get them for less, if they are honest, (and
nobody charges them with dishonesty,) if the
heads of these bureaus are not themselves pil-
ferers from the Treasury, you are bound to be-
lieve that they are not giving more than they
found to be necessary in order to obtain what the
service of the country demands. Is the commit-
tee to tell them what to give for horses and for
mules, for oats and for forage, for tiansporta-
tion; what they are obliged to give in order to
obtain the forage, to obtain the transportation?
If so the war stops; must stop.
But there is another thing connected with the
expense. Not only does it depend on such ele-
ments as those to which I have just referred, but
it depends very much on the naturb of the cam-
paign in which the Executive is about to embark.
Where shall the war be earned on? Shall it be
carried on upon the Mississippi, thioughout the
Southwest into the mountains of Tennessee? The
Executive may think that it m there that the re-
bellion is to be finally destroyed, and the commit-
tee nmy be of a different opinion; and the com-
mittee may say,44 Keep the fight here,where trans-
portation is less expensive, forage is less expen-
sive, everything else will cost Government less."
That certainly would not be the function of such a
committee, because togive the committee that func-
tion would bo directly to usurp a function exclu-
sively given to the Executive by the Constitution.
I do not see that any possible good could arise
either from Congress remaining in session per-
manently or from their constituting a committee
to superintend the expenses of the Government.
It is true, as stated by my friend from Ohio,
that perhaps these gentlemen in the several De-
partments, each being anxious that his own De-
partment shall achieve perhaps more than any
other Department, or at-least not to be behind
any other Department, do not look to the neces-
sity of limiting their disbursements as closely as
they should. All that we can do, as 1 agree with
him, is, to let them know m advance that how-
ever willing we may be, in order to save the good
name of the Government, to meet all the obliga-
tions which they incur in behalf of the Govern-
ment for the use of the Government, it is our pur-
pose to hold them to a moral responsibility before
the country if they unnecessarily exhaust the ap-
propriations which have been made, or unneces-
sarily incur obligations outside of the appropria-
tions. I think the apprehension that they will
bo held so responsible, as they certainly will be,
is the only restraint that we can in the nature of
things submit them to.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Mr. President, itcomes,
then, in the opinion of the Senator fiom Mary-
land, to this: that the provision of the Constitu-
tion which declares that no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury except in pursuance of appro-
priations made by law merely means that the
Congress of the United States shall make a gen-
eral appropriation of any amount which the Ex-
ecutive shall ask; and that is the check which the
Constitution places upon the Executive!
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not like to interrupt the
Senator, but he certainly could not have heard
me, I said we were under no obligations to make
the appropriation. It is for Congress to say
whether they will appropriate or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Senator
80. It is for Congress to say whether they will
appropriate; but he is advocating an appropria-
tion just such as the Executive asks. Now I
wish to inquire what the provision of the Con-
stitution amounts to if it is the duty of Congress,
his duty and mine, to vote for any appropriation
that the Executive asks?
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 have said nothing of the
sort.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator did not say
that in so>many words,
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not say it in substance,
if the Senator will permit me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am not undertaking to
quote the language of the Senator. 1 am trying
to state his position for him.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I mean to say is that
you have misunderstood my position, or I was
very unfortunate in explaining myself. I have
not said, and certainly dy not think we are obliged
to appropiiatc any amount the Departments may
ask. When the appropriation is before us it is
for us to decide whether thatappropriation is re-
quired or not. We may rely as evidence of that
necessity upon the estimates made by the Depart-
ments; but we have a clear right to go into an in-
vestigation of those estimates and satisfy ourselves
if we can that the estimates are greater than they
should be, for the same reason that I think we
have a right, and that it is our duty, if we are
satisfied the estimates are less, to make the ap-
propriation larger.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, let us go
back and see what this discussion has sprung up
about. It arose out of some remarks made by the
Senator from Ohio in regard to the large appro-
priation here—I think he stated it at §30,000,000
—for transportation. He said we could know
nothing about whether this estimate was right or
not, and he could see no way to supervise it. I
do not attempt to give the words of the Senator
fiom Ohio, but the purport of what he said was
that we had to appropriate just what was asked
by the Executive for this particular kind of ser-
vice. Now, when I tell the Senate we ought to
cxoicisc in some way some supervision over these
vast appropriations of thirty millions and fifty mil-
lions and a hundred millions for transportation, I
am met by the Senator from Maryland and the
Senator from New Hampshire by a specific case.
The honorable Senator from Maryland talks about
the price of oats, and desires to know whether
an inquiry shall be made as to ho w much isgiven
for oats or not. Sir, I do not advocate any such
proposition as that.
The Senator from New Hampshire goes into
detail in the same way, and desires to know
whether we must first inquire what it will cost to
tj\ke a man from this place to that before anything
is done. I propose no such thing. Sir, I think
the Constitution means something, and that we
should not simply appropiiate in large sums of
tens of millions what the Executive asks, without
knowing whether it is necessary or not, and with-
out keeping any supervision over it. I believe
that to do that is a departure from the requiiement
of the Constitution and a shn king of the respons-
ibility that is upon us. Now I want to know what
the Constitution means? What is virtually the
position that these Senators assume? Itcomesto
this; this is the principle that is laid down here:
that in a tune of war we are to appropriate what-
ever is asked.
Mr. CLARK. I did not say any such thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, you did not say any
such thing; but you did say you were for placing
the power m the Executive and holding him re-
sponsible.
Mr. CLARK. Not without limit.
Mr.TRUMBULL. The limitation was sub-
sequently. I know the Senator says not without
limit; but what limit does he ptopose? I have
made no motion, but I have suggested that it
might be possible to exercise some sort of super-
vision over these large appropriations, and be-
cause I made the suggestion 1 am assailed. Now
I say if we do not exercise some sort of super-
vision over these large appropriations we do not
in my opinion perform our constitutional duty.
I repeat, when the Constitution said no money
shall be drawn fiom the Treasury exccpt in pur-
suance of appropriations made bylaw it did not
mean simply that we should get together, and,by
