*1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16.
requiring the committee to repaid to the neighbor-
hood,! am not tenacious about it, and will yield it.
- Mr. JOHNSON.- t move to strike that out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment pending, proposed by the Senator
•from California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
Garnished with sufficient facts to controvert some
•opinions which have been expressed by the Sen-
ator from Maryland; but I presume that his
.sources of information are much greater than
mine, for I can hardly conceive that withoutsome
information a Senator who speaks with such con-
sideration as he does, would rise in his place in
the Senate and before the country to cast censure
upon the general in command at Cairo, who I be-
lieve was General Brayman, because he did not
reinforce the garrison at Paducah. I think the
Senator from Maryland stated the distance to be
about forty miles. My recollection of the dis-
tance isdifferent. I think itis much greater than
forty miles.
Mr. POWELL. I do not think Fort Pillow
is at Paducah.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not talking of Fort
Pillow. That is a different place entirely, on the
Mississippi river and in the State of Tennessee.
I am speaking of Paducah in the State of Ken-
tucky, which the Senator from Maryland spoke
of as some forty miles from Cairo. Such is not
my recollection of the distance. I think it is much
further.
The Senator from Maryland more than inti-
mates that General Brayman, whom he did not
name, but who, I believe, is the officer in com-
mand at Cairo, is to blame. It is true he was
once an attorney; but I do not know that that is
anything to his discredit, or that it disqualifies
him from being a general. I am not here to de-
fend Gcneial Brayman. He may not have done
his duty, but it is the first time I have heard it
intimated from any quarter that General Bray-
man had the least knowledge of the attack upon
.Paducah until after it was made. The forccs
which attacked Paducah came up from the south,
through Tennessee, and attacked Paducah from
another direction. They did not pass-Cairo or
near Cairo. The attack was unexpected by the
garrison at Paducah. I am not aware that the
least intelligence of the approach of Forrest was
communicated or could have hnon communi-
cated to General Brayman at Cairo, or that he
hud any jurisdiction over the States of Tennessee
or Kentucky through which Forrest passed. I
am not aware that he was guilty of any neglect
in not knowing that Forrest was approaching
Paducah. I do not understand that that region
of country was within his command.
I have felt called upon to say this much injus-
tice to an officer in command at Cairo who may,
for aught 1 know, (but I have seen no evidence of
it and never have heard the intimation before,)
nave been derelict in not sending forces to Pa-
ducah when he had no knowledge that an attack
was to be made upon it, and I am yet to learn
that he had any considerable force to send there.
A few days ago, as I understand, Columbus
was threatened with an attack, and I saw by the
newspapers, the only information I have on that
subject, that reinforcements were sentfiom Caiio
to Columbus, some twenty miles distant; and
about the time that the forccs at Columbus were
summoned to surrender, it so happened that some
veteran regiments were returning from the South,
and reached Columbus and landed, and that pre-
vented, as i understand, the attack upon Co-
lumbus, and I ptesume the forces then threaten-
ing that point went and made an attack upon Fort
Pillow, and succeeded in capturing the garrison
theie. I tegiet as much as any one that the gar-
rison at Fort Pillow was forced to surrender. I
regret the capture and the slaughter; but I am not
disposed, without a bettor knowledge of the facts
than I possess, to cast censure or to imply cen-
sure upon anybody. A raid of this kind may
occur; it is nolan event which is to have any con-
siderable hearing upon the result oi the war.
JVFr. GRIMES, i think it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I timik it is not. I think
the capture of a i e^iment of men will have vei y lit-
tle influence on the result.
Mr. GRIMES. But the slaughter of men after
they are captun d !
Mr. TRUMBULL. The slaughter of a few
men, when we have half a million of men in the
field, is not calculated to produce any great result
one way or the other. It may change the mode
of our carrying on the war.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It may lead to retaliation.
I have from the beginning been one of 'those who
were in favor of prosecuting this war in earnest.
I have never believed that we could carry on war
peacefully, or that war meant fighting in peace. I
supposed that it meant desolation, destruction,
and death; and that the more terrible we made
this war to the enemies of the country the sooner
it would be over, and in the end probably it would
be a mercy to the rebels themselves to prosecute
it with vigor against them.
I have no objection to this resolution; and I only
rose to say what I have said because I thought it
was wrong upon this sudden information, upon
these reports that have reached us within the last
twenty-four hours, which may be exaggerated,
which may be highly colored, to pass any opin-
ions as to what ought to be done in the future;
and above all I thought it hasty and inconsiderate
to cast censure on our comma-nding officers any-
where until we were more fully advised as to the
facts. I am for the resolution; I want the in-
formation; but before we get it and in advance I
am for condemning nobody*
Mr. GRIMES. If I understand the proposi-
tion now before the Senate, it is this: the Senator
from Michigan has modified his resolution so as
to allow the committee on the conduct of the war
to obtain the information that is desired in such
manner and such time as they sec fit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The imme-
diate question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator fiom California.
Mr. GRIMES. I shall vote against the amend-
ment of the Senator from California. I think this
is as grave a question as can possibly be brought
before the Senate, and one that may entirely
change the character of this war; and I think,
therefore, that it would be well for the Senate to
instruct some one of its organs, some one of its
committees—I do not care what that committee
may be—to thoroughly investigate this whole
subject; and I would be willing at the same time
to instruct the Secretary of War to do the same
thing. Indeed, I understand that he proposes to
do it without any instruction; he has already
taken the steps to do it. That, however, docs
not dispense with the propriety, and I think the
necessity, of the Senate of the United States
taking some action through the agents they may
appoint—some of the organs of this body—to
ferret the whole transaction to the bottom, where-
by we shall get intelligent information, not only
through the War Department but through our
own committee. 1 think, therefore, that the
Senate ought to vote down the proposition of the
Senator from California, and then adopt the reso-
lution as it has been modified by the Senator
from Michigan.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question, lest there be misapprehen-
sion. The amendment of the Senator fiorri Cal-
ifornia not only proposes to substitute the " Sec-
retary of War" for the il committee on the con-
duct of the war," but also proposes to modify
the subsequent part of the resolution in regard to
sending a person to the vicinity. The Senator
from Micingan proposes to accept the latter
amendment, but it is not in his power to do so,
an amendment having been moved and being
pending to the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. For the purpose of simpli-
fying t^us matter, I withdutw at present my
amendment. It is evident that if the Senate de-
sires to instruct the committee on the conduct of the
war to make this investigation, the amendment
which I have proposed will not be adopted, and
as it complicates the question at present I with-
draw it. But while 1 am up, I desire to ask the
1 Senator who presented this resolution and the
' Senator from Iowa, what they propose to do? I
deeiie to say m advance that i am not against ac-
quiring what iafoi m:\tiori we can on this* subject,
j but 1 ask what will they propose that Congress
shall do in cat>e the fact shall be ascertained to be
as H has been stated t
Mr. GRIMES. That depends on the inform-
ation.
Mr. CONNESS. Admit that the statements
now made be ascertained to be true, what will
Congress do about it ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will allow me,
I will state that I remarked when I was up before
that if we shall obtain a verification of the rumors
alluded to in the resolution, I shall deem it my
duty to present a bill for the purpose of enact-
ment into a law, requiring the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States
to retaliate upon the enemy in the most vigorous
mode practicable.
Mr. CONNESS. I may as well say also before
I take my seat that the massacre has been an in-
discriminate one so far as the information we
have received illustrates it. It is not confined to
negroes wearing the uniform of the United States,
but white and black alike are reported to have
been put to death. I desire to make this statement
because the reported facts as we have them now
bear it out. It was not confined to negroes alone.
I certainly have no objection to the obtainment
of this information, but I believe that*the War
Department nevertheless is the legitimate channel,
and that that Department, governed and controlled
by the Commander-in-Chief, namely, the Presi-
dent, should direct at once, and it belongs to him
to direct, the execution of such measures as are
necessary to put a stop to this.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose the President of
the United States refuses or neglects this duty of
retaliation, what would the Senator do then ?
Mr. CONNESS. I think 'I would take him
and send him to another fort that would very
likely be taken by the enemy, and let him take
the consequences.
The-PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChairwill
state the pending question. The Senator from
California withdraws his amendment, and the
question now is on the passage of the resolution
as it was originally introduced. It is competent
now for the Senator from Michigan to modify his
resolution if he desires to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. I agree to the suggested
amendment, to strike out the special instruction
to the committee to repair to the neighborhood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
will be so modified.
Mr. WILSON. Then I take it there is nn dif-
ference of opinion about it. We are all satisfied
to pass the resolution in that form. The Secre-
tary of War certainly needs no prompting in this
matter, and the committee can act for the Senate.
I wish simply to say, however, that the sugges-
tion made by the Senator from Maryland m re-
gard to inquiring into the management in that
military department might well be incorporated
into iiio resolution,and this committee might in-
quire into it, and probably have the power to do
so now. I understand that General Sherman re-
ports to the War Department that he ordered this
place to be evacuated, and is surprised that it was
not, and there is a responsibility somewhere that
it was not evacuated. 1 will say a word further, as-
this matter is up and excites our feelings and in-
terests the country. Itissaidtluu white men have
been butchered as well as black men; but I think
the evidence goes to show that they were butch-
ered because they were with the black men. That
was probably the exciting cause of it.
Mr. CONNESS. That is an inference only.
Mr. WILSON. While we are righting this
matter, while this is before the country, I hope
it will impress upon Congress, and, especially
upon the other branch, the propriety of passing
a bill that passed this branch six weeks ago to do
justice to the colored troops of the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Resolved, That the joint committee on the conduct of the
war 1).", ami they are heiehv, in^ti acted toinquae into the
tiuthofthe lumored sl.iughiei of the Unum noop-. alter
their ^mrondei at the recent attack nl the lehel Ibices upou
Fort Pillow, Tennessee, and that they lepurt the facts to
Congress as soon as possible.
Mr. JOHNSON I understood the amendment
which I offered to be accepted by the honoitiblc
member from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suggested that the honor-
able member should draw his amendment, and I
should have no objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose to amend by add-
ing ''and also whether Fort Pillow could have
been sufficiently reinforced or evacuated, and if
so, why it was not done."
