1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
St
38th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Confiscated Property—Mr. Sweat.
*Ho. of Reps.
United States. This view strengthens the infer-
ence that they are not included in any such ex-
pression as 44 officers of the United States" or
** persons holding office under the United States."
This same idea is corroborated in part by Judge
Story's own language in the portion of section
seven hundred and ninety-one subsequent to that
cited by the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts. He does not question the decision made
in Blount's case, but, speaking of the precedent,
he says:
" The reasoning hy which it was sustained In the Semite
does not appear, their deliberations having been puvate."
Hecould hardly haveadverted to the resolution
that wasnegatived,or this passage would not have
been written:
Dut it was probably held that  civil officers of the Uni-
ted Stales' meant such a«s dcuved their appointment from
and under the national Government, and not those persons,
who, though members of the Government, derived their ap-
pointment from the States or the people of the States. In
tins view the enumeration of the Piesidentand Vice Pres-
ident as impeachable officers wms: indispensablej lor they
derive, oi may derive, their office from a source paramount
to the national Government. And the clause ot the Con-
stitution now under con?ideiation does not even afTuot to
con>ider them officers of the United State*. It says, 4 the
PreMdenr, Vice President, and all civil officers (not all other
civ i! officers.) shall be removed,' &.c. '1'lie language of the
c!;ut-e; theiefoio, would rather lead to the conclusion that
they were enumerated as contradistinguished from, rather
than as included in the description of, civil officers of the
United skate:*. Other clauses, of the Constitution would
seem to favor the same lesult; particularly the clause re-
ppccting the appointment of officers of the United States by
the Executive, who is to 'commission all the officers of the
United States;' and the sixth section of the first article,
which declares that ' no.person holding any office under the
United States, shall be a member of either llou-e during Ins
conlinuuntc m office? and the first section of tire second
article, which declares thati no Senator or Representative,
or person hoiling on office of trud or profit under the United
States, shall bc'appointed an elector.
If, on a question of impeachment, which goes to
the construction of the Constitution, you cannot
impeach aSenatoror Representative because he is
not a civil officer, though all civil officers arc made
impeachable by the Constitution, on what princi-
ple is it that in a law which prescribes an oath for
all persons holding offices of trust or profit under
the United States you can include members of
Congress when they are not named?
Mr. President, there is one other authority to
which I will refer, though 1 a8mit that it is only
an authority inferentially. Early in the history
of the country, on the 7th of May, 1792, an order
was made by the Senate—
"That the Secretary of the Treasury do lay before the
Senate, at the next session of Congrc-s, a statement of the
salaries, tees, and emolument-? for one year ending the M
day of October next,stated quarterly,of every person hold-
ing any civil office or employment under the United States,
except the judge*, togethei with the actu.t) di^lmitejne'iK
and expens-e-* in the discharge of then lespeetive office?
and employments for the same poiiod,'1
To that resolution, in February following, Al-
exander Hamilton made his return, and in that
return of the persons holding civil offices under
the United States, except the judges, he included
the President, the Vice President, ali the different
officers of the Government from tide-waiters up-
waids; he included the Commissioner of Loans;
he included persons holding every species of em-
ployment; he included officers of the Senate and
officers of the House of Representatives with their
emoluments; but lie did not include members of
Congress. What, then, is the inference? Alex-
ander Hamilton was certainly, as a jurist, asoiv
familiar with theJanguageof the Constitution, and
with the mode in which it ought to be interpreted,
a man whose opinions would be entitled to great
weight; and in obeying an order of the Senate
which required him to return the emoluments of
all civil officers whatever, though he gave the offi-
cers of the Senate, the Secretary, nil the clerks,
the Doorkeeper, and also ali the officers of the
House of Representatives in the same way, he
made no return of members of Congress, for the
simple reason that they did not, in the language of
the resolution, hold a civil office under the United
States.
There is still another authority. The articles
of impeachment which were propounded against
Blount by the House of Representatives consisted
of five ai tides. They were drawn by one of the
ablest lawyers of the country, Mr. Sitgreaves,
who was chairman of the committee of impeach-
ment. Each mticlo, alleging the act which
was charged as a misdemeanor, concluded in this
form—that it was conttary to the tuistaod station
of a Senator. The House of Representatives did
not venture in their articles of impeachment, form-
ally drawn by so able a lawyer, to designate the
position of a Senator as an office. Is that no au-
thority? Is it not eniitlc-d to some weight? The
articles were very skillfully drawn, with technical
accuracy and precision in thestatement of the al-
leged misdemeanor, and every article concluded
with the allegation that the act was contrary to
the duties of his trust and station as a Senator of
the United States. Sir, that is the position of a
Senator.
But, sir, it has been said that the oath is required,
by the uctof July 2,1863, to be filed in both Houses
of Congress, and therefore it is evident, though
members of Congress are not included by name
as Senators and Representatives, that it must have
been intended to include them in the law. The
words, however, are amply satisfied by tiie fact
that you have officeis, both in the Senate and
House of Representatives, who must, under the
provisions of that act, if constitutional, take the
oath prescribed. The provision for recording it
is entirely satisfied by its application to those of-
ficers. There is, however, fiom the language of
this part of the act, reason to infer that the pro-
vision applied to the officers of each House, but
not to its members. The language is, " which
said oath so taken and filed shall be preserved
among the files of the court, House of Congress,
or Department to which the office may appertain."
i do not think it can be held that the office of
members of Congress appertains to the House of
which they arc members, It is at least singular
phraseology, it may be approp iate to speak of
your Secretary, your clerks, your Sergeant-at-
Arms,as appertaining to the Senate; but scarcely
appropriate to use the same language in reference
to its members. At all events, the order or di-
rection to file the oath is entirely satisfied by the
fact that there are officers of each body who, if
the law is valid, arc required to take it. The ex-
ercise of either judicial or legislative powers doc-S
not necessarily constitute the person exercising
them an officer. You have the illustration in the
case of an English peer. The powers he exer-
cises, both legislative and judicial, are quite equal
and more than equal judicially to our own, yet it
was never held that a peer of England was an of-
ficer of the Crown; nor would he be included in
any law by the terms " officer," or " person hold-
ing an office of honor or profit."
Mr. President, i have now concluded my ar-
gument against the validity of the act of July 2,
1663, and the itile piopostd under it. The oath
presciibed m that act has been frequently desig-
nated as " the oath of loyalty and doubtless
there are those who may consider my declining
to take that oath as evidence of disloyalty. The
words "luyui" and u loyalty" have become fa-
miliar terms during the pi ogress of this disastrous
civil war. 1 will not pause to inquire whether
loyalty in its usual acceptation is not more appro-
priate to the relations and personal devotion of a
subject to his prince than of a citizen to his Gov-
ernment in a republic. Accepting the term as
applicable, I define loyalty in a Government such
as ours—a representative Republic—to mean a
steadfast adherence to the Constitution or organic
law under which and by virtue of the adoption
of which by the people of the several States the
Government was established: a cheerful and ready
obedience to all laws passed in pursuance of that
Constitution; and a devoted and ardent support
of those guarantees of civil liberty which U was
a primary object with its fiomers to maintain and
perpetuate, and thus (< secure to themselves and
their posterity the blessings of libeity." 3 have
sworn to support that Constitution; and as I be-
lieve that the rule proposed and the law which it
is intended to enforce are repugnant to its pro-
visions, 1 call upon tiie tribunal which has ex-
clusive jurisdiction of all questions affecting the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its mem-
bers, to decide judicially whether the act is con-
stitutional. and give to it its proper legal construc-
tion. If ube disloyal to supporttheConstitution
of my country, then I cheerfully accept the im-
putation of disloyalty; but if made on any other
groundi f shall meet it with calm contempt,
CONFISCATED PROPERTY.
SPEECH OF HON. L. D M. SWEAT,
OF MAINE,
In- the House or Representatives,
January 20, 1864.
The House having under consideration a joint resolution
to amend a joint resolution explanatory of " An act tp sup-
press insurrection, to punish treason and iebellion,toseize
and confiscate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses"—
Mr. SWEAT said;
Mr. Speaker: Radicalism in thesefevered days
of war, upon matters of legislation., is progressing
with such unpiecedented and fearful strides that
one can hardly be excused for allowing himself
to be astonished whenever any measure, however
monstrous or extreme, is proposed for considera-
tion before a deliberative assembly like this; but,
sir, i must confess that when the measure now
before the House was introduced by the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] I was astonished, and
1 was still more surprised to see the attempts to
NtilUj, or, at all events, to abridge the discussion
upon it, when he announced that he should put it
upon its passage under a call for the previous ques-
tion. 1 think it is not too much for me to say
that his courtesy m finally consenting that this
measure should remain open for discussion for
two days might have been slightly stimulated by
the intimation of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] on his side of the Hon^,
who told him that if lie expected his resolution to
pass without amendment lie would find himself
wofully mistaken. I hold that upon this ques-
tion, and upon all other questions affecting Up-
rights of the citizen under the Constitution, we
ought to have deliberative, free, culm, und full
discussion, so that when we come to lecord our
votes we may do it intelligently, or, at all events,
that we may do it after sufficient tune has been
granted to us for the honest exercise of our judg-
ments. This is ali we ask of gentlemen upon the
other side of the House, but this we do demand
as our risht, and as the right of the constituen-
cies which we represent upon this fioor.
But when I reflect upon the scenes before us—
the resistless whirl of events, so full of suffering
and anguish; when the public mind is so shaken
with doubts and fears, with frenzied thought and
hurried action} it seems as if all mere human ut-
terance or expression of opinion were vain and idle
—so utterly weak and impotent as to make it but
a mockery foranyman to raise his voice of warn-
ing or counsel in favor of wise, prudent, and just
action. This feeling pervades a much larger por-
tion of our people than would at first appear, and
an honest desire not to do or say anything which
might be tortured into opposition to an earnest
prosecution and speedy arid just termination of the
war, the most terrible of all earth's tragedies,
closes the mouth of many of cur most loyal.cit-
izens. Fear of misconstruction, and therefore fear
of harm to the great cause, has made silence the
rule and not the exception, not only with many
among the masses of the people, but also with
gentlemen on this floor. They consider silence a
virtue.
But, sir, when the Republic is writhing under
the blows given her by the rebels in arms and by
traitors who are skulking over the land, North as
well as South, and when, in addition to this, the
doctrinaires and theorists of the day, born of rev-
olution, and whose natural elements are carnage,
hatred, and revenge, are thrusting forward their
poisonous ideas, which if earned out would be
sure to leave our country in anarchy and confu-
sion, even after the success of our arms, which
success is as suie as God's judgment; when these
things, I say, are before us, silence and inaction
are, in my judgment, no longer virtues. They
are crimes for which I, at least, feel answerable
beforo God and man. The time has come, and
is pressing on us with all its awful weight, when
honest thought, honest action and discussion, and
honest and prudent legislation especially, are de-
manded at the hands ofevery man connected with
the administration of this Government. " Riven
by the thunderbolt and scattered by the storm"
as it is, the wreck of our Republic in still worthy
of every effort to save, for in it t>f ill liven th«"  germ
