THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONG-BESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, B.;V.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 3, 1864.
NEW SEUiE£,..'..Noi. '16®.';';
genuous concession that upon his own theory and
in his own subsequent language, " that election is
void."
There are still other points of difference in the
two cases, prominent among which will be noticed
the inability of the sitting member to get into our
record any such testimony as was dwelt upon in
the previous records in regard either to the char-
acter of my witnesses or my supporters. N o rais-
ing of secession flags, no tearing down of the na-
tional banner, no holding back at any time from
duty in the loyal militia, but the exact reverse,
if necessary, will be demonstrated in respect to
my outlawed " sympathizers" as we pass along.
Invoking, therefore, a continuance of the cour-
teous attention with which I have been thus far
honored, I will proceed to so address myself to
the record in this case that unless it be the under-
standing and determination of the dominant party
that such and similar outrages upon the freedom
of discussion and the ballot shall be systematic-
ally excused or encouraged, such action may, at
least, be proposed as to elicit the official facts in
the case, should my own recital of them be in any
sense impugned in the reply of the sitting mem-
ber. This, I take leave to add, will be left en-
tirely to gentlemen of the dominant party; to those,
if any, who may feel that there is a distinction
in the cases; since with them alone exists the
power to redress the wrongs which I will proceed
to make manifest. If they propose no further
or additional consideration of the case my more
immediate friends and myself must fain be con-
tent to carry our appeal to the country as best we
may. It is but added, therefore, in this connec-
tion that if I shall be able to demonstrate from the
record that upon every principle of past adjudi-
cations this case enforces and demands adifferent
judgment to that which the majority have ren-
dered in the previous case from my State, I shall
fain rely upon gentlemen of that majority to so
shape the final issue as to elicit a direct vote upon
the merits of the controversy which has so long
detained me here.
1 have prepared for this purpose what has
seemed to my friends upon this side of the House
an appropriate resolution; but as they concur
with me, not merely that the result of the con-
troversy depends upon the distinctions to which
I have adverted, but that courtesy as well as jus-
tice demands that such a resolution, if presented
at all, should proceed from such gentlemen upon
the opposite side of the House as I may be able
successfully to impress with those distinctions, I
will simply read it for information or reflection,
and proceed without further preliminary to the
record of the case:
Resolved, That the election under which Austin A. King
occupies a seat in this- House as a Representative from the
sixth congressional district of Missouri was not " free and
equal," in the sense ordained by the constitution of that
State, and that the said seat is hereby declared vacant.
Without in any sense distrusting the ultimate
action of the House upon such a resolution, it is
deemed sufficient to premise that the constitu-
tional guarantee therein alluded to was not only
successfully held up in my State as a counter-
poise and an answer to ail the specious arguments
in favor of the rebellion then and yet pending,
but I may add, without immodesty, as a citizen
whose residence and associations for the last six
and thirty years entitle him somewhat to speak
the sentiments of its staid and considerate men,
that you have it more in your power to strengthen
the true Union sentiment of the State by giving
practical and public effect to that guarantee, in a
case like the present, which admits of no dis-
pute, than you could do by either penalties or
arms.
Coming, therefore, without furtherpreliminary
to the consideration of the record in the case,
from which it will be seen that every exception
which was taken to the previous one is either met
or avoided in the present one, it is of course con-
ceded that the great practical issue is, whether
the " judicial and military terrorism,*' which is
charged by the contestant, was of a character
which so overawed a portion of tlfe qualified
166
voters of the district as to have brought about
the return of the sitting member in contravention
of that guarantee. Unless, therefore, the testi-
mony in the case shall bring it fairly within the
exception recited by the gentleman from Michi-
igan, [Mr. Upson,] when reading from the rulings
of the committee in the case of Wing and Bid-
die—unless, in the language of that report, " cor-
ruption shall appear sufficient to destroy all con-
fidence in the purity and fairness of the whole
proceeding,,--I shall of course submit to a ver-
dict against me of having raised here a 44 false
clamor," instead of having presented a true in-
dictment against the sitting member.
As already stated, it appears from the deposi-
tion of the secretary of State, at page 5 of the
printed testimony now upon your tables, that the
aggregate vote of the district at the presidential
election in 1860 was 20,760, while the aggregate
vote for Congress in 1862 (the election here in
controversy) was but 9,370. Of this minority
vote of the district, the sitting member received
4,243, the contestant 2,857, and two other candi-
dates the remainder. It furtherappears from the
testimony that the sitting member became a can-
didate for Congress shortly after he had received
the appointments of circuit judge and aid-de-camp
to the commander-in-chief of the State militia;
and that he gave out his purpose to hold on to
his judicial station, as he did to his military po-
sition, until the regular recurrence of the judicial
election, which was a year after the congressional
election. The testimony of the colonel of his own
county regiment is to the effect, in this connection,
that in consequence of the positions he thus held
in the judicial and military departments of the
State government, his opinions were " but natu-
rallylistened'towithconsideration and deference in
respect to the military operations of the times"—
" that all the principal orders which were issued
from his headquarters, in respect to subsistence,
assessments, impressments, enrollments," &c.,
had, at least, his ready and entire concurrence—
and the record will be seen to be such through-
out as to identify him inextricably with theover-
awings of the State military authorities, in this
and other portions of the district.
When to this it is added,aswill presently be
seen, that the colonel already alluded to has felt
constrained to acknowledge, in response to the
direct interrogation of the contestant, (page 8,)
that the whole course of the public speaking and
less public conversations of this candidate, aid-
de-camp, and judge was apparently calculated and
designed to overawe that class of voters who had
been-enrolled under military order No. 24, and
constrain them to either change their votes against
their free will or to abstain from voting at all,
and when it will be seen by those whose patience
and attention I may be able to retain that such
testimony abounds throughout the record in re-
spect to that and other counties of the district, the
inquiry which will doubtless suggest itself to
every mgenuousjurorin this case will be, whether
there was anything in the fact of such a military
enrollment which could be legitimately held to
interfere with the voting prerogative of the citi-
zens. So much of that order, therefore, as is
deemed pertinent to this inquiry is here repro-
duced,as follows:
[General Orders, No. 24.]
Headqdarters Missouri State Militia,
St. Louis, Jlugust 4, 1862.
General Orders No. 23, from these headquarters, dated
July 28,1862, is hereby revoked.
All the loval men ot Missouri, subject to military duty,
will be organized into companies, regiments, and brigades,
as ordered in General Orders, No. 19, from these headquar-
ters, dated July '22, 1882.
All disloyal men, and those who have at any time sym-
pathized with the rebellion, are required to report at the
nearest mihtaiy po&t,or other enrolling -station^ be enrolled,
suriender their arms, and return to thejr home* or other
ordinary places ot business, where tliey wilj he permitted
to remain so long as they shall continue quietly attending
to their ordinary and legitimate business., and in no way
give aid or comfort to the enemy. Disloyal persons, or
sympathizers with the lebelhon, will not be organized into
companies, nor required nor permitted to do duty in the
Missouri nr^Utia.
It will be seen by reference to the testimony op,
page 32 that the practical effectof this .and subse-
quent orders was that the men thus enrolled-
tne military service were to be mounted,'ai'med,1
and subsisted (where necessary) by those who
were to be enrolled on what came to be denomi-
nated " the sympathizing list"-—«. mere military
arrangement, which it is notfurther the province,
of the House to here consider than as it may be
shown from the testimony that the sitting mem-
ber took advantage of—to judicially misimpress
and overawe that class of the people in respect to
their rig:ht to vote. The point, therefore, to be
kept mainly in mind is, that th« absolute duty of
enrollment under this general military order was
explicit and imperative—so unequivocally so, not
only according to the terms of the order itself,
but by the official testimony, as to leave neither
the enrolling officers nor the people any discre-
tion whatever in regard to those who,had at any-
time sympathized with the rebellion, .however
then " protesting (as they have since abundantly
proven) their loyalty to the Government of the
United States." Upon this cardinal point the
testimony of one of the enrolling officers, which
I will read from page 19,'is as follows:
" I have resided in the town of Plattsburg, Clinton coun-
ty, Missouri, for about eighteen year* last past, aiid am a
judge of the county court of said county. J have been
piovost marshal of said county since the 12i.li day of Au-
gust, 1S62, and yet am. in connection with that office, I
had ffoe duty assigned me by Lieutenant Colonel Swoar-
mgea of enrolling the citizens of said county on what was
called the ' lo\al and disloyal lists.' On the loyal list it
was my duty to enroll ior military pmpo-ses all persons be-
tween eighteen and forty Ifve yearn of asje, (being male cit-
izens,) and ori the (so called) disloyal h.>t it was my duty
to enroll all nrale citizens, ot whatsoever ni*e, who had at
any time sympathized with the southern rebellion. J had
no discretion in the matter, nor had the people."
T respectfully desire that this sentence be borne
in mind, should the contestant here (as in the
committee-room) attempt to draw a distinction be-
tween voluntary and involuntary enrollments up-
on this sympathizing list. Having fully,analyzed
his testimony in that respect, I shall be ready (if
necessary in replying to him) to demonstrate that
if he did upon some occasions attempt such a dis-
tinction, as it may be argued from his testimony
that he did, the distinction could only have been
conceived and presented m aid of the same judi-
cial fraud and overreaching which constitutes the
principal issue between us. I respectfully sug-
gest, moreover, that if he will have the fairness to
read all that his witnesses say, (as i shall read all
that mine say,) itwill be seen thatnotone of them
was present during all of either of the speeches
to which my witnesses testify, and that hence there
is no discrepancy in the testimony. To this I but
add, in this connection, that m the testimony
which I shall read in conclusion, as tathe judi-
cial construction which he put upon the right of
these same sympathizers to take the oath and vote
in the judicial election, the sitting member will be
made a witness against himself in respecwo his
judicial misteachmgs (and consequent overl-
ings) in the congressional election.
In respect to the enrollment, the witness con-
tinues as follows:
♦'The enrollment for the county was made, therefore, aa
directed in General Schofietd's Order No. 24, and the ex-
planatory circular of Brigadier General Hall,d.ned Septem-
ber 26, 1562. The said disloyal enrollment not com-
pleted before the election which was held on the 4th of
November last, nor have f yet completed u. The number
enrolled up to the timeof election was abour four hundred.
Doling the period of said enrollment Brigadier General
Hall was commandant of the military district m which this
county was f-ituated, and hence I acted upon his ordei&iu
connection with those of Geueial Sehofiehl.5'
With regard tu the speeches of the sitting mem-
ber, of which I will presently produce tt perfect
cloud of tusLimony, this witness deposes as fol-
lows:
" [ heaid a poitiou of the speech which was made by
Austin A. King m the couit-house in the town of Platte-
burg, C'imon county, Missouri, on the 13th day of October,
lb6^. He was very distinct in his expression-*, and m con-
veying the impression that it any man who was enrolled on
the disloyal hst—so lie phrased it—presumed to vote in the
election then approaching, and did so, he would peijure
himself, and be indicted by the grand jury. He brought-fhid
over several times, varying the phraseology, but still Jfold-
